user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,225540,26973165,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,smoosh,"This game has a LOT of issues. Seeing as it's in the sale and there will be a lot of people considering buying it, I feel like I should outline the issues. TL;DR and specs at the bottom.- Performance, it varies from person to person but personally I have a medium/high-end gaming rig and still get stuttering and frame drops. I get smoother framerates on games with more graphic fedelity. On consoles it's the same story, constant frame rate drops.- There's a memory leak issue that is yet to be fixed. Instead of fixing the issue, the devs just raised the minimum RAM requirement from 8GB to 16GB and added a message for every time you boot up the game telling you that you have insufficient memory. Apparently getting more RAM actually fixes a lot of performance issues with the game, go figure.- The car handling in this game is so, so, bad. People says that Just Cause 2's handling was bad, but that game is a shining light of glory compared to JC3's habdling. And then just wait until you try a motorbike. The turning is horrid, it feels like you have no control sometimes. You hold down the button or move the stick to turn and there's a delay of about 1 second until your bike actually starts turning.  It's so easy to make them spin out and / or flip. Again, when the devs were questioned about this, they literally said ""We think it's fine!"" (can't find the link to the tweet but I'm sure it's out there).- There's no native way to change the FOV. There's mods that let you do so but then when you do change it a whole bunch of glitches appear, like terrain not rendering, animations ending, etc. I usually wouldn't mind, but the default FOV is so low to begin with, try driving a car, it's right up in your face and you can barely see past it.- Missions are creative until you realise that a lot of them are the same being repeated multiple times. Story is boring, I ended up ignoring it and just ♥♥♥♥ing around. Plus, at least for me, destroying bases got boring after a while because there's so god damn many. Just Cause 2 did the whole ""Chaos"" thing better. When you destroyed military vehicles, killed personnel, destroyed bases, etc. you would gain Chaos and once you reached a certain point you would unlock new items and missions. This worked great because you would end up unlocking things just by ♥♥♥♥ing around. Just Cause 3 however makes you liberate towns and bases, which are mostly just the same thing over and over again. Destroy these buildings, shut down this surveillance system, open this door, free these prisoners, kill there people. Over and over. It's very repetitive. As for Chaos? It's just a meanless stat.- The rebel drop system is stupid. In JC2  you earned money from missions and then used it to buy things from the black market, and you could also be picked up and quick-travelled to another province. In JC3 you have to collect flares from rebel bases, and then use those to call in a rebel drop. You have limited flares, but that's ok because you can just get whatever you want for free whenever you want. Right? Wrong, because there's ♥♥♥♥ing WAIT TIMERS. You sometimes have to wait up to 20 minutes before you can drop in a plane again. It's one of the most anti-fun things a developer can do and is often paired with micro transactions that let you reduce the wait, but JC3 doesn't even HAVE microtransactions so the decision makes no sense.Those are my main issues, but while I'm at it:- There's no minimap. Why is there no minimap. You can pause the game and look at the map from there to find things buy that's no reason not to have a mini map.- There's no sprint button. It makes Rico feel really slow in combat because you can't make him run any faster. The devs said that they want you to ""use Rico's other movement skills"" or whatever but JC2's sprint button was super useful.- Devs said they wanted to support modders but every patch completely broke most mod. I think there's still some mods that haven't been updated to the latest versions of the game.- Speaking of patches, there hasn't been one in months. You know what the latest patch was? DLC release. No big fixes. These devs charged us heaps of money for lackluster DLC and the worst part is I was idiotic enough to buy the first one. I'll give them the fact that have a booster on my wingsuit is cool but maybe they could use the extra time spent on DLC fixing the huge bugs in the game? Wait, that doesn't earn them money. Whoops, lol- WHY DID THEY RE-INVENT THE WHEEL AND BIND LEFT CTRL TO BACK. WHY NOT JUST USE ESC. YOU KNOW, LIKE EVERY OTHER PROGRAM AND GAME EVER PROGRAMMED LIKE EVER. WHY.TL;DR: Is this game fun? Hell yeah, I have like 70 hours on it. Is it worth full price? ♥♥♥♥ no. Buy Just Cause 2 in the next sale for like $3 and then play it for three years until Just Cause 3 is a similar price. Just Cause 3 could have been great given another year of development. But it's just gonna forever be that game that could have been ♥♥♥♥ing awesome but instead blowed and probably killed the entire franchise. Good job, Avalanche. Next time give the game to a competent development team.Rant over. Can you tell I'm still salty about a nearly 1 year old release?SPECS:i5-4460, 3.2 GHzGTX 970, 3.5GB VRAM (heh)8GB RAMaka way above recommended requirementsEDIT 25 NOV:This review got way more popular than I expected, so I thought I would fix a couple of things I said:1. The developers didn't actually bump the minimum amount of ram to 16GB. I thought they did, but I guess I remembered wrong. However, if you don't have at least 16GB of RAM, you still get a pop-up when you start the game telling you that your RAM is insufficient.2. I guess I was wrong to call my rig high-end, I've changed that to medium/high-end. While it's true that my i5 processor and 8GB RAM (the RAM particularly leading to the memory leak issue) aren't as good as an i7 or 16GB RAM, my gpu, a GTX 970, was one of the best cards you could get when this game released. Additionally, unlike what it seems like some people argue, i7's don't really make as much difference in games as they might think.I've noticed that the recommended CPU is actually an i7, but I feel like this further shows the performance issues with the game as you shouldn't need an i7 to run a game like this. Take, for example, GTA; a game that is arguably nicer looking and the recommended processor is an i5.EDIT 15 DEC:Looks like the game is on sale again, so a lot more people are reading the reviews. Try to be nice in the comments, it's christmas yo."
,Not Recommended,225540,24615553,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,⋆ Hardzle ⋆,"Note: I am one of the fortunate and my game works fine 90fps+ constant.The developers are spending months on 30min dlcs instead of fixing the game's memory leaks and various other problems people are having.Game is good, devs mind set is atrocious."
,Recommended,225540,19813094,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Cleetus (bone hurting juice),"3/18/2016 *SKY FORTRESS BELOW*My rating 7/10Pros:-Explosions-Removed a lot of pointless mechanics from JC2, namely pressing number sequences every time you wanted to hijack an enemy vehicle, or hack a terminal. Also like a 10 second cutscene everytime you wanted to fast travel or get a weapons drop-Heavy weapons that explode things in different ways-graphics are pretty-lots of collectables, one of them being audio tapes that give some backstory to the main antagonist's rise to power-The trains are awesome and I spent a lot of time causing crashes and derails. (WHY IS THERE ONLY ONE TRAIN MISSION? SO MUCH POTENTIAL THERE)-Rebel vs Army battles (only 3 in the game sadly) Fighting 10 enemy tanks in your own tank is pretty funThe leaderboards and challegenes are pretty controversial, mainly for being psudo multiplayer. (The JC2 multiplayer mod was seen as welcome addition and left people wondering why it wasn't included in the game.)It seems the devs just got bored and said ""players like multiplayer so lets give them arbitrary leaderboards""Cons-Liberating settlements is cookie cutter as ♥♥♥♥. For towns theres almost always a police station to liberate and a handfull of propaganda structures to destroy just like every other city in the game.-Enemy AI could use some work. For example if you hover in a helicopter near a cliff the AI will just drive off the cliff to their deaths trying to get to you.-Cutscenes, why not let me crash the evil missile instead of watching Rico do it in a cutscene?-Story missions are bland and really easy.-No cool landmarks like the night club balloon, the highrise cities, and the highrise towers in JC2. No diversity in what the towns and cities look like.-Only a handful of sports cars that go over 160 km/h-SAM trailers and bridges regenerate if you leave the area (more specifically when you leave rendering distance in a helicopter or jet, fly up too high and the bridge comes back)-Cool gameplay features like battles and the train mission are few and limited.-No tanks with tracks they all have wheels. :)TL/DR if you enjoyed JC2, you will feel right at home with this game. If you want a sandbox to blow everything up wait for the game to go on sale (and more DLC).*SKYFORTRESS DEE ELL CEE*3/10+Powered Jetpack/wingsuit is cool+???-A paltry 3 missions-Last mission is super easy with nuke launcher, like 3 shots and gg dlc over. Why even let me stand there and shoot the things if you want me to fly like Buzz Lightyear to shoot it instead?-3 drone types-4 challenges 3 wingsuit 1 drone killing-Entire DLC would take 1-2 hours to complete-new pew pew laser gun is super innacurate. spray is all over the placeTL:DRFor 12 dollars you get-jetpack-a crap gun-4 challenges"
76561197963400690,Recommended,225540,32861050,Posted: 27 June,all,kremit,"Glitchy, and no plot whatsoever, but a heck of a lot of fun to just free roam with that grappling hook. Great graphics and explosions too. I bought it on sale and am pleased."
,Recommended,225540,32931912,Posted: 28 June,all,Narc,"Open world sandbox destruction mayhem as Spider-Iron man.The game(play) is awesome, the port (performance/controls) could be better.If your game crashes  a lot or has unusual low fps try one of the following:- disable Screen Space Reflections (in graphics section)- turn down Water Details to low (blame Nvidia Waterworks)- ""downclock"" your GPU by a few Mhz and/or disable your used overclock setup- set the game to run on single CPU core (""set affinity"" in task manager)- refund and miss an otherwise great gameSpeaking of fixes, there's two mods you should have:- ""no intro"" which removes the long superflous intro that you cannot get rid of otherwise- ""extended LOD and texture budgets"" which basically reduces pop-ins of objects a lotI hate it when games won't run 'out of the box' and you have to find a solution yourself, but it was totally worth it."
,Not Recommended,225540,32150302,Posted: 3 June,all,Underdrill,"The summary of the review is below. If you would like to read my full review for this game, click on the link below.https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VXh2vJK5bDePC-kt2tAocEP8397t8KkUPWb7dph58yk/edit?usp=sharingWhile Just Cause 3 has some incredibly fun mechanics, most notably of those the wingsuit, it is ultimately undermined by what has been, in my experience, the worst PC port I've ever had to play with. Constant crashes (I've probably had over 100, no joke, and 3 PC crashes, one of those which wiped my save file, causing me to lose many hours of progress), heavy memory leak that is noticable even with 16GB of RAM, and pop in that occurs a mere few meters in front of many objects, makes this game a painful one to play with most of the time. When it works, Just Cause 3 can be a lot of fun, but the good performance moments are too few and far between for me to recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,225540,23147462,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,TheAlmightyPanda,"You're basically SpidermanBut you're on steroidsAnd you have infinite parachutesAnd you have a wingsuitAnd you have a cooler nameAnd you can steal carsAnd you can steal someone's airplane in mid-flightSo it's kinda like GTA tooBut it has a bigger mapAnd better graphicsAnd a better storylineAnd a wingsuitAnd practically everything is destructibleThe explosions are coolerMaybe it's more like an action movieBut you're the protagonistAnd you have a wingsuitNeed a tank? No big deal. Just go borrow one from the army.They may shoot at you, but that's okay. They're helping you learn how to dodge bullets.Ever collapsed a bridge and watched a train fall onto hundreds of innocent civillians?I have. It was fun.Did I mention there was a wingsuit?"
76561198303162464,Recommended,225540,32653057,Posted: 22 June,all,dr2d2,"You didn't buy this game for the story. You bought it just to blow crap up.﻿ The game that can make explosions, explode﻿ and Michael Bay, the video game.﻿"
,Not Recommended,225540,29575250,Posted: 29 January,all,Wubbles,The memory leak is still on ongoing problem which i think is bull♥♥♥♥♥♥out for more than a year and still broken so until they fix it (which looks like never) Do Not Buy
,Recommended,225540,29465132,Posted: 24 January,all,Asmodeus,Pros :- Graphics- Gameplay- Humour & Story- Map size- ModsCons :- Horribly optimized- Pretty repetitive
,Not Recommended,225540,19969813,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Nicky C,"This game is great, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the forced online. It forces me to connect to the servers so I can use the pointless ♥♥♥♥ing leaderboards, and it'd be okay if it didn't disconnect every freakin five minutes. On top of that, it tries to reconnect EVERY TIME you pause, taking up to 3-5 minutes. Add some offline only mode, or make the servers not ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Again, amazing game for blowing crap up, story's cheesy, that's to be expected. But the DRM is ♥♥♥♥ing God awful."
,Recommended,225540,19653032,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Blackops981,"Just 100%'d the game and here's what I think:If you're into mindless destruction as well as huge explosions then look no further this is the game for you.However, the aforementioned game is plagued with countless issues such as:- Extremely repetitve gameplay, minimal enemy variety- Shallow plot, forgettable characters- Performance issues, even on a decent rig- Poor vehicle handling, for instance bikes seem to have input lag which is frustrating to say the least- Unintuitive flight controlsEtc.So in conclusion, JC3 is essentially JC2 with updated visuals plus a wingsuit."
,Recommended,225540,28353330,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,[[BD]] Duke Kataron,"This is a good game. Is it a great game? Probably, but there are a few issues.There are a lot of improvements from Just Cause 2. You're still raising hell on an island nation, but this time the ridiculous characters feel like they are entirely on purpose, and this time it's a lot prettier. There are a lot less collectibles and settlements this time around, but frankly, that's a good thing. Just Cause 2 had way, way too much to do, and not all of it was satisfying. Sometimes you could spend twenty minutes on a military base looking for that one last thing to destroy, the one insignificant little generator that you missed, that one crate that you didn't pick up. This time, once you start a settlement, you're told what you have to do to liberate it. Destroy the speakerboxes, destroy the propaganda vans, raid the police station and free the prisoners. It's fairly entertaining, the first few times, but after that it becomes somewhat monotonous.It is pleasant to watch a province side with you after liberating everything within it. That was something that was missing in Just Cause 2, you can easily and visibly track your progress across the nation this time around, much like you could in the original Just Cause.Then you have the various challenges, wherein you earn 1-5 gears based on your performance. Mostly optional, and although gears unlock upgrades for your gear and vehicles, you don't need to get five gears on every single challenge to unlock everything. Which is good, because some of the challenges require you to perform absolutely perfectly. I was stuck on one of the wingsuit challenges for a good forty-five minutes. Thankfully, I could have just given up and gone on to other things, as I had already unlocked all of the available upgrades, but I was determined and bored.So the challenges are hit and miss. Some of them are actually fun, and add a neat element to the game. The races are generally pretty decent, except for the occasional moments of flipping your car. The destruction challenges are fun, but most of them can be cheesed by using something else. For example, the boat challenges can be difficult because most of the boats are hot garbage. But when a helicopter spawns on the outskirts of the challenge map, complete with rocket launchers? Not even remotely difficult. For the most part, I enjoyed the wingsuit challenges. You follow along the predetermined route and hit the circles, aiming for the middle for maximum points. And most of them, you don't have to be perfect to get five gears. Some of them are obnoxious, some of them are downright peaceful.The story in the game? Meh. I mean, don't get me wrong. I'm happy that they tried. They didn't take themselves seriously this time around. I mean, not that they ever did. But in the first two games, it still bordered on sense. Things got weird on occasion, like the ninjas with the submachine guns, but they only popped up a few times in the entire game. This time, they have a cast of wacky characters, all of whom are entertaining, none of whom get any closure whatsoever when the story ends. And that's my only real problem with the story. I like that it's silly, I enjoyed when the main character punched a computer screen and said ""♥♥♥♥ you, missile"", that was just a good time. But when the game ends with no fanfare, it feels underwhelming. It is underwhelming. I completed every single challenge with max gears, I liberated every single settlement, I did all the DLC, and the game just...sort of peters out.On the note of DLC, it's fantastic. I picked up the Just Cause 3 XL pack on sale for twenty-five bucks. It includes three DLC storylines, each with new areas to liberate and a game-changing, almost game-breaking item being the reward for completing it. A gun that calls lightning down from the sky. When powered up with the gear upgrades, it is ridiculously overpowered. You can bring down a military base with the power of the gods. I ended up shelving that one because it was too much, and I wanted to have a touch of challenge. If I was going in for a second playthrough, which I will inevitably do, then heck yes I am going to use that to clear things out. It has some difficulties hitting aerial targets, as you have to make sure you're aimed right at them, and keep the cursor directly on them until the lightning comes down, or else it will blast off into the distance, destroying innocent trees. But for groundbound targets, it's pure death. This DLC pack also introduces the only boat in this game that is not a steaming pile of floating crap. The Loochador is a boat with a ridiculous amount of nitro boosting, high speeds and steering, and a barrage of rockets to destroy your foes.The one piece of DLC gear that I DID use, and use a lot, was the jetpack. Holy crap, is that thing awesome. Just Cause 2 introduced the infinite parachute that defies physics, gravity, mass, just about everything that you hold true in the universe. But who cares, it makes the game more fun. This time around you have the infinite parachute again (which is even jokingly mentioned in the game), and the wingsuit. But the wingsuit is only useful when you're high up in the air. You move faster, but you can't get much air back. Until you get the jetpack. Now you can propel yourself through the skies. Who needs a vehicle when you have a highly unstable bavarium jetpack strapped to your back? Add to that, the fact that it has both a machine gun AND a missile launcher, both with infinite ammo and a reasonable cooldown time. Plus you can upgrade it via a series of challenges similar to the wingsuit ones, but designed with the boost in mind, making them much more difficult and interesting. At any rate, this piece of gear made my journey across Medici a lot quicker. The only downside of it is that SAM sites now detect you as an enemy aircraft, and will fire missiles at you if you get too close. Which you can avoid, if your timing is good. But it does make life a little more difficult, which is probably a good balance for a device so utterly useful.The last piece of DLC equipment is a mech suit. Gun arm for the pew pews, and gravity arm for picking things up, throwing them, or just doing a devastating gravity punch and eliminating everything in front of you. Once you have the gear upgrades, which are, like the rest of the DLC gear upgrades, gained by completing specific DLC challenges, then your mech suit is a force of mechanical doom. You can pluck helicopters out of the sky, throw them at other helicopters, gravity punch entire waves of enemy forces, and pick out enemies with upsetting accuracy with the autogun mech. The other mech is dumb and I hate it. Also, once you've completed everything and have it unlocked, if you don't want to drive it you can call in a rebel in a mech suit to wreck♥♥♥♥♥♥FOR you.Each of these pieces of DLC gear are gamebreaking in their own way, which is kind of perfect for a game like this. They're not needed, which means the base game is completely unprepared for them. For my first run through the game, I only used the jetpack, and held off on the weapons it has, because they felt like I was cheating. For later runs, I have no doubt in my mind that I will use these mech suits and lightning guns to destroy my enemies so fast that the good general won't know what hit him until he has a lightning mech knocking down his door like the friggin' Koolaid Man.I like this game. I enjoyed it a lot. I had a huge grin plastered on my face from the moment I started the intro cutscene. I would definitely recommend picking it up, especially when it's on sale. For twenty-five bucks, it took me fifty hours to get through on my first playthrough. Definitely worth the price. My only issues with this game are the ending, which didn't wrap things up as much as I would like, and the fact that it crashed a few times. But it has a generous autosave feature, so I never lost more than a few minutes of mayhem."
,Not Recommended,225540,24414818,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Aztek,"Are the devs died in a car accident or something happened to them? People are complaining about optimization and unplayable bugs since months but devs are just doing nothing. What is happening right now? We can call the game ''Just Stutter 3'' i think.I bought the game in summer sale with a huge hype but, just huge disappointing."
76561197960460176,Not Recommended,225540,27276365,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Anal Rampage,"I was so excited for this game.  I loved Just Cause 2 and knew for sure its sequel was going to be a hit.I was very wrong.The pros:Updated physics and graphics, better grapple/parachute mechanics, the wingsuit, awesome explosions and destruction.  An overall beautiful game that has so much potential.The cons:-Performance is very poor especially for those on PC (unless you have certain Nvidia cards I believe).  The game was created as a console game and was not ported over very well.-Memory Leaks.-Gameplay is constantly interrupted when there's a disconnect with the server.-Devs don't appear to actively support or fix these issues.-No minimap-Car and motorcycle handling is absolutely atrocious.  They seem to have been made for just console controllers and wheels, then directly ported to PC.  The lag is huge between pressing a button to turn on the keyboard and the vehicle actually turning, to the point that you'll fall off cliffs, hit buildings, and spin out of control because there's no sensible way to make the vehicles do what you want.  It's not just a learning curve, or something to get used to - it's a design flaw, because the only way to control a vehicle is to possess Jedi abilities to see what's coming before it happens.  Only then will you have time to press the key and keep it pressed long enough for the car to respond in time.  I can't even get in vehicles in JC3.  I'm belaboring this point because vehicle chases and combat were such a huge part of JC2, and they're completely ruined by these shoddy mechanics that the devs still stand by.  They should, at the very least, give the option to revert to JC2 mechanics.The list goes on.  It hurts me to say, but don't buy it."
,Recommended,225540,23556745,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Untold,"I wrote a negative review a while ago for this game, saying that the game ""used to work but no longer does."" However, I got it to work, and it ended up being fantastic. The problem was my controller. If you have the controller plugged in when you boot up the game, you get about 1 frame per second. If you plug in your controller after you start playing, it works. Now that I have played it, I can review it correctly.The game is good.The campaign is much higher quality than that of Just Cause 2, and it is much longer. I did enjoy the characters, cutscenes, stories, ideas, etc. and there was even some good humor thrown in. The campaign seems to take itself more seriously than the one in Just Cause 2, which I thought was a great choice on Avalanche's part.For veteran Just Cause players, there are some ""easter eggs."" For example, in Just Cause 3, there is a big island in the top-right corner that replicates the one (in the same spot) in Just Cause 2 (although this one has no inhabitants). Just Cause 3's capital, Regno, has a sister city in Just Cause 2 called Bandar Baru Nipah, which I thought was awesome. In addition, just like Just Cause 2, a funny radio announcer will talk about the base that you just blew up to try to calm the dictator's people. Rico also has some throwback quotes.The destruction in this game is total. I was constantly in awe of both how much infrastructure Avalanche had created and how much I could destroy. Blowing stuff up in this game is amazing, especially with the unlimited C4 supply.You can be extremely creative, and there is a ton to do. There are functioning trains that you can ride up and down the mountains, and you can get cargo planes and put cars inside, then fly them high above the country. The wingsuit is very fun to play with and get better at, and the grappling system has been much improved.The music is fantastic, and rivals Just Cause 2's soundtrack.The country, Medici, is similar to Panau in that it is extremely diverse. There are beaches, forests, snow-covered mountains, and sea. This makes traveling around the world seem much less deja-vu than it could have been. The towns and cities are beautiful as well, making you feel like you truly are in Italy. However, I believe that Just Cause 2 has the better world; there are more cities, more easter eggs, and less of the ""filler"" land in Just Cause 3.Overall, as a huge fan of Just Cause 2, I feel satisfied with Just Cause 3. The expreience has been amazing, and I think I will continue to play in this beautiful sandbox. Just make sure to unplug your xbox controller until you start to play!"
,Recommended,225540,19697841,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,CrazyCanuck,"OverviewI’ve played about 45 hours of Just Cause 3. In that time, I’ve done 54% of the challenges, liberated all provinces, found all collectibles and beaten the game.It has had its ups and downs, but overall, the game works. Yes, it stutters. Yes, it’s beyond poorly optimized, but it’s still a fun, if overly repetitive, game.I played this on an i7-4790k with 8GB of RAM and a GTX 980 Ti. After about two hours, the game would get stuttery, and the audio would stutter as well. Simple solution for me (not guaranteed to work) was to alt+tab out of the game, tab back in, and it worked fine for another couple of hours. Only twice did I have to quit out of the game and restart it to clear any stutter issues.That said, if you’re still interested in the game in its current state (as of this review), continue on. If not, perhaps come back to the game after a patch or two and decide if it is worth it for you to buy then.ProsJust plain fun to blow things up constantlyBig open worldLots to do (races, frenzies, wingsuiting, etc.)Opportunity to create unique situations with physics and the upgrades available to youFairly lengthy, will take you a bit to finishThe world looks very good on max settingsMusic and sound effects, for the most partLots of collectibles which reward unique vehicles or weaponsConsStory is as bland as it can get, and been done countless times before; same goes for the dialoguePoorly optimized; beefy systems will stutterRepetitive; not much variety to the bases or towns aside from new things being added (early bases may not have monitoring systems while later ones will, for example)Main story and upgrades become gated behind the challenges, which make them necessary as opposed to optionalCharacter models are bland, and enemies all look alike (regular soldier looks like every other, armored one looks like every other armored soldier, etc.)SummaryThe game is not without its issues. You could have a powerful system and still succumb to sub-30FPS without horrendous audio and visual stuttering. On the flip side, you could have a mid-range system and not have many issues at all.Taken without its issues, Just Cause 3 is still a fun game. It’s best played in chunks, because the repetition will tire you if you were to play it for hours straight.Finally, I recommend Just Cause 3 because when it works, it’s pure fun. There’s something to be said for arcadey games in today’s world, when a heavy focus is on strategy and realism, and with its insane explosions and aerial traversing, Just Cause 3 has arcadey in spades."
,Not Recommended,225540,28207960,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Master,"Pros:Big area, lots of exploringLots of explodingIt's fun to travel with grappler/parachute/wingsuit combinationCons:Sudden fps dropsModerately buggy(more about that below)Story is mehGameplay gets repetitive and boringDriving controls are bad, especially for carsSome of the glitches:-Loading time of the game is 60-90sec and it crashed twice before I could even start the game-In one mission I had to protect a convoy and the AI drivers just kept getting stuck here and there and it separated them, long story short it was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥-In another mission I had to shoot down attacking jets with a plane and the locking system didn't work, took me nearly an hour to figure out I have to verify integrity of the game cache, disable all gear mods and restart the game"
,Recommended,225540,31601617,Posted: 7 May,all,ole.noerby,"As Isaac Newton once said, ""There is no better way to break a fall than by grappling to the ground and reeling in to it."""
76561198036861805,Not Recommended,225540,29634189,Posted: 1 February,all,ulmosan,still full of bugs - a lot of crashes - even after 60 hours of playtime another random crash and the resulting corrupted savegame force you to start over. Great mechanics though - but to frustrating
76561198043899964,Not Recommended,225540,24400244,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Noobles,"How is it that DOOM runs flawlessly on my 8 year old computer with a GeForce 660 TI on high settings, but this game runs like Crysis on a Palm Pilot? Drops FPS constantly and when there are explosions (and a chance to crash completely). This is all on medium to low settings.Wasn't even worth the $30 bundled with Rise of the Tomb Raider. Wait til it's 75% off."
76561197992206547,Recommended,225540,30025202,Posted: 18 February,all,B00tsy,"I see a lot of mixed reviews on the store page, but I had a blast so far with my first (7 hour) run in this game.The game runs smooth at 60fps for me and I did not encounter memory leaks nor noticable bugs like many reviewers have mentioned. I did see a few AI glitches when they are at pop-in render range, but other than that it's all solid and smooth.It is basically an upgraded more polished Just Cause 2 game with a few new gimmicks and features. I liked the K/M controls layout more in JC2, but I got used to the new controls pretty quick. The only thing I don't like with the controls is that your character can't fall off a roof anymore. If you want to get of a rooftop then you have to jump, you can't just walk of it.Overall the game is an improvement to JC2, but there are some design changes in JC3 that I do not like that much. Specially that they have now locked away upgrades behind 'challenges' is a bit annoying. The old way of upgrading by creating 'chaos' was a lot more fun and was not seperated from the game like these new challenge locations.The graphics are nice too, it is more realistic themed (Italy) and the whole atmosphere looks more realistic than in JC2.I definitely recommend this game, if you liked JC2 then JC3 is a nice addition to have in your library."
,Recommended,225540,33732179,Posted: 22 July,all,Stalker Paukštis,"Would you like explosions?Would you like to be badass rebel?Would you like to cause mayhem and fight against dictator?Would you like to create havoc tethering objects together?Then Just Cause 3 is for you.Dictator seized nation of Medici for very valuable and powerful “bavarium” resource. And you play as Rico Rodriguez, who mission is to liberate Medici.JC3 story is mediocre and basic without any story twist. Some missions are more interesting while others just go where and there and destroy something. There’s not many of them because most of the time you will liberate cities, military outpost and bases for story progression. Liberate is simple, you need to destroy specific chaos objects like fuel tanks, radars, generators etc. In all the bases or cities there’s same chaos objects just different places and number of them. While progressing in JC3 you will unlock more weapons, vehicles for liberation so depending on your creative liberation can become repetitive. Upgrades are unlocked after completing arcade style challenges like (cars, planes, boats) time races, flying with wingsuit, destruction, shooting gallery.  Don’t forget iconic tether, you can have so much fun with it.  Also in this game, we don’t see that much of evil dictator Sebastiano Di Ravello, only his propaganda in the cities, but propaganda is everywhere so that doesn’t really matter. Because of this you don’t really know, who you fight against, why he’s so evil to people of Medici and why he should be killed. Last fighting and ending wasn’t very satisfying for me. Side missions is random encounters with rebels like to save them from execution, car delivery. DLC adds same new tools to your arsenal and focus on land, air and sea combat. Rocket boat and rocket wingsuit really helps in a main game, so I think DLC they should be completed during main game for having more tools to liberate Medici.But this game lack of proper video customization, and overall optimization. For example, after longer gameplay session games start to lag, crashes.I would recommend this game if you have great pc, don’t hate to look for solutions how to tweak this game for better experience and of course if you like to liberate nation and cause mayhem."
,Not Recommended,225540,20080992,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,cg.,"Such a superb game, but I can't recommend this game in its current state. It's been out for a month now, and there is still constant studdering and FPS drops that make the game completely unplayable. I'm actually really sad about how this turned out.EDITProfessorHojo of Square Enix has recommended following these steps to fix these problems. These seem to fix it for a lot of the community;1.	Launch JC32.	Open Task Manager (Ctrl+Alt+Del)3.	Go to ""DETAILS""4.	Find ""justcause3.exe""5.	Right click, set priority to ""HIGH""6.	Continue with next tweak.1.	Resolution -> ""Set it to your default monitor resolution""2.	""Anti-aliasing"" -> ""OFF""3.	""Vsync"" -> ""OFF""4.	""Water quality"" -> ""MEDIUM""5.	""Shadow quality"" -> ""HIGH""6.	""Lod radius"" -> ""HIGH""7.	Everything below ""Shadow Quality"" -> ""OFF"""
,Recommended,225540,19484433,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,CrazyBubba,"Good god this game is fun.The wingsuit is a blast, the explosions are fantastic, and against all of my expectations, the plot isn't terrible, and there are characters you can actually remember!Performance wise, the game is running very stable on my end.  I'm using an HD7950 GPU and a Xeon W3550 CPU w/ 12GB DDR3.If you liked JC2, you're gonna love this."
,Recommended,225540,19430330,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Flamefloor,"Honestly, I don't get the hate. This game is easily the best game I have played this year, the amount of fun I'm having exploding stuff up and exploring is growing all the time! Considering I can't write a review, I'll do a Pros & Cons thing right here.Pros:- Awesome gameplay.- Amazing graphics.- The storyline isn't actually terribad!- Sound effects.- Massive amount of weapons and vehicles.Cons:- Small graphical bugs, but not too gameplay impacting.- Apparently AMD gpu's are having some problems...- The driving. Just... no.- Some of the cutscenes and voicelines seem very forced.Edit: Yeah, yeah. AMD users are having problems and that means ""the game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible."" They're fixing it right now and you can play the game at some point. :)Edit 2: Just wanna say they really made the weapon combat simpler from JC2. You can't crouch or roll anymore. But yes, there's ""precise aim"". xd"
,Recommended,225540,32916540,Posted: 28 June,all,TomasytosLTU,Fantastic game. I would recommend to anybody who likes a lot of explosions and challenges.Pros:A lot of explosions.Rocket launcher with bavarium nukes?ModdableYou can have a wingsuit to fly around.You can download a just cause 3 multiplayer and play it with friends.Cons:A bit repetitive.But overall you can enjoy it as much as you can when you get bored download some mods.9/10
,Not Recommended,225540,28166465,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"The game itself is fun enough, but for 50 bucks, I expect a product to work properly.Alas, this game has too many bugs for my taste.First sniper frenzy mission ended with sniper scope being stuck, so the rest of the playthrough was in sniper scope vision, had to restart the game to get rid of it.Then at some mission I had to cross a bridge, bridge got destroyed, and mission failed because everyone drives down a broken bridge, restarts at checkpoint, everyone drives to their death again because the bridge didn't get fixed by restarting at mission checkpoint.After destroying a base, somehow the entire region stopped ""updating"", map refuses to increase resolution on zooming in. This wasn't just an issue with the map: also all targets from other bases look low res and can't be hit either, no soldiers spawned, everything was just dead. Again had to restart.And after another restart, keyboard and mouse stop functioning properly. Had to remove the gamepad and restart to get it working properly again.All in all, a bit weird to see these types of bugs this late after release.Also; the bloody login takes too damn long. But that's just a pet peeve.If you enjoyed the previous 2 JC games, and want to keep up with the next chapter of ""'splozions everywhere"", buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥when it's dirt cheap."
76561198116728599,Not Recommended,225540,19926586,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Slicyfood,"This game feels like a beta... besides the optimization problem that's been posted thousands of time, the game mechanics are barely improvement over JC2. If you want a TL;DR, skip to the end.Improvements over JC2:-AI is a bit better than in JC2. They attempt to hide and call for reinforcement when all of his friends were killed. AI also spawn tanks now so you actually have to be slightly more aware when tanks are around-explosion. This is a huge improvement over JC2, no question.-aircraft. Instead of having 2 similar combat planes in JC2 that had a machine gun and rocket, the air combat is a bit better because there's a more dedicated bomber for those who love to drop bomb, and a fighter craft that has guided missile that hit both air and ground.-more traffic. driving around make you realize Medicci is more populated than Panau-wingsuit, one of the selling point of this game-multiple grappler hook that you can force it to pull. now you can just cause helicopters to crash with a tether or 2-a few more guns/weapon than JC2, a bit more interesting choice for weapons than JC2, but that's mostly because of the 3 super weapon(airstrike, EMP, and mini nuke) that you can choose later on as you progress through the story.-doge mode(look up on youtube for this easter egg). ""much 2nd amendment"". LoLwhat this game did wrong:-no minimap. Like what was this development team thinking? Often you'd have to open up you map to see where nearby things are at, this is very painful. Also the lack of minimap made the AI a pain, which lead up to my next point:-AI spawn, is a PAIN in the butt. Basically when they removed the minimap, they made it so you cannot see where the military reinforcement is coming compare to JC2, thus 9/10 AI spawns tend to be not where you're looking, so often when you're fighting 10 guys and suddenly you realize you were shot behind. You turn around and see a combat jeep with 4 guys just spawn, despite that behind you is actually a friendly army base.-air combat. Yes I did mention air combat was an improvement over JC2, but that's because JC2 barely had any air combat(not including multiplayer mod). In this game, besides the main story, where the air combats are all scripted in the story, there is no aircraft AI for JC3. Getting your self to level 4/5 heat in a fighter or a bomber, and guess what? The game decide to spawn tanks for you to blow up. The game won't spawn fighter craft to engage you. So you can keep your dream for air to air combat till at least JC4(or unless someone can create a mod this).-DRIVING require fixing, especially for motocycle. You cannot control the motocycle with a keyboard at all, PERIOD. Even when you're driving straight, the tiniest bump will cause havok and make you lose control. Also applying the nitro booster on a motocycle and you're asking for a traffic accident.-challenges. Basically challenges are just tiny minigames, usually involved with time trial/explosion highscore... etc. However they're not particularly exciting to do, and often you need to retry, but the load time isn't particularly fast, which makes challenges some-what frustrating. Also challenges are pretty much manditory to do, because you need to do challenge to unlock gear mods(gear mods basically modifies certain mechanics, like giving you stronger grappling hook, more grenades to carry, giving nitro booster to rebel drop vehicles... etc), and to get maximum fun, you need those gear mods. Challenges should have been optional. Best get a mod to give you all the gears so you don't have to do them.-rebel drop. Basically rebel drop is the replacement to your JC2 equipment/vehicle request that Sheldon deliver to you, and they don't cost any credit(aka free, but this game don't have credit either). However 2 problems: rebel drop require you to first pick up a beacon, and second once you dropped your favourite vehicle/plane/boat, it goes on a LONG timer until you can drop that same vehicle again. Often your plane dropped somehow ends up 99% damaged and so not only you wasted a beacon, but your favourite plane is now on a long 30+minute cooldown. There is gear mod that remove the timer, but like I said, they're not really fun to unlock and it will take you quite awhile to unlock it.-always online. Yep steam DRM isn't enough, apparently you need to be online all the time to update the online leaderboard(that isn't even a global leaderboard). This ""always online"" not only can time-to-time kill your save file(if you didn't install your JC3 to the same hard drive as your windows O/S), drop your FPS, get spammed with people beating your record, and makes your loading longer. A temporary solution require you to put a firewall around your JC3.exe.TL;DR/summary:Anyways this game is a slight improvement over JC2, but it still has many problems to fix. I would not recommend this game at its current state. If you really want to play this game, then get it on 50% sale at least.Edit: I like to mention this is a soft negative as in this game can probably still fixed, but until it is done, I don't fully recommend this game unless its on a good sale(or fixed)."
,Recommended,225540,19563270,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,• Moayad,"Pros :+ Open World, Freedom to do anything you want or go anywhere you want.+ Fun gameplay, Pretty game!.+ Graphics for me is good not bad.+ Huge map!, a lot to explore.+ Everything in game is destroyable objects!.+ You can travel by Grappling hook, Parachute, Wingsuit (wingsuit navigates really smoothly and is very fun).+ A lot of weapons.+ Grenades and C4 ( c4 never ending ).+ Amazing Explosions!.+ Sound effects are high quality.+ You can steal civilian cars.+ Lots of models of cars, planes, tanks.Cons :-Have no options to change camera Zoom & FOV, which by default is very bad, limiting your visuals significantly ( also when you're in car ).-The car handling is even worse they're not fun to drive, same goes for bikes ( bad physics ).-Drop fps sometimes.and i would say thanks very much for add arabic language, we appreciate it :)My Rating : 9/10"
76561197996334783,Not Recommended,225540,25370605,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Vector Sprint,"Unlike Just Cause 2, the predecessor to this game, which was a very good game, ran very well, and had few stability issues, Just Cause 3 is rife with stability issues. It's evident that the game was developed on one of the home consoles, and then ported to PC, and that port was a halfhearted attempt at best. Despite releasing patches that should have fixed memory leaks, Avalanche's go-to answer for stability issues is still ""Upgrade your system to 16 GB ram."" Despite the fact that the recommended (not minimum, but recommended for optimal performance) specs are 8 GB of memory. And even then, upgrading to 16 GB will only ""prolong the period between crashes"".They seem to want to release all sorts of paid DLC, but seem to have very little interest in making sure the base game runs well before doing so. Because of that, I cannot recommend this game. Despite being what could have been the strongest entry into the franchise, the developers decided to make a console game, and then port it to the PC with a minimum of testing, resulting in one of Rico's most disappointing outings."
,Recommended,225540,19814001,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,HE SCREAM,There's something oddly satisfying about systematicly destroying military bases to make a little map fill in with the colour blue.
,Not Recommended,225540,33218849,Posted: 4 July,all,IG,"Just Cause 3 is a frustrating game,  because it has the potential to be such a great game, and in many ways you can find yourself enjoying this game, but it's clearly ruined by the fact that this game is clearly incomplete in many aspects. I really wanted to enjoy this game, and as I said before I have found myself enjoying it, but my enjoyment was outdone by my frustrations and disappointment.I seriously doubt the developers of this game felt this game was complete, but they were likely forced to meet their release schedule by the publisher.Why does this game feel incomplete? In the simplest terms the physics are downright bad, the mission design is poor, and the AI is horrible.PhysicsThis game has horrible vehicle physics, I haven't played a game where driving a car was just frustrating. The physics are just inconsistent, you have no way to predict how your vehicle will react to your inputs or to crashes simply because the game seems to be incapable of handing these aspects properly. If your car hits a slight bump you will likely lose control in ways you cannot conceive, if you hit a small runway light when trying to take off with your aircraft you're aircraft will do something as stupid as a 180 flip (This happened to me). The only managaeble way to drive a car or ride a motorcycle on this game is to strictly keep to the roads, driving off road is just not possible. And this is a big deal for a game with such a huge map this is mostly made up ofNOT ROAD.Even if you strictly keep to the roads, the vehicle controls of this game is just bad. The best way I can describe is as if your car is floating and is not actually on the road and the controls just feel unresponsive. Seriously, just drive a car in any GTA game (Ancicient GTA 3 from 2001 to GTA 5 from 2013 it doesn't matter) for five minutes and drive a car for five minutes in JC3 and the difference is night and day. GTA is an example of car physics done right, Just Cause is not. Driving cars in this game is NOT FUN.Mission Design and AII'm not criticizing the game for its plot (It's plot is poor but JC3 was never meant to have a serious plot). Simply put it, the missions are just BORING.Just Cause 3 manages to have mind numbingly simple mission design while still managing to have fundamentally broken missions.The mission designs are so simple that they wouldn't be acceptable for a low budget game from the Playstation 2 era. Most missions consist of getting to the marker placed on the map and killing some red targets or blowing up props (also highligted in red), but you never feel a connection of what you're doing in a mission to the plot.The plot is so shallow that you can hardly make a connection to the purpose of the mission to the plot. Why am I killing these people? I don't know really. Why am I hijacking this car? I don't know really. Why am I blowing up these satellites? I don't know really.The purpose of the mission is probably mentioned in one or two sentences in a one or two minute cutscene with the most shallow dialogue so it's really easy to miss. The fact that the missions are totally disconnected from each other and have no meaningful development from one to another doesn't help at all in understanding the context of the mission either. And the missions are over before you expect it because that's how shallow the missions feel, more often than not you're left with the ""oh it's already over?"" feeling.And with all this being said, I'm not even saying the missions need to be backed by some tangible plot, it would be enough if they were just fun by themselves. Instead most of the missions follow the same simple and repetitive design that it gets boring very quickly.And the game manages to have broken missions. The missions are broken because the AI is horrible. In many of the missions you rely on the AI (Like you manning the turret of a tank while your buddy drives it). But the AI fails in so many ways that you will fail missions for reasons completely out of your control. I have had AI drive their trucks off a bridge causing me to fail the mission, I've had AI get stuck between other AI or the objects in the world causing me to fail the mission.Another issue that occurs less often with the missions, but an issue nonetheless, is that missions can be vague on what you're exactly suppose to do so you're left to figure it out yourself. Basically, it makes it pretty apparent that some missions didn't have much play testing by an independent party because there are cases when what you're suppose to do is just not clear at all. This turns into a case of trial and error of failing and retrying the mission from your last checkpoint to figure out what you're really suppose to do.Basically what I'm trying to sayThis game is such a huge disappointment because it had the potential to be great. The develops created this huge map that is beautiful and they've clearly put hardwork into it with the focus being on experiecing this map through awesome explosions and mindless action... but the game is incomplete is so many aspects that eventually you're less and less incentivized to explore the map any further, you're less and less incentivized to complete the missions, and you're less and less incentivized to do crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥in this diverse map. A game with a great map that had the potential to deliver great experiences is basically ruined by the fact that this game is incomplete in many aspects. As of writing this review, I've put in 15 hours of just trying to enjoy the game, maybe because I'm nostalgic of Just Cause 2 and remember that to be a much funner experience, but I couldn't overcome my frustrations with the JC3 and I'm probably giving up this game for good, much to my personal disappointment.Can you still finish the game and enjoy it? Yes, there's still reason to be interested in the game, but you're going to have to TEACH yourself to overlook many of its flaws to enjoy its good parts. So if you still want to pick up the game, do yourself a favour and only get this game when it's on sale."
76561198251860752,Recommended,225540,31473020,Posted: 30 April,all,Papa Wolf,Make sure you have the right PC specs first
,Not Recommended,225540,19411203,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,kilasha,STOP MAKING ME LOG IN I ALREADY CHOOSE OFFLINE MODE!!!!!
76561198272900647,Not Recommended,225540,23477932,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,jaycobpittman,"Nothing but straight up lag, frame drop's rangeing from arround 45 at the most, and drops to 20-30 almost every 10-20 secconds...Awesome gameplay....when lag goes away...(Settings for game were on low everything)For people who say I have a ""slow pc""5960XMSI made Alienware X99 MotherboardTriple GTX 980 (nVIDIA OEM)16GB DDR4256GB SSD+ 4TB HDDWindows 8.1"
76561198074661529,Recommended,225540,28921458,Posted: 1 January,all,Sniper Wolf,"In terms of creativity this is a very successful sequel and a loving continuation of the Just Cause series. This game is totally gorgeous, fun and loaded with cool content. It’s just such a shame though, that there are some serious problems with the performance. The outstanding quality of the design work, makes it shocking, that it could have been released in such a poorly optimised state. As so much love and consideration seem to have gone into making it something special. However, it appears to be yet another example, of the economic side of things pushing the release date forward. Resulting in an incredible game with mediocre performance at best. The pricing and distribution of the DLC content also represents some shady business practises. Although again, from a design stand-point, this additional content is fantastic stuff.Following some tweaks which included making some changes in Windows 10. I managed to get it running, just well enough, to be able to enjoy myself. However I am still experiencing crashes, stuttering and poor framerate. I’m running it on a GTX 980, an AMD FX 8350 and 8 Gigs of RAM. Apparently it’s the RAM that’s the main problem, as there is a warning every time I start up the game, stating that my system memory is low. Typically however, my 8 Gigs of system RAM, is totally fine for gaming in 2016. Especially since I spent over 700 Euro to get a GTX 980 with 4 Gigs of VRAM.Basically, Just Cause 3 runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and you’ll need a powerful rig to get it running even moderately well. I have read online that if you have 16 Gigs or more of system RAM, it helps a lot but that is not normal. I get how people are angry about the performance problems but this game still deserves a lot of praise.  I’m going to recommend it because it is an example of how amazing videogames can be in 2016. Even though, the corporate money making side of the industry, seem to be determined to ruin things with short term thinking. If you have a decent PC, you can probably still get it running well enough to appreciate how incredible it is.Edit: I got some feedback in the comments and it seems like some people might also get 'okay' performance, on low to medium end PC'S, with low settings. This seems to be a bit random though, so maybe you should do some research before you buy.I said in the comments below, that 'okay' performance for me would be something like 45-60 FPS with occasional crashes and stuttering. This shouldn't really be acceptable with my GTX 980 but I still think the game is worth playing.Anyway, just know that you are gonna be compromising on performance, one way or another. It also seems to be a bit more of a gamble when you are using a lower end rig."
,Not Recommended,225540,23782212,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lonk,"Although the gameplay is absoulutly kickass and awsome,The optimization kills the game.-Constant Stutters-FPS Drops+WingSuitIm going to refund this game now.UPDATE: Seeing how I got a overwhelming amount of hate on this let me just say I can run arma 3@ 60 FPS When its clocked there. I can run Grand Theft Auto 5 On ULTRA Unclocked at 130 Frames. Its not my specs, its the games direct port to PC that made the Optimization trash."
,Recommended,225540,19551273,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,JoSer,"I don't understand all the negative reviews here, but maybe I am lucky to have a system where JC3 runs without hick ups, freezes, crashes or something like that.First of all I really liked JC2 but I played it on the XBOX360. This time I decided to go for the PC version because I was that much cheaper. And it was worth it. The controls are so much better with the Keyboard, especially when it comes to aiming (surprise!).I can only recommend the game for everyone who enjoyed JC2 as much as I did.The new tethering function of the Grappling Hook is fantastic and you ca do a lot of hilarious things with it.What I really like about Just Cause is, that it's my own decision how I travel from A to B. And most of the time I do that via Parachute, Grappling Hook and Wingsuit. The Wingsuit helps to travel large distances without the new for a plane or a helicopter.What I dislike? The cars! (That's why I don't like the GTA Series Games).But the cool thing in JC3 is that you don't need them, if you don't want to.----------------------------------Here are also my specs, hopefully someone can do something with that. If someone has the same specs and the game is not running in the same quality maybe I can help?OS: Win10 HomeGraphic: Zotac GTX970 / Driver Version: Nvidia Game Ready 359.06CPU: Intel Core i5 - 4690K @ 3,5GHzRAM: 2x8GB Corsair (CMX8GX3M2A1333C9)Motherboard: ASUS Maximus VII RangerVirusscan: AVAST Free Antivurs 10.4 (but in Game Mode)JC3 is set to 1920x1200 and everything to the max. FXAA active. The game is currently running from a normal 7200rpm drive, but the OS is on an SSD.What takes really long is the first time loading, but then it's normal."
,Not Recommended,225540,23794305,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MrBigRig,"Unplayable due to stuttering, even with a good PC :/Pity because its quite fun when it doesn't. Even with all the ""fixes"" i  found online, they just reduce the stuttereing slightly.can only recomend once the stuttering issue is fixed.*Edit*On Nvidia cards, turning on tripple buffering and turning up pre rendered frames in the control panel reduces a lot of the stutter(For me anyway).Still not a definate fix and i had to turn down basically all the settings.Specs:GTX 960 (2GB)Intel Core i5 46908GB of RAMWindows 10Game installed on a HDD"
76561198062908669,Not Recommended,225540,23689650,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,#RuskiLife,"Since I bought the game, it keeps crashing and it's unplayable"
,Not Recommended,225540,32682793,Posted: 23 June,all,LucyTheSuccubus,"Wow.What people say seems to be really true. The game actually sucks. Mainly because of its technical PC port issues.Because it was so cheap I thought, why not trying it once, probably most issues are fixed after 1,5 years anyway.Boy, was I wrong...Those problems I noticed in half an hour:- RAM got trashed for some reason and I had 100% Ram usage?! (16GB)- Game had problems finding the right solution- Borderless Fullscreen doesn't work- Long Loading Times- Anisotropic Filtering doesnt work- Performance sucks- Horrible English vocalisation- Stuttering in general + PC crash due to the RAM issueThe game beside of that seems just to be like JC2 but I think I prefer JC2. No extensive testing since I couldn't enjoy the game with the named problems I mentioned.Thats NOT how you do it Avalance and Square Enix.No recommendation for this game at all. Stay clear of it."
,Recommended,225540,19512327,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Supreme Executive Chairman Will,"Amazing! It's basically Just Cause 2++.+ More grapple.+ Better supply drops + fast travel.+ Interesting map (I prefer it to JC2).+ MUCH better upgrade system.+ Wing suit!+ THE TREES NO LONGER FOLLOW YOU WHEN YOU FLY OVER THEM!!!Negatives:- WHERE IS CLOUD SAVE???- I wish the camera could be set further away.- Where's the mini-map?- No ski resort.Runs good for me: i7, GTX670, 16GB RAM. Near max settings except texture quality (only got 2GB VRAM).Here's a vid of it running on high settings with these specs:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIaPPWCeWNA100% fun!!!"
76561197970712242,Not Recommended,225540,34521501,Posted: 26 August,all,ithaqua,"Great game BUT...and there are a lot of buts.I just lost a game with 63 of hours played because my machine hick-upped while in a menu and instead of Continue Game, the game decided to Start a New game and I lost all of my progress. It did not ask for a confirmation, it just deleted my progress. I really cant express how angry I am about this because there was NO GOOD REASON to design the game this way. Now 63 hours are gone. Poof. And lest you think I am an isolated case...do an online search, I am not alone.The save system is garbage.Having only one save is the dumbest, and greediest of all options. I say greedy because no one else can play while a game is in progress.There is no earthly reason for a PC game released in this decade not to allow for multiple saves. None. There is also no reason not to give the player easy control of these saves. This is not an MMO, even with the new addition, it is a single player game. Give us some damned saves!The key re-mapping is garbage and often resets itself. Seriously, what drugs were the designer on to think this was a good system? It is amature and embaressing.  And when you do reset a key, the screen jumps, so it's almost impossible to pick up where you left off. They went out of their way to make this a pain. Also, you can confirm this with an online search.This game crashes more than any other modern game I have ever played. About 1 crash per hour can be expected. And it is not a quick re-load either. Expect to be staring at loading screens a lot as you reboot the game. Jump off a mountain? Game crashes, look in the wrong direction? Game crashes? Find that base you were looking for? Game crashes. And it crashes randomly but always when you want it least. I am writing this well over a year past release and I am playing with all patches, it's still buggy as hell.The people who made this game obviously cared, the enviroments are beautiful and when it's not crashing the world is fun to explore, the combat is satisfying, and while the developer may have cared...the publisher did not. No progress was made to fix any of these issues since release. They got our money...now we can **** off.I cannot suggest you buy this game in the shape it's in. It was obviously a rushed port from console with little thought given to PC players.This is also the last game I will ever pre-order, been bit by that too many times and this is the last time. So that's it Square Enix, you were the company that pushed me too far when it comes to pre-orders. Proud of that?I no longer care if they make a Just Cause 4...I have learned my leason. I will be waiting to see if they have addressed any of these issues and even then I will wait for a sale. A game this shoddy requires the publisher be punished, even if that is in the future. I swear to not pay full price for another Square Enix game, they got me on this one, I will get them on all future releases.As a point of interest, I just finished playing Sniper Eltie 4 through, twice including all DLC, I will be playing it again. It is stable, user friendly and issue free. I wish other developers and publishers cared about their end users as much. The bottom line is that for the money there are much better games out there, games that are better implimented and that value your time as much as they do their own. The kind of crap design choices made for this game should NOT be rewarded."
,Recommended,225540,19872981,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,-=312th=- Revenant,Really enjoyable game. Despite all the bug reports from others my experience was that it rarely crashed and with the SSD loading times were acceptable.Played the crap outta this game and could not stop until the end. If you like explosions and open world this does it better than any.I will say the driving physics are too much on the arcade side for my tastes. I would have prefered that there was more depth and realism to the driving.I also don't like to have to create/login to other systems for stat tracking. I really don't give a crap if some kid just broke my record. Option to completely opt-out of stat tracking and non-steam login should be patched in.None of my complaints made the game any less fun to actually play though.
,Not Recommended,225540,24963131,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,SmaxxTheMtnDewLover,Runs like a horse with no legs
76561198028244339,Recommended,225540,26475148,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Billy Bo Baggins,"Pros,First off, the game is all of Michel Bay movies combined only with more explosions somehow. It has really fun guns and vehicles to blow up anything in your way! Second, mechanics are different and fun I could wing suit and grapple all day and not even do anything else. lastly, I have a GTX 970, 16GB of RAM, i5 3.4, with Windows 10 and the game runs maxed out with 60fps. (One thing I noticed is you have to have 16GB of RAM, if you do not the game is going to run terribly)Cons,First, like JC2 it has little to no campaign. (I wasn't expecting one) Second, The missions are repetative but they encourage you to take different approaches on taking over bases. Lastly, the game will dip in performace by going below 60fps if there are many explosions going on at the same time. (Which is most of the time)My opinion, 8/10The game is really fun with explosions, great vehicular combat, and interesting ways to travel the huge map. The down side is that it has no campaign, and the performace will dip every once in a while. Overall I give it a 8/10 just because it is a fun mindless game that no other game has done any better!"
,Recommended,225540,25600254,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ph!l,I personally love this game.Mad Max was awesome and this is Mad Max on steroids. Similar concept of expanding territory by taking over strongholds with sidequests. Just so much to blow up :))Warning: This game in store has minimum system requirements below what is required.There are tons of negative reviews for performance and framerate related issues.I would only recommend if you're using an NVIDIA card (at least to spec) and definately 16gb ram and not the 8gb they're recommending.9/10
,Not Recommended,225540,31977659,Posted: 26 May,all,Smegly420,"This game is good, I'm not going to deny that, the graphics are amazing, the mechanics are amazing and the concept is brilliant and it's really, really, really fun. At least for the first few hours. After a while, it gets rather boring. The story is really♥♥♥♥♥♥(in my opinion), the violence is really repetitive ( your only blowing stuff up ), everything looks the same and the DLC really doesn't add much. After a while, it just gets repetitive, you just do the same thing over and over again. I have an i5, a 1060 and 16GB ram, not the best in the world but I can run it a max with 60-100 FPS except for big explosions but for less powerful computers, it is very challenging to run, especially with 8( or less )GB of ram.All in all, it's a good game at first, there just isn't much variety in content and it gets very boring very quickly. The DLC isn't worth it and if you are going to get it, then get it in a sale because it's not worth £39.99 in my opinion."
76561198058287892,Not Recommended,225540,23740048,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Dingo636,"I heard this game was a♥♥♥♥♥♥port. I sincerely wanted it to work because I loved the second one, but I was mistaken. Three start ups and three crashes all within 9 minutes after 3 hours of downloading. That 43 GB certainly didn't go to optimization and bug-testing i can tell you that. Pass on this one."
,Not Recommended,225540,20486426,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,klokw3rk,can run witcher 3/fallout 4 on ultracant run this on low and crashes at the same exact point during the tutorialcant recommend this especially with the crippling DRM in this game
,Recommended,225540,32046861,Posted: 29 May,all,Anarchinine,"""Old Cause : Destroy Infrastructure""As someone who hasn't played the previous two JCs (will do), but has loved Far Cry and GTA games, I dived into JC3 with genuine interest but also some misigivigs regarding the plot and gameplay. In a way, my enthusiasm and my worries were justified. But not before I had a ton of err....anti-infrastructure fun.Plot - So let's get this out of the way first. The story is no tearjerker, nor one of those profound ones that leave you silent for the entire credit roll. JC3 doesn't take its storyline seriously, turning most NPCs into caricatures that you can almost predict will do this or that. Loosely, it's a ""defeat the evil king"" storyline with a lot of gags along the way. If you consider it for a moment, the game's basic premise is you must destroy infrastructure in order to overthrow a dictator. Along the way said dictator makes a few dic-tatorial moves, but you continue merrily on your sattelite dish and fuel tank destroying spree. Eventually you destroy enough to have a showdown with the dictator and game over. Like seriously, there isn't even an after party.So if it's a story you want, you're better off leaving this game alone. Though the stupid tropes don't really bore you out, and the game never imposes the story too heavily. So even for diehard plot fans, this game is tolerable.Gameplay - This is where the action is. As you'd have guessed, all you're required to do is destroy infrastructure. You're a one man demolition force, with outpost after city after military base filled with all sorts of hardware and fuel tanks. You get guns of course, helicopters (CS Navajo is love) and tanks to do all this. Fly in with your gliding gear, or drive in with a tank, or go all guns blazing on foot, choice is yours. Yet what sets this series apart is the grappling hook, which basically acts like Spiderman's threads. Reaching anywhere and everywhere is possible, blowing up things using tethers is possible and even kicking enemies in the chest while grappling them is possible. Oh, and tethering comes to cars and the cars to top of buildings is possible.Combined, they ensure that no two approaches to a base are the same. And this alone makes for the gameplay hours I put in. It's not as if the enemy is particularly bright or intuitive. In fact, the game kinda lets you dispose of them like ants - they're nine but not particularly difficult to take out. You'll die many times, including by flying straight into cliffsides, but it's not really that tough a game till the very end. And even if it is, you can always try a different route.Characters - Funny caricatures. Period.Overall rating - 4/5. The game could have provided a better storyline and some relatable characters. Still, they don't hang around because everyone knows - Rico Rodriguez is going to set all things ablaze!"
,Recommended,225540,29970244,Posted: 16 February,all,YoSpaceApe,"Great game!! Blowing **** up never gets old.Alot of peopIe say it's laggy, but I think you can take care of this with spending some time on the things that are making you lag. I had 20 fps in the beginning, but with some tweaking I got it to 40-50 (water has big impact on fps). You DO need atleast 8gb of RAM, otherwise it will lag hard, and that isn't fun ofcourse.For me this is a game where I always will come back to. I play this a game a few hours per week, and I still enjoy it. If its discounted, you should buy it!(My PC = GeForce 750Ti, 16gb RAM and i5 processor)"
,Recommended,225540,33814382,Posted: 26 July,all,M-Zoghi,"This is how video games should be, Blow everything up!Fun game, Poor performance."
,Recommended,225540,21902952,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Ushio,I used to have 1k hours on Just Cause 2... but this one a little bit better <3
,Not Recommended,225540,23311477,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Strike Commander Ausar The Vile,"This game is so unoptimized, that game made my bada** gaming rig into a crappy computer from the 90's10/10 would steal NASA computer instead"
76561198146621191,Not Recommended,225540,20575673,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,privas5887,"Terrible effort on the part of the developers to offer a quality port to the PC.  As always, the PC should undeniably offer a definitive version of a gaming experience, and as nearly always, we PC gamers are sorely let down.  This game should have offered SLI support and should  have been optimized to utilize the latest-generation hardware available from nVidia (the graphics processor company directly sponsoring featured tech in the game) but I suppose that's just too much for the lowly consumer to ask.  I requested a refund and was denied, even though I can count on one hand the number of hours I spent playing this game.  Absolutely farcical.  Don't buy until offered in a Steam Sale of epic proportions."
,Recommended,225540,31093291,Posted: 12 April,all,McBain,"decent game, gets repetitive when youre just liberating things over and over again"
,Recommended,225540,30359148,Posted: 6 March,all,Isador,This game is nuts.One immortal guy takes down everything.Unleash destruction and chaos across Medici to save its people from dictator Di Ravello.Perfect game for abreaction with lots of easter eggs.Only thing I didnt like were crash bomb challenges.
76561198016491836,Not Recommended,225540,19402773,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,"OH, HEY JOHNY, WHATS UP?",Apparently ground textures are Nvidia exclusive :(
76561198031248977,Not Recommended,225540,19411708,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Its in the soup,"Not at the current state of the game, unoptimized to the point were low graphics cannot give me stable fps"
,Not Recommended,225540,19412597,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,John3395,"Not yet, just wait for the first patch"
76561198018695823,Recommended,225540,28538230,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Dudesweet,"I love the Just Cause franchise sooooo much!!! It’s a game series that I can jump in and mess around without any rules stopping me and Just Cause 3 adds that exact same feeling to the series that i and many others love. But with love there also comes hate unfortunately.*I’m only reviewing the base game*Pros:-I personally loved the main story-The wing suit made me fall in love with it-The level of detail in the views is amazing-The Infamous dual tether mod is a main aspect of the game-You can upgrade your abilities instead of having everything handed to you in the beginning-Collectables like vehicles and weapon mods give me a bonus when I’m just messing around and discover a collectable is nearby-After all the settlements and bases have been liberated you can redo the hardest 1's in a different tacticCons:-I had to discover quite a few optimization techniques to make my game run smoothly (even on a good pc)-The driving of cars and bikes on a smooth road get their handling from fast&furious Tokyo drift-The main story missed out a lot of background info that many would like to know about even after getting the tapes which don't fill in a complete picture-The collectables in just the base game are too few for only a few items-I managed to finish the story, collect the collectables do all the stunt jumps, find and add all vehicles in game to black market, finish all but 3 gear mod challenges in only 14hrs spread out in the course of 1 week which was at 98% completion.(I decided to restart the game to resume the carnage XD)I could never hate the Just Cause series like many others do (for unknown reasons). I will buy and play any and all games that have that beautiful name ""JUST CAUSE"" attached to it.....why you may ask? .........just cause.P.S*If any Dev from just cause series ever reads this review.....keep up the good work and......... Try implement a multiplayer for the future games*Thank you"
,Recommended,225540,23114194,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,UnicornsOnLSD,Rico Fights the Di Ravello MalitiaDi Ravello Malitia stands for DRMRico fights the DRMDRM is a form of anti-piracy that also affects legit usersRico is fighting DRM for internet freedom10/10
,Not Recommended,225540,28549967,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Evel,"Until they patch the memory leaks, this thing isn't playable for more than 30 minutes without at least 16GB of RAM. It's a damn shame too, because the gameplay is fantastic, but I can't recommend it until they patch it"
76561198043820828,Not Recommended,225540,19438320,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Sekru,You know the pc port is pretty amazing when you can't even beat the fisrst mission because your framerate is stuck on single digits with a gtx 960.Avoid unless they fix the performance issues.
76561198141563565,Recommended,225540,30722354,Posted: 25 March,all,Jevans,"Just Cause 3, the third instalment of the Just Cause franchise. A game about blowing stuff up and wielding just about everything that could make you a bad♥♥♥♥♥ But is this game worth your time and money?The pros:A MASSIVE map.Grappling hook, Parachute and Wing Suit to help you traverse the map.Multiplayer mod that makes the game 10x better.Plenty of challenges to keep you occupied.A few Easter eggs.Multiple tethers to tie thing with – big plus.The cons:Poor handling for vehicles.Not as many vehicles as Just Cause 2.Random lag spikes – worst part about the game.Repetitive and mediocre storyline.Not many explorable insides of buildings.So is Just Cause 3 worth it? I think so. Overall it’s a better version of Just Cause 2 (which is always good) and there is plenty of creative things that you can do. There is also the multiplayer mod which makes the game waaay better and broadens the possibilities of thing to do even further. So I would recommend this game, but make sure to get the multiplayer mod."
,Not Recommended,225540,19413493,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,AT24™,"GET RID OF THE ♥♥♥♥ING LOG-IN SCREEN AND I CHANGE THIS REVIEWupdate:funny how some kid cant accept that i hate some part of this gamenow u listen here, brat- i bought the game- with my money, unlike you who's still milking ur parents- i hated some really annoying part of it- i gave it bad review- end of storynow stop acting like such a badass keyboard warrior #burn"
,Not Recommended,225540,29971412,Posted: 16 February,all,The Outsider,loved the second one i was happy that i finally bought it but the performance is just bad and keep crashing even if i lowered the setting to the minimum
,Recommended,225540,25865816,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Fayt,Pure gameplay this game is awesome however do not buy it unless you have an excellent gaming computer or else you will regret it
,Not Recommended,225540,20918754,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Ulfhednar,"I'm not gonna go on about performance issues (because I had extremely few of them) and I'm not gonna go on about precious elitist SLI support (because honestly, who really cares?). I am however gonna mention the extremely short main story and the serious lack of content in this game.I've played through the entire game and it's WAY too short. Why create a vast open world then have absolutely nothing in it but a few main quests? Just Cause 2 felt like it was 5 times bigger! There's absolutely nothing to do after you finish the main story line. Sure, I could do a about a hundred arbitrary repetitive challenges but where's the fun in that? They're all the same. I don't think it's too much to ask that a game like this would be filled to the brim with side quests or multiple story lines/factions like in JC2.I think I wasted my money to be honest. Unless there's a huge cheap DLC for this within the year, this review is not gonna change."
,Not Recommended,225540,23986034,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,N-Nani?!,"Avoid this game, unplayable at the moment. Avalanche, please fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥up"
,Not Recommended,225540,25679758,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Pywackett-Barchetta,"Just Cause 2 set an impossibly high bar; I remember back in high school, talking with friends about how years from now, Just Cause 3 would be, like, the most fantastic game in existence if it ever happened. Imagine JC2 with even better hardware, and physics, and detail! Who'd ever need another game at that point?Alas, it wasn't to be. This isn't terrible, by any means, but I'm just kinda shocked I can't really recommend it. The gigantic map full of towns, cities, gas stations, and other such destructible things is now replaced with one that has lush, gorgeous greenery and beautiful coastlines... and huge empty spaces full of nothing. There's much, much less to destroy, which in a game expressly about destroying, is pretty damn sucky.The game's new additions are primarily locked behind boring, padding challenges that are best played by immediately ignoring their rules somehow. For instance, a challenge that sees you destroying an enemy harbor with a boat is most easily solved by setting up a ton of tethers and explosives, setting them all off at once, and, uh... never getting in or near the boat. Some of these are pretty fun, like the wingsuit challenges, but making them more mandatory than JC2's mostly decorative challenges made themfarless enjoyable. It feels like busywork.The physics are phenomenal. This game is a magnificent tech demo. No pre-rendered destruction like before; every little piece crumbles apart. Water towers no longer simply burst in a convenient shower that masks the tower having its model replaced with a broken version, but now can be wrecked from any angle, including prying apart the individual supports until it topples to the ground. This level of detail is absolutely magnificent and I highly appreciate it. However, it feels like the game map is made so much more barren to compensate for this. When you're on a roll bringing down a base, you'll feel like an absolute badass like you should, and it takes skill and finesse now to pick everything apart during a firefight. Handily, those little extra pieces towards the end that are hard to find now get marked on your map.But despite so much of this feeling right, it feels like... I dunno. It feels like a tiny fraction of what Just Cause 2 was. Like it's not done. I have none of the DLC and that's really felt. You really aren't just, like, a tiny superhero in a massive playground of destruction. You're forced through a long degree of story missions, despite much of my praise for JC2 being, well, not bothering with that crap. Most of the game is story instead of sandbox, structured missions instead of whatever you want to do, exact sets of collectibles instead of general boosts. It's a game design step in the complete wrong direction from its magnificent predecessor.(And this is personal opinion, but I find the game's constant, agonizing insistence of Rico being a beloved hero that does no wrong ever to tug on my suspension of disbelief way, way harder than just accepting that blowing everything up is okay normally. You're telling me that the base I just nuked from orbit, wiping out an entire mountain, was only staffed with evil military dudes, AND there's a convenient repair crew that'll undo all the damage I cause, AND the police station I am very clearly walking into with a rocket launcher and killing everyone in is conveniently replaced by armed men expressly chosen by the general I'm up against, AND I can intentionally run people down on the street and nobody will even care... I have a much easier time believing Gamera is a friend to all children and nobody in Townsville dies.)I mean, there's a hell of a lot that's a positive about this game, but it's just structured badly and takes itself far too seriously, when its predecessor had neither issue. I would almost recommend it just to kill an afternoon or two, but the most damning thing here is that when I finish a game I enjoy, I tend to replay it again and again. I finished Just Cause 3 several months ago. I have not booted it up at all since. It's just not worth the time. Just Cause 3 had an impossibly high bar to live up to, and apparently it really was impossible, because it's this good and still just not good enough."
76561197975288687,Recommended,225540,29984647,Posted: 17 February,all,de_dUKe,"..Get the settings right for your machine and follow the optimization guides properly, cross your fingers and hope for good fortune...and if you find that sweet spot....this will be one of the very best games in your collection.....The biggest and best free world action game there is..10 times bigger enviroment than GTA V, more destructibles than all the Battlefield games, more seamless action than Fallout and bigger explosions and with more chaos than all these games put together.....and I havent even mentioned the game mechanics yet which are superb...the run and gun style performs perfectly, the AI is smart enough to be a challenge, missions are varied and work well but its the sense of freedom in this game that set it apart from most free roam games.. from the beginning, the whole world is open to you and you won't break the story or disrupt the flow by exploring the whole place first.....What makes this huge and varied world so thrilling to explore..? What allows you to cause such destruction and escape unscathed like some Quentin Tarantino style superhero..?!! The grappling hook and wingsuit setup..!! It is absolute genius and works wonderfully well, incredibly fun and rewarding and it is worth the price tag alone.... you will want this combo in every other action game you play... to offset this tho is the driving mechanic which is weird to say the least.. this is not a driving sim but trust me, you wont wanna be stuck on the ground anyways....JC3 is currently on sale at 75% off...try this game..!! if you get it optimised in the 2 hours trial period you'll never look back...if not you can always get a refund....but you will always miss that grappling hook..))..One of the very best games in my collection.. 9/10....i7 6700k,GTX 1070, Gigabyte Z170x Gaming MB, 16gb DDR4, Windows 10....Ultra settings @70-90fps..."
,Recommended,225540,19563144,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,liker,Лучший индийский боевик
,Not Recommended,225540,20245236,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,howlingmadpanda Mk. II,"In its current state, I cannot in good conscience recommend this game to most players. Do allows me to outline my issues in a nice list below:Major Issues:Garbage Performance -- I, like many others have had absolutely atrocious performance in this game. To clarify, I do not have an AMD processor or graphics card and have been able to run JC 2, Minecraft, CS:GO, and Far Cry 4 on full settings without any lag excluding minor and infrequent occurences. On lowest performance this game will launch and can run, however, FPS is always pretty damn low, fuel tank explosions almost stop the game from working, and sometimes certain towns and bases give random unexplained lag in addition to the random crashes and unstable exiting of gameRepetition and tedious chores -- The repetition of towns and whatnot was a major issue in JC 2, something we all thought would be addressed in ""3."" While this game has more variety and beauty, it is hard to enjoy with the combined lag and I am forced to complete almost the same exact missions for Dimah to disable these ♥♥♥♥ing FOWs. After the first few missions on Insula Dracon the game becomes completely repetitive. Not to mention we are forced to complete missions to get certain equipment.Soldiers and AI: The AI is absolutely atrocious seeing as though it will drive flaming vehicles, think it can drive a tank on a cliff, and fly a heli with a minigun directly in front of a heli with missiles. The AI is absurdly bad at finding Rico and doesn't really do much but pat people down and stand around staring at Rico. The soldiers do eventually become absurd and prevent the player from really doing much with the resources they are given.Pros of the game:New weapons and tools: The tether, wingsuit, and variety of guns and vehicles are immensely helpful and more interesting than JC2Potential in story: The story has a huge potential, include the Bavarium nonsense, but I still feel that it was relatively unexplored and made to be highly cookie cutter and repetitive. Something interesting could have been done with the story, but instead the devs oped for the typical ""we cannot let most glorious resource into bad hands, must kill bad guy and destroy. ALL YOUR BAVARIUM ARE BELONG TO US, SO WE CAN DESTROY AND HELP HUMANITY!"" Nevermind the potential benefits of such a material.Destruction potential: With this game, we are given the tools to do absolutely amazing things and to have great fun. Unfortunately, the cons that I outlined above make this very difficult.Better AI than JC2: Although sub-par, the AI in this game makes an effort to call reinforcements and is reasonable. In JC 2 killing any enemy or shooting anywhere got heat. Here, if you kill all enemies and prevent reinforcements calls, nobody comes and heat disappears. It is also apparent that I can shoot on a mountain now and not have the enemy airforce deciding that random trees are in need of protection.The game appears, at first glance to be open and expansive, and it appears that the player can destroy anything, but it quickly becomes clear the player can only destroy certain bridges and chaos items. Only new items to be destroyed are fluorescent lights, speakers, billboards, and bridges. That being said, I appreciate the hard work of people at square enix, this game is a blast when it runs correctly. That being said, the performance and obvious shortcomings of the game must be addressed eventually. It performance alone were fixed, I would give a positive review, but the other minor issues combined with performance make this experience far less enjoyable than it should be. Still, I have faith that the dev team will attempt to solve many current problems and perhaps issue some updates addressing lag and perhaps adding more towns, items, destruction, and maybe even multiplayer.EDIT: I need to make note of several things: Military bases make no ♥♥♥♥ing sense. Surely each base should have some radar system for early warning, but bases have random stuff and aren't specialized. There are no giant radar arrays, or fuel refineries, or naval bases, or even major airfields, just bases with a random AM antenna and three identical doppler radars so close to eachother that they wouldn't benefit whatsoever. In addition, it still makes no sense that random distillation towers and fuel tanks are just sitting in military bases -- nothing is specialized, just random stuff. This game also seems to lack the ability to properly handle the objects it creates as RAM usage shoots up through continued gameplay. If I wanted stuttering and slow response times I would have turned on the presidential debates."
,Not Recommended,225540,20045049,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SKD-007,Regret buying. Crap game. Just new texture and old game with crap car handling and physics. Its just feels like moded and retextured Jc2:(The game is not optimized for PC. My PC has AMD 1100T x6 processor and 280X AMD GPU.I realized game runs smoother at higher res. 1920x1080 is more choppier compared to 2530x1440. GPU usage is like 55% and some places it goes up to 60% and all 6 cores are not used 100%. First core runs at 35 to 65% and sometimes all cores are at 65 to 70%.I have finished 65% of the game but really a nice game messed up big time thanks to poor optimization and poor car handling.
76561198023363251,Not Recommended,225540,19465622,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Leonne,"From all the developers I thought Avalanche Studios would never have performance problems because Just Cause 2 was the best optimized game I've seen, it ran amazing in crap computers but just cause 3 runs like crap in above recommended computers.Very disappointed"
,Not Recommended,225540,23029891,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Glueman,"Game is a blast to play, when you can play it.Almost 6 months past release and it still runs like trash. It also causes my PC to give me boot errors any day after I play it.  MSG:V and GTAV ran smooth as silk out of the gate for me, what is the problem here?If they manage to fix it, it may be my favorite game of all time. But in it's current state, using the wingsuit makes me want to throw my PC when it starts hitching."
,Not Recommended,225540,20056660,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Keegs,"Fun game ruined by overprotective always online DRM (that literally takes 5 seconds every time you pause the game and fails half the time), and terrible optimization, Oh and the day one DLC. Instant refund for me."
,Not Recommended,225540,23025595,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Irish Water,Don't you just love it when you pay £40 for a game and 5 months later you still can't play it #AMDOwnerProblems
,Not Recommended,225540,20045083,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Zaeex,"Just Stutters™ 3Well, as much as I would love to play and beat the game as I've done with Just Cause 2 on both Xbox and PC, you just can't. Running the game on 60fps+ on very high settings the game just stutters. Which is unfortunate, as the gameplay is fun."
,Not Recommended,225540,19446056,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,DaddyDoomBar,"Starting to get VERY fed up with devs releasing unfinished games. The game itself is brilliant, it just runs like a pig. I don't have a high spec system, but I can run SW: Battlefront on High at a solid 60fps. This turd is so unoptimised and poorly coded that it ran at 60fps on high last night, then tonight it ran ok but crashed. After restarting it cant even reach 20fps with the same settings. Even with everything on low or off it's still EXACTLY the same frame rate.The lip snch goes out on every single cut scene, then catches up, then goes again.The frame rate goes from 60 to 20 randomly for no reason, but during massive explosions and shed loads of chaos on screen, it mostly copes fine. I'd expect with this amount of stuff going on it will drop of a few frames when things hot up, but it doesn't do too badly. It just randomly slows down with no obvious reason.So dissapointed as it seems like a really good game.Just cannot recommend it until they've fixed it. But then I thought that about Arkham Knight...Just to clarify on a few points -My system exceeds the minimum specs. Why would I complain about a game that runs badly if I dont meet the minimum specs.....? As I said, I changed everything to the lowest settings and it still ran the same, whereas the day of release it was on high and ran fine.I do know whats involved with coding a game. What I also understand is that money men get int he way of deveopment and demand the game is released before its been fully bug tested. It happens all the time. A few games are managed really well and make it out the door brilliantly - SW: Battlefront being the best example I've ever seen. And no, I wouldn't say JC3 is any more demanding specs wise than Battlefront. Yes, JC3 has more explosions and is a tiny bit more CPU intensive, but have you seen Battlefront on high settings? It's flippin beautiful. But more importantly, this is a AAA game made by experienced devs a good few years into a console's life, and with previous PC experience, I expected more.As for the running like a pig similie - i'd look up the word first if I were you. It's a figure of speech. And yes pigs do run quite quick, but when did you last see them running consistently for a long period? Hence the fairly accurate simile....Also I never said it was easy to make video games. But DICE managed it without lousy code with Battlefront. Yes lots of games are released these days with game breaking bugs - I still cant play Fallout 4 in my native resolution due to a bug and Arkham Knight still isnt fixed. But this will keep happening if we all just keep accepting it and saying, ""Oh well, it'll be fixed at some point I suppose...""I did also say that the game itself seemed great. If they do fix all the bugs quickly I'd recommend the game wholeheartedly - I'm really enjoying what I can play of it.And lastly - no game should be released with this many bugs. Yes I understand that many arent having problems - but many are and it seems to be the code at fault - not many complaints can be put down to rigs not meeting minimumspec/driver updates etc."
76561198111281481,Not Recommended,225540,20489340,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,SgtJaffa,This is a great game just it needs alot of optimizing as the game doesn't run  as it should.
76561197976282702,Recommended,225540,30024694,Posted: 18 February,all,MasterGono,"I have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ system (GTX680, I5 2500 K 3.30 GHZ, 8GB RAM). After reading through all the comments I expected that the game would run very slow - or not at all - on my PC. Now that the game is on sale I thought I would give it a try ....and it runs great, I am VERY suprised that my old system can display this gorgeous amount of detail...especially when something is blown up.And the game is so much fun! I saw a lot of people comparing it to GTA. Imo you can't really compare these titles apart from the fact that you can drive all sorts of vehicles in a open world, becauseGTA offers:A great story, great characters, awesome dramaA VERY detailed and unique map, not a single spot seems to be looking the sameDecent driving physics, beautiful car modelsJust Cause 3 offers:Explosions, detonations, flames, people flying up into the sky all around you. THIS is madness.A huge world to explore...with always repeating patterns of tasks, buildings and landscapes (which can partially be nice if you just want to relax).The story will probably make you smile from time to time, but don't expect more.In case anyone else want to try this: I simply turned down the water and shadow quality to low, turned off motion blur, and changed the resolution from the (for my system) recommended 1280x780 up to 1920x1080. Then I started the game - and the quality of the effects left me speechless in front of my screen.Okay, if you would excuse me now please...just one more explosion. Just one more."
,Recommended,225540,34258455,Posted: 15 August,all,вιgвangreχ,"Just Cause 3 is one of the biggest mixed bags I've ever seen, everytime it does something good it does it REALLY well, however everytime it does something bad... oh god is it bad.+The game looks fantastic, the water looks amazing and I just want to dive straight into it! The models are brilliant, animations are full of life, the environments are just wonderful, hands down one of the best looking open world games I've ever played, it easily beats GTA V from the varied enviroments alone.-The game is full of performance issues, many people suffer with graphical glitches which can be annoying, to game breaking.I currently suffer with 2, one where sometimes the water appears to be bouncing, while not affecting gameplay it can hurt your eyes if looking at it long enough.And one where the map stops loading properly and you can go through buildings and even the floor, thankfully it can be fixed by restarting the game.+Lots of options of getting around including driving, flying, gliding, parachuting, boat rides, hitchiking rides of other vehicles, honestly this game is full of vehicles and other options of getting around, I love it!-Driving physics are total garbage but still managable, even then the only land vehicles your gonna use are the Super cars, tanks and DLC mechs. But even then Rico with his Hooks, Glider and Parachute render driving useless.Boats are 110% useless unless your going from one island to another and if you don't have an aircraft, and the only good boat is locked behind DLC.Flying vehicles are the only ones not totatly useless, and are quite fun to use! I really enjoy the Jets because you can do airstrikes, and I mean proper airstrikes! That never happens in open world games and it's great to see!However flying vehicles are kinda rendered useless with the Jet Suit you get from the Air DLC.+The game is full of humour and memorable moments, my personal favourites is when you take out a military base, and the propaganda radio says something like ""Yea we are destroying it to make a water park, our General is so kind!""Rico is also a great character and so is the main bad guy, along with Sheldon, the propagnda guy, Mario and Looch too, I enjoy all 5 of these characters a lot.-Other then that, nobody else stands out, some do have good lines here and there, but a lot of what they say is copy and pasted from flims and games.+The Ai is dumb and can lead to funny moments-The Ai is dumb and can lead to boring moments, ♥♥♥♥ up missions even though you did nothing, and end up getting you killed by driving into you by accident, the amount of times I failed to do a mission because a Civ Ai ran over the Ai with an objective is annoying as hell.+One of the most fun games I've ever played-One of the most frustrating games I've played due to unbalanced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, the final mission in the Air DLC is a prime example, and sometimes the enemies just bombard you with an endless supply of rockets, leaving you NO time to escape and recover health.+/-Most of the DLC is fun, like the Land, Sea and Air packs and add a lot of stuff to the game, but the missions are very lack luster and the rewards just make the game easier, plus the other DLC are just crap because...They're already existing vehicles in the game but with a gun ontop of them... they should be for free you greedy ♥♥♥♥s.They're outclassed by Rico himself onfoot or by other weapons/vehicles.Plus some stuff you do get is borderline broken, like the Eden Spark you get in the Sea Heist, to be honest the DLC feels very Pay2win sometimes.Overall is it fun? Hell ya, but good lord does it have issues."
,Not Recommended,225540,35025434,Posted: 17 September,all,xrajishx,Poorly optimised. Biggest issue is the memory leak. You cannot enjoy playing this game if you have 8 GB RAM. This is the worst performing game I have ever played.
,Not Recommended,225540,19421446,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sasper,Inwanted to like this game so badI really liked jc2 and though this would be amazing as well but it isn'tFrames are all over the placeOn low at 720p i get between 15-25 fps on ground whith combat.Freezes all the timeChallenges are not fun to doOnline takes way to long to connectServers keep disconnecting me and have to wait for a solid minuteCrashes allotFirst 6 houres no problems had but after the first 6 it kept crashing on random points during missions and walkingCar handeling is awfull they're not fun to drive at all same goes for bikesPlanes are fun doeControlles are weirdI keep throwing grenades because i think that f is grappleAnd if i rebind it to f i can't use the rebel drop or anything else because alle the controls decide to remap it selfWorld looks really niceNice colours and design of the mapWould wait till they fix the issues and then buy it
,Not Recommended,225540,19421467,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Doombox,"A mixture of poor performance and always online DRM has crippled an otherwise enjoyable sandbox.It's also far too expensive, for what amounts to a completely hollow (if enjoyable) toy.I managed to 100% the game in 35 hours, which is just rubbish for such an expensive game in such a large world.I'd recommend getting this in a sale, because it's fun but there's not a lot there.EDIT: I Recommended this game for a ""woah dude"" award - it does deserve some credit for being really shiny and very cool."
,Recommended,225540,19401826,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Hobo of Rivia,"Amazing attention to detail, runs constantly above 80fps for me, everything on ultra 2560x1440 resolution, 980Ti i7-4700. Great fun, hones in on the crazier side of JC2 with polish and fluidity you'd expect from a sequal, definitely recommend.Edit: I will be adding to this review as I play the game, currently for me there are no issues with the graphical side of things but I understand that a lot of users are receiving framerate problems...People have been asking for my full pc specs, for those who wish to know, here you go:EVGA GeForce GTX 980Ti Superclocked Gaming ACX 2.0+Intel Core i7-4790K CPU @ 4.00GHz8.00Gb DDR3 1600Mhz RAMSamsung 850 EVO 500Gb SSDSamsung 5400 RPM HDDRunning Windows 10 on an Acer XB270HU monitor with a native resolution of 2560 x 1440, 144HzHope this helps!"
,Recommended,225540,21630625,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,VandeGarde,"I’ve read the bad reviews, I’ve read the good reviews. Thought ‘what the heck, I had so much fun with Just Cause 2’ and bought the game. There are some things that felt better with 2, there are some things that feels better with 3.  It’s not a big difference. This one feels easier and personally for me I would have liked it a bit harder. But maybe it’s because I have a lot of hours in 2 and I know what’s expected of me.  All in all it’s fun blowing up things, shooting the bad guys and completing the missions.I really like that you can compete with your Steam friends in a lot of challenges. You see their scores when you do them and they get a notice when you beat their scores. And there are a lot of them. It makes you retry them and it’s really satisfying after trying and trying again to beat their scores knowing they get a notice they’ve been defeated…….losers!.....  : )  Lots of hours of fun ahead and I just started.So in short. If you liked playing Just Cause 2 and felt sad when you ended it ‘cause of all the fun….here’s your treat.  By the way, I have no problems with crashes or gameplay with my Nvidia card. Everything works fine.  I’m having a good time and a lot of laughs so far and it seems that it’s going to be this way for a lot of days ahead playing this game. Play it, shoot me if I’m wrong."
76561198149397415,Not Recommended,225540,24959159,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,amattcline,Seems like a really fun game... if i could play it for more than 10 min at max before it crashes.... i just want my money back at this point
76561198011611342,Not Recommended,225540,19597717,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Server,"Awful stuttering and frame drops even on the lowest settings. Right now, it's not in a great state. Wait till a couple of patches come in to fix this.And yes, I am on Nvidia. This is inexcusable."
,Not Recommended,225540,19525403,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,DrJimShorts,"The game is entertaining, just like its predecessors. However, the performance issues that are present at the moment makes it difficult to enjoy the game thoroughly. As others have noted, FPS drops and memory leaks are big issues. I hope the developers will come with a fix as soon as possible. At this moment I can't recommend it. I am using an Nvidia gpu."
,Recommended,225540,32924764,Posted: 28 June,all,Yair3230,"A Combination of Michael bay, GTA and Spider man."
,Not Recommended,225540,19421431,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[FR]DragonApex,"TL;DR?:simply: Square Enix & Avalanche Studioshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y90MYtGI-20level/gamedesigner watched too much micheal bay films hoping badly made minigames would be fun to us even if we are forced to play them.and we are just forever waiting a patch.EDIT: 03/12/15the game is still full of sheet (if you know what i mean, thanks steam) still no day one patch, it's like we're playing on a high budget steam's early access video game.So beside the overall dumshit that Square Enix & Avalanche Studios decided to sell us i noticed more major flaws in the gameplay... To the level/game designers & game programmers: thanks to have really f@cked up this just cause title :,)remember the lame and horribly boring races we had in just cause 2 ? now you need to do them to unlock special abilities, i'd say the wingsuit ones are made to break your pc. Why, try to have the 5 ""gears"" to it, if you do, welcome in the hardcore try harding gamezone.let's talk about the races, the ones with cars... I had one with a freacking dead and rusty middle east type of cars... You'd tell me it's for the lulz, no, the level designer found it funny to have 2 huge laps with a car that can only go to 10 mph, GOD! so lulzy!i paid 50 euros for that and i played too much to get a refund... Dear lord what have i done? :,calso you have the destruction minigame, anything is going ok BESIDE the one you have to do EVERYTHING with your grapping hook... Level designers = genius.... Why? try to take down everything with your grapping hook under 2 minutes and without your grenades, well it's almost impossible (after i didn't upgraded my grapping hook... but i believe it doesn't really impact it since the levels just lack of barrils :) )then you have the shooting range which is ok... But please, again, let's make this boring as f-k, seriously, they make horribly hard wingsuit races ♥♥♥♥ and then shooting ranges needing 0% of skill to get all the gears...Also i love competiting with guys i haven't in my friendlist ""xX_♥♥♥♥ITER_Xx took the 1st place"" it's like we're on facebook, you don't talk to them, you don't know them but they remind you they exist somehow... Competiting with my friends is ok... But please... Not random stanger with dumb as f@ck usernames...Well i think this will be final but... it's a just cause... 50% ♥♥♥♥ed up.I still wouldn't recommend.-------------------------------------------------------------------first critic-----------------------------------------------------------------Well what to say about this...Eager as ♥♥♥♥ as usual for a Just Cause video game, once again i'm shocked how the video game industry is turning a video game that was used to be released glitch-less to a video game that is now released full of♥♥♥♥♥♥come on!huge drops of framerate on an Nvidia 980 4GB.like how is this possible, it looks like ARK survival evolved on its realease... OH WAIT!Square Enix & Avalanche studios done that!seriously... Also multiple horrible sound glitches when you click on a button in the menu, when you open the menu, when you quit the menu.... Well a UI coded with the♥♥♥♥♥GG WP!anyway, let's get out of the ""Day one"" problems (and i'm waiting the update so move your @-ss SE.)Seriously about the game itself... It... Rocks? i can't tell with  all the glitches, the time Rico takes to get up, the difficulty of the game sometime, the loadings taking around 1-2 minuts, connecting to SquareEnix♥♥♥♥♥, the horribly annoying ranking system that they added attemping to make it multiplayer...Holy s--it multiplayer... Why did they bothered to create this dumb ranking system if you can't play with your friends!! it's like: ""look we can't do that, and since we are useless let's create an innovative multiplayer experience... Push notifications of your friend's action, so smart! so fun!!""It looks like they don't learn from their mistakes. Again we'll have to wait 3 years until some talented developper creates an online mod (""look we are so lazy we have to let the community create its own multiplayer, now brb i need to bang in my money pool"")i have to say i'm really disapointed, i'll kill it off, after all it's a Just cause, i'd lie if i hadn't major lulz in this... Yet i'm not impressed and i'm disapointed about the general looking of the game, 36GO, it's like i'm playing with 15GO which are corrupted.anyway, for now i wouldn't recommend it, seriously save your dollars, wait few weeks then buy it.ps: wingsuit, really? they tried in far cry 4, and look in third person it' still horrible to control."
76561198163476780,Recommended,225540,31125144,Posted: 13 April,all,PhantomKestrel,"Just Cause 3 is a great game that always makes you feel like you're in an action movie. Driving off of cliffs after being in a car chase, climbing to the roof of your vehicle and then leaping off at the last second to grapple onto a nearby helicopter. This game was a lot of fun and exhilarating to play. Taking over bases can get repetitive if you don't change your tactics or vehicles and weapons you're using. But overall a would recommend game."
76561198091846579,Recommended,225540,29136536,Posted: 9 January,all,FloppyCorgi,!!!WARNING!!!DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE A BAD COMPUTER
76561198048969858,Not Recommended,225540,23801912,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,cody503,"This game is great, they made a very great game and i mean it is badass but it is just poorly optimized."
,Not Recommended,225540,29972823,Posted: 16 February,all,followRB,Bad optimization
,Not Recommended,225540,34749203,Posted: 4 September,all,:thinking:,"The amount of time I had to spend looking for fixes for this game for it to actually run was not worth the amount of money I paid. Unless it's on sale, Just Cause 2 is an honestly better purchase.Especiallywith JC:2 Multiplayer"
,Not Recommended,225540,19436027,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,teabagjohn,Great game with serious performance issues. Runs fine for the most part but some effects and other random stuff seem to impact the framerate a lot. I use a gtx970 and sometimes drop down to 20fps. Loading times are pretty long if you don't use an SSD. On my SSD it takes ~15seconds.
76561197967889647,Not Recommended,225540,24962601,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,HankBizzle,"I absolutely loved JC2 so expected to love this too as it was pretty much billed as JC2 with everything turmed up to 11.It perhaps could have been, but the performance issues detract massively from any enjoyment there could have been in this game.Many people have reported many issues across a host of different system configurations.There is a good game somewhere in there, but its has too many performance issues for me.One of the biggest annoyances for me was that after the ridiculously long loading time at the start of every session, you have to watch as a list of people you don't give a flying turd about flashes up on your screen because they have beaten some record that you didn't even care about, and there is no way of turning this off!!Overall as a fan of JC2 this was a massive let down for me, genuinely doesn't live up to its predecessor's brilliance. Not worth your money or your time, not until they at least fix the performance issues."
,Not Recommended,225540,19445994,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Luther,Just Crash and Lag and Drop FPS Cause 3Don't buy this
,Not Recommended,225540,19424514,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ukgamer,"I'm disappointed, Avalanche.The game looks and sounds great - but poor performance (hopefully this will be patched) and lack of multi-GPU support is a big let down. Ridiculous loading times, even on an SSD - and I must be missing the option to skip the intro. Watching Rico blow up the boat in the distance was nice the first time but I don't want to wait a minute every time I start the game to get to the actual gameplay. I think this may be something to do with the ""online"" element of the game as it seemed to take a long time to login after this.I've been informed that the studio that made JC2/Mad Max (Avalanche Studios Stockholm) didn't make JC3 (New York) - so that partly explains the rift in performance.If you lose connection to Square Enix servers while ingame a big annoying message interrupts gameplay, asking you to retry connection or go to offline mode - why couldn't you just automatically go offline and periodically retry and just notify me in the corner?Rico feels like an OAP when he isn't in the parachute or wingsuit. No rolling or sprinting.Some elements of the HUD are poor - waypoints/objectives are hard to see sometimes (tiny white markers and text blend in with the background). What happened to the minimap?AI effectiveness seems to vary a lot - some are capable of sniping you out of a full speed helicopter, but get close and they can barely hit you. Enemies have tendancy to spawn right next to you without warning.On the upside - voice acting is a lot better (no BOLOOOO SANTOSIII), driving is slightly improved over JC2 (though still a bit iffy) and the writing gives you a few laughs. The improved tethering is a welcome addition and the wingsuit is great. The game also tells you what you need to do to liberate areas now which is a helpful addition.There is a good game in there but these issues are spoiling it for me."
76561198089365602,Not Recommended,225540,25518006,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,CaptainCow,"I love buying games for 60 dollars that are so poorly optimized that they aren't playable. I love that its been nearly a year since release, and they havent done anything. I love how Steam wont let me get a refund cause the game wouldnt close, and it thought it was running. ♥♥♥♥ing scam, dont buy."
,Recommended,225540,32020962,Posted: 28 May,all,Gərnadər,Just a normal day in Venezuela
,Not Recommended,225540,20016557,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,CoeusDarksoul,"I *REALLY* wanted to love this game, and have never really been bothered by the the ""Always Online"" bullspit that companies throw out now and then - but now that the damn game stops me mid-mission because it lost connection TO THE DAMN SERVERS is where I've about had enough. I haven't even had to deal with 90% of the bugs, framerate drops, and other issues that I've read about others having, but it's still more than enough.I loved the ever living crap out of Just Cause 2, and have seen the shadows of glimmers of potential with JC3, but it all keeps falling apart. The game isn't fun. It's friggin annoying. Period. The ""challenges"" to get unlocks are annoying, the craptactular vehicle controls are annoying, the massive empty area to the north is annoying, and the fact that Avalache can't keep their own damn servers online - AND THEN PREVENT ME FROM PLAYING BECAUSE OF IT - well that's not annoying. That's just pisspoor and inexcusable. I will not be paying for any more games from Avalanche until they get their stuff squared away."
76561198098130800,Not Recommended,225540,23104012,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,karahatn,Too much shuttring and they still didn't fix it :(
,Not Recommended,225540,34718446,Posted: 3 September,all,Budderball,"I'm just gonna say it, Just cause 2 was better. This newer game is so laggy that at some points it feels almost unplayable. I played through part of the story, but its just a repeat of the last game (only now its Cuba instead of N. Korea). The multiplayer mod, which was a major selling point for JC2, is even more unplayable than campaign. Plus, it feels empty. Not as much cool stuff or places that were in JC2. If your looking to get a Just Cause game, get the predecessor: it's better."
76561198068478720,Recommended,225540,28612256,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Zorid,"Awesome game, so much fun and freedom gfx are great (gtx980) runs very smooth (i7 3.9ghz) would recommend the sea, air, land dlc's. As for alot of reviews about the driving being bad i disagree, i play with kb/mouse and found driving very fun/easy to control except 1, the motor bike riding is bad and hard to steer and i do agree that the driving in just cause 2 was way better.The only one thing i really dislike in this game is the stupid login all the time, can play for long periods without no login but once in awhile you would be in the middle of something like wingsuit flight and boom game pause's and tries to login again sometimes it logs in right away other times it just wont login and takes several attempts untill it logs online again and goes back into game.This login is not important anyways its only for leaderboard scores so you can choose to play offline mode without this rubbish interrupting you, other than that thumbs up.Gameplay  = 10/10Driving       = 8/10Story          = 9/10DLC S/A/L   = 10/10       S=Sea/A=air/L=landGFX            = 10/10Logging in while playing =  -1/10"
76561198051673823,Not Recommended,225540,23748295,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Aethilion,Half a year later. Still none of the technical issues fixed. Still unplayable. I wish i still could refund it...
76561198047407178,Not Recommended,225540,19422031,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,stevied9387,"The main problem with this game is the graphics and character control.  The graphics are just plain bad.  It looks like it would be at home on PS3, which was great...eight years ago.The character's movements, especially in combat, don't feel very up to date either.  It's one of those things where you can run around too easily while taking heavy gunfire from several enemies that don't move or take cover or act at all like actual people.Driving and flying are also quite poor. It's basically identical to Just Cause 2, which was good in its time but that time has passed.Also my pc surpasses the recommended specs yet I still run into choppy gameplay at times.  I play several other games that were released recently on the highest graphical settings with no problem and they look a hell of a lot better than this, so I'm inclined to believe it's either poor programming or a collection of bugs.To throw some positive light on this poorly executed game I must say that the gameplay is enjoyable.  Who doesn't like an open world where everything can be victim to exploding?  Also the improvements with the grappling hook make for some fun and unique ways to destroy things and kill enemies.All in all it's really too bad that the graphics and character control ruined what was an excellent idea for a game."
76561198078743109,Recommended,225540,19406654,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,og chemdawg,"you can tether a cow to a car, strap c4 to it, place it into the cargo bay of a cargo plane, take off, fly over an enemy base, drive the car with the cow attached out of the plane, crash it into a fuel tank and blow up the c4 for an instant beef ravioli barbecue 10/10 would recommend"
,Not Recommended,225540,19421544,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,maniacalcoyote,"Why? I bought this expecting it to run perfectly.The first run, I got onto the very first loading section before the Main menu. The game crashed with the loading circle 1/16 full.The second try, I set Steam on Offline Mode. Ditto.The third try, it loaded to the main menu. When I went into the settings and pressed something, the click glitched into a loop for 30 seconds. FInally, it de-glitched and I returned to the main menu and started the game. I got the audio for the cutscene, but no video, and after 30 sec of that, the game crashed.If they don't patch this game, and soon, I'm going to have to ask for a refund.Also, if they don't patch this game, I don't recommend buying this game.If they fix what's wrong, I'll change my review and reccomend getting this. Probably."
,Recommended,225540,25440590,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,saiyogi2k,This Game is everything for which you will be executed for in real life.If you plan to buy this game just remember:-You cant expect a good story-This is all about blowing stuffs up-You will totally enjoy every thing except story-You can FLY-Ground vehical controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥but you will never use cars I garentuee that-Very big open world-Pretty graphhicsThe port was messed up during launch but now its goodI recommend it because the blowing up of stuff is AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,225540,21048463,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Rocket Man,"I love the Just Cause Series, I have all the games Including ALL the dlc for JC2.Ok so lets cut to the review.Pros:+THIS GAME IS AMAZING+Michael Bay's Go-To Game (im assuming)+It has a HUGE area to explore (Bigger than GTA V 256 km2, Like 4 times bigger and Just cause 2 and 3 is about 1000 km2)+This game is good Just Cause ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)+EDIT: It now has Multiplayer mod, Twice the explosions and Fun!Cons:-When i was playing when i got about a quarter through the game, for some reason my whole computer crashed and when i started the game up i had all my unlocks and chaos points but i had to start from the begining again. I did a bit or research and found out it is effecting windows 10 (probably 8) users. so if u use 10 (or 8) play at your own risk. Microsoft are trying to fix the issueEDIT: The issue has been fixedOne thing to keep in mind, JC3 occasionaly has weekend deals, and it is super cheap during major sale events."
76561198173685255,Recommended,225540,35459981,Posted: 3 October,all,traplordduba,"So im just going to start my review of jc3 by saying this:  just cause 2 is, has been, and likely will be my favorite game of all time. so im a bit biased toward this series. with that being said, i also realize that both number two and three are arguably terrible games in terms of glitches, compatability, and failed expectations. however, i think that the Just Cause series gets too much of a bad rep for all the wrong reasons. when #2 came out, it was the first game i ever was so hyped for i bought on release day. i watched alot of the pre release footage, interviews with the devs, ect, and from that learned a few things that, in my opinion, alot of people overlooked when buying these games.First and foremost, the series is purposely cliche and ""cheesy."" if you want character development, good voice acting, and a riveting storyline, BUY A DIFFERENT GAME. however, if your the kind of person who likes endless destruction, lame action catchphrases, and  hillariously terrible physics, this is the game for you! if you go into buying one of these games with the expectation that its going to be rough around the edges, i can guarentee you will be pleasantly supprised. whereas if you buy it expecting a polished masterpiece with no issues whatsoever you will be very let down.Now that i have that cleared up, heres my take on JC3 from the perspective of someone who loves this series.Pros:-JC3 is GORGEOUS. absolutely some of the most beautiful in game scenery of any game ive played-better weapon selection than jc2-wingsuit is a briliant addition to an already awesome way of moving about (grapple/parachute)-DLC has added enough fun stuff between mechs, the jetpack wingsuit, and the eden spark to make any destruction addict satisfied-i have been lucky enough to not be plagued by the numerous glitches and performance errors that so many seem to have with this game. (16gb ram and a 970, so im not really running top tier hardware either)-replayable settlements (something i wish was added in JC2)cons:-the WORST i repeat WORST driving physics of any game in existance GUARENTEED. motorcycles are practically undrivable, as any controll input will barely move the bike unless held for a long duration. however, once you get it to turn past a few inches to each side, there is no middle ground. the bike makes a sudden and unexplainable 90 degree turn, sending you careening off the clifside and resorting to your parachute-the biggest issue i have with this game by far is that it feels like the designers just stopped trying when they reached the top half of the map. the bottom chains of islands are densely packed with all manner of locations, and things to do, where the top half feels empty and repetitive-takes quite a beefy PC to run anywhere close to max settings-the typical Just Cause glitchynessOverall, i love this game and play the hell out of it, however i understand its not for everybody. i recomend this game immensely, and give it a solid 8/10"
,Not Recommended,225540,19603400,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,the french stars -//-,"I've managed to finish the game. The first 12 hrs of game time this game would crash with D3D code 38 error after 1 minute to 1 hour of gaming. However, the thread on steam discussions about downclocking your GPU helped me(-37 mhz to core clock and -100mhz to memory clock in particular), which resulted in 19 hours of relatively normal gameplay.Behind those technical isssues you can see some proper storyline and enjoyful interaction with the world, which is pretty addictive.The game is on par with JC2 in terms of the Story, better in ""realism""(parachute and wingsuit mechanics) and the Rico's hook (which carries better functionality now), but significally worse in terms of technical perfomance. I say: don't buy it if unless there is a discount or you can escape from troubles within 2 hrs gameplay refund limit."
,Not Recommended,225540,21992804,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,JackColor,"Get Just Cause 2, and then get some mods. That is, to a degree what this game is but there are also some negative points below.Just Cause 3 is essentially a waste of time, its only selling points are its new desired game mechanics, vehicles, and weapons. The map is artifically made to look bigger but in the broad scheme of things its actually very small and under-populated with content.DRM, not only the name of the games antagonist (look at us we're meta!), but also the fact that it almost routinely forces you to go online in order to launch the game. I have almost no recorded time in-game because I try to run it in offline mode whenever possible. Ive actually beaten the game and put in at least 40 hours. Being online slows down the game and it's already a poorly optimized lump of crap. (I run a GTX970 btw).The Story itself. Meh, okay. I didn't expect a mastery of story-telling with a series like just cause. What I also didn't expect was a game with only a short afternoon's worth of actual story missions. In JC2 there were other missions that were offered between ""Agency"" missions, which gave the game a lot of content since these varied in type and depth. Perhaps stealing a car from a private island, or blowing up a satelite array, or hijacking a car with someone in it to kidnap them! NOT THIS TIME AROUND! No! Just LIBERATING TOWNS, over and over and over....and over. Far Cry 4 must have made a lot of money I guess, since its the common architecture for current games. Liberating towns in JC3 is fun the first maybe 15 times you do it, but it begins to get old quick. Then you want to return to the story and... HM NOT YET, GET OUT THERE AND GRIND BY LIBERATING MORE THINGS. Don't do a variety of missions that are almost equally as engaging as the story ones, no! Just go do whatever! It's your game remember!?!?Considering I couldnt even get into the game because ""square enix servers are not responding""I'm not so sure it is my game."
76561198013386486,Not Recommended,225540,19444306,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Green1eaf,I am unable to complete the games introduction without it crashing.
76561198192181501,Recommended,225540,29093370,Posted: 7 January,all,Buddygamer,Really nice game and a lot of Action
,Not Recommended,225540,24040311,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hammond Cheese,"I am still in the process in playing Just Cause 3 but i feel like I have played enough to make a review. So far I am not enjoying the game overall, it is fun to play and can be fun but it has issues that make it hard to enjoy. It is a fun game but is not a great game.Pros:-Fun Gameplay-Neat Skill Tree-Epic Explosions-Wingsuit and other gadgets/movements are fun additionsCons:-Repetitive Gameplay-Many outposts that need liberating are repetitive and just tedious-Same story as JC2-Frequent Lag/Stuttering-Occasional CrashesOverall it is a fun game and I would suggest getting it on sale but be prepared to play a mediocre game that can provide hours of fun that also includes poor optimization and crashing."
,Recommended,225540,28600588,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,HolyPhoenix,"This is a great game.  Coming from Just Cause 2, I found it interesting that the controls had changed, but I quickly learned the new controls and had great fun.  I haven't had many issues like others explain in the game.  Only problem I have is sometimes I am unable to exit a vehicle with both e and spacebar(parachute out right?) which leads to my demise, but it's pretty easy to catch back up to where I was.  I'm really enjoying flying around and all of the new weapons and vehicles.  Bought the game for me and got two other copies for my brothers for Christmas in anticipation of the MP mod release.  Was thrilled to find out how great single player is as I wait for the MP mod release.  The game is slighly addicting for me, so my wife is a little annoyed..."
,Recommended,225540,34244897,Posted: 14 August,all,Matt_13,"Basically JC2 with a wingsuit.I actually prefer JC3 to JC2. I enjoy the story, graphics, and gameplay.Pros:The gameplay feels way more refined than JC2.The story is a bit weak, but the missions are fun.The graphics are a huge improvement from JC2.Cons:The DLCs aren't that good imo."
,Not Recommended,225540,19451505,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Cisien,Nothing about the first hour and a half of play makes me want to continue playing this game.
,Not Recommended,225540,19438048,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,rafaelborven,"In its current state, suffering from tremendous slowdown, stuttering and drops in framerate, even on low quality. Sometimes audio doesn't start. Big disappointment since I was looking forward to it, Just Cause 2 being one of my favorite games. Unfortunately had to ask for a refund.If future patches fix all the problems I'll think about acquiring it again. If not, I just refuse to support a poorly performing game, even if I like everything else in it. It's just a broken product."
,Not Recommended,225540,23912587,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Deh'd,"This games performance is dogshit. Even with a Gtx 970,If you want to experiance this game without issues, go buy yourself 2 Gtx 980ti in SLI, an I7 Intel processor, and 16gb of ram unless you want to have 0.1-10 fps on the lowest settings at 720p WITH A ♥♥♥♥ING GTX MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING NINE-♥♥♥♥ING-SEVENTY.THANK ♥♥♥♥ING GOD THERE""S STEAM REFUNDBTW THE WAY THE AMOUNT OF TIME I HAVE ON THIS GAME WAS TRYING TO LOAD INTO THE GAMESpecs:Intel Core I5 4690k (3.5 ghz)Asus Strix GTX 970Kingston Hyper X Fury 8gb (2/4gb)Asus Z97-AMy Specs should run this game fine, but i was wrong.I GIVE THIS TRASH A:0.1/WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ WOULD YOU NOT FIX THIS GAMEME: Why is this games perfomance soo bad on PC? I have a good computer that can handle it.JC3 Developer: Just BeCause... it's 3"
,Not Recommended,225540,24333576,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,SenoirTreyHouse,"Ya know... I have no idea what is up with this game.First off, when I started out with this game, I was using Intel Integrated HD graphics. And the game ran at a smooth 40fps.But then I upgraded to a Nvidia GTX 960 2GB Vram Card. And all of a sudden, the gamesucks. Constant crashes, and when the game does launch it runs at 55fps, then drops randomly to 20. Then goes back up after a minute or so. Then after about 30 minutes of play time, it craps its pants and commits suicide (crashes). Do not buy this game unless the developers of the game come out and release a PC specific patch for memory leaks. Then, and only then, should you buy the game on sale.Buy GTA V instead, its way more fun and the driving/flying mechanics are better :D**EDIT**I have a new system now, and while it still does not run very smoothly at higher settings due to ram leaks, it is much more playable and does not crash anymore. Not to mention there is a Multiplayer Mod in the works and will be released on steam soon. If you have a system that can run this game, go for it. But if not, it's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,225540,19981962,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Krid,"This game is a broken pile of crap. The lighting flashes like it's having (or trying to cause) a seizure, most of the game world is missing (See:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=584862038), the framerate is awful even on a powerful system (Fallout 4 on Ultra at 4k resolution? 60fps. This at 1080p? Sub-20fps with lots of drops) the menu keeps redrawing different options over each other, the game frequently ignores key presses, and it's generally unplayable.Edit: Yes, I am using the most recent drivers."
76561198031386959,Recommended,225540,19784727,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Blue-Ice,Straped 5 rockets to a goat's♥♥♥♥♥and sent him into space.10/10 would fund Goatnaut again.
76561198138549735,Recommended,225540,30620376,Posted: 19 March,all,[202nd] EvanWolo,"""♥♥♥♥ you, missile.""- Rico RodriguezPros:Blow stuff up.Fun free roamer.Cool Vehicles.Tons of weapons to blow stuff up with.Rocket Launchers.Huge map.Funny Characters.Ridiculous story.Cons:Frame drops, CONSTANTLY.Crappy rendering, especially at distances.Medici has zero laws. Stand in the street and shoot someone, no one cares. Accidentally tap a military vehicle, you have freaking tanks after you.Graphics could be better.Trees look super fake and recyled.Map is very repetitive and static.The largest city is the size of someone's backyard."
,Not Recommended,225540,23008888,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,JCole,"Bought the game on sale and it started out choppy and laggy but I really liked the gameplay so I played through it thinking the devs would fix it.  That didn't happen, so I started looking online for fixes and found some that helped a bit.  Had to turn it down to 720p resolution just to be playable.  Then it stopped loading one day.  Won't get past the first initial load screen with the circle.  I found a fix that had me type ""bcdedit.exe /set {current} nx AlwaysOff""  into CMD and then restart, which worked for a few days (It sucked having to do that and restart any time I wanted to play though).  Now that fix no longer works and steam has denied a refund. Great.TL;DR: The game no longer loads and Steam denies a refund. It was barely playable from the beginning. Don't buy this shoddy console port unless you want to be robbed of your money."
,Recommended,225540,20468673,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,M0rtifer,Not the best story but the gameplay and the action is amazing. You can have endless hours of fun with the craple hook ;)
76561198103314205,Not Recommended,225540,23033446,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,saints_wizard,"Can't load this game, crash all the time."
,Not Recommended,225540,24781145,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,alarku07,"Definitely not worth it's price at 50 €. I'd recommend buying it one it's on sale with ~80% off. Then you don't feel sorry for your money and can ignore the major bugs. The gameplay itself is fun as an idea - it's meant as an action movie style game. I enjoyed JC 2 and looked forward to JC 3. But for a big company like Avalanche Studios this game's state is an embarrasement. I haven't played a game this buggy and glitchy for a long time. Most noticeable were the random crashes and sound problems where sometimes weapons sounds stopped working. The biggest fail was that if you had the ""precision aim"" mod activated, the auto-lock didn't work for anything that had that. Though every time, and it happened quite often, i enjoyed when the AI flew their aircraft into a wall or a bridge or a cliff - that was genuinely funny. For the gameplay part - everything was too prone to explode, though everything exploding was a part of the game style, it was poorly done - for example i was tethering a boat and i accidentally pulled it over a small rock and it got airborne for half a second and the boat exploded. I really needed that boat. As for the story part - it's short, like it's really short, though it's ""cleverly"" lengthened by the need to liberate provinces. It's fun, but gets monotone. The ending boss fight was boring and a huge disappointment, also the end itself. The end credits are unskippable and go on for a long time"
76561198048280615,Recommended,225540,19836432,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,MrGamePlayerse,"First I must say that if you want this game make sure for 100% that your computer can handle it.We good?Ok.About the gameJust Cause 3 is a very fun open world action game with a huge map and very impressive explosions.In fact thats most of the fun, exploding everything in sight, or you could be setting up your own little challanges.The grappeling hook is way different than in JC2 as well as the heavily focused wingsuit in the avertisement.The game is very fun to mess around with and see all of the funy ideas and senerios the community can come up with.You can upgrade all of your items and vehicles by doing minigames, ranging from ""blow everything up with a (insert weapon or vehicle)"" to ""wingsuit from the mountain and get through all the rings"" and unlocking gears to get the upgrade, the upgrades can be turned on and off at will so its very nice incase you get something you dont want.Problems BESIDES IT NOT WORKING WELL FOR MOST PCMotorcycles, poor poor motorcycles. JC3 has some ok driving, it will seem fine and ok, but the racing challenges are when you will notice how bad the controles are especialy for the motorcycles. In some of the racing challenges they want very precise movement, but when you hit the turn button, even for a millisecond it has a 50 50 chance of either you not moving an inch or doing a 90 degree turn off a mountain and having to redo that whole 3 minutes again and again.Another problem some will find is that the enemy bases tend to have the same copy and past layout, now this isn't that bad because of all the ways you can destroy everything, but its still something that is very noticable if you go base to base liberating everything.The story also isn't very new or amazing, can't say much else about that.I would recommend this game to either diehard fans or people who can overlook these small issues, but I would really not untill the controle in the cars are fixed if you are the completionist type."
,Recommended,225540,31203549,Posted: 17 April,all,Zero Summ,"Pros:Explosions.Explosions.Huge open world map.Compares your high scores with friends.Explosions.The parachute, hook, and wing-suit are very fluid modes of transportation.Lots of content and ability unlocks.Graphics. Game looks great on higher settings. Plenty of graphical options. Game seems to run fine for me, but I also have an above average PC (specs at bottom). Especially like all of the particle effects, because, you know. Explosions.Neutral:Proximity sensor for hidden items. It's a nice little feature, but the gather x items randomly hidden on the map content is just boring.Story. I view it a lot like I would view a Serious Sam game. The story is pretty much nonexistent, but the game doesn't take itself seriously and has a lot of fun with the characters.Cons:Some early challenges are impossible until you unlock new vehicles/abilities later on in the game.Vehicle handling. Most vehicles handle like garbage, motorcycles being the largest offenders.Game randomly locks up, forcing me to restart.Computer Specs: Intel i7 5930k (O.C. 4 GHz), EVGA GTX 1080ti FE (O.C. 2,000~ MHz), LG 34UM95 (3440x1440, 60hz), 500GB Samsung 850 Pro SSD."
,Recommended,225540,29095626,Posted: 7 January,all,Ethan780,"Great game, had lots of fun. Although i did not encounter any of the performence bugs that others have."
76561198215532279,Not Recommended,225540,23800831,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,spaznok,"This game gave me a mixed bag of emotions.Firstly, the game itself is beautiful, I'm running it on a mid-spec PC and it gave me minimal problems.   The only problem with the performance are the loading times, a couple of minutes at least.HOWEVER, for all the vastness that this game promises, every outpost and town has a similar feel to them, and I felt like I was repeating myself after only 3/4 hours.   Despite this, the choice of weapons/vehicles/grapple skills allowed me to play this game through to the end of its lacklustre story.This game is nowhere near the £40 price tag it asks for, only pick this up on sale, and even then, only if you're a fan of the Just Cause series.6/10"
76561198010543154,Not Recommended,225540,25500221,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,CannonFodder,"keeps getting directx crashing issues, takes forever to connect to their servers which often disconect you. Bit of a joke really. I have A I5 processor, 16 gig of ram and a Nvidia 980 gtx graphics card, more then meets the minimum requirements but still crashes."
,Not Recommended,225540,24700484,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Thatdude123™,"I really want to give this game a good review, I really do. When you can play it, the game is absolutely beautiful, with stunning vistas wherever you go, and the destruction (The main content of the game) is extremely beautiful and satisfying. However, you need to be able to actually play the game to be able to see all of this content, and since Febuary, I have been unable to log into the game in order to play it. There also seems to be a memory issue, but I cannot speak to that, as I already have 16Gb of ram. This game has so much potential, and it is really disheartening to see such a great game rendered unplayabe.Please. safe your money, don't buy this game, at least until they fix it."
76561198068593255,Recommended,225540,34082113,Posted: 7 August,all,Mowgli,gret gam
,Recommended,225540,19459564,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,THE FUNHOUSE NEVER STOPS,"GTX 970 is maxing this game easily; I occasionally drop down to 45/30 with heavy explosions and very fast movement but otherwise no optimization issues to speak of.As someone who bought their first graphics card specifically to play Just Cause 2, I can say that this game is worth the wait. Do yourself a favor; leave the dreary brown commonwealth for the bright, fast, explosive islands that Medici has to offer."
,Not Recommended,225540,23074250,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Yung_Tabasco,"Just Cause 3 was a great game for the time that I could play it at 25-35fps. As of May 18th, 2016, I can't even boot the game without it freezing my PC. If you're looking to waste $60 on a game worse than most pre-alpha shitpiles, this is the game for you.July 1st, 2016 UPDATE: After upgrading my processor to an i7-6700k and installing 16gb of DDR4 RAM, this game runs perfectly."
,Not Recommended,225540,35198211,Posted: 25 September,all,Tantura,"Constant Frame stuttering, followed by glitched sounds.Just utterly broken garbage.Hell, the first time I launched it it slowed my PC down to the point I absolutely had to restart it."
,Recommended,225540,19429185,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Artyom Havok,"not the best launch... or frame rates on a pretty strong system... and  a crash just gave me enough time to review ithowever!took a choper went south to look at an island air stripfound a grave.played in some womans garden.teather flung a deer into the ocean.went to look at the air strip... almostrealized that there caves under the island.parked my chopper.hijacked  a jet ski.explored caves.wingsuited out back to chopper.found a shotgun challenge near the air strip.took a plane from air strip finally!!!!crashed it trying to steal a boat and drop it at a garage.and that was my 2 hour adventure of going to ""look"" at one thing and that is exactly what i wanted from a new Just Cause game. now it we can just work out the bugs so i can do this for 100+ hours without it running like crap on a 6gb gpu... that would be the best"
76561198077731596,Recommended,225540,19565111,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,RZB-Deacon,"after about 50 hours in the game, it's time to write a review about it:In a year dominated by brilliant open-world games, Just Cause 3 still manages to make its mark in style. In a way, it’s the happy-go-lucky sibling of Metal Gear Solid 5, with both games following war-weary, bearded freedom fighters catching up with old friends, revisiting past glories and attempting to save the world just one last time. There’s no stealth, of course – Rico Rodriguez only has one volume setting, which is LOUD – and Just Cause 3 has no pretensions to art or cultural significance. It just wants to p.a.r.t.y. and cause a few big bangs along the way.This is GTA 5 without the clever script and social satire but with the destruction dial turned up to max. It’s the game Saints Row wishes it could be. It’s also the game that has more fun with physics than any game since Portal 2, and quite possibly the silliest, most overblown, most downright entertaining game of late 2015. It’s the Just Cause that you knew a Just Cause could one day be.a few words:i'm aware there is some big Fps drops in the game with AMD card specially, but if you have a good RIG, let's say a 980GTX, the game runs smooth at 50 fps ultra settings in 1440P.i had a lot of fun playing that game, i'm nearly at the end of it, i think 53 hours and the 100% is accomplished.Pros:- Hudge openworld game with endless possibility of Physic fun- New Game + , you can re-oppres outposts for endless destructions.- many Weapons, vehicles.- The world of JC3 has been put alive with animals and encounters.- Mutli-tethering with the grappleCons:- FPS drops- no SLI support atm... couldnt get the game run at 4K with the other 980- no outfits for Rico- handling of cars and choppers.... are bad... very bad for mouse and Keyboard..especially Choppers, maybe a good  Xbox One Controller will do the trick ( the game itself has been badly and simply ported to PC without changing some controlls...)I must say, i had a lot of fun in JC3, one of my favorite games in 2015 and i'll continue to play it just for fun for some amazing stunts.GreezDeacon"
76561198258469962,Not Recommended,225540,19443968,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Ninjacatdog,"To make it simple, just cause 3 isn't as much fun as previous games, they have taken away a few features and now the game boils down to going from town to town ticking off a check list of things to blow up. If in 2 you enjoyed rooting around locations for the hidden boxs, that is all gone in this game, which have been replaced by unlocking mini missions when you liberate a town, these mini missions aren't fun either. the expoltions in the game are amazing and are awesome to watch every time they happen. The problem in that after a short amount of time there isnt anything new to blow up, each town has simular layout with the same looking buildings to take. Also a side note, dont know if this is just me, maybe some one could shed some light but the camera movement during flight is super amazingly slow, making fighting from a helicopter more frustrating than anything else. im going to put some more time in to it and try to like it but at this rate im going to go back to just cause 2."
76561198001498849,Not Recommended,225540,19438466,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Praumax,"The game is great, but it's barely playable. My game constantly keeps crashing becouse i change my resolution to 1920x1080. The only way i can play this game is when i change it to 1280x768, but then i can barely see a thing.Hopefully the devs releases a patch fix."
,Not Recommended,225540,24433838,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,GloriousChicken,"I love this game!Really, but coming from Just Cause 2 as a favourite all time sandbox.I just cant accept what this is.The only good thing this game has it going for itself are the god damn graphics! which arent even utilised well in terms of making a beautiful paradise-sic island.If you're here for the story, then you'll be disappointed, which is alright for a Just Cause game, because story has never been its thing....Lets make it simple, in what this disappointment is compared to Just Cause 2. If you're expecting something like JC2 ofcourse.This SEQUEL, which is supposed to be an improvement, Gives you the following.Positives1. Wingsuit, For faster travel.2. Increased range for grapple.3. Good graphics. Really, they're amazing! Especially during rain.4. The AI is so much better, and this time they put up a fight.5. Physics, Everything has Physics! You'll love messing around with things in a more realistic way. (Thats a oxymoron with the grapple and all)Yep, those are the only improved things that you will LIKE in this SEQUEL, which is supposed to be an upgrade from the previous game.Its a sandbox game afterall.Lets talk about what a huge difference this game has between JC2 and itself.And trust me, these are all the negatives.1. Map is small, 1/3 of the map is ocean. Yep! Not like its a bad thing right? Wait till you see the wasteland up north, F**KING EMPTY! Everything on land looks downscaled OR upscaled, however you wanna take it. Why? Because everything is so frigging next to one another, the highway looks like some cheap rollercoaster and MORE than half the map is a f**king wasteland (You will understand once you play it)2. FOV, its locked and its horrifying. I dont need to explain why and all of you guys that arent used to anything below 70 FOV. Going to have a hard time. Especially FPS Gamers.3. Progression. What the ♥♥♥♥ is that? Never heard of it in this game, Nowhere at all! Theres literally, NOTHING. To progress on, except for the fact that you can collect cars by driving them to garages. and the fact you can get them dropped for free. yep, No sense of management in this game compared to JC2.4. Villages and Bases. The BIGGEST disappointment is this! Villages are pretty F**king small. And REALLY, Small. The only big city you'll take over is the capital, and that too looks like a small village with a few big buildings, And every village has the same thing to destory it gets kinda repetitive, but atleast theres physics which you can utilise to make it extra fun.And the bases, Medici, is FULL of bases. There are more bases compared to villages in the town, it makes you look like almost as if its whole population is military personnel. And even in that, theres only a few Explosive items which you can blow up and some few new antennas, but this is nothing compared to JC2. really. It feels so stripped out.5. WEAPONS and VEHICLES! There we go, theres a handful of civilian vehicles and not a wide variety of weapons, at all. None!For vehicles, There are total 110 vehicles in JC2 if you own the DLC. (104 without them)While in Just Cause 3 ~80 Vehicles. Positive over JC2 is that they have better handling and design.1. You can not upgrade the vehicles in JC3 at all.2. ALL VEHICLES are speed locked. If you dive the airplane straight down from sky, it'll stay locked at its highest speed and wont increase any further for a massive speed dive.3. Vehicles explode if a pin is dropped while you're not insideFor Weapaons, The catalog of weapons is cute in this game compared to JC2.1. 4 Assault Rifles, 1 LMG, 3 Rocket Launcher, 1 Grenade launcher. 2 Special FOW weapons. (Special strikes)2. No progression, at all! You cant upgrade these and they're as it is. Powerful all throughout the game.Thats it.... I know.6. Management and Airdrops, Theres nothing like this! In JC2, you had to get CHAOS and MONEY to have a drop at the cost of some money ofcourse so it gave you careful decisions you made.In this game, everything is free. you take over a base, you unlock it and get it dropped anywhere you want.Except theres a 40 minutes cooldown on tough military vehicles.I can go on more but these are the most critical disappointments one will face if you're moving from JC2.Other than that.This is a good game, except for the fact it faces a memory leak which gets annoying if you play more than 4 hours a day without shutting it down. (You can fix it by simply restarting the game)and you can find out you're having a memory leak with a weird stutter.Other than that.Game was damn good fun if i think of it as a stand-alone try-out instead of a Just Cause 2 follow up."
76561198099050961,Recommended,225540,22662388,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Aspiring Wackjob,"Overall, the game is great. The scenery looks beautiful, the weapons look and sound better than in the previous games, the vehicles actually handle much better, and even the aircraft no longer have that stupid left banking tendency like in the last game. However, performance seems to be the biggest issue here (you better be watching, Avalanche). It still takes far too much just to get the performance to be smooth. You can't even run max settings on a stable FPS unless your PC build has something like an i7-5820k and an NVidia Titan. Most people don't have that kind of cash to dump into the game. I strongly recommend removing the DRM anti-piracy system for starters. Yes, it's good to prevent piracy, but the game and the sales are now suffering even worse because of that hungry system, all in an effort to prevent the studio from losing sales (ironic). Furthermore, I think the leaderboard system is something that no one really pays attention to. Avalanche, please remove that too and allow the third party devs of the Nanos team do their work. And please help them if you can. Do this, and your sales just got a whole lot better. If you have a decent enough build, I would definitely recommend this game.My Specs:AMD FX-8300 4.2 GHz16GB RAM (Kingston Hyper X @ 2.3GHz)EVGA GTX 960 SC w/ ACX 2.0 fansIMPORTANT UPDATE: Although Trix and Fkids are no longer working on JC3MP, another version of JC3MP is set for initial release this December, created by a team called Nanos."
,Recommended,225540,19463560,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,mrhbenam,definitely a cool game.who ever liked jc2 will love this game.
,Not Recommended,225540,19725622,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Blizzard,"I liked Just Cause 2 and wanted to support Just Cause 3 -- a singleplayer game (a dying breed?) with no DRM, no forced social network interaction, and a good PC port.Unfortunately, it instead turned into my first ever Steam refund request.  The game has 3rd-party DRM, and even worse, it's hidden in the EULA linked from the Steam page instead of advertised on the Steam page itself.The game also apparently has some forced social / leaderboard messages that cannot be disabled.Lastly, it is not even a good PC port as far as I can tell.  Performance seems to be poor across a variety of machines, and there is not yet a performance patch that I am aware of.  It runs poorly for me even at the starting area(s) of the game after adjusting settings down.One last note -- the game starts with a long, unskippable menu screen.  No loading even appears to happen during this (no hard drive activity), AND since this is a PC game, restarting the game multiple times is to be expected while adjusting settings.  Having a huge unskippable menu screen is very painful in this regard.Just Cause 2 was a very pleasant experience in the above areas, and Just Cause 3 is one of my saddest disappointments I have ever purchased.  Hopefully the refund goes through.  *edit*  The refund went smoothly through in 1 day, kudos to Valve."
76561198028096440,Recommended,225540,29243693,Posted: 14 January,all,Timi,EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! EXPLOSIONS! YEAH!!!
,Not Recommended,225540,19444017,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ScSiDaN,"Bugs and fps drops can be fixed with patches,  but you cant fix the poor voice acting. Part of JC2's appeal was that  Rico was a total bad♥♥♥♥♥and looked the part. Rico from JC3 looks like a soccer dad. I want to like this game, but sadly, the only real cool feature is the Wingsuit. Which makes the game less disappointing. I will change my review if im wrong or if the devs patches and DLCs can add more appeal."
,Recommended,225540,21631700,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Winterwalk,"Whether you want to drag a helpless citizen by the rear bumper of your speeding sports car or steal a military-grade fighter jet and destroy a massive oil rig, Just Cause 3's got something for you.The third installment in the Just Cause trilogy isexactlywhat I wanted from it.If you're in the mood for explosions and wreaking havoc across the sprawling Medici countryside, the lack of a compelling plot won't bother you one bit. If you're a fan of free-roam titles like Grand Theft Auto or Far Cry, you will feel right at home here."
,Not Recommended,225540,20039738,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Crab in a bucket,Thank god for Steam refunds
76561198066977721,Recommended,225540,28918805,Posted: 1 January,all,Hellenic,Drove a soapbox car with rockets attached out of a cargoplane and then shot down the cargoplane. Buy it
76561198108414707,Not Recommended,225540,24387481,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,FloppyFishie,its alot of fun but its constantly freezing.
,Not Recommended,225540,24871842,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sulhyd,"It's an ok game but it runs awful. If it ran better i would probably suggest it.Once you clear all settlements there isn't much to do.It feels a little too empty sometimes and the the map is worse than Just Cause 2.It could of been great, but now it's just ok."
,Recommended,225540,35221882,Posted: 26 September,all,Lmaogre,Haven't completed the story and I probably never will just because no one gives a sh¡t about the story.Its the same as Just Cause 1 and 2.But the core gameplay is fun. The double grappling hook thing is fun and all the weapons are also kind of cool. There are a lot of vehicles and the map is huge.Without tweaking the settings via Nvidia Inspector you might run into some issues because of the terrible optimization.But if it works its damn fun.7.8/10
76561198060394785,Not Recommended,225540,19433755,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,[TRUMP] Dr. Steve Brule,"(i7 3820CPU 3.6 GHz, 8gb RAM, gtx 690)Pros-new grapple mechanics-ridiculous explosions-large open world-beautiful environmentsCons-controls vary from just cause 2, not for the better-incredibily inconsistant framerate-upgrade and unlock systems poison the incentive structuremeaning-the best way to setup incentives is to have a players actions reward them, making the action itself enjoyable, so you want to do that thing more, and you get rewarded for doing that, making it a purely enjoyable experience. Here, they set up actions for rewards arbitraily and secluded. You don't kill X people to unlock or upgrade something so you can passively progress, you go to a specific location to do a specific action over and over and over at infinitime, making it a chore. It's a terrible and tiring system.-story sucks, but at least this time you can skip cutscenesyou're better off playing just cause 2, even if you don't use the modsnot worth $60 for sure"
,Not Recommended,225540,20293190,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[4MA] Audio Junkie,I love the JC series and was really excited for this one.  Unfortunately... it is poorly optimized and stutters on so bad that it's unplayable in its current state (even with the recent patch).  The best button combo in this game is Right Click - Uninstall
,Not Recommended,225540,20282678,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,amdnate95,"Worst game I own. Horribly optimized- despite nvidia control panel choosing high settings by default for my i5 4790k and gtx 960 build I can barely run it on low without random frame rate drops. all the menus ar bugged, game constantly crashes for no reason."
,Not Recommended,225540,23889816,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Zeus Of The Crows,"Not a bad game (although not as good as JC2 in my opinion) but it's filled with bugs, performance issues, and always online DRM. And don't hope that avalanche will fix it, as they're too busy pushing out DLC to make more money."
,Not Recommended,225540,24602873,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ice Fox,"Generic, bland, repetitive, insipid... bascially after 4 hours, you have probably experienced everything the game has to offer. I liked just cause 2 but somehow, this game only improved explosions and graphics and made everything else worse."
,Not Recommended,225540,21737114,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Chris421X,"CONS- you can't just enter a vehicle by pressing the interaction button, while within a specific radius of the vehicle, like in GTA, you have to look directly at the vehicle's door to enter it, which makes it difficult to escape a firefight before the vehicle starts burning/ gets destroyed (especially annoying when you found a rare vehicle, like a good chopper/ jet)- car handling is the worst- bike handling is even worse- plane handling sucks as hell- takes forever to login, especially when i can't login for some reason, it tries to, every f***ing time, that I pause the game,    which takes forever- game won't keep my keybindings, resets them everytime that I restart the game- bike/car handling is even worse when using a controller- vehicle physics suck as hell (you hit the curb with high speed then your car jumps 8ft in the air and performs a 180)- buttons to use your plane's rudder are 'x' and 'b', not 'rb' and 'lb' (xbox 360 cntroller) like in GTA V, for example, which doesn't make any sense at all and you can't change them- key to use nitro in planes is the same as the one to increase thrust (means that I have to release that key in order to let the nitro refill, which means that I'm slowing down, which sucks in plane races)- don't expect a vehicle handling like in GTA V... in Just Cause 3 it just feels like a massive input lag... whenever you are driving fast and you tip your 'a' or 'd' key, your car/bike doesn't react at all... but whenever you hold your 'a' or 'd' key, your car/bike starts turning like hell- grappling hook range is too low (especially when using a parachute/ wingsuit)- game used to stop detecting my keyboard whenever i changed my key settings after starting the game (I was unable to do anything, had to end the game)... SEEMS TO BE FIXED- key bindings system is annonying as f***, because some actions share the same key, e.g. reloading your weapon on the bike and firing the secondary weapon in your plane/chopper- you can't run- you can't go directly out of wingsuit mode, you have to open your parachute first, in order to land... I WAS WRONG...YOU CAN.. YOU JUST HAVE TO UNLOCK THIS ABILITY- have you ever tried to drive a truck or bus? you have to constantly hold you 'a' or 'd' key for a couple of seconds to turn your wheels, which makes its almost impossible to effectively use those vehiclesPROS- map is huge- game is fun (as long as you don't HAVE to use vehicles, as in races)(don't know if the following arguments are PROS)- boat handling is ok- chopper handling is okEven though there are many CONS, the game still is a lot of fun!But I hope that the negative reviews might get the developers' attention and cause them to fix some points."
,Recommended,225540,30438083,Posted: 10 March,all,Zloth,"Bottom Line - great fun but don’t trust the minimum specsThere’s four big things to do in this game: story mode, liberation, collectables, and challenges.The story mode really isn’t much, even compared to Just Cause 2.  Most of the characters aren’t very interesting and the missions really aren’t that novel but they do provide a break from the other parts of the game.The liberation is the big thing Just Cause has done for so long.  Basically, go in and blow up all the stuff with red paint on it.  But it ISN’T basic at all!  JC3 provides loads of ways to get that done from simply shooting at them to rocket launchers to tanks.  When you blow up all the red stuff in a base, your fellow rebels instantly swoop in at take over.  Liberating towns is a bit more complicated but only a bit more.  Every time you liberate a town or base, some challenges open up.There are several kinds of challenges from car/plane/boat races to handing you infinite ammo and seeing how much you can destroy in 2 minutes.  Depending on how well you do, you earn 0 to 5 stars (gears – whatever).  These are totaled up over different challenges to earn upgrades to your equipment like being able to hold more grenades or adding a nitro boost to vehicles you request.There are also many ad-hoc challenges that you can earn anytime just by playing the game.  These are things like number of kills without reloading, car jump distance, and distance travelled in a soap box car.  They will pop up in the upper right when one of them is getting near or above your personal best.It isn’t just your own score up there, though, and it isn’t every person that ever played the game including dozens of cheaters.  It’s your friends that have played the game plus a few random people (which will be replaced by more friends if they start playing the game).  I’ve enjoyed that quite a bit – it hit just the right mix of challenge and attainability for me.The collectables are mostly pretty blah.  I did enjoy collecting vehicles simply because some of them are a real challenge to get to the chop shops but the rewards for finding all the tapes/vintage parts/shrines didn’t seem to come anywhere near justifying the work you have to do to get them and there's not much fun in homing in on them or flying to a ? mark on the map.The game's grapple hook is hugely fun!  This is where your own creativity really gets a workout.  With the grapple you can pull yourself quickly forward, latch on to a car and pull yourself on top of it, latch yourself to a ledge and pull yourself up, and lots more.  You can also hold down the button after attaching and attach the other side of the grapple to something else, tethering them together.  Holding down shift then pulls those two things together.  It’s amazing what you can do with this simple mechanic!A word on the controls, which have been getting a pretty bad wrap.  The controls for the wing suit, grapple, and airplanes seem pretty bad at first.  The grapple just has a lot of functionality, though, and the wingsuit/airplanes are simply supposed to be hard to control.  You’ll get used to the grapple pretty quickly and some practice will get you flying well enough in the wingsuit and airplanes.There’s definitely some not-so-good stuff.First the specs.  A lot of folks with minimum specs are getting really poor performance.  If you’re anywhere near the lower bounds, keep your finger on the Refund button.  If you’re having performance issues you can try a few tweaks but don’t go over that 2 hour limit!For whatever reason the game makes you sit there for several seconds before it finally decides to get on with loading the game.  It’s nice in that you don’t have to interact at all to get into the game but why does it make you sit and watch Rico on the beach for so long!?  At least you've got time to go make a drink while the game loads up.There’s also just one and only one save.  If your save gets corrupted or you aren’t thinking and start a new game up… oops.  Be sure to go into the Documents\Square Enix\Just Cause 3\ folder and back up your save folder every now and again, just in case.There are some other nagging bugs but nothing too terrible.At full price the DLC might be a bit expensive for what you get but they are pretty fun and well worth it if you find them on sale.  (The XL version of the game includes all three.)  You’ll have access to them about a quarter of the way through the game and they’ll be a pretty good challenge at that point.  You might want to lay off some of the weapons you get, though, because they are devastating.  (Though it’s nice to be devastating from time to time.  ;)"
,Not Recommended,225540,19421582,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dogma,"Its a poorly made game with lots of loading screens and jumpy cutscenes. Pretty much this game is a dumbed down Just Cause 2. No challange at all, tons of health, ammo and no quick-time events when stealing things like attack heli-copters and tanks. Nothing happens when you kill civs, nobody cares that you just blew up a gas station full of people. Its games like this that ruin the memories of a good game. People trying to cash in on a gimmick.I have a beast of a computer and have massive lag issues now and then.  I wouldn't expect people to be able to play this game without hardware close to what I own.  The FPS seems to be locked at 60 and constantly drops down to around 20 while driving through fields and such, but stays at 60 while in combat.I am already bored of this game. You can easily take over the whole island in an hour if you dedicated, there does not seem to really be any threat in this game. Even on hard I feel like I'm just punching a bunch of legless children.Oh and don't get me started on the stupid leaderboard thats not only broken but stupid as ♥♥♥♥.I guess there is only a few of us that can even *play* the game, but it shouldn't be this easy to just destroy the leaderboard. I am tired of seeing &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥has beat your score in donkey punching"" Its just more annoying than anything else.There is a leaderboard for everything ""UncleTom has beat your score in unknowingly stepping on lady bugs""  and the game loves to just constantly inform you about it."
76561198057686752,Recommended,225540,19584838,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Fate,"I am hearing a lot of negative reviews about performance and frame drops. I got a GTX 780, i7-4770K, 32 GB RAM and the game is running perfectly for me. Maybe it is not just your Graphics card but your motherboard, ram, GPU.  I am hearing people who have a GTX 980 or 70 saying that it is not running well.All I can say I am sorry for you all who have a technical problem.I like the game! The graphics are great, perfect FPS no drops, The story is ok nothing special but the action is more important and in General the game is good! I would recomend people who has a good PC and who love explosions and non stop action.Thank you all for taking your time to read this review and have a great day!"
,Not Recommended,225540,33981028,Posted: 2 August,all,Dr. Neurohax,"For people that haven't played JC2, go play that. JC3 adds a few mechanics that are nice (plus better graphics), but somehow lacks the charm of JC2. You will want to 100% JC2. 100% on JC3 would be self flagellation.For those that have played JC2, this isn't a terrible follow up, but definitely not worth the asking price because it feels so unbalanced. Some early parts feel lovingly crafted and you can see where this could've a been great game. But, the story falls apart pretty quickly, it's a technical mess, and there is no indication that it will ever be fixed.On the non-technical side, the story starts off strong, has some great characters, and has a good amount of mystery. Unfortunately, all the story becomes incredibly boring and predictable, and the main plot missions (only side missions are from DLC) are stilted and repetitive, or a kind of tedious mixed with nonsensical. Also, if you enjoy liberating the towns and playing it as an open world game, most of the missions become trivial. Freeing a town means rebels move in, so when the game throws enemy troops at you, the rebels block them or they don't spawn at all. It's clear they want you to drive by a base during a few missions, which would attract attention, but if you liberated them, nothing happens at all.There are a number collectibles that are okay, but poorly 'paced'. For example, there are some audio tape collectibles where you hear the psychology of the evil dictator and how he got into power, which are actually pretty well done. But, you only get 2-5 sentences, so following the timeline is difficult (especially since you don't regularly interact with the people discussed and forget who is who). On top of that, there are several tapes placed at the final objective in towns you liberate. Capturing a town sometimes sets off a radio message. so you have two audio tracks playing over each other. Not a big deal, but this is a good example of how the game feels slapped on top of the open world aspect without proper design considerations.Like JC2, there are challenges - blow up this much stuff in this time, fly this obstacle course, etc. However, these are now tied to equipment and ability upgrades, and are given a rating tied to those unlocks. This is okay in theory, but here is where the run and gun sloppiness that makes JC2 fun is at odds with JC3 and the technical problems of JC3 start to creep in. First off, vehicle control is terrible, at least with keyboard and mouse. Same goes for the wing suit. It isn't a case of different vehicles controlling better/worse than others. They just all feel wrong; like the speed is too slow, but the objectives are made harder to make up for it. No idea how to explain it. After trying a dozen or so challenges a few times and failing all but 1, I simply gave up. They are beyond unfun. But they're CHALLENGES, you say? Yeah, but they're challenging in that ""this was poorly designed or hinges on a particularly weak game play element"" not in the ""I want to get better at this to make the game more fun"" way. I wouldn't even care that they feel broken if potentially fun upgrades weren't locked behind them. Also, there's no map HUD, so you're constantly referring to the PDA, where there are no markers for things like 'bases with a helicopter', so you never know where to go to get specific vehicles.On the technical side, whoa boy. If you played JC2 and thought that was a bit janky, it is nothing compared to JC3. First off, it took a good 2 hours just to get this game running. There's a pointless intro movie that can't be skipped unless you use mods. Turns out all mods have been broken for months. Broken how? They break the online login system, so that you can't log in AND can't play offline. For a single player game. It's very clear that the totally superfluous online features were added to make the DRM less egregious (requires reactivation with hardware changes). Also, the game will pop up sudden disconnects randomly. And then there are the random crashes, the lack of and FOV slider, the graphical glitches, the targeting glitches, etc. During the first 15 minutes I got stuck inside the world geometry. Reload the last quick save? Well, there's no quick save or manual save, so that's a roll of the dice. There is a 3rd party program for changing FOV, but breaks the cut scenes slightly and further reduces stability). Load times on my NVMe SSD felt like HDD load times. In the PDA UI, the cursor was always offset about two full cursor sizes below the point I clicked.Finally, the two story DLCs I played were about 50% just traveling to the location and back. They were good action-wise and the rewards for completing them were good, but they felt very detached from the main story and confusing depending on the order you did everything.All these problems and it's been a year since the last patch, so it's safe to assume the game is dead. With the skill they've shown in handling online accounts and the rate of updates so far, I 100% expect this game to be unplayable in 5-10 years, either from OS/Steam/driver compatibility issues or online service changes (thanks to unwanted online features and Denuvo DRM). Oh, there's a whole abandoned island that was probably for DLC, but they apparently gave up on trying to milk any more money from players, too.If you don't trust my review, go look at the discussion forum. Enjoy reading the 1,446 comments in ONE THREAD addressing what the community would like fixed or added. Or the Q & A thread with the devs that leaves half of the questions unanswered (that person has not been on Steam in 500+ days). I won't be buying another Avalanche game."
,Recommended,225540,26016932,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,TheQCraft,Although poorly optimised this game ís in my opinion better than Just Cause 2 from a completionist's prespective. In Just Cause 2 getting 100% completion was impossible and getting close was extremely tedious due to it having more than 1000 collectibles. This game is much more managable and much more rewarding in terms of completing the game because of fewer collectibles and indicators showing you what chaos objects still need to be destroyed in a base.Edit: The indicators showing you which chaos objects are yet to be destroyed will never straight up tell you where the remaining objects are. They will only tell you what kind the remaining ones are.
,Recommended,225540,30381653,Posted: 7 March,all,KamikaziFly,"JC2 vs JC3...In JC2, the military bases were so incredibly similar, that not one base was memorable. Every base take over became a test to see how fast I could complete yet another base take down.In JC3, base take overs seem a little different. The bases and cities are built on mountain terrain, which makes most bases seem unique. But now I have gotten to an area which seems to always have a base built into a giant hole in the ground.JC3 has enough challenges after taking down a base, that it mixes up the monotony. But some of these challenges became so mundane and hard, that you will find yourself choosing the F1 race car (DUO) on the first attempt. Or the wingsuit challenges you can get 5 stars (gears) on the first try, cause you are so good at it.The most fun challenge is over-coming your friend's scores, since they are human. Plus your friend's ghost can be fun to race against.-----Multiplayer is a mod.Currently, nothing spawns in the world automatically.But you can spawn many vehicles and guns.You have most of the unlocks already unlocked on you, even jetpacks!You can't tether two items together.You can type ""t"" then ""/tp volcano"" to tp to the volcano. Similar for a few other locations, like statue.You can destroy bridges.You can kill each other. A player respawns where they died, with 5 seconds spawn protection.We raced around the island on the train track, after flying planes into each other and running each other over. Actually, I tried to kamikaze my jet into my friend repeatedly while he tried to bazooka me with different bazookas.A real easy guide to mp:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=760599746"
76561198061888109,Not Recommended,225540,24976536,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DoomedConman,"Unfortunately the game wont run past the tutorial, now im running an AMD FX 6350 bulldozer 4 ghz processor, 8gb ram and a GTX 950 2gb gpu, what on earth the devs thought when they decided to concentrate on dlc's rather than the fixes that the game requires, is beyond me. Such a shame too, was really hoping my PC would manage. Bad move Squeenix, bad move."
,Not Recommended,225540,23992048,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Arvind,No Sli support.
76561198028506199,Not Recommended,225540,23713029,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Bren926,"Very, very poorly made. Graphics and mechanics are fun, but it's so poorly optimized that it's barely playable.But don't expect that to be fixed anytime soon. Expect overpriced DLC."
76561198088685602,Recommended,225540,19491188,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,SLip,I have an NVIDIA 970 and Personally I am never getting lower than 60 fps on ultra. If you have an NVIDIA graphics card you will have no problem playing this game. But i have heard that if you have anything else you experiance loads of problems when running the game so buyers beware and I am sure that they will eventully make a patch.
76561198119195734,Not Recommended,225540,19438374,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SoulxJY,"Well the thing is, I thought the game was already so slow but realized I couldnt run even a 10 fps on my i5, GT 840m on lowest grapics. I know Avalanche Studios will realized the problem and send in patch right away, but until then, im on the negativeWish you best luck, Avalanche Studio"
76561198056795767,Recommended,225540,20002102,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SubZer0,game is dope!
76561198017165427,Not Recommended,225540,29977956,Posted: 16 February,all,Draken,The 1.6 hours on record were all spent troubleshooting tech issues.  I could not get the game to even load (took over an hour just to get it past the online login).  Stay far away.
,Recommended,225540,19782322,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,LORDDEREX (Beta),"I recommend this game, it is like JC2 in many ways, but this time its not as much items to pick up (I think its better this way), This time all weapons and cars are not upgradeable, but by playing challanges u can earn gears, and with those u can unlock stuff like boost, more nades, etcGet in and kick some♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,225540,23605927,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Kenguy,Very repetitve
,Not Recommended,225540,34493731,Posted: 25 August,all,Blablabity,"Core gameplay and mechanics are fun but constantly hampered by the tedious tasks, meaningless missions, and nonexistent story. You know those challenges in games like Far Cry and GTA that you always skip? All upgrades are locked behind those, and many are bugged. Waste of time."
,Not Recommended,225540,24040128,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,avp234,Bought this game i have loved all the games in this series. I didn't even get to play this game because i can't even get it to open in fullscreen and its not worth the trouble id i can't even get it to open in fullscreen. i'll wait till i can get it on a console for dirt cheap i would not recommend to anyone.
76561198323284123,Not Recommended,225540,29981249,Posted: 17 February,all,SeekNDstroy,Played the game for 44 minutes crashed two times can't say much good about it. I can play other high end games with no issues.
76561198187030634,Recommended,225540,21228350,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Emperor Corrupt,Mario: Rico-Mario Frigo Is Your Man.Rico: Can You Fly The Helicopter?Mario: Mario Frigo Is Not Your Man.
76561198055189316,Recommended,225540,20495395,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,eBest,"The Just Cause series is great and this game has continued the trend. For the most part I really enjoy playing it however there are a few improvements which would make the game even better.Pros:- it's beautiful- wingsuit is really fun- movements are very fluid and intuitive- hilarious gameplay and dialogue- infinite supply of bavarium explosives (basically triggered explosives from JC2)Cons:- no minimap or healthbar- requires a fairly new graphics card (I could play Just Cause 2 on max settings but I can just barely run JC3 on minimum settings)- the camera always gets too close to your vehicle if you crash into something or fly off a cliff, makes it annoying to drive- you can't unlock gear mods by just using your kit in combat... you HAVE to do the challenges or else no mods for you- storyline is repetitive... starts feeling like you're doing the same missions over and over again (even pointed out in dialogue that you've done the same exact thing before)"
76561198055213517,Recommended,225540,19773487,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Zenon,"if you enjoyed JC2, you will probably enjoy this too."
,Not Recommended,225540,20066661,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Gat8r,Runs worse than my dead grandma
,Recommended,225540,19746782,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Soiley,"Very noice,fun game! The destruction is AMAZING!The devs really worked hard on this one!I recommend for everyone!"
,Recommended,225540,19760193,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,NarutoSuperSayin,amazing game 8/10 absolutelybeautiful game however it would be a 10/10 if it wasnt for the constant crashes glitches and annoying difficulty spikes tht come from no where
76561198112482501,Recommended,225540,19441564,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Zoomeri,"I. Love. This. Game.I loved Just Cause 2 with all of my heart.. but now Just Cause 3 has stolen that love.Why? Because this game has better graphics than real life! It kind of makes me want to blow up a large tank filled with gas or whatever just to see what it actually looks like. Not just the graphics make me love this game though, the grappling device is probably the greatest game idea of all time. I mean how can you go wrong being able to pull down large objects and watch chaos ensue? Or maybe string together multiple enemies and drag them behind your super sport car, or you could be nice and help old ladies across the street... quickly... and violently. I also like the gear mod idea but honestly, will probably just get a mod that unlocks them all lol. Oh yeah, the map is very very very large. Even with a cool wingsuit to get around, the map is still so big, and it's all Rico's too destroy.10/10 will continue to destroy Di Ravello's hopes and dreams one military base at a time..."
,Recommended,225540,26804120,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LagMasterD,"This game is not for everyone. But if you love open world games where you can do what ever you want with a good moding community, look no further. Hopefully the multiplayer mod will be released soon too!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19559430,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SoapyBanana,"I Really wanted to love this. Since the first trailer I was overwhelmed with hype, however, here it is.Ill start by saying, this game is beautiful, graphically speaking.Again, HOWEVER, the pc port is porely optimised, and I was getting huge frame drops, on a  GTX 970.Though the wingsuit is a GREAT feature, I found myself getting bored, as the story missions are locked behind repetitive liberations, where you blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. BLOWING♥♥♥♥♥♥UP IS GREAT, especially in a game about blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up, you'd expect it to be. sigh, HOWEVER, the novelty of blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up quickly wears off, and the story becomes increasingly stale.It lacks an FOV slider. cmon, guys, there is also no ability to remap gamepad controls. wtf?I decided to go for keyboard+mouse, and remap the controls to jc2's. big mistake. for the controls to properly function you need to dive into the games files, and remap them there, otherwise there is overlap, that can't be changed. (I'm looking at you, ""F"" key.)This game has, without a doubt, the prettiest explosions, and prettiest world, in pc gaming for this year. (excluding GTA V), props to avalanche for that.Aiming in requires an unlock. And spriting is gone aswell, I'm going to overlook this, as the game has a lot of controls, and it is supposed to be a console game, at heart, but seriously.Like i mentioned at the start, I REALLY WANTED TO LOVE THIS, but it's fallen flat on its face, compared to Just Cause 2.5/10. perhaps a patch can solve a few of the issues, performance wise, if so, ill bump it up to a 6.Verdict: Buy it, play it for a bit, see if you like it, if not, refund it, like I unfortunately did. Have Fun."
,Recommended,225540,19459142,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Joni Depth,"The best game i've ever played!The only bad things is the driving is still pretty bad (Still much better than Just cause 2) and the controls are pretty hard to master cause there's so many features, for example: Explosives - Caps Lock. Although you can Change the control, its to many so its hard to use keyboard, i havn't try using the controller I think it's prefect.I heard the problem with AMD users and i hope they can fix it so AMD users can play the games too.:)"
,Recommended,225540,21313356,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Potato,"This is one of the best games that i have ever played, if not the best.But should you buy it?Short answer. Depends how well your computer can perform, and how much money you want to spend.This is a great game, very stunning, this includes the vehicles, Rico himself and just the world.  The weapons are great, flying around is fun, pretty easy to get used to the controls. Some downsides to this game is that it is very short, it is easy to finish and liberate all of the areas. Also the motorbike controls are horrible on both keyboard and controller. Back to the main point, should you get this. If you have Just Cause 2, then yes, it's a good sequel. If you don't have Just Cause 2 and you are not sure if you will like this seris, then get Just Cause 2. If your computer sucks, then Just Cause 2. But if you have the money and a great PC, then i highly reccomend you get this game, it is fun to mess around and beat your friends on the in-game leaderboard."
,Not Recommended,225540,21909764,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Zen,Can't even ♥♥♥♥in play the game with the ♥♥♥♥ing Log in failing all the damn time.
,Recommended,225540,19622627,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Sir Douchebagel the Super Hoagie,"Just Cause 3 is great. And I mean great. Although my computer matches the recommended stats, it does run quite slow, but the fact that it is so fun outweighs that, and the explosions are pretty. Although other people say it crashes, I have only have that happen once in the 40 hours I have played."
,Recommended,225540,29281322,Posted: 15 January,all,icydec,first of all they fixed the framerate problem second of all it's more optimized then you think.people say the story is bad but i like the storythis game to me is a 8/10
76561198171032563,Recommended,225540,23634077,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,MoonMan,The game is amazing. But the port makes me want to kill myself. I'm running my computer withWindows 10Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-4460CPU 3.4Ghz8GB of RAMGTX 970 and it still gives me lag spikes every hundred minutes. Overall its a good game but needs a few more patches and taken care of.Thumbs up
76561198126939378,Recommended,225540,30052042,Posted: 19 February,all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"Rico Rodriguez is back, and oh boy, he is better than ever :)The premise of Just Cause is simple, free a country by blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up. all of the♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can rebuild later. but what makes it such a highlight and fun to play is the freedom and sheer size of the destruction and havok you're wreaking.Pros:- Kawoom, Rico, Kawoom.- so pretty, so big- a ton of vehicles, from motorbikes to tanks and helicopters and boats, you decide your mode of transportation.- hilarious fun- the good old grappling hook.- wingsuit!!- wide array of weapons at your disposal. all have a unique feel to them and make dispatching the faceless goons De Raviolli a pleasure- on a sale you get quite the bang for your buck. it is huuuuge.- beautifully designed towns and landscape.- huge military bases for you to obliterate- sandbox mode after you finish the game. have bases and towns be retaken by the remnants of Di Raviloli's forces and enjoy the fun once more- the radio announcer!! those messages after you destroyed military bases are the best :DCons:- repetitive. seriously, you'll do the same thing over and over again. but if you're cool with blowing everything to smithereens then JC3 wll not disappoint- can be heavy on your rig.- aiming is still a ♥♥♥♥♥ with a controller- upgrades are tied to challenges.-  somehow it does not connect to the internet or SE servers :/- does start to stutter a bit after some playtime (midn you, the rig I'm playing on only has 8Gb of RAM)- some times absolutely silly and unexplainable deathsVerdict:After 30 hours of utter destruction and total mayhem I am more than happy with what I got. Being wildy in love with JC2, the third expanded on the gameplay and ""professional deconstruction"" in all the right ways. Expansive, over the top, absolutely silly and with gorgeous graphics, JC3 is a must for any that enjoys rather mindless murder sprees.From my experience the game runs very smoothely on a medium rig and mix of medium/high settings with barely a fps drop or stutter. Loading times are appropriate for the size.Get it, no doubt :)"
76561198025678815,Recommended,225540,29992178,Posted: 17 February,all,AngelButtLicker,"This game is a lot of fun, and now with the multiplayer mod(https://just-cause.mp/)you can play with friends. What I like most is that when I have time to play and can just jump on and blow some stuff up for a couple of hours. The story is much better than JC2 also."
76561198088053842,Recommended,225540,29553003,Posted: 28 January,all,Datsurb,"I love this game. Beautiful environments, beautiful graphics, beautiful explosion, brutal murdering, everything is great. However, there are some bugs that could be fixed, and you should really double check that your system can handle this game before buying it."
76561198264351156,Recommended,225540,29769920,Posted: 7 February,all,Butch Mcree,its good
,Not Recommended,225540,24837431,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Erika,worst optimization ever
,Not Recommended,225540,29996270,Posted: 17 February,all,The Dirtiest Dan,Couldn't even start the game
,Not Recommended,225540,23898080,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mr5tanley,"Bad framerate, memory leaks, this game has too many issues. The only reason I played it for 35+ hours is because it worked fine on my laptop. Not my gaming PC, though."
,Not Recommended,225540,29697358,Posted: 4 February,all,SLUGGER,"Crashes. Crashes. More crashes. The game is fun if you can get it to run for more than an hour or so. It's the only game I have where a recommendation to fix issues is to ""buy more RAM"". I don't have issues with any other game that I can think of. After all this time they should have addressed the crashing issues with this game. Instead, they release DLC. I cannot recommend this game."
76561198348466600,Recommended,225540,31386417,Posted: 26 April,all,karmishth007,"Epic game for gamers who want chaos. I'm in love with it's graphics, story and gameplay. The first game I bought on steam is just cause 3.😄😄"
76561198102744213,Recommended,225540,19610320,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Skillerfox,"AMD:Lagspikessome visual glitches...still got 62 hours of great fun, because, you know, unlike some people, i can take it..."
76561198213520811,Recommended,225540,21395905,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Cringy,cool game
,Recommended,225540,20956408,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,oo wee,"If there was a sport for ""fun games"", this would take the platinum medal."
76561198138033211,Recommended,225540,20336349,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,xiroman3,Wow! Great story and EPIC destrcution. Age appropriate alternitive for youngsters that want GTA 5.
,Recommended,225540,30169780,Posted: 25 February,all,Charles,"Fairly decent game, ran well on my PC - though many people report bad framerates. Nice graphics, huge open world, but if you're going to get it, get the XL version because getting around is a painful process without the jetpack. Easy to mod and download save files and the new Just Cause 3 MP mod is gives a new life to the game. I recommend getting this game, but only if it's discounted, as the non discounted price tag is far too much to ask for considering this is a game from 2015."
76561198081448009,Recommended,225540,29950622,Posted: 15 February,all,DISNEY CHANNEL FLOW,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥but it's a great game.
,Not Recommended,225540,24191369,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,schwarz_metaller,"Just Cause 3 is kind of a mixed bag, honestly.In terms of gameplay, it takes all you like on JC2 and adds some more 'sense' to the orgy of destruction. While you basically could destroy most of the infrastructure of Panau in JC2, it was totally pointless. There was no liberation of the cities, soldier stayed where the were etc. Now there's actual liberation.Also the missions are better in my opinion. There is no more 'go somewhere, protect the technician, mow down everything with the minigun' anymore.Generally speaking, the difficulty is higher and you die more often (sometimes because the controls are not as smooth as they were in JC2).I could totally live with that....what I can't live with, are the technical aspects of the game:it crashes on a regular basis - you can't play two consecutive missions. While I don't suffer from the graphics issues of other players, the game crashes after about 20 minutes of play.My system (i5 3570s/2*4GB DDR3-1600 Corsair, Intel DH77EB, Sapphire Radeon R9 380 4GB, Samsung 850Evo SSD, 450W 80+Platinum PSU, 24 inch screen@1920*1200px, Win7 Pro x64, running latest drivers, Windows patch level and BIOS).Long story short: I want to love this game. But in this technical state, I can't."
76561198026079898,Not Recommended,225540,24198456,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,dgrant2561,"Early disclaimer, I have not played the game for more than a few hours after just buying it.  However, much of this is due to the latest patch which screwed up the ability to retain keyboard bindings.  This makes it necessary to reprogram your keyboard controls every single time you fire up the game.  As a result, I have quit playing the game and seriously regret spending the money on it.  My first impression of the actual game is that it isn't much different than Just Cause 2.  It is still fun blowing things up and running around an open world, albeit boring and the same everywhere.  But, the keyboard binding issue is a show stopper and I do not recommend anybody purchase the game until a patch fixes the issue with programming the keyboard.  If it is never fixed, never buy it.  I blame myself for not reading the reviews before pulling the pin on the purchase.  My bad...."
,Not Recommended,225540,24212288,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Scabarat123,"Horribly optimized, tried everything but it still stutters. It is barely playble with the stuttering."
,Not Recommended,225540,23871674,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The Rekt,"Gameplay is fun when it doesn't lag like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but after completing the story there isn't really anything new to do. Too few settlements to conquer and they are all quite similar.The biggest reason why I can't recommend the game are the performance issues. I don't have a top-end PC, but can run most games at medium-high settings. Not the case with Just Cause 3. I was able to barely play for a few hours straight with 60fps on the lowest possible settings, but after the DLC's I can't run the game at all anymore. The problems have existed since day one and all this time we have gotten promises that fixes are coming, but the community has really been let down with Just Cause 3.Only buy it on sale if you have a ♥♥♥♥ing beastly PC."
76561198028367195,Not Recommended,225540,24410657,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,supesandbats,"I was skeptical starting the game because of the middling reviews.Initially, it was awesome, loading times were fine, it wasn't breaking down, it was playing normally, which should not be an achievment in game design. The game released should work.After about 25 hrs, bugs started showing up. The game would crash on loading everytime and require me to exit steam then relaunch, which fixed it. Then it started to struggle with on screen activity, large destruction caused some temporary freezing and stuttering. If the gamepad was on when the game launched, it wouldn't recognize it, and I had to turn the controller off then on to get it going. Eventually the freezing locked the whole PC up an required a restart.One session, the left trigger on the gamepad wouldn't work, so I couldn't fire rockets. And I tested the controller on multiple games, and its a problem specific to Just Cause 3.Its a bummer to put in time and watch the game play worse and worse, especially on a larger release like this."
,Recommended,225540,30019818,Posted: 18 February,all,DJ Kled,1. Start the game2. find a RPG3. Shoot4. Watch the world burnThis is the fun part but the game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimized like GTA IV with more laggs :/
76561198254836640,Recommended,225540,32731418,Posted: 24 June,all,DarthDragon,cool
,Recommended,225540,25038423,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Stephen,"Everything is interactable, so check what you have running in the background. I enjoy the time I have put into the game thus far and look forward to working more on the story mission. This is an open world game, so you can liberate the cities/forts/etc. in the order you wish. Below is a little video of me showing it, my machine stats are this:i7 4770; 16 gb 1866mhz; SSD; (SLI) dual Asus GTX 970 Strix OC 4gbhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-25WVUjNA0"
76561198294519926,Recommended,225540,30056304,Posted: 20 February,all,GodOfGames csgolive.com,i think this game is the best of the series ive always been a fan o the just cause series so if you like destruction and explosions and more explosions i recamend this game to you :)
,Not Recommended,225540,19423891,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,blogmaster,"No SLI support mars what should be a wonderful game. The official report is that Just Cause 3's engine doesn't support multi-gpu setups. However, the recent Mad Max game, on the same engine, had no problems with SLI support. It's unfortunate that Avalanche didn't think to mention before release that a significant number of players wouldn't be able to play the game they were excited for. Refunded."
76561198088762953,Recommended,225540,23792012,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Rob241abc,A brilliant game! There's a massive map with lots to do in each corner of it. A few performance issues but I still definitely recommend getting it.
,Not Recommended,225540,29630740,Posted: 1 February,all,Qwiso,"I've had a lot of fun with this game but the further I get the less I enjoy itThe voice acting is awesome. The story is awesome. It looks really good, stable fps at max settings. And of course tons of ""Just Cause"" momentsAt some point during the story they switch to using NON-ANIMATED CUTSCENES. What a cheap cop-out. Very dumbEnemy spawning is terrible!! Things instantly *poof* into existence right next to you. Behind you. Above you. I've lost SO many choppers because they spawn enemy ones right next to me in the middle of the air. Just instantly. It's really badBoats are really killing my fun as they are hard to deal with. If you don't focus the AI boats, their machine guns will cut you down with perfect hitscan bullets from ANY LOS possible. Even through weak cover sometimes.What's worse is the movement mechanics on a boat are stupidly clunky. You walk very slowly, like sneaking. And finding the door from anywhere except being grappled to the helm is awkward because of the bad movement mechanics. Further, if AI calls reinforcements from a boat then the icon will sometimes get stuck. This entirely blocks view of the boat and the baddies. Stupidly frustrating when that happensHere's a boat ripping me apart from ~250m away. It's really not fun to experience this and it happens ... alot. It's a map of islands after allhttp://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/89345971223120666/8BB51024A866A33B4726A0E3CD0CAE1AC7D0D400/And here is the stuck reinforcement iconhttp://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/89345971223126252/91454B50A2379B162F90504ED8BFA0D0D445A001/Lastly, I have my experience CONSTANTLY interrupted by server disconnects. It's a single player game so that's obviously frustrating. You can choose ""offline mode"" but as if to add insult to injury, the game will periodically FORCE attempts to reconnect! I don't give a crap about JohnnyNobody who beat all my feats 4hrs ago ... when I choose ""offline mode"" it should do/be what it says ...Opened my map? Better check online statsPopped my chute to climb? Better try to check online statsGot a lucky headshot from a long way away? You better be damn sure it wants to check online statsAny other of a few dozens triggers? Better check stats!NOT ONLINE? FORCE THE RECONNECT, OBVIOUSLY! And what happens when it fails to reconnect? You have to choose ""offline mode"" again and start this cycle over. Really, really breaking my experience with this game"
,Recommended,225540,32843668,Posted: 26 June,all,Rastanza,"In this game, you play as Mexican Ironman who returns to his home of Italian North Korea to destroy everything because Saddam Hussein won't let the USA play with his toys.10/10"
,Not Recommended,225540,23152452,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,purspike,Turn game on.Perform online login.Unsuccessful.Play a bit.Perform online login.Unsuccessful.Quit game.Uninstall.
,Not Recommended,225540,32949286,Posted: 28 June,all,Erik w/ a K,"Worst game I have ever played. JC3 is a dump on JC2, which was one of my top games at the time. This game is FAR too animated and looks much faker then JC2, it crashes, lags, and fullscreen windowed is a joke. You would expect bugs to be fixed within two years of the game being released, but nope. It is a fun game but its flaws make it almost unplayable. 3/10."
76561198166620870,Not Recommended,225540,24986178,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"What could have been otherwise a very enjoyable experience, it's held back by technical flaws.The good:+Huge map with exploration. Caves, mountains, ocean, towns, fields, etc.+Gluiding mechanic is fun and takes patience to master+Array of vehichles and weapons+Enemy bases are well made+Quests, Side-Quests and Take-Overs. Tons to do!+Nice sense of scaleThe weird:÷Where's the real Rico, what is this new Rico?÷Horrid voice acting, even if it's ""supposed"" to be campy÷Physics can be really good or really bad÷The map just isn't as good as JC2's map.÷Graphics can be awesome or dullThe bad:-PC with 4.5ghz cpu, 1080ti gpu and 16gb ram can't run it optimally-Physics cause ""funny"" glitches-Random closes/crashes-Won't even start up on some pc's regardless of OS-Denuvo did wreck this game to the point where not even the best pc's can run it fairlyEven after all this time, there are tons of bugs. It looks like Squeenix tried to fix them and in the process created a bunch of new ones. What more do you want from a AAA game?"
76561198236645752,Recommended,225540,19412107,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ohadraz,JC3 IS AMAZING everything i have expected the graphics are great and the wingsuit is just mind blowing i love it!dont be fooled by the reviews just buy it!
76561198056146874,Not Recommended,225540,19422027,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,creamy memey,GET THIS GAME ON CONSOLES OH GOD NO.
,Not Recommended,225540,23614290,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Will_S,The best part is blowing everything up and gliding across the skykina gets boring after around 20 hours of gameplaylook elsewhere if you wanna play a game that manages to keep itself fresh for a long time
76561198039223370,Not Recommended,225540,23780931,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,YOWHAZGOOD,"STEAM REFUNDS, PRAISE BE"
76561198340037306,Recommended,225540,30022541,Posted: 18 February,all,RaptorHunter303,I think just cause 3 is a good game for those who love explosions.
,Recommended,225540,31134859,Posted: 14 April,all,MarkoMarijan,"Great game!-Big open land to explore-You can destroy pretty much everything-Great graphics and realistic gameplay-The Setting of the world is lush and BrilliantThe game is for people who like destruction like me and i would recommend it.Bad things about the game!-I would say its overpriced but not a waste-Something i would have liked is that you can customize you're own character, but sadly you can't-Must have a good pc for the game to run smoothlyI would only consider  to buy this game if it is on sale.Sorry if my english is bad, i am learning :D"
,Not Recommended,225540,20361977,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Umbrae,"Cannot play oflfine, forced DRM is a real ♥♥♥♥♥.  I tried to run this game behind a firewall (I have a portable computer that I can update at home just for this reason).   This game will not launch without an active dial home... So even if you are online, but games are filted by a firewall, forget it.   I was on the fence about recomended this game or not, that DRM kills it.Pro:ExplosionsFlyingGrappeling things to things - You cannot have more fun than hanging enimies in a jeep from a cave roof. grappling a helicopter to a huge rockCons:Limited varity - every town liberation is the same basic thing.No reall stand out locations.   There is some varity of terrain, but nothing to say you are in X city or Y port.  Each city and port could be swapped out and no one would  notice.No challange - Rico is a god among men, with a pistol and using none of his other abilties he can take on an army.  Add in the grappler, wing suit and drops, the enemy should be giving up.   I tend to die most often from SAM sites respawning or de hacking themselves more than the actual AI.   In fact the time I am most at risk is trying to take a helicopter, as for some reasons SAM's aim at you while hanging outside of one too.Unlimited flying - Seriously between the parachute and the wingsuit you never have to touch the ground.  it is faster than a car, and always availbe... outside of long trips over the ocean all vehicles in this game are just toys with no purpose.TL:DR - If you truly enjoyed the random explosions and chaos of JC2, this game is worth a look (I'd wait for a sale).   If you want anyting at all more than that, keep playing JC2, this game is a mild upgrade to it."
76561198091383410,Recommended,225540,32879107,Posted: 27 June,all,roks89,"Thats one of the best games i ever play its just awesome game its like gta on stereoids and better ,game play is awesome great game must have for all players!!"
,Recommended,225540,31495495,Posted: 1 May,all,Not-At-All-Scary Minus,One of the best Hooker Killing Simulators I've ever played!...and probably the only one.
,Not Recommended,225540,20731594,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Filwill,It's a fun game but it has been months and the performance issues are still there.  They make the game unplayable if you're one of the lucky people to suffer from them.  Every time there's a patch I get my hopes up and every time they still haven't made any improvements.  They just say that they're still working on it.I wish they didn't pass this off onto the B-team.  It should have been so much better.
,Not Recommended,225540,21643573,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,EndlesS.,"I personally love Just Cause series. But this one is totally unstable!I dropped all configs to low or off just to be sure that the problem isn't my hardware. I have a video footage if the devs are interested.I run any game on ultra with this rig. No reason for Just Cause 3 to run poorly like that.Neil Gortz announced on march 4, that a fix for these stutterings will be released within a week. I'll wait until march 12 for this issue to be resolved, or I'll get a refund and wait for the devs to fix that in order to buy the game again. I want the game, but it's actually unplayable. I just can't pay for a game I can't play.My specs:i5-46902x4GB DDR3 1866MHzASUS GTX 970 Strix (4GB VRAM)Windows 10 (Windows 8.1 Pro before)Game settings tested:- 1920x1080, all maxed out.- 1920x1080, all low/off.[EDIT]Also, forgot to say: it takes 627 days, 3 hours, 5 minutes and 8 seconds to launch the game, and 315 more days to load the game and resume your save.And when you quit the game, it LOOKS like it has crashed, freezed and repeating the clicking sound of button for about 7 seconds until it closes.And I repeat: no other game has this bad behaviour. And be sure: I have games pretty much heavier than this one. Best example for this situation: Rise of Tomb Raider. Square Enix game, freaking heavy, but works perfectly.[UPDATE]I've updated to Windows 10, for upcoming DirectX 12 games, and I figured out that the stutterings on this game are gone. The problem of really long load and launch time are still the same.Waiting for a fix![UPDATE]Nooo! The stutterings are back! Even on Windows 10! >:(I just don't understand why this happens... It's freaking horrible.[UPDATE]Started having connection issues to Square Enix servers, and then, having my game paused some times (still not constantly, as reported by some users).Also, the game is now crashing very often.I'm preatty disappointed with Square Enix and Avalanche Studios. The game would be awesome without all these horrible and senseless stutterings and crashes.Pause making DLCs and fix this game! How you want people buy DLCs when they can't even play the base game?!"
,Not Recommended,225540,23819270,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,McHatin,would recomend but side missions are bugged cannot complete to 100 %
76561197960467529,Not Recommended,225540,24325717,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,onslaught,"Pros:Fun blowing up cities and military bases and creating chaos in general.Wingsuit is nice new mechanic for getting around the map.Cons:Constant crashes.Very slow startup time.Controls are sluggish. Vehicles are undrivable.Missions get in the way of the game more than furthering the game.Despite having checkpoints in missions, if the game crashes mid-mission then the mission must be restarted.While easy enough to remap, the default key for the grapling hook in JC2 is the default key for throwing grenades in JC3"
,Recommended,225540,29952559,Posted: 15 February,all,[KYS] $ascha_2k,Pros :- Graphics- Humour & Story- Map size- ModsCons :- Horribly optimized- Gameplay
,Not Recommended,225540,30048443,Posted: 19 February,all,Punished Squidward,"Before I start this review, if you have at least 32 gigs of ram, buy this game, go ahead. It's a genuinely good game. But the disgusting scummy devs are what prevent me from giving this game a positive review. I'm a diehard just cause fan. I've played the second game and I played the hell out of it on PS3 and I even repurchased on pc because I wanted to relive the nostalgia of blowing up♥♥♥♥♥♥ However I really wanted to play just cause 3, it was on sale for a really nice price, I bought it, but what I didn't know was that I was getting cheated, the scummy devs of the game haven't bothered to fix a MAJOR fps and stutter issue that's been in the game since release. There have been thousands of cries like mine throughout the game community which these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs have completely ignored, and instead of easily fixing these issues, the devs add expansions and dlc. Disgusting. Broken unplayable game, cheating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers. Do not buy this game!!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19455664,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,w+m1,"So, i've been waiting years for this game to come out. I was a huge fan of JC2 and went all in on JC3. JC2 did a lot of things well, and JC3 looked to build off of that. But there are definetly issues, and I would not recommend this game to anyone until they are addressed.1. The game takes forever and a day to start. and THEN it has to ""login"", which also takes forever. I clocked it at 1min30S to get to the ACTUAL menu that lets you start the game.2. they want you to submit support issues to a terribly designed, unusuable support portal. what a joke. I'm happy to communicate issues instead of write a bad review, but their support portal is truly terrible and is more a hommage to support, like its an obligation, than a portal that is serious about fielding support and feedback. Needlessly beurocratic and specific, when all you should be giving me is a big textbox. That raises questions for me about how serious they are about making this a great game and listening to user feedback; because it's the same kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥you'd expect from EA.3. Its 'E'  to get into a vehicle, but good luck figuring out how to get out of a vehicle. maybe it's apce? maybe it's W, or A? one of them seems to do it eventually, but it's not at all what i would normally expect or do.4. the tutorial system, meant to clarify how to use the game, manages to be confusing. JC2 had one too, but it was a good one. It's unconnected from what you need to do, not clear, and more annoyance than helpful. really really wish this was better, because they've done better in the past; which makes it so frustrating. I don't know how you could create this and use this and think its overall a good idea.5. can't `esc` to exit map. MUST hit tab again. boo. can't 'esc' to exit menu, have tohit...CTRL???who designes this nonsense?6. 'F' used to be grapple in JC2, now is explosives. have made that mistakemany many times. Perhaps more an annoying learning curve, but equally its annoying that keybindings would change so much between versions; makes going between JC2/JC3 painful. But, its not like the change is illogical; grappling is now considered a primary action, in place of the weapon switch.7. GET RID OF THE SOCIAL. I want MULTIPLAYER not some nonsense leaderboard against people I don't know or care about. If I can't play with my friends, it's a single player game. Who thought this was a good idea? Really? because they should be fired.8. No way to start the game in offline mode, or skip login, or anything. i never want to be online with this game!If/once the above issues are fixed, I can recommend the game, because it is otherwise a good game. They focused on fun and not restrictions, and it shows. There's lots to love, to be honest. But, the above issues are not nothing, sans #6. They improved the drops so you can airdrop a few things, which I definetly wanted in JC2. So, they aren't just making a JC3 to milk the fanbase, but they are going to need to release fixes and patches to make this game better than JC2. Which, it can be, if they address the issues. If/when they do, I will update my review/recommendation."
76561198024047929,Not Recommended,225540,25076599,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Idouts,Fix. Your. Goddamned. Game.Oh yeah it ran fine for just long enough for the steam refund system to not help me!Now I cant even play the damn game because it runs my computer out of memory instantly.Nowhere I go can I find a fix for it and from what I can see the developers are not interested in addressing the problem.If you think 16GB of ram and an 8GB graphics card isn't adequate to run this game then you have absolutely no business talking about computers.
76561198035462787,Recommended,225540,25516131,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,BaMi,PROS :- GTA on steroids.- Basically you are Spiderman + Batman + James ♥♥♥♥ing Bond combined.- One of the best open world games to ♥♥♥♥ around with.CONS :- Requires more than a regular computer system to run smoothly.- Repetitive.So if you have the required system and liked the preview just go for it all the way.7.5/10
,Not Recommended,225540,19416709,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,AngelValse,"well nice destruction and open world, but no for stuttering and fps drop.Better wait for first patch"
76561198081822129,Recommended,225540,19789310,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,LunchBox,"Just Cause 3 had some glitches in the beginning. They made some patches and it had cleared up some of the issues.I recommend this game to anyone who has enjoyed the past Just Cause games. In my personal opinion, I like Just Cause 2 better. I don't know if this is becuase that was my first experience with Just Cause, or if it was truly a better game.Either way, its a great game!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19447063,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,"Sir, Master, Cole.","Not at all what I was promised. The car handling is even worse than in the previous Just Cause, the physics are broken, an always on aim-assist is present, enemies pop into existence right in front of you and the graphics look straight outta 2009. The bland story and characters don't exactly help either, nor does the games overall performance. My 980 struggles to hit a steady frame rate and drops from 70 to 30 very often. The drawing distance is also very limited, and the lack of an FOV slider makes it pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to both drive and aim.So in conclusion:I was promised a well optimised game that would address issues present in previous titles, and was instead given this bug-ridden sad excuse of a console port. Shame on you Avalanche Studios, shame on you.Ps.Forgot to mention that the game also features everyones favorite anti-piracy measure - always online DRM. :)"
,Not Recommended,225540,20365023,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,igagfssgfii,"Blasting things is fun, but missions have game-breaking glitches. I'd suggest waiting until the game is (hopefully) patched."
,Recommended,225540,19465447,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Rum Ham,"Wow, when I saw the announcement trailer for this game I did not really think much of it.But now, I've played it, I LOVE IT!Just Cause 3 is a game about the island of Medici that is being overruled by a tyrant and dictator named Di Ravello who is harvesting the element Bavarium to control the island, you and the rebel alliance try to over throw Di Ravello and capture Medici.You may be thinking, so what? Sounds exactly like Just Cause 2. in Just Cause 2 theres an island that you are trying to take back from a dictator and tyrant called President Panau, pretty much the same game. No, its not.The level of destruction and freedom in Just Cause 2 is tiny compared to what you can do in Just Cause 3. You see a helicopter, grappling hook it to the support of a bridge and reel it in, this not only blows up the helicopter it will blow up the bridge, if you are lucky enough to do this to a railway bridge as a train goes over it, the train will fall off of the bridge and explode, honestly its great!"
,Recommended,225540,19657958,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,PolarBear,"Before I begin I have a few things to say.1. Excuse my grammar im not a good speller :P2. Here are my computers specs:GeForce GTX 760 (192-bit)Intel Core i7-4770 CPU @ 3.40GHz8.00 GB RAM (7.92 GB usable)1920 x 1090, 60hz monitor resolutionMicrosoft Windows 10 Home3. Here are the Just Cause 3 Recomended specsOS: Vista SP2 / Windows 7.1 SP1 / Windows 8.1 (64-bit Operating System Required)Processor: Intel Core i7-3770, 3.4 GHz / AMD FX-8350, 4.0 GHzMemory: 8 GB RAMGraphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780 (3GB) / AMD R9 290 (4GB)Storage: 54 GB available spaceAs you can see my specs aren't dramaticly worse than the recomended specs, yet I still can't run this game on LOW settings with everything turned off. I have tried a couple of things to make my FPS better including not allowing online services, and even setting Taskmanager priority to high. Why didn't I give this game a bad review then? Well, with the 11 hours I have played with 10fps I've actually been able to have a good amount of fun, I know this game is definitly amazing if you have the computer to run it. I'd just make sure you have A LOT better than the recomended specs. I currently have a support ticket in with Avalanch Studios to see what I can do to run this game better.Hope this helped,PolarBear"
76561198010934172,Recommended,225540,19403058,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,I just wanna be pure,"Im not sure why everyone is complaining, but im gettings 100+ FPS on max settings at 1440p with a 980ti, and keep in mind the drivers arnt even out until tomorrow. Graphically this game looks great and I havnt seen excessive pop-ins either."
76561198105185390,Recommended,225540,19719754,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,A walking Rainbow Six meme,"The only 2 bad things that I've found with this game is that the Car Handling sucks (I have the feeling they did this on purpose, so that players could learn the Wingsuit, parachute and grappling hook) and that the game slightly studders a bit, but it's always noticable. Although, usually it's still acceptable. The storyline...Well, I don't really care for the story on any game, But the storyline is probably good. The idea of liberating area's is also pretty good, and it's my favourite part of the game."
76561198100739126,Recommended,225540,19439872,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,TheBelgianWaffle™,"Steven Hawkin runs better than this game... Otherwise fun game, lot's of fun"
,Not Recommended,225540,19446954,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Farmer Matt,"An amazing game, but riddled with so much performance issues (with AMD cards especially), that I can't recommend it until Avalanche fixes it.Some people report that ground textures can't load, and I can't play the game for 5 seconds without my frame rate dropping to 30 frames a second (especially whenever there is an explosion).What I would do if you haven't already bought the game: Just Wait 3.EDIT 9/1/16 - Performance issues haven't been fixed for me and many others. Still cannot recommend it. Cmon Avalanche, you going to pump out more DLC or actually fix your game?"
76561198095408247,Not Recommended,225540,33155398,Posted: 2 July,all,soucy,fix the bugs
76561197984000284,Not Recommended,225540,19432366,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,R@N@R0K,This is deplorable.Completely unplayable. looks like its in early Alpha.Just Cause 2 played seamlessly. Just Cause 3 is a dogs breakfast.Ive never wanted a refund from a game purchase before but this warrants one.
76561198023786197,Not Recommended,225540,29988553,Posted: 17 February,all,cloverasx,"Bought this on sale because it was a great deal and I'd been wanting to play it for a while, however after (attempting) playing for about an hour I had to give up. At the loading screen, I waited a few minutes to get the game started and when I finally got into the main menu so I could adjust my graphics settings, my RAM maxed out (16GB with nothing major running in the background, skype and discord maybe) and I couldn't get back out of the game as it froze my computer. After rebooting, the game seemed to work, though hitchy, for a few minutes. I thought maybe it would iron itself out after those few minutes and it didn't. For reference I would be running 60fps for a few seconds, then it would drop to 1-2fps for a few seconds, then back up to 60fps. I tried to drop the graphics settings down relatively low and produced no better results. I would have loved to play this game, but if developers can't get their games working right I will definitely spend my money elsewhere. The game doesn't seem to run bad on all systems though; it seems to be the ""wrong"" combination of equipment, whether it's not the right processor, gpu, RAM, etc.System specs for anyone troubleshooting planning on buying:i5 6600kGTX 1070Corsaire Vengeance DDR4 2x8GBWD Blue 500GB HDD (Windows)Seagate Barracuda 7200.14 2TB HDD (Games)"
76561198027041794,Not Recommended,225540,19465719,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,shamer,"Unplayable for me.    Will return.oh,  AMD user 290x"
,Not Recommended,225540,19436573,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Spooky Pleb,"Sad to see the NY office don't live up to Stockholm office in terms of performance.Also engine don't support mGPU's, sad really. Game would really benefit from it."
76561198003867406,Recommended,225540,20021931,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,god_of_cheese,It's like being in vacacion in the islands without having to wait in line for anything and being told what to do. Really awsome game and attention to details.
,Recommended,225540,20247571,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,telekinesticman,"Absolutely wonderful game, but I will admit the performance on my more than capable rig ranges from excellent to atrocious. Proceed with caution until further updates."
,Recommended,225540,29317752,Posted: 17 January,all,Zipur,"""I really like this game, as it is open world, adventurous, and has a nice feel to it"".Playing it over again, just becuase it was so fun.ProsOpen world with an absolutely gigantic map (you will not live to see all of it)Feels really good to play, as of how free you are to move around in speed through the airLots of things to do, will keep you occupied all the time for days or maybe weeks (challenges like races and                                                   kamikazes)You get to blow up EVERYTHINGConsNot that many missions (as someone who plays alot)Some of the challenges are hard AFCamera is a little close, and you can't change itControls for veichles are ♥♥♥♥ed up (exept boats and helicopters)The game runs fine with my GTX 980 4GB with 16 GB of RAM, i7-6700I recommend buying it on sale, I bought it together with Rise of the Romb Raider in a double discount pack."
,Not Recommended,225540,24936836,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Ommand,"Terrible voice acting, game is designed for use with a gamepad, and a significant load screen every 2 minutes.I'd return this game if I could, but sadly I bought it on sale ages ago and am far outside of the return window.  Maybe I'll try anyway."
,Not Recommended,225540,34265811,Posted: 15 August,all,kazereal,"There are various problems that really bother during gameplay:* poor vehicle handling* poor AI* really poor scripted sequencesMore attention to those would have made game more enjoyable sandbox, there are various things that could have been good but mentioned problems really bring it all down.Maybe there is a bug that makes gamepad support broken? Perhaps, but I don't believe that.Maybe I haven't seen all there is to the AI? I think I've found enough ways to predict what AI is doing and where enemies spawn and so forth.Scripted sequences are just so limited and can be broken easily so I won't open that in detail.Then there's engine performance (unstable framerates etc.), connection problems in online-mode and so on.There are more enjoyable open world games."
,Not Recommended,225540,23734319,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,vISHLeo,"its a great game with lots of fun elements...but why the negative reviews on pc?....The culprit IS DENUVO drm.......in an effort to stop games piracy they kill the performance of this game....they may say denuvo has nothing to do with performance and its not a drm....well, if thats the case....birds dont fly and humans dont poop....you are  destroying gaming experiences denuvo...hope you burn in hell......"
76561198051850215,Not Recommended,225540,19435586,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SilverDiamond,"It took me 60 minutes to get into game. Supposedly. Cutscenes were extremly slow and they frose frequently. When I got to the gaming part I lost all patients, and tried to alt f4 out of the game. The cutscene to game sequence was REALLY slow and then frose. I had to bring up the task manager and WAIT for it to come up in the screen. And I had to wait a little more for it to shut down the game, because it wasn't responding. All of those who were hestiant to buy the game - you didn't waste your money, like me. I'll see if there will be any patches to optimisation. Until then - NOT RECOMMENDED."
76561198131032138,Not Recommended,225540,30015964,Posted: 18 February,all,Ionforbes,"Horrible optimisation. Crashes for no reason, even with system specs way above recommended."
76561198012178383,Recommended,225540,19551432,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Dracharn,"It is hard to not recommend this game hence the thumbs up. The game is awesome, improvements over JC2 all over the place, but, now this is a huge BUT, it is a beta.Ok they have released it as a full game but there are still way too many little things and bugs for it to be a full game, don't get me wrong, I have maybe been luckier than some as I haven't seen any game killing bugs, such as memory leaks and severe artifacts in the graphics like what some players have said, the game runs fine, although I do have a fairly high spec system, i7-4770k(OC4.2), 32Gb RAM and a GTX980Ti, the problems I see are really obvious beta issues.For instance; after completing a section of the game a street band starts to play, I know they are a band as I can hear the music and indeed see them playing their instruments, but hold on, they are really, really good instruments because they are invisible, they much have cost a fortune. Yep they are going through the motions, playing a harmonica and I see someone playing a guitar but the instruments are just not there.I have shot someone, they are dead, I know they are dead because I shot them in the head, I even got a ""Head Shot"" counter. But after a few seconds, he got up and started shooting again, hell, zombies get everywhere these days.I was driving up a winding road, when there was a bit of a traffic jam, I over took, as you do, to find a bus reversing down the mountain, he crashes in to a car and knocks the car over the side, of course the car explodes, this is Just Cause after all, but then the bus then drives forward, on the wrong side of the road and just continues like that. Now I'm english so I'm used to driving on the left but I thought we were meant to drive on the right in Medici.You will also see other kamikazi type manoeuvre, in other words, although it is very funny it is quite poor AI.So as you can see, although the game is completely playable, well is for me, it is far from finished. I assume it was rushed out for the holiday period to get the sales. I fully expect some huge patches not far over the horizon.Lastly I would just like to say that even though it has some bugs, it is still very enjoyable and it is also huge, the map is absolutely massive and with lots of small expansions already coming, it really is worth getting, just maybe give it a little while for the 1st patch.Hope this helps, thats why I wrote this. Now I'm off to drive my car backwards all over town. It's the way its done on Medici after all. :)"
,Recommended,225540,19477729,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Bl@ckb!rd,"Awesome game, however, ingame login and auto relogin when it loses ""connection"" (happens randomly) is little annoying and sometimes it craches while playing ( no its not my pc isssue ) beside that, its awesome game, lot of chaos and distruction ( means lot of fun ) :D. PLEASE FIX THE RELOGIN ISSUE (keeps relogging even when i choose to play in offline mode."
,Recommended,225540,29504543,Posted: 26 January,all,MONEY CAR B*TCH,FUN!
76561198146712672,Recommended,225540,19787511,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,dubaipal,worth every dollar you gonna spend!
,Recommended,225540,19822602,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Nashlaga,"Honestly, I can't say that I run the game well at all, but still with all the stuttering and drops to below 30 (depends what mood the game is in) it is still the best game I have ever played, and you have to admit that as badly optimised as it is, words do not describe the utter beauty of this glorious game"
,Recommended,225540,32866135,Posted: 27 June,all,mxyztplk,"Hammy action film-style story, a diverse arsenal to choose from with each option feeling unique, beautiful scenery to explore and explode! There's a 'scavenger hunt' sort of side quest that unlocks other rare weapons and rides but once you get used to the wingsuit and grappling hook it's the only way to fly. My only gripe is having to wrestle with some of the obstacle courses and the ""so and so just beat your previous metrics"" popups that you can't turn off. Ah well, plenty of booms and physics mishaps are what I'm here for. All in all, Just Cause 3 is a solid continuation to the series."
76561198013560032,Not Recommended,225540,19438541,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,mangoshake,"Does good what its ment to do, fancy explosions, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI, more explosions.Does bad what could have been evaded, for me thats these ""challenges"" you unlock by freeing a base. At first they didnt bother me too much, until i realized that they are kinda mandatory to upgrade your kit, such as grenades, vehicle boosts and such. They are TIMED, so bassicaly the faster or better you are the higher score you get. This brings two things i realy dislike into one frikin bag; timed ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t combined with a anoying rating system.Oh and guess what, lucky me theres so many of them scattered across the map ive got plenty of time enjoying myself doing something i dislike because its mandatory if i want the best of traits and gear.If your someone that doesnt care about this, go for it, its worth it. Frankly for someone like me its more a game you buy when it goes on sale and have nothing better to play."
,Not Recommended,225540,33821311,Posted: 26 July,all,AdverseE®,Keep playing Just Cause 2 - this one's a pass. Vehicle handling is awful and thats half the game right there.
76561198005971204,Not Recommended,225540,28345811,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,MPLAY7,"Just Cause 3 is poor game.- Very bad vehicle controls- Very bad in-game camera- Map is too big with not much in, just copy & paste assets.- No international airport (I think)- Same gameplay over & over ""raise the flag""- ugly terrain- Poor main carater. Rico is just bad Borat.- Stupid wait 60mins to call in another tank drop.- The guns feel very weak. I don't think you can upgrade them like JC2.- AI bad guys spawn in every 2 secs with unlimited spawn in's. Just very bad.- Your helicoter will get destroyed in like 3 secs.- Aiming in a tank is horrfic when riding ruff terrain- tanks have wheels not tracks- Dev team only carared about the dlc packs when the core game was left to rott with no patches.- no sprinting- no crouching- no stunt jump feature like in JC2- no in-car radio- the wing suit had a turning circle of the moon.- the game was frustrating, make me very mad.I spent over £50 for the XL and got let down big time. All the time they wasted making the dlc packs made the core game suck. The dev team have avrage skills trying to play AAA game.--- JC 4 JUST GET IT RIGHT ---"
76561198094952728,Not Recommended,225540,19448060,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,puncake,Reading reviews for this game is more fun that the game itself
,Not Recommended,225540,33798468,Posted: 25 July,all,Varangian Guard,"Personally, JC2 is much better.JC3 is nice, better graphics ,mechanics, but the world is so empty and its so fast to end, its not that fun.There are like 2 towns and that is it, doesnt compare with Panau, you end up in the big island and there is just nothing there. Its a shame they made the game so small."
,Not Recommended,225540,19745203,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Wander,"-Day one: Well the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and it stutters so much, I'll wait for a patch.-Day seven or so: Patch not released yet, they are working hard on this I suppose.-2 weeks after launch: NICE! They patched it, I'll finally be able to play it! And unfortunately game runs as bad as it did on launch, the patch fixed NOTHING.I think this is not what we deserve as players, we paid for a product not many people can play and after 2 weeks with problems they release a patch that does nothing?This is not how you do it, Avalanche."
76561198012539768,Not Recommended,225540,19468413,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Fleabag,I have a fairly decent systm that allows me to play many other games such as Fallout 4 and ARK at full settings with no issues. This game on the other hand had a number of graphical issues and bugs that render the game almost unplayable. The graphics that did work did not seem to be that  what was represented in screenshots and video and I can not condone paying a premium to beta test something. I returned this product and do not plan to repurchase.
,Not Recommended,225540,33156721,Posted: 2 July,all,Flozker,"Unoptimized, vehicles handle very poorly, clumsy menu screens."
76561197973284373,Not Recommended,225540,19483479,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Masterofm,"Hey do you guys like playing Just Cause 2?  Then go play Just Cause 2.  Just Cause 3 is a bait and switch.  Pure and simple.  With controls still grafted for a controller and not keyboard mouse, to the fact that the game feels completely empty despite the fact they brag that the game is even bigger than Just Cause 2.  Plus lock all of the fun graple mechanics behind some stupid upgrade system and you have Just Cause 3!  Yay!  Enjoy doing all of those mini events just to be able to reel in your grapple gun while your parachute is deployed...... which was what made starting out in Just Cause 2 fun to begin with.So yeah the map is bigger, but having a map made out of (what feels like) 90% water doesn't mean the map is big and amazing.  It makes it a giant water wasteland.  Enjoy amazing things like a lack of interesting enemy bases, no huge sprawling cities, and no airport!Yeah the game looks pretty, but the game itself isn't worth shelling out full price for."
76561198099044855,Recommended,225540,20738340,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,FlameWiz,"Yes there it is horrible having to log on to crappy servers every 10 minutes. Yes it crashed on me about 10 times. Yes limiting the amount of fast travel is very annoying. Yes the initial load time is about 5 minutes.But its all worth it. The amount of fun I get from creatively blowing things up and running away from the authorities keeps me going. There's such a satisfying aspect to liberating all the towns. I feel like I really earn my upgrades when I complete the challenges to get 5 gears.Overall, you're going to have to deal with a lot of bull crap, but the game is amazingly fun, and hopefull they will eventually patch all the bad things out."
,Recommended,225540,20738677,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Squidopotamus,Excellent. I loved the wingsuit and the new story.
,Recommended,225540,23793799,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ƒιяєѕтσям●•ツ,GTX 760 .. 1080p . Medium High Settings - 55-60 FPS ..  BOMMMMBAAAS .. - 48-55 drops ..  loving this game ..PS--- Requires  atleast 12 gigs of Ram to run it smoothly ..CPU- i5 3570k 4.4ghz  ..GOOD GAME !!!!
,Not Recommended,225540,20096788,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ARESgolfmaster,Its unplayable with all those fps drops! And my pc is not bad at all....    DONT BUY UNTIL THEY HAVE FIXED IT!!
,Not Recommended,225540,20093354,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,JawsBite,"This game is not what I expected. I mean it's fun blowing stuff up. But the Story is BAD. Once I'm done with the story, I'm done with this game. (for now)"
,Not Recommended,225540,21738164,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,jb0356,Lost all progress do to the game freezing.  common issue.  makes we want to not ever play the game again.
,Recommended,225540,21593563,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,JackDaniels325,"Just Cause 3 is worth getting just because the destruction and free playing of the game allows for different ways to approach a situation like you could in Just Cause 2.The game plays out a lot like Just Cause 2 with some minor differences.Con's- Jets and Piloting planes is a PAIN with the default controls.- Not much in the way of the story to really grip you but you, ended on a good note for the story.- Controls for the game could have been better planned out, but I spent a little time remapping my keys.- Side missions and Challenges unlock weapons and equipment upgrades.Pro's- Buck Hunting with a Grappling Hook- Helicopters may have been simplified like Just Cause 2 but it was nice being able to actually dog fight in a helicopter.- Large Map- Plenty of collectables to keep you busy if your a collectable hunter.- Challenges and leaderboards to see if your number one against your friends for challenges and stunts.The game does leave you sorta wanting to make some adjustments into the mechanics or controls, but it might be just me because I have gotten use to the flight controls of GTA V for a keyboard setup. But all in all I had some fun attempting all the challenges and being challenged attempting to free the entire map.I did this game with out much of the DLC its not really required but some of it looks like it wouldn't hurt to get if your really interested in getting it."
76561198061130777,Not Recommended,225540,23764500,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dodge Ram,"Just Cause 3 is a fun game that has a lot of potential to make it a fun game but it got ruin by the fact that is has a number of bugs. For example, I have an AMD R9 280X, i got the game and i couldnt see the terrain. This is when i reliaze that i need it the upgrademy drivers but it was still  a problem because my expectations where already high. Bugs also made my expirence even worse by the fact that i could run the game properly, even at low settings. I dont recommend this game and i wish i had my money back."
,Not Recommended,225540,20239865,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Boromir,"Got excited because just cause 2 was dope, Installed this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Tried to run on medium settings: froze my computer. Ok? maybe my computer cant handle it (It should its powerful enough) I try on lowest settings everything off lowest resolution and in a ♥♥♥♥ing window. Still breaks my computer.DO NOT BUY THIS IS A GIGANTIC WASTE OF MONEY THAT WILL JUST SIT IN YOUR LIBRARY.I have no clue why this is happening and because of gta5 problems I had made sure all my drivers and♥♥♥♥♥♥are up to date. If They fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ill change my review"
,Recommended,225540,22169583,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dr.Doodle,Great Fun Awesome Game With Amazing Graphics Awesome fun flying with your wingsuit.  and the dlc with the flying fortress is amazing cuz its gives you an amazing wingsuit thats shoots rockets and has muchine guns on the wingsuits LIKE WHAAAAAAAAT THE F#$@ i think its amazing specially if you have played the first and second games there all Awesome :D
,Recommended,225540,21626449,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Thaxs (Axel),"Just 'cause something's awesome fun, doesn't mean everybody shouldn't buy it."
,Not Recommended,225540,23880393,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Alestormer,Runs like absolute s***.  Maybe care a little less about dlc-whoring and fix your broken♥♥♥♥♥game?
76561197970521822,Not Recommended,225540,19534375,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,hatchetface,"I am only 3 hours in and sorry I can no longer get a refund.I cannot recommend this game so far based on performance and gameplay issues. Until a major patch is released, containing combinations of both stability fixes and options/settings which should have been standard on day one, this game is best left unpurchased.How is a 'modern' shooter relased without any ability to adjust FOV?! Where is borderless window mode? Why Is V-Sync destroying performance? What happened to make the driving controls so slow, stiff and unusable compared to previous Avalanche games? I recommended Just Cause 2 to so many people, and was so excited for this game.You guys are getting beat up on this release and you really earned it.Barring a major overhaul Just Cause 3 is NOT recommended for purchase, and Avalanche has a lot of work ahead of them to regain my trust as a game developer selling products on Steam."
,Recommended,225540,23927065,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jekyll Jekyll Hyde,"Very fun game, runs well for me, graphics are amazing."
76561198078994472,Not Recommended,225540,19528044,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Bear on a unicycle,"I have  a realativly very powerfull pc: r9 295x2, i7-3930K, ext and i cant render whats in front of my nose. This game is so not optimazised and raw that I feel like I have just been robbed like a fool. Anyone buying this game untill they fix this is very stupid. Can I just ask developers to stop selling unfinished games,"
76561198076037320,Not Recommended,225540,20093949,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,iRushinq,TO MANY BUGS.IT KEEPS CRASHING MY GRAPHICS DRIVER
,Recommended,225540,29993565,Posted: 17 February,all,🔥Ediiilary,nice
,Not Recommended,225540,20096221,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Spigamagis,Do not buy it now. Patches 1.02 and 1.021 are useless.
,Not Recommended,225540,20234237,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,D1S1LLUS10N,"With all the graphics problems and game crashing, I can't recommend this game. I recommend waiting until the devs get around to fixing all the issues before purchasing."
,Not Recommended,225540,20239818,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,StupidCow,"This game was a HUGE waste of money and time. Couldn't wait for it to come out, but as usual the game was way overhyped. The game itself is beautiful, and graphics or optimization isn't the problem. The problem is the gameplay itself. Basically everything in this game is repeated from Just Cause 2. Just Cause 2 was fun because of the innovation it added to the gaming community, Just Cause 3 on the other hand is just a copy with better graphics, and a different story line; basically JC2 with some graphics-improving mods installed. Maybe worth $20 IF you don't already have JC2. If you have JC2 and are expecting something that's $50 better than it, then I'll assure you that you're wrong. Again, good game, not good on the innovation side of things."
,Recommended,225540,23810033,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Scepticon,"When Just Cause 3 was first released, it was plagued by bugs and problems, however I jumped in any way, remorseful of the fact I missed the pre-order bonuses.And to be honest, I'm glad I did. Even though it does occasionally stutter a small bit during large explosions, my experience with Just Cause 3 is seamless.The main campaign is okay - I have played more enjoyable ones, but it's still pretty good. Once the campaign is over, there are still a multitude of collectables to find and challenges to complete, and even then the gamecertainly does not feel exhausted at all.The map is phenomenal, with masses and masses of land to be explored, driven around, flown over, and so on.As for the DLCs:Sky Fortress was, mediocre. It certainly wasn't bad, and the bavarium wing suit introduced in it is an absolute godsend.However, the more recent DLC, Land-Mech Assault, was at least in my opinion fantastic. I absolutely love backstories, so the whole backstory surrounding life on Insula Lacrima for the eDen corporation, its employees and its technology was fascinating, and all the rusted, disused buildings and stations just added to that sense of 'I wonder what it must have been like?'. The mechs are also fantastic, and the power core is a fun EMP-esque weapon to mess around with.All-in-all, I have to give Just Cause 3 a 10 out of 10. A phenomenal game in pretty much every respect."
76561198178158031,Recommended,225540,24000786,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Chris,Can't believe the rating on this game. Played it. Loved it. Caused mayhem.
,Recommended,225540,19419215,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Nikita,"Game is basically the same as Just Cause 2 and that is a good thing. Simple, stupid fun.  Most complaints, seem to stem from the fact that it doesn't add anything new to the Just Cause formula. Which tbh, is exactly what I was hoping for.The game performs alright on the 980ti, though I wish it had SLI support."
76561198016997126,Not Recommended,225540,19456002,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,altenter,"Games wont save,(edit only save if you run the exe in the steam folder as admin, not the desktop one since its stupid), the intro screen takes to bloody long, has to log into third party account bs (edit also have too minimize the game and come back in to make the mouse move), driving is worse than jc2 (edit cars e brake is shift which i find stupid and you go much faster with the parachute wingsuit hook combo), leaderboards and miniscreens drop fps from 60 and above to 1(lag caused by the games high use of ram, with all the explosives going around and crap, fixed by editting some windows 10 stupid stuff and turning the virtual memory to like from 16gb to 32), fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥before releasing the game or not at all. may change if patch fix alot of stuff or atleast put a beta patch out for us.p.S. instead of crashing every 10 mins and overloading something in my pc to turn off, it now does it every couple of hours, so a little bit more enjoyable."
,Recommended,225540,24371266,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,uriba,"The mayham simulator is back and is as exhilirating as the second one.Don't expect any big leaps in game mecahnics, although the wingsuit is good fun.Otherwise, this is a superhero simulator to an extent requiring just enough skill to make it truly exciting.Empty calorie foolish fun.Great escapism."
76561198270975711,Recommended,225540,22213655,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,LCdude12,"Love this game! Great open world game with a huge map. Perfect for doing what you want, whether its shooting, driving or flying. All sorts of vehicals plus a good story line."
76561198215382525,Recommended,225540,28819174,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mum,"I know that this game has been getting alot of negative reviews mostly because of ram and performance and stuff like that, and i even get performance issues sometimes as well, but for that all you need is just a compter that is compatible with this game. So besides all of the fps drops, and bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥the actual point of a review is about the gameplay not the performance and the gameplay is great for me and this is my type of game. You get over the top explosions, plenty of bases to liberate and a gigatnic map (like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the map is big), So here are my cons and prosCons:a few fps dropsa bit of bugsand some times the gameplay gets a bit repetitivePros:lovely ♥♥♥♥ing explosionsGreat gameplaya huge♥♥♥♥♥map that will never get oldand you can literally shoot your own action movie"
,Recommended,225540,28724464,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dominick12987,So far I've had lots of fun with this game. It just stutters a lot and isn't worth 70$ CAD
76561198075217319,Recommended,225540,28874806,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kaalaxi,"Before I write my review I would like to say this game crashed constantly for me on Windows 10, I set the compatibility mode to Vista SP2 in the .exe properties and it hasnt crashed since.This is the most fun ive had in a single player game since forever, they really made the game free and fun like a super hero game mixed with mercenaries game. The negative thing about this game is there are a few game breaking bugs that they didnt care to fix, the driving is a bit poor and there's a lot of superficial/unrealistic content.The story and writing are laughable but its a game, I don't recall many games having good stories anyways(who cares). The writing is a bit comical and I feel its better acted than what ive seen from JC2. This game really has a bad rep and I dont feel it deserves outside of bugginess. The graphics are great, the physics, the explosions, the wingsuit, the scale, the battles, the mechanics just make this game incredibly fun and addicting.I really reminds me of those fun open world games you played when you were a kid."
,Recommended,225540,20078838,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Walter,"TL;DR at the bottom.Starting with cons because everyone is interested in those first, right?Cons:- Can't get past the fourth mission because the game always crashes. (Seems to be a rare issue though)- ""Connection Lost"" at completely random times, sometimes in the middle of a firefight.- Still stuttery, even on lowest settings and with the 1.021 patch.- Takes ages to unlock all the good stuff, like 6 tethers and rocket boosters.- Derailed train physics. It's a con, people,look it up!- Destroyed bridges de-spawn within 5 seconds of falling. Seriously, why is this?- Motorbike handling. Don't even try.- Capturing basesdoesget a little repetitive after time. So does completing challanges.- There's very little nighttime outside of missions. (Not sure what's up with that)- The AI isn't very smart at some places.Pros:- Grappling hook, and infinite parachutes.- New wingsuit that is super-fun, and you get it within 2-3 missions in.- Driving. I don't know what all the fuzz is about, I think it's improved a lot over JC2. (That's not to say it's perfect)- No more Sheldon.   Uhh... at least not as the black market dealer. The replacement of that is the Rebel Drop system. You can drop in basically any vehicle.- Stunt jumping is vastly improved over JC2, now you can walk around on top of the vehicles. Heck, you can even walk inside a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥cargo plane and store cars in it. (In freeroam!)- Up to six tethers at once. They can also be retracted at once. This is just the best thing.- I'd be stupid if I wouldn't listexplosions! There's a lot of those. They look/sound spectacular.- Monorail trains that carry tanks/planes. Aand they can be derailed. You can even detach individual cars and watch other trains crash into them! Heck, you can even tether the cars to the ground ahead of them, retract, and they'll move.Choo choo!(NOTE: They can't be controlled/have no horn.)- You can capture all the bases/towns from the beginning. (Not sure about this, might be a few exceptions)- Speaking of which, you can make Di Ravello retake them so you can recapture again!- Lots of vehicles this time. Air/land/sea.- Huge map that is populated and open from the beginning.- Easter eggs.- Nuke launcher.- Homing grenades.- Very good sound design, and great music. (Didn't expect to have this as a pro)- The game itself looks decent even on lowest settings. Bravo, Avalanche.- Mods. I must list this here because with mods you can have all the good stuff from the beginning. Seriously, who wants to complete tedious challanges for just 4 more tethers when you can have them instantly?!Overall, I recommend the game. I'm having fun with it despite all the cons. And even with the fact that I can't progress the story.I'm waiting for Avalanche to fix the crashing issue in the mission so I can move on. I'll update if they do, or if they don't.TL;DR:Great game, Awesome mechanics, graphics is pretty good. It's stuttery even on lowest and the forced online services are crap. Recommend buying when it's on sale.Currently a 7/10."
,Not Recommended,225540,21971343,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,ObsidianPirate,"Great game, but unplayable in it's current state. Please Patch this game, it was amazing for the half hour i played at my friends house."
,Recommended,225540,20191629,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ShadowXReflex(十人十色),Ive had the most fun playing this game and havent had so much fun in a long time. 10/10
76561198107075061,Recommended,225540,29589676,Posted: 30 January,all,DILWALE_BEAST,very enjoyable game i must say..... explosion explosion & explosion.....
,Recommended,225540,19650578,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Agent Frost,It's like michael babe but with more spidermen and moar guns.
76561198245430492,Recommended,225540,29626845,Posted: 1 February,all,lawl,Fun but repetitive after a while... great graphics with huge open world ... the shooting is below average as well as the driving.. the grappling hook and parachutes are awesome as well as the wingsuit... overall its quite fun to play but lacks contents and the main missions are too short with not much variety in the side missions... not recommended for everyone but it doesn't hurt to try the game...
,Recommended,225540,30082898,Posted: 21 February,all,Tahhhhh,Awesome game!! Worth if you buy it with discount. Motions of character are way too predictable. Overall a good game.
,Recommended,225540,19401510,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,JustLikeMyPiss,"Game had a rubbish start for people with AMD GPU's, waiting for new drivers. The game is playable right now but I'm expecting alot from the new drivers."
76561198253157240,Not Recommended,225540,23905920,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Jake the Pancake,Soooooo well optimised
76561198077828389,Not Recommended,225540,25535162,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,PorscheRebel,Fun game brought down by game breaking bugs and poor optimization.
,Recommended,225540,19404641,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Unemployed Narwhal,This game is amazing.
76561198104771738,Recommended,225540,19453531,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,real happy boy,"seems like the game is broken for 90% of the people who buaght it, but at least they had time for immersive dirty jeans"
,Not Recommended,225540,29986165,Posted: 17 February,all,Roach,I have a better computer than the recommended system buut optimization is awful. Vsync is ridiculous. I use Nvidia adaptive vscyn so I get rid of the cuts stuttering on the screen. Apart from it is a nice game but bad performance is ruining the game experience.
76561198045294508,Recommended,225540,20067064,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,WAKA,THIS IS A ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT GAME IF YOU HAVE A GOOD PC
,Recommended,225540,23372853,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,-MMO-crappy_cobra,EXPLOSIONSDESTRUCTIONCHAOSBIG MAPTHIS GAME IS AWESOME
,Recommended,225540,29690724,Posted: 4 February,all,Jocke,I like
76561198161605969,Recommended,225540,29788957,Posted: 8 February,all,Get A Dog Lil Longie,dont spam space bar in menu
,Recommended,225540,29884100,Posted: 12 February,all,a_pear,"Look it's a fun game. If it doesn't crash on you before you hit the 10 hour return policy, and you get it 50% off, pick it up. Sometimes they release updates that make it more stable, other times they release updates that keep me from being able to launch the game... yeah it's a hoot."
76561198351692608,Recommended,225540,30055951,Posted: 20 February,all,Freakzoid,This game is awesome i like it so much its recomenden and i want if you can add multiplayer will be coolBuy it and enjoy
76561198060818984,Recommended,225540,28430811,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,FinnTheHuman,"I'm not sure what all the hate is towards this game. You run around, steal vehicles, fly helicopters, blow stuff up, and explore a massive freeroam world. Sure, it doesn't have the greatest storyline of all time, but it that's what you are looking for, then you aren't going to play an open world sandbox type game like this. I thoroughly enjoy this game, and have had no performance issues, and no issues with the driving controls.9/10 in my book."
76561198099568993,Recommended,225540,27942142,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PYTHON,"When you’re not waiting for it to load, Just Cause 3 is an incredibly fun game. Crisp visuals and a clever soundtrack bring all the explosions to life. Even with the violence and destruction, it manages to maintain a lighter tone than the Far Cry games, without sliding into the outright silliness of Saints Row. But, it’s still silly enough.go for it... (Y)"
76561198125785446,Not Recommended,225540,23809786,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Polish Tumblr Girl,Just crash 3seriously tho we waited so long for this game and it can't even run properly.
,Recommended,225540,24026898,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Yeurik,Verry nice game!You can hang people!Love it!10/10
76561198091192497,Recommended,225540,21446957,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Cake>>Face,"Just Cause 3The Game Just Cause 3 is accexeptably great. I would recomend it for all who love games that you can have freedom to use weapons of mass destruction and enjoyable vehicles in an open world.The game holds the same aspects of openworld exploration, explotion physics and masive destrcution.The new added mods you can give to vehicles, weapons and other tools like your new grapple hook and explosives make the game ten times more exitment to your gameplay.Not only do they create more storyline capeabilitys, but they also create huge possabilitys for what you do after you finnish the 10-90 hour long storyline. The storyline itself is very well placed, it continues on the life of Reco Rodreges and links in very well with the first two games. It incloods very important parts of Recos first game and links them to the present. This works very well with the main protaganist of the story, Di Revelo...... The game also uses collectable diry tapes to give the gamer an inside knowlage to how Di Revelo became the dictator he is and how he thinks.This effect is very good because it creates an imersive way to collect a charicters backstory.The grapple hooks new capeabilitys are at first challenging to grasp, however after about a few minutes of learning the controlls and getting into them, the use becomes natural. The new grapple hook creates millions of new possible options for the player to explore, for example I made a line of airplanes and few them of as they where linked, I then few them down and dropped them on to create a masive bomb. Like i said, you can have fun in the mass amoundt of exploive choices.My only bad part of the game I expirienced was the hellping of people in the game, this could be rebbles or civilians. The number of setblements on the map where a lot less in numbers to the 2nd games numbers . I personaly belived it did not fit in and was no imersive. However compared to the great qualitys I have already talked about these two points are not that much of a problem.Mighty_MagnussonPS: Sorry about spelling errors, I try my best."
,Recommended,225540,24027684,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Big Boss™,"I've played the heck of just cause 2 on x360. so i have a very high expectation with just cause 3.Long story short:+ Bigger and better than just cause 2 in terms of gameplay, graphics, map, ai, and weapons.+ Too much content.+ This game need skill and precisions just like dark souls except just cause 3 has regenerating health whereas dark souls don't.+ Crazy weapon arsenal along with your high precision skills will make you do a lot of crazy experiments to a lot of innocent civilians. Your inner phsycopath level will be revealed by the game.+ You can be a spiderman, batman and ironman - all in the same time.+ Its a little repetitive to liberate hostile areas, but the rewards are worth it because it unlock badass weapons and skills. When you got the most badass helicopter in the game, liberating hostile area only taking less than 5 minutes. Its so badass and fellow npc will call you as 'professional badass' and you feel you are really a badass when you hear they said it. you get it what i'm trying to say- story sucks but just cause series are known for poor story. we all know just cause isn't about story, its about gameplay.- car handling sucks. but why use car when you have wingsuit? you will never touch the cars in game except you have some crazy explosion experiment...About pc perfomance:My rig is running on i7-4790k / gtx980 / 16gb ram / win 7 / installed on normal HDD - running the game at 1080p - 60fps all the time on ultra graphic settings. The game is patched with the latest update as for 1st july 2016. Game is running flawlessly.Recomended playing in offline mode because the game sometime stutters when it accessing online leaderboards, but this is only happen when you have a slow internet connection.I recommend the Sky Fortress dlc, it have the bavarium wingsuit (google it). this wingsuit heavily change your gameplay (more fun and more badass)The most important thing is you can mod the game just like skyrim. there are many mods that will make just cause more fun like nuke pistol.. yes, nuke pistol!!buy it, unlock all contents, mod it and say goodbye to your gf, your dog and your academic grades"
76561198080394475,Not Recommended,225540,28725000,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sabranigudu,"The game is honestly great, but it's hard to appreciate due to the mess they did and never bothered to fix, how it runs so poorly and manages to look worse than Just Cause 2 released all those years ago. Getting it for 19 bucks with the sale slightly compensates for it but I still can't recomend buying it when they refuse to fix anything and still release dlc bits like it's a f2p.A real shame. Buy it during a sale at your own risk, or don't and save yourself the frustration that comes with it."
,Recommended,225540,28396284,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Best In The World,What I like about Just Cause 3 is that there so many explosion and is non-stop action you can take over base and unlock new gun and plane and many more to rebel drop. What I dislike about the game is that you can't skip cut scene some of you might like that but I don't. The other thing I don't like is that it takes forever to go places if you don't have a car you are going to take forever to get to places or a plane or any type of automobile. But overall I do recommended this game to others it is the most fun.
76561198020744227,Recommended,225540,23496874,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,holton0289,"just cause 2 was a better game in my opinion.  3 is pretty good, but empty compared to JC2."
76561198342078305,Recommended,225540,30657830,Posted: 21 March,all,Shrekmeboothole69,very good game it is fun game you should get game lots of fun to play game
,Recommended,225540,33069357,Posted: 30 June,all,Dychoz,"Bought for the grappling hook, stayed for the wingsuit.10/10"
,Recommended,225540,30435562,Posted: 10 March,all,SotiCoto,"Catharsis. This game is pure catharsis.  Action-film cheese... with grapple-hooks / tethers.I mean sure... there is a rudimentary plot and quests and whatnot that play out like the cheesiest sort of 80s action film... but that is just fluff for the real bulk of the game... which is mostly about going around wrecking stuff, stealing vehicles, doing challenges and basically treating it like the glorious physics playground it is (best played with a few mods)...I haven't had so much fun creatively killing civilians since Prototype!And if you're up for the ultimate challenge...  try to find the Squalo X7 boat and get it to a garage. No seriously. It will seriously strain your problem-solving skills... or possibly your Googling skills."
76561198012445977,Recommended,225540,20336448,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Clouds,This game is awesome. No joke. THX SQUARE ENIX!!
76561198208589153,Recommended,225540,33796448,Posted: 25 July,all,§SlipG@mer§,"One of the best open world experiences ever. While to story isn't the greatest, The Just Cause series wasn't all about the story, it's about the overall gameplay and epic explosions as well as many other things. Though it is recommended that you play the game on console rather than PC, unless your PC can support the game you're good."
,Not Recommended,225540,19407427,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Delrus,"After playing this game a little longer, I have decided to change my upvote to a down vote because It has dawned on me that this is not a game you can play for hours and hours and be entertained to the maximum. It's the same stuff over and over again. Don't get me wrong the graphics are utterly superior to any other game like it. But it's just dull.Pros - Explosions.GraphicsGrapplingGlidingCons - Not much keeping you playing.Dull.Driving mechanics are almost one of the most awful I have ever seen in a game.Shooting Mechanics could be improved but aren't terrible.I was really hoping something great would come from this game, but I was severly dissapointed. If you're looking for a game thats just blowing up stuff. Go for Just Cause 2, it's nearly exactly the same for 1/10th of the price.I rate the game 4/10 due to it's lack of replayability and lack of depth. The only reason I rate it so highly is because of the gorgeous graphics & textures."
,Recommended,225540,20181709,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Raikors,"Background: I didn't play the first Just Cause. The second one I purchased from sale and played through a few times with a good amount of time spent collecting things and doing random sandbox stuff. This third one I bought on launch day and just recently reached 100% completion with around 45 hours of playtime.The game really shines in its audiovisual department with explosions having a decent amount of low frequency sounds and flaming visuals to make them feel impactful and blowing stuff up is just as fun as it was in the previous game. The wingsuit is a nice addition to the movement techniques once you get used to it and how it is different from the familiar parachute gliding.You now have more tools at your disposal to wreak havoc with, most of which you have to unlock doing challenge missions and a few that come with progressing in the story. To me, the most notable addition to the core gameplay is that the standard grapple hook tether wires can now be retracted between objects to make them crash together. You start with being able to shoot 2 wires, but with full upgrades you can have 6 with pulling force strong enough to lift cars. There are also rocket booster explosives that, along with tether wires, are the main tools for doing sandbox-y things.However, there's not a lot of variety in the general gameplay at moment. The enemy AI doesn't really pose any threat so you kinda have to enjoy the core mechanics and be good at figuring out creative ways of causing destruction. The challenge missions could've used at least a few more different categories. Though technically optional, the challenges are scored based on completion time, amount of destruction, accuracy etc. depending on the type and you can get 0-5 gears from each one. The gears unlock equipment of the specific challenge type, but once you have seen all the different types they start to feel a bit of a chore to complete especially when going for 5 gears.The random collectibles seem a bit tacked on as well, though I'm glad that compared to the 2nd game there is a reasonable amount of them and, unlike in some sandbox games, they actually unlock stuff like access to unlimited fast travel or additional weapons and vehicles. Unfortunately the guns don't have a lot of differences in feel between them and some of the vehicles (especially the motorbikes) are really wonky to control.Like most of the other reviews have pointed out, there is a forced online leaderboard system that tracks your efforts in various different feats such as longest headshot distance, highest elevation gained with a parachute or longest distance drifted in a land vehicle. It's a cool idea on paper, but it should work more seamlessly in the background and include an option of opting-out of it or at least hiding the displayed messages that pop-up when someone manages to best you at some feat.In conclusion, the game is pretty much what I expected from the 3rd installment; It has the same campy feel to the story missions, base ""liberation"", stunt driving, vehicles that explode like a pile of gasoline and matches from smallest of bumps and so on. Although the list of negative things I listed is long, there really are only a few major annoyances that could and most likely will be patched out in the near future. I'm hoping there'll be some worthy DLC packs to expand the list of available activities currently in the game.Would I recommend it? Yes, but with an asterisk that in its current form you might find it repetitive and thus not lasting long enough to justify full-priced purchase."
,Recommended,225540,21950652,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,draco_aroch,"I enjoyed this game rather thoroughly.  It has its positives and negatives (but all games do).  Here's a quick breakdown.***Positives:- Voice acting.Especially in Rico's case.  The chosen voice, in my opinion, is  huge improvement.  Additionally, the phrasing doesn't seem like it is being read from a piece of paper, like the previous iteration.  I swear I heard pages turning in JC2 at times.- Things to do.There is a lot to do in this game.  I initially went through and took over all of the bases before actually doing the storyline.  There are also a lot of additional challenges to keep you busy, if you are into that.- Controls.The control scheme is a lot better in this than in the previous iteration.  Using right click for grapple and holding right click for grappling things together is much better than a keybinding.  It allows you to easily run away from the helicopter you just grappled to the ground, before it slams into your face.- Physics.Things are much more smooth in this iteration than the last and there is a lot more fun to be had with the new grapple and other gadgets.  Plus you can use multiple grapples.  For instance, try grappling an enemy truck to a windmill for good times.- Graphics.They are pretty intense and the engine is optimized enough to where a lot can be going on (explosions, people flying away... etc), but not have a huge impact on overall performance.***Negative- Random crashes.It only crashed twice for me for the 50 hours I played it.  Kind of annoying, but it could have been a lot worse.  Other triple A titles have crashed more than this and were far less impressive.- Challenges.These can be fun, but they can also be pretty annoying.  I found a few types to be fun, but the rest ended up just annoying me.  So I avoided them.  It was no problem, though.  I think the main campaign was design for a play through without any unlocked skills.- Introduction screen.Why would any game do this?  Unless you install a mod, you have to wait a good 2-5 minutes before it even starts loading.  This is especially infuriating when the game previously crashed or you just want to pop in for a few minutes and blow stuff up.  Thankfully, there is a mod that skips the intro screen.- Enemy AI.As usual in games like this, the enemy AI is not the smartest.  Actually, they rank closer to idiotic.  If I'm in a helicopter bombarding your base and you cannot see me, then there's something wrong.  A lot of the bases could easily be captured with a heli or a jet within a few minutes.- Mission bugs.This only happened twice as well.  Two missions randomly showed ""Failed"" for no apparent reason.  The targets were still at full health and I did the thingy, but I failed.  The positive side to this is that, in both occasions, the game's checkpoint put me past the point of failure.  So it wasn't a constant repeated failure."
,Recommended,225540,25244994,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Suk Mike Hok,"This game is fun. Why?Wait no I've already done this.This game has insane memory leaks. Why?Just Cause.3And30 thousand GBs of ram.(Actually though, unless you have over 8gb of ram, don't even bother trying to play)"
,Not Recommended,225540,23838388,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Urbansasquatch,"Id love to play this game. Shame I cant becuause the stutter makes it unplayable. Im no FPS savant, but this is rediculous. Avoid on PC atleast."
76561198117676637,Recommended,225540,21693273,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,randolfpickman,Great game
,Recommended,225540,21991063,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Taganu' ROZ,An awesome game from an awsome series!
,Recommended,225540,21696960,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,lionsland(wireless everything),I love this GAME! I am happy with my purshace!
76561198063938628,Recommended,225540,21987046,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Chef Excellence,The story isn't amazing and the vehicle controls are awful but the game is still extremely fun. This is basically Just Cause 2 with better graphics and new toys to play with. Some people are still having issues with the performance but it's been fine for me. Don't come in expecting game of the year and you won't be disappointed.
76561198137291491,Recommended,225540,22009728,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Skari,This is one of the best  sandbox games  i've played. If you have the money and the computer i say go for it
,Recommended,225540,22025895,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,boarderms,"First off, those who are complaining about the performance in this game, be sure to use the recommended system requirements and not the minimum. This game eats RAM and i recommend at least 16GB minimum for smooth performance. The lowest GPU i would use would be the gtx 960 and even then maybe something stronger. Now, the game itself is amazing. The graphics are really crisp, the physics are fun to mess around with, and you can't ever run out of things to do!"
76561197979261882,Not Recommended,225540,28249879,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Snuttfisen,"Attention! They have made a patch for this game just recently, that improve a lot of the issues some of us were having.I didn´t manage to play the game at any other settings than low quality and still have SOME (not much) FPS drops.I will have to say that since they atleast TRIED to improve this port, I must applaud them.I´m not changing my review to recommend it to you since the game is still leaking memmory, just now they´ve installed a ""start menu"".------------------------------------------------------My older review of this port.DON´T BUY THIS MESS!!!!!I´ve tried all possible things to get this game to work!It simply wouldn´t run at all for me. And I have a Rig that sure as hell would be able to run the game!As I searched for answers on the world wide web I stumbled over a forum thread which seem to focus on the fact that this game leaks memmory.So basicly If I understand it correctly (Anyone is welcome to comment and correct me on this) if you have 8 RAM capacity in your rig, it doesn´t matter cuz the game will still require the double amount.So Avalanche or Square Enix? What will you do about this? It´s almost been a year now, and you guys do nothing to sort this problem out?I tell you I got so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I demanded a refund. Which is a first time for me in my entire life as a gamer!"
76561198103592049,Recommended,225540,20351139,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Svartkladd,"Initially I preordered this game, got terrified by initial release and got refund for it (which I don't regret, since I saved money on DLC this way, which seem to be quite useless now).After patching game runs nice and smooth on my rig (i7, 16 GB RAM, GF970 4 GB, SSD, @1920x1080 almost max setting (AA wasn't maxed for sure, it looks great anyway even like this)). There were just few random freezes (for 1-2 seconds) during intense fights with lots of explosions, perhaps some texture-related issue. Game also takes quite long time to start, but I can cope with that.Gameplay is expectedly repetitive: generally all you do is flying around and blowing things up in most efficient and spectacular ways possible, using explosives, guns, rockets, fixed turrets, boats, cars, trucks, tanks, helicopters (2-4 helicopters that arrive to take you out while you rebranding another military base make nice projectiles for taking out those huge radar dishes), barrels, enemy soldiers and whichever other stuff you can find lying around. Though I must admit, it's not so boring as in Assassin's Creed or other famously-repetitive series, maybe because of nice sea views and that general feeling of warm sunlight and fresh Mediterranean air mixed with heavy smoke from burning fuel tanks and gunpowder.Story. If you want a good, deep storyline with bright characters, smart ideas and food for thought - get up from your cozy chair and get a book, this game is all aboutexplosive destructiondemocratic liberation of small countries oppressed by vicious self-worshiping egomaniac, nothing to look at here.Not a good thing is that devs are pushing players to play challenges to get any upgrades - you don't get any XP or ""gears"" for completing storyline, liberating areas, etc. Side activities should be just side activities, not compulsory part of gameplay, IMO.On-foot controls feel better than in JC 1&2, though vehicles aren't so good. Cars mostly feel like a brick making its way trough a sandpit (Batmobile from ""Arkham Knight"" feels much better compared to this; you'd better get a car which has more or less responsive controls and make sure it's in your drop list, just in case you'll ever need a car in this game), though it's not that bad since you'll most likely be driving those cars only in missions or challenges. Tanks/APC have camera synced to turret rotation, which turns around slowly, so be prepared to make lots of moves with your mouse if you don't use gamepad (haven't actually tried gamepad in tanks though). Helicopters are not bad way to get around, but aim controls and again synced with camera and also with turn/pitch, so it may take some time to get used to and shoot thing efficiently without being a sitting duck for SAM sites. Airplane controls are simply stupid: who would place yaw controls on Z/C keys?! Maybe someone who has additional fingers or tentacles somewhere in the middle of the palm, I guess. It's really lame and gamepad controls aren't any better - controlling yaw with X/B isn't that convenient, especially taking into account that there seem to be no possibility to remap gamepad controls.So I would recommend this game to those willing to spend several evening on destructions frenzy without any morals or complicated storyline. Also don't forget to check hardware requirements, since game is focused on visuals, you won't get much satisfaction if you can't run it on high enough settings."
76561198082828919,Recommended,225540,21631989,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,GodlessYellow,"İt is more fun than farcry to play. However, the dynamics are confusing yet they are fantastic. Love this game. Totally worth its money"
,Not Recommended,225540,28356037,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Wkwk Land,i bought this game and i ask for refund in the sameday because of very low fps. even Nar*to is better than this.
,Not Recommended,225540,28331428,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dent_Arthur_Dent,"I kinda liked Just cause 2. Although the story was rather forgettable, I found the whole freeroaming faffing-about gameplay to be rather entertaining. I would have liked it a hell of a lot more if it wasn't for the absolute mind-numbing chrashes every 20 minutes (The exact time varied from 10 to 40 min, but almost all of them occured just when I was about to have fun.).In short, fun game held back by absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥bleedingly annoying technical issues.Is JC3 any different?Well the gameplay has received a significant amount of polish. Movement is much more fluid and entertaining (especially with the addition of the wingsuit), and combat feels like an actual part of game instead of an afterthought. Another major improvement on its predecessor is that the characters are actually suprisingly well written and  voice-acted this time around, meaning that you actually give a toss about them.The technical aspect however, still makes me want to repeatedly slam my (or preferebly someone else's) head into a desk.Although crashes are no longer as frequent as they were in JC2, they still have a tendency to occur at the worst possible moments. However there is a much bigger problem. Initially I expierienced some minor framedrops, which seemed only logical since my PC isn't that great (i5-6400&GTX 750ti), so I turned the graphics down a bit (from high-medium to low). However, as time went on, the framerate became a lot worse  to the point of it being uplayable after 6 hours, even with all the graphical settings turned down the bare minimum. I know it is very common for games to suffer in performance as time goes on, but I've never experienced such a ridiclulous dropoff in performance in such a short timespan. Apparently  the game has issues with ram usage, but since I got 16 GB of RAM I would find this highly unlikely. So then I tried running it on a more beefed up (although a bit older) rig (i7-3500&GTX970) to see if that would change anything. It did. For six hours at least, after which the framerate became so un-♥♥♥♥ing-bearable I had to turn everything down to minimum AGAIN in order to maintain an average of 50 fps. And remeber, this is ONE FULL YEAR after launch. I heard this game had some performance issues but I expected it to be resolved by now. All that happend after launch was the devs releasing DLC instead of actually fixing their bloody game. I know some of the blame lies with the publisher, since the western branch of Square Enix is quite agressive when it comes to pushing potential profit over game quality, a key example being Deus Ex: Mankind Divided with a quite frankly cartoonishly evil pre-order scheme, splitting the orginal game into 2 parts, and some ridiculous one-time use microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Also, Steam cloud sync doesnt appear to work properly for me with this game, dunno whats up with thatIn short, if you have a PC that actuallly can run the ♥♥♥♥ing thing, Just Cause 3 is a pretty fun game. Otherwise, don't buy it."
76561198074841726,Recommended,225540,20513088,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ColeHuntley,"If you played Just Cause 2, you'll like it.If you didn't play Just Cause 2, you'll probably still like it.If you can't run it, you probably won't like it."
,Recommended,225540,33160434,Posted: 2 July,all,FazelordScat,P good. FPS drops occasionally.
76561198048957568,Recommended,225540,33869642,Posted: 28 July,all,SvenskKanelbulle,"It is a step up from the second game. More to do and very enjoyable. Either just mess around or play the story.The game is pretty, handles well and is a good way to just roam around and blow off some steam. Even more so than GTA thanks to the grappling/teathering mechanic.It can get repetetive with liberating areas but it can be fun. You can do it in many different ways and all locations got their own quirks."
,Recommended,225540,32884644,Posted: 27 June,all,wevowg,they took just dance in a weird direction for the third game
,Recommended,225540,28663174,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Roach,Works great with my computer made up of $1200+ worth of parts. Might not have a great time if you're using an older machine.
76561198152472721,Recommended,225540,29704490,Posted: 4 February,all,I'tsOkayToEatWhale,The game is very fun to play. Lots of exploding and♥♥♥♥♥♥ However the game is even with a very expensive pc still lagging when there are explosives. And your look is very laggy to. The graphics are amazing thought. And the story is not that good but still very fun. You can also capture allot of bases in this Really Really big map.You shoult buy it IF you have a good pc.
76561198202778004,Recommended,225540,33577075,Posted: 15 July,all,evlbe,I REALLY love this game. It really combines a great story with incredible gameplay.  I only wish that the story  is longer.  Come on Just Cause 4.
76561198077305128,Recommended,225540,20076919,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,K3B4B,Really good game
,Recommended,225540,28923025,Posted: 1 January,all,[KEK] Switz,allahu akbar
,Recommended,225540,28804014,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,PerkySeal,"***THE FOLLOWING REVIEW IS NOTHING BUT MY OPINION --- DO NOT LET THIS REVIEW ALONE DETER WHETHER OR NOT YOU BUY THE GAME***Okay, you may see some other reviews explaining that there are lots of memory leaks that cause massive lag spikes, this is only true in some cases. I am running a gtx 1060 with 16gb ram and an i5 processor and I am getting a stable 50-60fps on high settings AT ALL TIMES. So if you have a better setup than me, you will definitely be able to run the game well.The game overall is absolutely beautiful, the environment, the cars, the ocean... its all amazing - Not to mention the textures/mesh detail. corrr.The game is relatively fun although it can seem repetetive at times, which isn't a problem for me as I do not get bored easily.The main issue with this game for me is that the driving and flying is quite difficult but with some practice you will be able to master it.Overall: 8/10 -- definitely worth the money.Sorry for the very blank review I am in a rush, as I said don't let this deter whether or not you buy this game."
76561198299955827,Recommended,225540,32879119,Posted: 27 June,all,Cloudlilp,A very good game with a colourful world!
,Recommended,225540,22204083,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,SteppingBeast,"I know I am a little bit late to right a review on this game, but i think it is about time.Here are my thoughts:Pros:+Beautiful environment in even the most unnoticable things around the world+HUGE, and i mean HUGE map to explore.+Great for mindless fun+Many weapons and vehicles to choose from+Very little in the way of performance issues on my GTX 750Ti+Suprisingly low amount of bugs that i have ran into in 50 hours.Cons:-Storyline is very typical and cheesy-Storyline and gameplay gets repetive if played for too long,(I prefer to play in chunks of 1-2 hours at a time)-Liberating gets extremely boring and eventually, yes. you guessed it, repetitive-Enemy and Rebel AI is a little bit pathetic most of the time :POverall I do recommend this game if you have 60 bucks to spare although it is not a must have.My Rating: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,225540,31015733,Posted: 8 April,all,ManiakFnaf,"At the start, you get loads of combat weapons and stuff that are really cool, like GRAPLING HOOKS (I DONT KNOW IF U SPELL THEM LIKE THAT BUT WHATEVER) PARACHUTES (I THINK I SPELT THAT RIGHT....I THINK IM POLISH I DON'T SPELL EVERYTHING PERFECTLY) ok but seriously, the weapons u get and the gadgets...as I call them, are really useful to travel around the beautiful world and the main character you are playing as (Rico) is really badass, so overall I think this game is good for it's price"
,Not Recommended,225540,20596966,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,IG: Salad Snake,"In the current state of it, I don't recommend buying this.The game itself is really fun, and the graphics and destruction are appealing to look at.But, the online is forced and annoying. If you disconnect, then you can't enter the main menu without the game trying to reconnect.Also, there are issues with the game running. Graphical bugs may appear when you first play it, and there was a sound bug for me that made a really loud beep in my ears.Also, the story is very lacking, and missions are repetitive.Once the issues are fixed, I can recommend this."
,Recommended,225540,29214569,Posted: 12 January,all,Dalek,All I have to say about explosion simulator 2016 is NOT ENOUGH EXPLOSIONS
,Recommended,225540,21146251,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,based tobeh,"If Michael Bay ♥♥♥♥s with Peter Parker and Bruce Wayne, the baby would be this game.Okay, so i just finished (read: 30% of the game) the main story of this game and i decided to do a serious review.Please note that this is not an exaggerated review. This is a honest review.If you don't want to read the whole review, here's the quick version of my review:Is this game worth $40?YES, IT IS WORTH EVERY PENNY.Only took me 5 seconds into the first mission to realize this game is directed by Michael Bay.9/10.RatingDescriptionGameplay: 9/10The gameplay is purely amazing and really fun. The devs are like, ""♥♥♥♥ real life physic, we will create a game with bollywood-physic."". There are so much places to explore, freedom, destructions, creative way to kill enemies, and chaos.The map is waaaay bigger than GTA V. And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's so amazing that i can't describe it with words. If you wanna experience the gameplay, play the game yourself. Don't watch others play. As for multiplayer, currently, there are no multiplayer yet but the people who madeJC2-MP are currently working on JC3-MP, so the multiplayer will be available soon (and it's free! ). You only need to wait.Performance: 8/10.This game runs smooth 60 fps on medium-high setting on a GTX 960. Only crashed once in 24 hrs of gameplay. But i've heard AMD users got a terrible performance in this game. Honestly, this game deserves anOverwhelmingly Positivereview. Almost all of the negative reviews are about AMD poor performance. So, if you are an Nvidia user, this game is massively recommended.Graphic: 8/10The graphic is quite good, it's a bit photorealistic. Sometimes, the graphic feels so real and it's easy to immerse yourself into the game thanks to the graphic and soundtracks. The explosions are amazing, probably this game has one of the most beautiful explosions. But there are only 3 (Correct me if i'm wrong ) Anti-Aliasing method in this game. FXAA, SMAA, and SMAA T2X. But the aliasing can be easily ignored since this is a high action game.Story: 7/10.The story is about an evil, cruel, and oppressive dictator. The story is ok, But you don't need a The Last of Us grade story in Just Cause, trust me.Soundtrack: 7/10.The soundtracks are ok.Overall: 9/10The game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Do you like explosions? Do you love to cause a chaos in a video game? Do you love to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up for♥♥♥♥♥♥n' giggles? Do you love grappling hook? Do you love flying? Do you like epic action-movie-like game?If yes, then iHIGHLYrecommend you to get this game. Do yourself a favor, buy this game"
76561198206292004,Recommended,225540,20921894,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,George Costanza,Dune Buggy = Greatest machine ever made by mankind
,Recommended,225540,21336322,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,SystemArray,"Do you loved now dead series ""Mercenaries"" for the consoles?If yes, buy this game!Pros- Beyond HUGE sandbox environment, biggest ingame map I ever seen as of this review.- Infinite parachute, you will never fall to your death in controlled fall.- Infinite sticky bombs, cause so much chain reaction that your computer lags.- FARCRY 3 like wingsuit, cars are now pointless.- Destructible environment, make bridges into killzones.- Grappling hook is your best friend from nano-second 1- Your own personal air drops of whatever you need- Re-oppress single settlements or bases for replay value after you completed the story.- Carpet-bombing jet, makes base destroy easy, yet fun.Cons- Tanks are just APCs with tank cannon.- no air strikes, from Mercenaries point of view.- DLC is worthless- Repetitive- Biggest island has only a few settlements and bases.- Lack of enemy variation- Story is lackingRating: 7/10"
,Recommended,225540,21168207,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Pain,"This game sure is awesome :DBut you must have a beefy pc in order to play it...I have a beefy pc so I reccomend this game to people that have a great pc,if not,I don't reccomend it."
76561198119552947,Recommended,225540,21238640,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,WebnerdZ,Very Fun. Sticking rocket boosters to people is so addicting! Watching there ragdoll bodies fly off into the distance and explode...  10/10 IGN would play again
,Recommended,225540,21238637,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,The Baguette,"I own a Nvidia card, infact one of the low end ones (950) and a 6600k from intel and the game ran fine but that rig is worth a thousand dollars and my old computer had an 3210m which is old and it could not run this.  It just makes me worried that people won't be able to recive this amazing game and expand their range of games they like because  that is what i did and now i play some many other games they really need to make a low processing powere version of this game."
,Recommended,225540,20938641,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,cole21771,8/8 It's great m8
,Recommended,225540,21168855,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,-Tangy-,My GPU is now 6x more buff than shrek
,Recommended,225540,20909113,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,SoldierlyRanger,"Michael Bay Simulator 2015 mixed with some Mediterranean hot sauce (Could be Nandos).Oh yeah, and explosions......lots of explosions9/10 - Graphics card is dying cause of this game"
,Recommended,225540,21198920,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Monocly Man,Michael Bay faps to this.
,Recommended,225540,21395578,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,majorpain,"Pros:- Helis are just fun!!- Imensive map full of oportunities to headshot some bad guy.- Super graphics on a 5 year old rig (Phenom 1100T, HD7970 3GB, 16GB Ram, SSD)- Sweet weapons- Land vehicules are awesomeCons:- Some Feat. are almost impossible"
,Recommended,225540,21395137,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,ConfusedRaccoon,"TL:DR. Ground vehicles are jank sauce. Proper♥♥♥♥♥♥hair. The rest of the game is pretty dope.Let's get the poop out the way. Vehical handling is effing dogpoo. I love anything with an engine and this games (to me) is only let down by the absolut jank way anything with an engine handles. Cars? yeah some are ok, others are the ♥♥♥♥. Motorbikes? I love motorbikes, I ride one my self. Well forget having fun on them in this. By far the worst thing within the game. They should  have just left them out. Planes and helicopters? yeah they're ok. Dislike using keys for flying but there's no yaw (that I could figure out) on a controller so I manned the hell up and delt with it. Boats, yeah they're alright. Like boats in other games really. A bit floaty though.Now. The good things.Beautiful. Cannot comment on the janky performance 'cause I've had solid 60 through out. I dropped to 55 once, in the big city but I hear a lot of people have issues there (?).It really is pretty.The explosions are.. yeah the best I've seen in a game. upclose... a bit less so, but from a safe distance (lol wuts that?) they're proper good.Wingsuit. Awww yeah, that things awesome. hard to learn but blooming enjoyable and a much prefered way to travel.Weapons. not a huge selection but they're ok. the specials are all nice and veried. the rest are soso.The story, I'm yet to finish it but from what I've seen its pretty good. Standard quality for todays triple A titles.Destruction. yeah top notch.Collectables and challenges. some real challenges, others are a cake walk. The collectables are ewsy enough to find as they're all marked on the map >.< but they each reward things. Shrines do some fast travel stuff. the acient parts give you new toys. and the tapes offer an interesting listen to the rise of Mr. Mustacheo evil bugger.The maps huge. Well, it looks and feels huge. You can cover 5Km's with the wing suit in about 2 to 3 minutes or less. I think its at least 10 to 20 minutes from top to bottom using only the wing suit which I think is about ~130kmh"
76561198320867397,Not Recommended,225540,24698975,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Requiesce in pace,WORST PC PORT EVER.
76561197985396703,Not Recommended,225540,24692134,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,GrimFilth,"The game itself is confusing, but good. Story is scizofrenic, explosions go boom, enemy's are usually tough. Had fun playing this game, however...Many lighting glitches, random and fixed game crashes. npc's are basically braindead, challenges wich can't be completed 100%, copy paste tonws. I would recommend the game if you can handle these frustrating bugs."
,Not Recommended,225540,29994917,Posted: 17 February,all,Glopin Boopin,"I've played for about an hour so far, I'll update this review in future if I feel I need to. I have to say so far that Just Cause 2 is more fun. This game is constantly online and pops up with ""you drove faster than this many people on your friends list"". Totally immersion breaking, no one cares. Overall this game is fun but is also horribly optimized. In the hour I have played it has crashed three times and I can't keep 60 fps on a GTX 1070 and I7 6700K. I also encountered many glitches like falling through the map and AI running into walls. It's a shame because this game has the potential to be great. Buy Just Cause 2 instead."
76561198004810483,Not Recommended,225540,25258957,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Sig9,"Have you ever noticed how those games with severe gameplay issues are the ones that somehow end up with a significant price reduction?  Duh.  I paid $30, half price for this game and feel I should have waited for a better sale. Better yet, I should have paid attention to the many negative reviews from my fellow gamers. What’s really sad is that somewhere hiding within is a great game.The gameplay mechanics are typical of console ports; they’re like threading a needle with a pair of plyers and a vise.  It's proably just me but I don’t recall JC2 being anywhere near this difficult to play.  For example, it’s too easy to end up in grappling hook h311 during those heavy action sequences.  During one of the missions, “Abandon Ship” the absurdly poor AI has the character “Mario,” whom the object is to protect, is out walking in the middle of the firefight waiting to get whacked. During this time you’re evading airstrikes, shooting down helicopters, etc.  You’re half a second from mission completion and wham, Mario dies …or worse the game’s well-documented memory leak takes hold and crashes the game completely.  Once that happens, the player is forced to replay the mission from the beginning since there is no built-in resume checkpoint feature.  Didn’t any of the developers test their product?The game's map is a couple steps up from useless.  The map should give the player all they need in terms of status, potential targets and so on.  Nope, the player is forced to turd hunt in order to ""discover"" said targets.I'll say it again, I should have paid attention to this game's less than stellar reviews.My rig: built PC, Windows 10 Pro, i5-4690K, 16Gig Ram, GTX970, Gaming 7 MSI board."
,Not Recommended,225540,24348658,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,abyisheik2105184,"The game is stuttering a lot....crashes in the first 2 minutes, the info which i have sent to steam....this is making my gameplay very unsatisfactory.Just cause 2 was a pleasure to play....Amazing graphics at low memory usage and the best game ever played.....Just cause 3 with all its hype about it being th best game ever is not living up to its predecessor's name.Why produce a game....sell it online and the output comes ot to be a crappy and unplayable game.....i mean for steam is it always about making money or are they interested in gamers emotions too.Very Very Bad and they should come out with some update soon....because...otherwise they can kiss their just cause series GOODBYE!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,225540,24364213,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Kajaho,My favorite part is when the screen goes black randomly and my computer stops responding.
76561198009746487,Not Recommended,225540,24070540,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Salty Nips,"game is great, exactly what I want from a just cause game, but why is it that the game before this had the option for SLI configurations and this does not? my one GTX 670 does a decent job but I get the same frame rates as a GTX 970  with SLI enabled. almost all my games support SLI but this game, a franchise that untill now supported this configuration. not to mention the stutters and crashes that plague this game... you buy this game for the Michael Bay'ery stuff but when that happens your game stutters and crawls. this game should come with a warning ""DOES NOT SUPPORT SLI OR CORSSFIRE""If it worked, it would be awesome, but 7 months down the track and there is STILL no SLI or proper stutter fixes."
76561198015581764,Not Recommended,225540,23802565,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,kruger5,"What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can't even get it to load to the start screen. 10 seconds after I open the game it crashes my whole PC, So I have to do a manual restart every time.The developers should go to trial for this kind of bull.refunding it immediately"
76561198140811632,Not Recommended,225540,24374551,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,corruptkitten,"honestly, this game has so many bugs and crashes... good casual game though. just come on, people pay for a game that works"
76561198006211413,Not Recommended,225540,24063334,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Geronymos,"It just keeps crushing, no matter what settings I try. Rig is a 3960X with  16GB Ram and  980SLiThis game goes as far as the title screen ans then ends up with ""Just Cause 3 has stopped working"" blah blah blahI keep trying for a whole two weeks. Tried everything I read, but still a no go!Certainly avoid  it and spend your money on developers who actually care that you can play the game you paid for!"
,Recommended,225540,29932200,Posted: 14 February,all,MooManTheSecond,BOOMDEDNOT BIG SUPRISE
,Recommended,225540,19510938,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Sherlock Van Helsing,"https://youtu.be/i0hWDulibkUGame:Just Cause 3Genre:Open World ActionDeveloper:Avalanche StudiosPublisher:Square EnixCopy supplied by SteamJust Cause 3is an open world action game developed by Avalanche Studios and published by Square Enix.STORYYou play again as Rico Rodriguez, member of the Agency, and this time he goes back to his hometown, Medici, to help his childhood friends and the rebellion get rid of Colonel DiRavello, an evil dictator who has made life miserable for everyone.The story isn't all that different from the other games of the serie, but this time I was more invested in it: the characters are more fun, there are more over-the-top set-pieces, and I was having a genuine good time. It might not win an Oscar for best screenplay, but it works for the game just fine.GRAPHICSAMD users are currently having serious issues with this game. I recommend waiting for a patch before buying it.Avalanche knows how to make a good looking open world: the islands and mountains of Medici look gorgeous, and each town and base is beautiful to blow up in an orchestra of explosions. The physics are also improved and both more realistic and fun, and more objects can be destroyed, including bridges. The performance was mostly pretty good (45fps on an average laptop) and the game crashed only once while recording with Fraps. It's mostly been a stable experience.The character model of Rico finally looks badass, especially because of the beard. The only real complaint I have is related to everyone else: the NPCs are not very detailed and can get repetitive pretty fast. Still, it looks amazing and it was very relaxing to wingsuit from a mountaintop into the ocean.GAMEPLAYWhen playing Just Cause 3, you must know what you are getting into. It's a game that wants to deliver an open world filled with enemy bases and cities in which you must destroy propaganda billboards, fuel tanks, antennas and radars. And the game completely delivers in that.This is basically an improved version of Just Cause 2: the shooting feels smoother, you can actually walk on vehicles even while driving, you can pull tethered objects, the driving is (slightly) better, and the missions are a bit more fun. They even got completely rid of QTEs, and you can call Rebel Drops with vehicles and weapons without using any money. To move around the environment you have cars, tanks, jets and boats, as well as the grappling hook, parachute and a really fast and useful wingsuit that makes running away from bad situations very easy.Other than story missions, you can destroy outposts or complete Challenges. Each Challenge is related to a different gameplay area (shooting, driving, destroying), and you get Gears that unlock new modifications to improve Rico: carry more grenades, tether more objects, fast Rebel Drops deployments... Thus you get rid of annoying weapon and vehicle upgrades, making the game just less frustrating to play.The game is as boring as you want it to be: you can just shoot rockets and bullets at everything, or try to tether a car packed of explosives to a sphere tank and watch it all blow up in glorious fashion. You make your experience fun or boring.CHALLENGEThe game is mostly challenging while trying to get an high score in Challenges or in some bases with tight security. The AI isn't all that polished, and sometimes might shoot at nothing, but they did manage to kill me a couple of times, especially when I was trying to look cool.SOUNDThe soundtrack is fairly good and the sound effects are as always top notch. The voice acting is also the perfect blend of cheesy and self-aware, and I laughed a couple of times during the cutscenes because of some delivery (especially from Mario).REPLAYABILITY1000 km² of playground, 47 Steam achievements (mostly about Story missions and 100% completion), plenty of challenges and endless possibilities to cause chaos will keep you entertained for many hours to come.Overall, I find this to be a vary damn fun video game. If you enjoyed Just Cause 2 and open world games, the game is pretty much the same and there is plenty of content to keep you hooked. However, some of you might find the whole experience repetitive and tedious. But adrenaline junkies and fans of over-the-top action movies will feel fantastic, going from base to base blowing everything up.Story: 7Graphics: 9Gameplay: 9Challenge: 8Sound: 9Replayability: 9ENJOYMENT: 9FRUSTRATION: 4Follow me on Twitter: @nickygra97Subscribe to my channelLike on Facebook{LINK REMOVED}Check my official websiteJoin my Steam group"
76561198213044848,Recommended,225540,24991243,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,HYPESON,this game now works well and its great for mindless fun.if thay ad more it may stack against justcause 2 only then.but for now i give it a 8/10
,Recommended,225540,24995576,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Yeetari vs Kekmet,"Great gameplay, good story and runs fine on fx 6300, an rx 480 8gb and 8gb of ram."
,Recommended,225540,30073644,Posted: 20 February,all,^7Jaky^8.D,Great game love the gameplay 100h of open world fun
,Recommended,225540,35489838,Posted: 5 October,all,небо,nice game crazy
,Recommended,225540,19676891,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Astro,"Audio - Effects : 8/10Audio - Music : 5/10Visuals: 8/10Gameplay : 8/10Overall: 7.5What was for me probably the most anticipated title for the end of the year. I must say I wound up lowering my expectations towards the released date of the game as I had stumbled upon mixed impressions and some harsh criticism from some reviewers.Needless to say, the game was brilliant and was an improvement over an already decent Just Cause 2, however there were a few niggles, some of which annoyed the living daylights out of me.The game brings an impressive load-out of playable missions, objectives, side challenges. It's a vast open-world, with a hefty sequence of campaign missions that will span over the four peninsulas. The physics are brilliantly done. Tethering a chopper and an enemy soldier is somewhat amusing, or putting thrust grenades and watching him disappear into thin air.All I can say is that being Rico for a bit is a load of fun, the wingsuit, grappling hook and parachute combinations are arguably one of the strong points of this game and provides something unique.The good stuff:Explosions on tapA grappling hook, need I say more?Destructible terrain, the usefulness of the grappling hook becomes evident when you need to pull a chaos object to the groundLeader boards - There is no multiplayer, Avalanche has included an in-campaign challenge leader board, certain objectives are compared with those on your friends list and globally. You can also choose to invite others to compete in challenges. It's not something I've seen before, but it works.Visually an impressive game. But not quite GTA V level, but close.Rico is a badass. The wingsuit, grappling hook and parachute can be loads of fun, and an easy way to traverse the terrainLarge open world divided into peninsulas. Provides an array of different terrains from seaside villages to mountainous military zones.Wide variety of military hardware at your disposable. Most of which is obtained as you progress through the campaign, in turn reducing the monotony of the missions.Mediterranean / Italian themed - It brings something a little different to the table.Vintage weapons, achievements and collectibles strewn throughout the map. Good luck picking it all up though. There is a lot.Mods are availableThe Bad:I'm so sick of liberatingVehicle handling - Cars in particular have handling that can appear sluggish at first, then suddenly whoops you're on your roof. A controller would probably fix this, but for those stuck with keyboards, car handling is not a strong point. GTA V nailed this.Introduction skits that are unescapable. The number of times I've been pulling out bits of my hair waiting for the cut-scenes to end definitely can be counted on more than one hand.Enemy spawns - Countless of times I've wiped the enemy towers and command posts in front of me, only to discover additional enemies have respawned in them. It's game tech from the noughties.Stupidity - My goodness, the AI bots are incredible thick, I'm partly thankful for this as the reason I actually managed to finish the game. They get stuck behind walls occasionally. They are often dumbfounded by carcases of vehicles/choppers and seem to get stuck. Pedestrians have very little road-sense, often not stopping or aimlessly walking around infront of your vehicle, this makes car based challenges borderline annoying.Locating enemy bases and outposts can become a tedious task later in the game as you head to larger sections of the map, guessing where they may be becomes frustrating especially when it takes you 5 minutes to fly a jet (at 350kmh, very fast) to the other side of the peninsula."
,Recommended,225540,19423793,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,presidont of stanferd,"If you loved Just Cause 2, JC3 is a direct upgrade in my opinion. Sure, it requires a beefy computer, but if you got that settled, then this game is 9/10"
,Recommended,225540,21265659,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,bonkripper_46,"This game is exelent. Very fun, visually impressive, and controls well."
,Recommended,225540,23565524,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,bloodmage41,"This game is 50/50. I love all the stuff you can do & the weapons. I love the DLC so far too. When I first got this game I only had 8GB of ram. The game barely ran. When I upgraded my ram to 24GB, all those problems went away."
,Recommended,225540,25628895,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Brian Reynolds,"JC3, like JC2 before it is one of the most indulgently fun games I've played in a long, long while.  Freedom, beauty, and curiosity run rampant through this game experience.  Everywhere you look there's some vista to appreciate, some distant target to explore, some military base to attack, or some wacky challenge event to participate in.  It's everywhere and the size of the world is so vast that it will take you a long, long time before you've fully exhausted what's on offer.  More on that in a moment...Since JC3 is a single-player experience it's nice that the cast of characters are expanded upon both in number and in depth.  Seeing Rico walk about and chatting it up is so much more entertaining than before and lightyears beyond a mute Gordon Freeman just receiving dialogue from other characters.  There's a tremendous amount of fun in listening to the banter between characters and the sly nod-and-a-wink to the more outlandish aspects of the gameplay.  If I had a gripe about the characters and storytelling it's that there's often a tonal clash between the gravitas implied in the mission and liberation scenarios and the utterly ridiculous ways in which you dispatch the opposition.  Nobody bats an eye if you load up a cargo plan with tether attached cars and explosive barrels and crash it into the enemy base, or hook-shot your friendly militia soldiers and throw them into other explosive chaos objects (the game scores you on distance even!) and when the dust settles an encouraging radio broadcast from your revolucion compadre announces that the People's Will is UNLEASHED and a GLORIOUS NEW DAY APPROACHES!One of the greatest clashes occured when I freed an entire province and then discovered one of the missions took place there.  SUDDENLY(!!!) there was a terrible conflict erupting and the might of Señor Bad Guy was out to harm the rebels.  The cinematic scenes dutifully showed military power in grand form waging battle with my people... and THEN BATTLE WAS JOINED and... I just floated along from a little skirmish here and there mopping up puddles and strolling past the patrol posts and fortresses I'd already vanquished.  Huh.  I guess he's not so tough after all.And there you go, that's the #1 thing I have to get across: there's no challenge for this game.  You are ludicrously powerful and nothing even closely comes to match your devastating potential.  It's rare that I ran out of ammunition for the basic weapons but even when I did it was dirt simple to re-arm from dropped weapons or storage racks.  All vehicles have unlimited ammunition and tanks are armored enough that you can kill a whole base easily.  Even if you DO face some challenge from sheer number and die you come back into the game with those previously accomplished objectives still credited, so you can just whittle away at your pleasure.  As you progress you gain access to some weapons that kill anything instantly, and you can nuke things from orbit just to be sure.  Take a helicopter with rockets overhead and at a distance and then enemy won't even see you as you lob high explosives on everything of value.You will have to invent your own challenges for this game if you want it in combat.  The game makes up for the lack of combat difficulty with the sheer AMOUNT of opportunities for combat.There are other side-challenges you can engage in to beef up your awesomeness and those are fun time-wasters, though the rewards are somewhat dubious:  who needs auto-tracking grenades when I can call on a portable nuclear rocket launcher with more ammunition?  Why do I need turbo boost on a car when it's so much more fun to fly with the wingsuit?OOH, the wingsuit.  That's a nifty thing.  The wingsuit addresses my chief complaint with Just Cause 2 which was that the infinity parachute and parachute thrusters were so useful and necessary that you'd never want any other combat vehicle, but it made for slow traveling if you really wanted to get around.  The wingsuit lets you ballistically travel all over with the force of gravity on your side and it's a beautiful thing to hurl yourself through the air and then gracelessly faceplant in front of your rebellion bro-hards.The DLC add-ons are fun, but kind of light-beer experiences.  There's very little explanation for what this Black Hand Army is and the fact they don't have a presence in the general storyline makes their DLC presence seem haphazard and random, like some sort of training opponent rather than some genuine foe you can understand.  The payoffs for the DLC missions are the toys you unlock: the super battle-boat, the jetpack wingsuit upgrade, and the floaty mech-tank.  Unfortunately while it's fun to use those toys they don't have much use in the long run.  The shooty-boat is left to be forgotten because so little of the game takes place on water, the mech is terrifically powerful but not really any more so than a tank or helicopter you can easily get access to normally.  The jetpack wingsuit is GOLD however and once you equip yourself with that you never really need another vehicle again.  I did like that the DLC shook up the gameplay with mech and sea combat, and the aerial fortress was probably the most interesting diversion.I tell ya though, if you go after the DLC missions early enough in the main game then your massive overkill potential increases even further and you just slam-dunk the opposition effortlessly.So what do I say ultimately in review?  It's incredibly fun to be an unstoppable vengeful (flying) spanish god and I would have liked the game to stop talking to me like I'm an above-average mortal soldier.  I do think the gameplay wears out it's sense of majestic freedom long before it's run out of things for you to do.  Paying $60 for the game + expansion packs will let you feel like you're getting your money's worth and any price below $30 for everything will surely be a bargain."
76561198030038135,Recommended,225540,25267255,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Jmean,"Ok I know a lot of people are disliking the game. First off I find this game to be more like a good time killer and relaxing blow em up type. The new wingsuit is my favorite way of getting around and now it is equiped with weapons!!!The game is actuallt pretty easy for the most part, my biggest complaint is unlocking the gears. These are challenges that when completed gives you boost or allows ou to use less energy. The problem is they are so boring and you usually have to do the same challenge multiple times to get all the gears unlocked.That said I really enjoyed the game and I think it would be fun if we can start a new game with gears already unlocked once we complete the game. I would do a replay except that I have all gears unlocked and I really don't want to do them again.Also please note if you start a new game you loose your old game unless you back it up in the save folder, there is no multiple save slots you have been warned.I do recommend it though if you want a good time killer that is fun. Might want to wait till it is on a sale though"
76561197967587070,Not Recommended,225540,29986634,Posted: 17 February,all,Kenci,"sadly for me i only start reading the bad comments after i bought the game(it's on sale now).The game constantly says that my memory is low, but i have at least 8GB of RAM..and then when i do get to try and play the game it crashes completely.i could slap myself in the face for not reading the bad comments sooner.in this state i do not reccomend the game to anyone.my specs are: i5 4440k  3.1GHZ8 GB RAMGPU: Nvidea GTX 1050 ti OC  4GB"
,Recommended,225540,27145997,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Тупо Пепук,Найс 25 опыта
76561198173787847,Not Recommended,225540,20244598,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Trooper1108,I guess i dont really have a right to comment case i actully havent played that much. But i will warn you now if you get this game expect heaps of bugs. I cant even get it past the start screen because it always crashes. The most its gone is 3 minutes into the beginning of the game. I know its a new game and all but its either it works and its totally worth it or it crashes everytime you try to play and you have wasted like 70 dollars if you willing to take that risk be my guest but dont say i didnt warn you.
,Recommended,225540,23497746,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,nathanthedevil06,really good have r7 graphics card and really good
,Recommended,225540,27174087,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sotong is here!,Worth every penny! boooomm booom boommmmm!!~~~
,Not Recommended,225540,19425579,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Thrill Cosby,"No SLI support of any Kind, and poor performance with most GPU's/CPU's Regardless of the brand. No Performace change on any quality settings.Do yourself a favour and don't buy this game, at least not in this state.Some people have gotten lucky and can run this game perfectly. It Honestly is a hit or miss. If the issues dont get fixed in less than 3 days I'll be returning it.Triple A titles shouldn't have so many issues at launch. Thats the point of triple A titles."
,Recommended,225540,23744509,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,OsumO-Owl,BEST GAME EVER
76561198105400409,Recommended,225540,23894169,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Wot,it gud for expolshuns
,Not Recommended,225540,19425217,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,NUBLIFE,"1st of All I just want to state that this game is amazing and I love it to bits. However I am right now getting very strange frame drops(my guess is it has to do with the lod or explosions taxing my graphics card to much... I have a 770 for those asking and for most of the game I get around 80 frames a second, but then sometimes at random, sometimes when I make half a base go boom in 1 sec I get a frame drop to about 7 frames or less for about 10 sec. Needless to say this is making the game unplayable right now.Please note I have tried turning all the settings to off and low to try and fix it, but all that does is increase my frames... I still get the random drops in FPS[to about 10 fps and bellow instead].(which I think is linked to lod and particle effects) When this is fixed its a 10/10 until then its more like a 3/10."
,Recommended,225540,20502298,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Patty,"Great game overall, really."
,Recommended,225540,20010345,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Wu-Tang Clang,"8/10One of the funniest experiences i have had, the only reason it isnt 10/10 is the stupid online ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that re connect every 5  minutes its super annoying, i have a decent PC and can run on medium to high but some fights can get a little dicey with the frames, great game just needs some optimization and no online ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
,Recommended,225540,23511585,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,donutdog,I haven't left my room in hours. This game is amazing.
,Recommended,225540,23893827,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Vladimir Lenin,"I have heard that this game has problems with memory leaking and lag, but I haven't had any of those issues. I don't even have the required 8 GB of RAM (I have 6) and it runs fine. I don't know if it's been patched to be fixed, or its something else on my system helping it, but I seem to have very few problems.System Specs:OS: Windows 10 HomeProcessor: Intel Core i7-4790K @ 4.0 GHzMemory: 6 GB RAMGraphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 (4 GB)Storage: 1 TB HDD (Drive the game is stored on) and 250 GB SSD"
76561198086706981,Not Recommended,225540,28390581,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,SkiShack,writing this while just cause trys to reconnect to servers while playing single player.
,Recommended,225540,32874598,Posted: 27 June,all,Meeko. No chat...,10/10. Blow stuff up. Grapple hook enemies to tanks and send them flying into the air like fireworks... Cant go wrong
,Recommended,225540,20157319,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,man with worlds bigest head,"Possibly my favourite game of all time and I only bought it last weekend :DPros- Destruction is amazing, no other game can do destruction as well as Just Cause can- Graphics are nice, visuals are bright and vibrant.- Attention to detail is very good, e.g. when you run over sun flowers in their fields in a vehicle each one individually gets flattened- Extremely fun! Finally a game that pretty much just focuses on pure fun, messing around and nothing else- Progression is very enjoyable, upgrade your wingsuit/other gear and slowly take Medici settlement by settlement, also store every vehicle that you can find in the game to have it delivered to you in a rebel drop whenever you like (This includes F1 Cars, Sports cars, Jets, Tanks, and the huge cargo planes)- Every limitation is removable! At the start of the game you may notice that some annoying limitations are added to stop you from immediatley getting lots of jets and other things in rebel drops and destroying everything on the island. There are of course legitimate intentions for this as it would not be very challenging if they did not have these limitations but every single one can be removed later game as you progress and unlock more things.- Literally limitless possibilities! Drop 2 buses out from a cargo plane onto one of Di Ravello's bases, or create your own home made mortar strike using dual tethers, a ramp and random passing by cars. Anything you can think of is do-able in Just Cause 3 :)Cons- Some hardware issues with the game - apparently does not work on a lot of different systems which could be worrying for some.- FPS drops are often. I run this game on high settings with some set to ultra. I have a Gigabyte GTX 970 graphics card and an AMD 8320 3.5ghz processor with 8gb of RAM. My FPS usually stays at a straight 90 but can sometimes dip as low as 17fps.- The game crashes fairly often. It is usually when I get into helicopters or any kind of airborne vehicle the game sometimes crashes - roughly once every 2 hours- Load screens take a long time to load- Is perhaps a little repetative after a while, but this can all be fixed with your out of the box thinking and creativity on how to complete tasks!NOTE: Make you sure you have manually updated your windows to service pack 1. I went through the hassle of reinstalling Windows TWICE before figuring out that all I had to press was one button to get my Just Cause to work. R.I.P :("
,Not Recommended,225540,33832463,Posted: 27 July,all,Siy202,"The game isn't very well optimized, if you cant make it run without stuttering in the first 15 minutes i suggest you simply get a refund."
,Recommended,225540,22951900,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ironmatt4x4,THIS. GAME. IS. AWESOME.
76561198181594597,Not Recommended,225540,25689205,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,二阶堂真红,It's like one year since one of the very first post complaining about the jet unable to lock homing missiles and the developers still haven't fix it and players get stuck on some mission. Is it that hard to fix? I recon not. It's some attitude problem.
,Recommended,225540,32808116,Posted: 26 June,all,lil' billy,This game captured me at the start and I haven't stopped playing yet. Play this game.
,Recommended,225540,33065977,Posted: 30 June,all,Arkhamchief,"I was lucky enough to play this game at high settings 1080p without too much fps drop.  If you're planning on buying this, buy it knowing that the game will crash and most likely you will never have consistent fps.Pros:-Huge, beautifully designed open world-Lots of vehicles to use-Wingsuit is alot of fun to use, same goes for the traditional parachute-Great for casual free roam or pulling off huge stunts-Gear mods (upgrades for game mechanics and vehicles) add lots of new features and abilities that you can earn without a demanding point systemCons:-Inconsistent fps-Severe lag during story missions and shooting gameplay (Practically unplayable)-Too much explosions can cause crashing (I fixed this by tampering with my graphics cards settings)-Story lacks content and a pace, things just randomly happen with little to no background as to why-Repetitive story missions, same formula used over and over again-Forcing user to enter online mode when starting the game upOverall, this game is great for casual free roamers and the occasional stunts, however the fps drops and crashes disturb the experience when playing such a visually pleasing game.  8/10"
76561197970348107,Not Recommended,225540,29454050,Posted: 23 January,all,billy_jee,"Crash festival. i74790K GTX1080 32G ram. So fun, shame it cannot be played for more than a few minutes."
,Recommended,225540,23914551,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nahiz,"The wingsuit challenge is driving me crazy, but the else parts are good.Crashed once before, the only problem is that everytime I open it, it will randomly shuffle between windowed and fullscreen, and sometimes when I jumped out and then went back to game, the window became weird with the taskbar being visible.Run under 1080p with 970 and 16gb ram, so the leaking is not a problem for me but could be a problem for the others."
76561198071369363,Recommended,225540,28621702,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Agladir,"Overall this game was a great game to purchase. It's been 8 hours now and none of the game has become boring. Over all the game was fun for its creativity and dramatization of violence.Pros:1) Hours of fun.2) Had few bugs from my experience.3) I bought it during the steam winter sale for 75% off.4) The game turned out to be more fun then it looks.5) The game runs greast on my build, never dipping below 60 FPS for sure.Cons:1) The game does not have that much costomiaztion toward perspective that you play from (FOV, distance...ETC).2) Crashed once only at around 3 hours of playing.3) The loading screen at the beginning when you start the game is long and annoying.4) The winter XL sale did not come with all of the DLC, missing around three of the nine dlcs of the game."
,Recommended,225540,21141396,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,O.Z.[DLR.A],"GREAT GAME , LOTS OF FUNHAVENT HAD ANY ISSUES RUNNING THE GAMEIF YOU LIKE JC2 YOU WILL LOVE THIS"
76561198245533566,Recommended,225540,23606902,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,sugnanine,bigoloilymamas
76561197968160307,Not Recommended,225540,24109263,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Combatical,"……..…../´¯/)……….. (\¯`\…………/….//……….. …\\….\………../….//………… ….\\….\…../´¯/…./´¯\………../¯ `\….\¯`\.././…/…./…./.|_……_| .\….\….\…\.\..(.(….(….(…./.)..)..(..(. \….)….)….).).\…………….\/…/….\. ..\/……………./..\…………….. /……..\……………..…/….\…………..(………. ..)……………./HAVE A ♥♥♥♥ING OFFLINE MODE!Noone cares about stupid♥♥♥♥♥leaderboard♥♥♥♥♥♥!! Your game is so poorly optimized that I have to turn off ""online mode"" for some stupid♥♥♥♥♥gimick.Let me take you on the quick adventure I've had with this game.Day one, I buy this on steam summer sale. I knew I had to wait because I really had been looking forward to this game for quite some time but I've read so many poor reviews on it I couldnt justify buying it at full price.. So I see it onsale and figured what the hell.. I read a few ""fixes"" for it and figured I'd try my luck.I buy it, DL it and start it up.. Okay.. Trying to get in the game takes a while because I have to watch a stupid cut scene of the main character sitting on the beach.. No no.. This is where the game is trying to connect to servers.. smfh.I boot up the game.. ♥♥♥♥♥ going crazy everywhere.. Its running like trash but I figure.. I""ll wait until I get through this ""action"" opening scene..Finally get to where I can just stand and look at overall performance and yea, still runs like crap.. Skip 2 hours later after researching alot of ""fixes"" I find that the reason the game runs like trash is because its trying to contact the servers at all times..I really couldnt believe that this would cause such an issue but I figured what the heck lets give it a try..LET ME TELL YOU... It improved performance 90% I was floored..So I was happy I beat the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ performance boss and now could start playing my game. Skip several hours of game play.. Was having a blast..I wake up sort of early this morning to play a bit, get my coffee going.. Sit down try to boot up the game..Now IM GETTING A ♥♥♥♥ING ERROR MESSAGE TELLING ME THE GAME CANNOT CONNECT TO SERVERS.♥♥♥♥ YOU!!!!!!!!Now I cannot play my game, because the fix that I found was to block the servers..TLDR;-Game runs like potato because it connects to the servers.-No sign of them fixing this issue as the games been out since Dec.-Games fun if you can play it.-Principal of forcing you to play online makes me want to punch babies."
,Not Recommended,225540,28384424,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,YOLO,"WIN10I7-6700K 4.00GHZ16 GB RAMNVIDIA GeForce GTX 970450GB available spaceFPS 10-30  My PC is too old for this♥♥♥♥♥♥GG, but not a good game."
,Not Recommended,225540,22137916,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,WinAce,"I've been wanting to play this game forever, but it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Stay away until they fix this POS"
,Recommended,225540,23356020,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,[ASN]KΛΖΞ,Awesome game i don't know why the ratings are low the  game is amazing awesome cool and beautiful and let's not forget EXPLOSIONS!!!!
,Recommended,225540,23819168,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mega,"Solid gameplay, great improvements coming from Just Cause 2. Open world now feels satisfying rather than a boring repetition as it was on previous games. Tons of side activities, good missions and weapons/skills.The only major problems are that the performance still isn't optimal, but the patches have made it better. Driving still is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for common vehicles (it's ok for some military vehicles though), the map variety isn't as impressive as Just Cause 2 (specially the lack of a proper desert and deeper jungles, but hey there's a volcano). Oh and stupid Ubisoft-tier optional collectibles scattered around the map.And the biggest problem, that shouldn't really be one for most players but the story is VERY disappointing, even for Just Cause standards. JC1 and 2 ended with great closures hinting towards next game or just seeing what the characters are up to now that the evil dictator is dead. In JC3, as soon as your mission is done and the dictator is out of scene, it goes straight to credits. No bonus scene, no party/celebration like in 2, it just ends.But overall, it is a very fun game and you should definitely pick it up on sale(along with 1 and 2 if you don't own them yet). I haven't got the chance to try out the DLC yet but I've been told it makes the game even more fun, so there's that."
,Recommended,225540,19924777,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dank Memer,Great Game
,Not Recommended,225540,29989598,Posted: 17 February,all,DeathKnight.,Game is pretty and quite fun when it works.But do not buy this game if you have less than 16gb of RAM. Crashed 5 times in my 3.4 hours of gameplay
,Not Recommended,225540,21901815,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Boomerang Rapido,horrible
,Not Recommended,225540,21965612,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,toastghost73,just crash 3
,Recommended,225540,30215253,Posted: 27 February,all,VanSHOE,you can tether a flying jet to a building and  send him on a merry go round :D
76561197982588286,Not Recommended,225540,28892525,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mandibles x2,"Extremely poorly optimized, especially for multiple displays.  Window refuses to go fullscreen on anything other than one display.  Only way to play on a different screen is by going windowed and dealing with the ♥♥♥♥ed up resolution or going through the hassle of rearranging your entire workspace.Not even a borderless windowed mode to take a performance hit and cheat putting it on a different display"
76561197970493590,Not Recommended,225540,34007153,Posted: 3 August,all,john,Game had potential but is a watered down version of just cause 2 with seemingly worse graphics and terrible design decision by locking things behind strange chore like side activities. The constant server disconnects and reconnects due to the required always on connection destroys the ability to enjoy this game. Tip to devs if you decide to make a game always on for no good reason in a single player game for leaderboard info at least put an in game menu option to start and stay offline especially if you cannot or will not fix your crappy servers and network.Tip for anyone playing add in -noautoreconnect to the game startup in steam launch options you will thank me later. Buy this crap on heavy discount or just go back and play JC2 its a much better experience in so many ways.
,Recommended,225540,33795481,Posted: 25 July,all,SmilingScorpion,"I would recommend it only if you like the concept of the game, you buy it on sale, and you can tolerate the graphics and screen problems.I have constant issues when I use Alt + Tab, because when I return to the game, it changes automatically to Windowed mode and is not good since a little part of the game screen is not visible (but is still playable when this happens).Also, you need to be careful to not have a controller connected when you start the game, since it would freeze the game and you would have to kill your PC and restart again. To use a controller you just have to plug it when the game has already started and is loaded (I was using an Xbox One Controller connected with a wire, I did not find this problem using the official wireless 360 Controller adapter).As several other reviews have said, this is an extremely fun game, and it has this new multiplayer mod, where you can feel the enthusiasm of their developers to make the game even more enjoyable for us."
,Not Recommended,225540,20093330,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TooOldForGaming,"Requires always online connection DRM, Avalanche Studios at the behest of their evil SquareEnix overlords decided they should treat all their customers like pirates.The sound playing through both companies as they wring their hands evily trying to make money while ♥♥♥♥ing over their paying customershttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdmLVZR42CY"
,Recommended,225540,21840633,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Underdog?,"Overall - 7.5/10 - Great , still has problems.Pros -* A NUKE SHOOTER - My life is complete.*Mods*Fun*Grappling*Wingsuit*The Guns are fun*Graphics are pretty*The map - HOLY CRAP IS IT BIG! It is also very varied and fun.*The bombs and destructible enviroment has become an addiction , I have a compulsion to blow up bridges and outposts.*Vehicle choice - While driving is meh , the choice of cars can redeem things.*BOMBS & DESTRUBILITY - Michael Bay's wet dream couldn't match this.In the middle -*Gunplay - Usually good but can be frustrating FOR ME. I might just be bad , saying that I have completed the game.*Driving - I usually glide , but driving can be slidey and stupid. It isn't THAT bad. I can pull off some cool stunts sometimes.*Story - forgettable and meh, I gave up and just blew up some trains.Cons -*DRM - Ahhhhh DRM oh how we love you. Oh wait ... no we don't . We hate you. Don't come back. I once had to install a mod to fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥ I couldn't play until I went offline mode. I know it is Denuvo anti-tamper and it did work. But DRM is an anti-buy repellent for many.*Optimization - While this is mostly fixed  I still get a fps drop every now and then when there are a bunch of explosions or in a city. OR BOTH. But lucky a GTX 750ti was good enough for 60 FPS 1080p. Lucky the game looks good at low otherwise I wouldn't play it that much.Conclusion - Great for sandbox play, open world exploration , mindless destruction , awesome stunts , amazing moments of walking away from explosions. If you have a low end pc. Stay away. If you have bad internet. Consider carefully before approaching.P.S If you don't mind a bit of modding I believe there is a multiplayer mod in the works. So bear that in mind."
76561198006925584,Not Recommended,225540,24002111,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,werb123,"Played the game to blow stuff up and have fun.  I blew stuff up and had fun.  Good game to do that.  Newest update came out, playing for mabye 30 minutes and I started lagging attacking a base, which I have done many times before.  Read reviews saying about a memory leak and needing 16 GB of Ram.  Doesn't help much.My specs:Intel core i7-5930K 3.5Ghz32 GB RAMTwo (2) Nvidia GeForce GTZ 980'sI should not be lagging. Played it before fine, the update made it lag a lot though."
76561198027429071,Not Recommended,225540,24158841,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BinMeister,"so... having played and enjoyed JC2 i was very exited for this game.however, constant bad preformance (running I7, 8GB ram, Radeon R9 200)storie line seems non existant, way to much cutscene's for my taste.all en all i held on for about an hour.It pains me to say,  but i cannot recomand buying this game. it is a waste of your hard earnd cash."
,Recommended,225540,24215642,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,WookieJebus,"Re-purchased on the summer sale...  Game is still extremely resource intensive, but RAM makes the difference.Currently running on high with all settings on across the board on the following:- i3-4160 3.6Ghz- 16GM RAM- GTX 750ti 2GB OC Edition- No SSD- Getting 60-70 fps averageBuddy of mine has same CPU, Mobo & GPU, but only 8GB of RAM, he's getting 33fps average on absolute minimum settings.The point is, ""8GB recommended"" is a lie. The game idles on 10.9GB used.Faffing-about-creed 3 is one of the best games I've played in a very long while though. Would recommend.NOTE: Buy it, try playing it, if it doesn't work properly, get a refund immediately. The developers WILL NOT care about you being unable to play.Some high-end machines can barely run this, while some fairly low spec(like mine) machines run it perfectly smooth."
,Not Recommended,225540,23861837,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Lizzer,I'm glad there's a refund option.PS: You're lucky if you manage to pass the loading screen.
,Not Recommended,225540,23870626,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Munchies [NerdsBG],"Unfortunately I have to give a thumbs down on this one.I don't have performance issues at all. Game runs smooth with all on Ultra High and 1080p graphics on my PC, however I have 16GB DDR4 ram, the new generation CPUs and an Nvidia GT970 JETSTREAM. It's not the best of the best but it runs the game really good maxed out so performance is not an issue for my thumbs down as seen in most reviews.The reason is the game itself. ITS SO BORING. Have you played Mad Max? Well - it's the same game but instead of driving the car and fight in Batman Style with 2 buttons on your controller - you shoot guns and fly. It's all the same - you have the map, you have the bad guys taken over the map and you ""liberate"" the cities by destroying the white/red thingies that are all the same everywhere with some story missions in between that make you drive a car or a plane - something you will never do otherwise since the parachute and the wings are way faster and you know - free ... the gam is so repetative ...The good thing about this game is that it's a Just Cause game - so you have the Grapling Hook and the phisics with it - and it's even more awesome. But thats it. I guess the enemies absorb so many bullets - and you absorb so many bullets in this game is so that you can have time to think about how to use the grapling hook.It's a shame that the first Single Player game that is Uncrackable by any hacker group is this one. It don't deserve it's price. Don't buy it unless it's in a bundle with something that is worht your 1 euro.If you like the Just Cause games before it was because there were no other games with great graphics, phisics and open world, but now we have the Batman games, GT ♥♥♥♥ing A, Skyrim and so many others waaay way better open world games than this.I am sorry Square Enix. I still repect you as developers and publishers - you make awesome games and JC3 is also pretty good game - however you really need to work on your ideas because the first city you liberate is basically the whole game. You just do this for few more hours and you are done.I'll keep trying to suck out some more enjoyment from this game and have some fun bringing chaos and playing with the grapling hook, but damn it's repetative ... at least give moding tools to the people wo did the JC2 multiplayer mod - they can bring some fresh ideas and things to do in this game ...For now - people reading this. Don't buy this game unless it's for 1 euro in a bundle with something that is worth it ..."
,Not Recommended,225540,23948257,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jacquerrene,"best crashing,Stuttering,& suffering simulator"
,Not Recommended,225540,24036123,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Madsad1234,When i first started playing this game i had a blast with the awesome new mechanics with a few minor bugs but now i have been having problems with my sli config and with my ram... out of the 24 gb of ram i have the game uses 20 gb of it and causes a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of stuttering really ruining my experience and now i have to wait till they come out with an sli patch and a fix to the ram issues and i hope that happens soon because if so this would be my favourite game of all time but alas with these bugs i dont now what else to do.....
76561198073869121,Not Recommended,225540,19422423,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,hapless prey,"Many people are experiencing crashes with the following error:A fatal error occured in the graphics driver.Code:38Result: 'Device Removed, Reason: DXGI_ERROR_DEVICE_HUNG: Graphics device stopped responding. There might be an infinite loop in a GPU program.'There seems to be no fix for this issue. As such the game is totally unplayable, since it crashes immediately after the opening video."
,Not Recommended,225540,23752772,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Alexalmighty502,This game is rather repetitive and boringalso its unoptimised out of the♥♥♥♥♥and does not allow the usage of slidont forget about memory leaks and that theyre doing very little to fix ithonestly unless this game is 60% off or more and you have a very powerful computer (and i do mean very) dont get it
,Not Recommended,225540,23860842,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Shrek,Lags on a 780tiGot a refund alreadyDon't buy
,Not Recommended,225540,30087146,Posted: 21 February,all,booty bongos,♥♥♥♥ing boring really.
,Not Recommended,225540,24959327,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Wesley,"Performance issues aside, the game still is not that good.Driving is a nightmare. When your car decides to stick to the ground, a terrible camera system with low FOV and terrible physics.Combat is decent at best, with 1995 style force fields popping up way to frequently and the enjoyable chaos of just cause 2 vanishing. Car chases are way less entertaining as well.The progression system is trash, the black market system got replaced by something that also barely works.And in the end, it still runs like trash. Under all that somewhere was an awesome game based on the silliness of Just Cause 2, but I can't bring myself to dig deep enough to find it."
,Not Recommended,225540,23761751,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Radoria,"Since I bought the game, it keeps crashing and it's unplayable."
76561198295538241,Recommended,225540,29806715,Posted: 9 February,all,Vobbo,The game is a little bit boring sometimes but I still think it's worh buying. If u like explosions this is the right game for you. 6/10
,Not Recommended,225540,23410947,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,MadGenius,"Don't buy this game for now, this is the most buggy game I've ever seen for a while !Changing graphical settings makes the game stop responding, unable to play without laggy stuttering and graphical glitches and sometimes when you start the game, it freeze completely your computer and you'll need to hard reboot.It's not a bad game in terms of gameplay though, but the bad optimization ruins all the good things of this Just Cause...If you want this game, buy it at huge discount or wait for a miracle patch that will make this game a real game.GAMEPLAY : 8/10GRAPHICS : 7/10OPTIMIZATION : 2/10OVERALL : 5/10"
,Recommended,225540,33267608,Posted: 5 July,all,卂尺ㄒㄖ尺丨卂丂,HA HAExplosions
,Recommended,225540,19439057,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,GIANTDAWRF,"Alot of peole bash this game for running poorly. Lucky for me, I have had no problems. I'm running a GTX 970 with an i5-4690K. Ever since the driver updates, I have been able to maintain 70-80 fps on ultra with very few noticeable drops.The good:If you enjoyed Just Cause 2, then this is your game. Jc3 improves on almost every aspect from JC2. The characters are well done, the graphics are well done (except for lod), the story is better, the driving is better, the flying is better, the explosions are WAY bigger, the rebel drop system is great (except for those ♥♥♥♥ing timers), and Rico is more badass than ever now that he is rocking a God damn wing suit!The neutral:It is so much easier to capture bases now which is good in the sense that you aren't looking around corners for an hour and a half looking for that last fuel tank but it removes the satisfaction from finally finding that last chaos object. Now it just tells you on the map.The bad:The map. Sure the map is as big as the previous one and terrain itself is with caves and epic canyons to launch yourself through with Rico's new wingsuit. The problem is that in just cause 2, the map was incredibly diverse with rainforests, cities, deserts, and mountains which were all split up into different biomes. Here, you have Mediterranean, Mediterranean, Mediterranean, and then a pissy little Mountain biomes and a tiny mining operation to explore. The map feels too much like the same no matter where you go. I would actually love to see a $15 dlc that gives me the option to go back to Panau with the new upgraded Rico.The other annoying thing is the tedious unlock system. I don't mind some of the challenges but I don't want to have to fly through hoops countless times just to unlock the next upgrade to rebel drop aeroplanes. It would also be nice to have the option to have the mods apply to all vehicles not just the ones you drop in.Also the motorcycles blow♥♥♥♥♥in the handling department.Final verdict:If you have never played Just Cause 2, either buy that or watch gameplay before deciding on if you will buy just cause 3. If you are like me and really enjoyed Just Cause 2, then this game is definitely worth the money."
76561198023685938,Not Recommended,225540,23741677,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kirjiel,"I played Just Cause 2 for almost 500 hours and even restarted it from the beginning and loved every single moment,  then the MP mod released and had a blast with it for another 200+ hours. I didn't even get to the end of Just Cause 3. Nuff said."
,Recommended,225540,23814186,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mowgli,"The game has bad performance reports, yet i bought it due to the summer sale and it has worked flawlessly on my laptop. I reccomend it and if it doens't work within 2 hours refund it."
76561198046574040,Not Recommended,225540,22916485,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,bakinshake,I purchased Just Cause 3 because of my love for the second game. Unfortanutely it has been a buggy mess. Initially I got it to work by installing beta drivers. Then when I try to come back to the game it slows my computer to a screeching halt and sometimes makes me restart my computer.
,Recommended,225540,19440396,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Farhnir,"Game is good, yeah could have had a much better optimization and maybe more pc user friendly controls ( i'm not saying they are bad but could have been better).  Playing on GTX 980 i7 5930k  16gb DDR4 (game on ssd) 45-60 fps stable, not dropping below 45, everything maxed out on 2560x1440 ( 1440P). Game is totally worth it's 50 $/Euro"
,Recommended,225540,23356313,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Dan Bolivar VO,"I'm 20 hrs into Just Cause 3 and I'm having a blast! (Pun not intended)I was wary of getting this game because of so many reported fps issues, but since Steam stands behind our purchases I was confident that had anything gone wrong, I'd get a refund. Luckily and gladly it runs like butter.I'm on a single MSI Nvidia 970, Core i7 980X 333hz, 12GB ram and it runs GREAT.I don't even need to OC my GPU at all, I hit consistently 70 to 80 fps in nearly all situations even the most demanding full of geometry and post FX with no drop no stutter at all. There is the occasional freeze, but in 20 hrs it's only happened twice. So I can live with that.As for the game, it's fun and challenging especially playing KB/Mouse. I got the Season Pass too, I figure if I'm going to wait two months for No Man's Sky, I'll need to be equipped and ready to rumble in the meantime.Driving isn't as bad as Watch Dogs, Flying is OK, wingsuit control could have been a tad better, but I'll chalk it up to me needing more practice. :)If you enjoyed Just Cause and Just Cause 2, you'll like Just Cause 3 even more.Hope this helps you decide whether to buy or not."
,Recommended,225540,33165315,Posted: 2 July,all,PhantomStreak,BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM  BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOMand more BOOM
76561198072559414,Not Recommended,225540,28543830,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Herobrine,"I bought this on sale thinking that it would be worth it and be like JC2 but with better graphics. It has some good things about it but I wanted this game mostly for the driving and flying aspects but they are both so stiff and hard to handle unlike the previous title so I would not get this game even when its on sale, dont waste your money."
,Not Recommended,225540,19427005,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,apollyon,"I've had no technical issues beyond one graphical glitch that was resolved on restarting, but even though I can get the game to run, there are a number of problems that unfortunately do not end at technical issues.Number one on the list are upgrades being locked behind extremely tediuous and strict challenges that are a far cry from the rest of the games free-form chaos. The main gameplay is centered traveling from base to base with your grappling hook, parachute, and new to the series; a wingsuit. The traveling is superb, and nuanced. It's not just fun, it's something you learn to get better at as you play. After you liberate a base you unlock challenges that unlock new toys to play with, which creates a cycle of gameplay. Fly to a base, liberate it using your arsenal of weapons and gadgets, unlock challenges, complete challenges to unlock new weapons, gadgets, and upgrades.It would be a perfect cycle if it weren't for the challenges. The infernally designed, boring, at times controller-breakingly-frustrating challenges. Some of them are just fine. Not fun, but not frustrating. Others, such as wingsuit challenges, can be so incredibly strict that IF you happen to get all 5 gears (the equivalent to a score rating, and more importantly the way you unlock upgrades), it winds up feeling more like luck than skill. Some of the challenges took me upwards of 20 times to get 5 gears, while a couple took me 2 trys. Neither instance was fufilling, neither instance felt like I got the score I did due to my personal skill. There is so little room for error, and certain challenges feel outright broken. One wingsuit challenge has you choosing what paths to fly through, each going a seperate way, which I thought was a brilliant way to solve the issue of how strict these challenges felt, until I went through one pathway perfectly, and still didn't get a high enough score to unlock all 5 gears. Was I supposed to choose a different path? Is there a specific combination of paths that is correct? Even if that is the case, that sort of trial and error gameplay is hardly compelling.This all may seem nitpicking, I mean these little distractions are hardly why anyone plays sandbox games, but this is HOW you unlock upgrades for rico's gear and vehicles. It's LITERALLY the only way. That changes these otherwise ignorable mini-games from being distractions to being neccesary to complete if you want to get all the upgrades and unlock all the potential the games main destruction-based gameplay has to offer.Even if the challenges had been tons of fun, this game does not add on enough or change enough to warrant buying it over Just Cause 2, not for the difference in price. Yes, the wingsuit is fun, yes the tethering system is fun. Are the new features worth $45? Absolutely not. Especially considering how Just Cause 2 has a much better system for unlocking content, I would just stick with the second one for now."
76561197990374210,Recommended,225540,23448783,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,wat,"An amazing game  created by Square Enix, amazing graphics and an extermely big game, took me about a week to finish. Recommended to all"
,Recommended,225540,25810704,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Jack,"I love this game, the graphics are great and I think it is way more fun than any of the other Just Cause games. There are many cars, planes, helicopters, boats, RPGs, dual weilded guns, and rifles to chose from. The storyline is very interesting and funny at some points. Overall, great game."
76561198154083522,Recommended,225540,30380734,Posted: 7 March,all,ANIMAL-MOTHER,Its a class game. Shame the pad bug isnt fixed yet! Multiplayer version on the way I believe...Anyone having problems with stuttering and or crashes due to memory leaks;simply unplug any pads (i.e xbox one or ps4 pads) until the main menu game is loaded. Only then plug in and start straight into game.  Good luck
76561198030531538,Not Recommended,225540,29987966,Posted: 17 February,all,Dream Crusher,Second time buying this game and second time requesting a refund. It crashes during loading screens and even worse it does not save upon exiting. Thought the bugs would have been fixed by now but I guess not. Avoid it.
,Recommended,225540,26743006,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,mfikri013,"It's working really fine for me, runs at almost 60 fps constant, 1080p, graphics set to very high (except shadows quality). Really fun if you like to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up.my specsi5 6400GTX 10608GB RAM"
,Recommended,225540,19610310,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Havok16,"This game was fun, there is absolutely no doubt about that. It gives you the ability to cause pure chaos at your whim, using machine guns, sweet revolvers, a portable nuke launcher, a multiple rocket launcher, tanks, helicopters, jets, bombers, it's all there.Take out military bases, liberate oppressed cities - all the real meat of the game. Watch dodgy voiced cutscenes as you play somewhat simple and not as fun story missions.I just completed it at 40 hours with full 100% liberation. Fairly surprised, I'm sure Just Cause 2 was longer. Just Cause 2 also had mildly better story missions, working with three different factions which really gave it a little more worth. In JC3 it is one line of story missions, very simple (one is glitchy forcing you to restart the game), and very short mostly.  The end boss is a let down, and it feels like they jumped the shark with the missile riding ending to Just Cause 2, even including what felt like a sub par homage to it early in Just Cause 2.Would I reccomend this game? Hard to say. I loved the mayhem, the laid back of it, it's a great game to chill with, blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up, watch movies tv or youtube. Not one you need to give your total attention. I would reccomend it, it is good, but maybe not full price.There is a season pass so I can only hope it adds some extended life to it."
,Recommended,225540,33979377,Posted: 2 August,all,Kowai,"Pretty fun game if one were to overlook all the issues.* Crashes randomly* Have constant connection issues, trying to reconnect to online play (scoreboard only). 10/10 annoying when you cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥during the reconnection. Clicking ""play offline"" when it loses connection wont do♥♥♥♥♥♥ It will try to reconnect all the time.* Bugs like its a bethesda game, vehicles dissapearing while you are driving it etc.* Vehicles are not as nice to drive around with, motorcycles are complete utter♥♥♥♥♥♥* Airplanes are completly overpowered, you can get a bomber plane and enemies cant shoot you down anymore. No enemy airplanes even with 5 stars wanted level. (An enemy bomber boms the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything, i know. Send helicopters!! more helicopters please, also tanks! lots of tanks! - Militia)* Some bugs that causes challanges to not being able to be completed normally.* Alt tab can crash the game, cant be minimized without issues.* Enemy boats has aimbot(pun intended). Can fire you down from miles away with 100% accuracy. No other enemy in the game can do this.* DLC weapons/vehicles can be unlocked early on making the game super easy. eDEN spark wrecks everything and has unlimited ammo. Boosted wingsuit makes travel by car/boat/airplane etc unnecessary.* Airbases that has special anti-you defence (missiles following you everywhere etc), can easily be avoided and the base taken over anyways. Kinda fun through.* Enemy missile helicopter aims crazy good if you are in a heli too.* Friendly rebels are completly useless.* Lock-on bug which makes some missions ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t hard. (homing missiles not homing anymore)* No way for tacticlal gameplay. You cannot take cover behind any small structures and look out too shoot then back.* End boss takes 20 seconds to complete.* Enemy/friendly AI is completly♥♥♥♥♥♥ they run into eachothers face and hope for the best.* Audio logs get interrupted if you get wanted level and also the subtitles are not synced to the voice.Discussable:* No penalty for murdering the population, i've probably killed more than the dictator near endgame and i'm treated like a hero. Killing friendly rebels have zero effect too.* Traffic rules are not broken even when an NPC has one of the faster cars.* Militia don't care me harrassing normal people right infront of them or even crashing their cars. They only act when i kill them.* Driving 350 km/h on a normal road also seems fine.* Rebels dont mind anything and will never shoot back. All for the revolution!* Only melee you can do is push, no punching.* No gore whatsoever, bodies made of titanium in this game.Recommending it since its quite fun to play.All in all, its GTA with spiderman/batman in it. Only get it while on sale."
,Recommended,225540,19416050,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,∞³,Best. Game. EVER! Well at least in my opinion. It runs well enough on my rig wich still has a freakin pentium g as it's processor.
,Recommended,225540,20908057,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Kidamo,"This game was a bit like the Star Wars prequels for me. I went to the midnight screenings of all 3 movies, hyped to the hilt with Star Wars fever, ready to love it as much as I loved the original trilogy when I first discovered that as a child back in the early 90s.Coming out of the theatre my initial impression was always a positive one. But on the drive home, away from the jedi cosplayers, away from the thunderous cheering when ""A long time ago etc"" first came onto the screen and the opening score kicked in, when I finally had time to myself to gather my thoughts, I started seeing flaws. At first a few minor things that annoyed me. Then a few more. Within about half an hour I was already starting to realise that it wasn't a good movie at all, that I'd just been caught up in nostalgia, no matter how much fun I had at the time. It made me a little sad the first time I realised just how badly those movies actually sucked (yes, even the third but if you like it that's cool :D ) though by the time the third one came around I had a healthy dose of skepticism to go with my hype so it wasn't as surprising. It even happened a bit with the new one. Hindsight can sometimes ruin what was a great initial experience.Anyway so Just Cause 3 is sort of like that.I LOVED JC2 when I got it. Loved loved loved it. It's one of my top 10 favourite games of all time. So you can imagine my hype coming into this one. I even got a new video card just to play this (and it's run smoothly the whole time thankfully so I can't comment on the performance issue stuff).It had fantastic gameplay combined with that B-movie/not taking itself seriously at all storyline that just made it entertaining as hell. I couldn't put it down and I still hop on from time to time to liberate a few more bases or towns.Really all JC3 needed to do to succeed in my eye was more of the same basically. And in some ways that's exactly what I got but in others it dropped the ball pretty badly. I guess I should just list the pros and cons for ease.PROSIt's more Just Cause. All the liberation and explosions you've come to expect.Speaking of explosions, they look sensational. Michael Bay eat your heart out.The wingsuit is a fantastic additionThe new grappling system is great. Being able to tether multiple stuff is really neat.The storyline has some of that B-grade humourous feel of JC2. Some at least.Bringing up the map to find those last few things to blow up in a base/town! That could be so annoying in JC2. Liked that this feature existed although most objects were fairly easy to find so I didn't need it too often but it was handy on those massive bases when I only needed 1 or 2 more things.CONSThis one might be a bit spoilery so I'll hide it.Medici itself. It just lacks the density of Panau. This is maybe a good and bad thing. Panau can sometimes be a bit ridiculous with just how many places there are to liberate etc. but it's really noticeable how sparse Medici can feel at times. Especially the final (and biggest) island. I know the storyline explains why it is this way (if you collect the Di Ravello tapes anyway) but it still sucks. I couldn't believe how little there was to do when I finally reached that island. Was a big let down.The story. It's sort of tried to recapture what JC2 had but it just sort of fails this time. None of the characters are particularly likeable, not even in a so-bad-it's-good way like Bolo Santosi and Baby Panay were. The cutscenes were all kind of bad really. I didn't mind Mario I guess.Maybe spoilery again.Trying to out-do the last game. It just didn't work. ""Oh you rode a missile toward the end of the last game? Well you get to ride one right near the START of this one!!!"" Ugh. I know partially the problem is the first one was sometimes mind blowing with some of the crazy stuff you ended up doing so it's hard to top that now but it felt like they barely tried. Oh and the very last final showdown is just pathetic. Disappointing.Last lot of spoilers I swear!The final two missions for each act are basically exactly the same. Seriously? Laaaame.The parachute didn't control as nicely this time but this is super minor as the wingsuit sort of makes that gripe a non-issue.The vehicles. They just didn't feel like they controlled as well this time around. Motorbikes were especially bad. I tried using them with mouse + keyboard and controller and neither really felt that great.The challenges. I didn't mind the challenges themselves. It's nice having more things to do and I would sometimes do the ones in JC2 if I happened to be near one. The fact that all of your upgrades are locked behind them is the real problem. I know the collectible system in JC2 was a little clunky as well but yeah, forcing you to do challenges to upgrade everything is stupid.The Di Ravello tapes. I like collecting stuff and did all of that in this game but it sucks that a lot of the back story behind him and why Rico hates him so much etc. you can only find out if you collect these. I guess this sort of tacks on to my storyline gripe. I wasn't after some amazing story but I still feel like they could have done way more with what they had.The online stuff can be a bit annoying sometimes. Always online DRM is never a great solution. The leaderboard stuff is a bit annoying too. I switched it to friends only which is far better but you still get bombarded with a bunch of strangers who beat your whatever score every time you log on.That's all I can think of off the top of my head. Don't get me wrong, I had a blast and I still recommend it and am looking forward to the upcoming DLC but every time I take a step back and think about my time playing it, I seem to only see mostly negatives.So yeah if you loved JC2 then you should still like this, just don't expect to have your mind blown this time around. If you never played JC2 and you like the sound of basically being a superhero blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up then you should like this as well. Just try not to think about it too much :)"
,Not Recommended,225540,20887625,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,AutumnalDream,"Not worth my time or money. Incredibly reptitive and very short story. In reality I only spent maybe 20 hours. This game has been released for 2 whole months, and there are still quite a few game breaking bugs."
,Recommended,225540,19642598,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ManiacWong,JUST BLOW THEM UP
,Not Recommended,225540,28550186,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Gunslinger,"Game has issues and the devs are not working to correct anything.I cant use SMA_T2X because it makes everything super blurry. Cant use a Xbox One controller becuase it will ♥♥♥♥ up your ram and crash your game/pc. I have 16gbs of ram and when I play this game im using 9gb plug in a controller it hits 15+ til crash.Before someone says its my pc, no its the only game that does it.i5 @ 4.4ghz samsung 850 pro GTX 1080 FTW 16gb ram :( seriously makes me sad this game looked so fun."
,Not Recommended,225540,28536987,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,potat.OS,This game is simply not optimized for lower end graphic cards. It was many bugs and more over the storyline is just plain ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and dry as my lips in winter.
,Recommended,225540,23726341,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,FOG,JUST CAUSE I LIKE IT
76561198073390955,Recommended,225540,19416104,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Styro,good
76561198068452255,Recommended,225540,19418029,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,eduzeira,Jogo bom demais só conseguir mais umas 8 gb de ram que é GG
76561198002763237,Recommended,225540,20011749,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Xebrus,"TL;DR: Just Cause 3 is everything Just Cause 2 was and more, making it an excellent blast-the-crap-out-of-everything simulator. But it's a single player game, Squenix, stop trying to make me care about other players.Gameplay-wise, Just Cause 3 is a great game. It improves on everything from its predecessor -- the grappling mechanics, the way you carry guns, the methods and mechanics of traveling from place to place, the flashy explosions that are simple to engineer and extremely satisfying to watch, the involvement with NPCs beyond being obstacles filled with red food coloring that you have to dodge during a high speed chase, the voice acting (though, given bo-LO san-to-SEEEEE from JC2, that's not really an enormous feat). This is everything a sequel should be, and it is riotous, chaotic, overwhelming non-stop fun.Gameplay-wise, that is. Interface-wise it's a bit of a different story.Square Enix has decided that everyone playing their game should interact with everyone else in some way or another. In a single player game, this is not necessarily what is best for your entertainment. Suffice it to say that the helpful little messages popping up on the right side of my screen to inform me that someone I've never heard of -- and thus have no reason to care anything about -- has beaten my statistic in something that is completely irrelevant to my enjoyment of the game... is not what I came to Just Cause 3 for.I'm not in it for the ""spirit of competition"", I came here to make expensive things explode. And if Square Enix thinks that I have a desire to wingsuit-fly around for a solid six minutes to make it to the top of some inconsequential leaderboard (did I mention that being the ""best"" at one of these statistics yields no in-game benefit whatsoever?), they have no idea what people like about their own game.Oh, and did I also mention that there's no way to turn those messages off?At time of writing, the Square Enix servers are down, so the game couldn't connect to them. Not for lack of trying, though. Every time I'd pop open the map to see where I was and where I was trying to go, the game would completely shatter the flow by spending an egregious sixty seconds trying to connect to the online servers so it could continue to tell me that someone else had spent more consecutive seconds rolling down the side of a mountain than I did. Those messages I could ignore; having to sit and wait and do nothing but grow resentful of Square Enix's design decisions for a solid minute every ten minutes, I could not.A very simple ""offline mode"" switch would fix all of these problems. I just want to have my self-indulgent destructive mayhem fun in peace, Square Enix. Stop letting other players barge in on me having a good time.But you can bet your♥♥♥♥♥that as soon as there's a Just Cause 3 multiplayer mod I'll be on that like you wouldn't believe."
,Recommended,225540,20024289,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Cevius<(@)>,"Pros:- Visually and asthetically superior to JC2, the world was vibrant and beautiful- Same old fun gameplay- Wingsuit really opens up movement around the world, even more so than previous games- Less general bugs than JC2 hadCons:- Had to put the game on my SSD to counter loading bugs, where the game would freeze. Did this less on later in my playthrough so perhaps that was fixed- Bugs that the game did have were severe, relating to the load times, sound playable, alt tabbing. Keeping the menu open too long caused audio to start to glitch out and freeze, which could only be fixed by disabling fullscreen mode, alt tabbing out, alt tabbing back in and reactivating fullscreen- Shorter than JC2- Lacklustre finale compared to JC2- Finding/freeing all settlements appears to have no reward, making the action of doing so beyond the story unsatisfying.Recommendation: Still good, worth playing. If you've played JC2 it won't be a great divergance from the formulae. Wait for it to be on sale."
,Recommended,225540,20016782,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,brando9g,"Just Cause 3 was so much better than I expected. I loved Just Cause 2 and had always gone back to playing it to goof around in and I'll definitely do it in this. I played Just Cause 2 right before playing Just Cause 3 to get a good comparison and the gameplay still feels simular but with so much more. I don't every preorder games anymore, but took the risk on this game and it was definitely worth it. But between Just Cause 2 and Just Cause 3, Rico and Tom Sheldon are the only reoccuring characters. The story and dialogue is better than Just Cause 2, but it isn't greatly story driven. Also when it comes to boss's and commanders, Just Cause 2's are tougher, though Just Cause 3 has tougher enemies. Another thing I noticed is that when it came to weapon choice, I prefered Using twin pistols in Just Cause 2 so that I could get a bunch of headshots in, but in Just Cause 3 I almost purely used a burst assault rifle.There's a lot you can do in Just Cause 3, especially being able to have multiple grapples, being able to pull them together, having explosives that can upgrade to have jet propulsion, and much more. I abused the grapple so much for destroying things along with goofing around. It's a lot of fun grappling random vehicles and pulling them together and seeing what can happen along with occasional glitches that absolutely launch them. The wingsuit is a bit difficult to get used to, but is really awesome once you do (Watch out for trees though). When it comes to graphics, the game is absolutely gorgeous. The models and textures are absolutely amazing, and I personally think it looks as good, if not better than GTA 5 at max settings. I heard some people complain about the explosions not looking too great, but going from Just Cause 2 to Just Cause 3, it was a huge WHOA in difference. The only disappointing explosion I had the entire game was a story mission of dropping a ""huge"" bomb into the water.Some changes that I would prefer is to be allowed to zoom in and aim right away instead of unlocking it along with being able to do some sort of multiplayer besides having a ghost doing challenges. I also wish that it got a bit more ridiculous like Just Cause 2, such as the story mission where you have to take down the 3 bosses atop the Three Kings Hotel. It would also be nice for shotguns to get more ammo. I used to use the shotgun a lot in Just Cause 2, and I'd run out pretty quickly. The dual wielding shotguns are awesome, but you run out really quickly and there's no other ammo lying around anywhere.Overall, Just Cause 3 is definitely one of my favorite games of all time. Just Cause 2 was one of my all time favorites, but this sequel greatly improves upon everything it needed."
,Recommended,225540,28947431,Posted: 2 January,all,Dipsi-Diptags,"This is an outstanding game, Open World system are amazing, this is the best 3rd person shooting + open world that I have played so far..... just more alike GTA, you can ride car, boat, helicopter, bike, and plane.... and also you can swim to sea to see deep sea creatures LOL xD. Good improvement, good environment... and also there are sub missions that useful to upgrade your assets.But.. the dissapointing part on this game is... this game has not-so-good ending I think....and also somewhat horrible keyboard mapping to drive a plane (not a helicopter), but better than JC 2 that almost impossible to drive plane properlyI don't know why I didn't had a shuttering like most people said, It runs fine with me with average 30-45 fps.. (Don't take it seriously, I am a noob at his xD )But, I would like to warn you before buy & play this game, it's suggested to provide your PC more RAM since many people experiencing some memory lacking9/10 would recommend this game to the others9.9/10 A Badass game.. BOOM BOOM BOOM EXPLOTIONS !!"
,Recommended,225540,19862650,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Viequespr,"Just Cause 3 is a large improvement over jc2 in many areas, but in others it falls flat:Improvements/Pros:-Waaaayy better graphics but you need a pretty good rig to run with high settings-Smarter AI/more diversity in AI which makes it more ""immersive"" if that's even a thing here-Better balance of story and freedom-More diverse weapons/vehicles-Good story (so far)-Less awkward parachute movement and slightly better camera-The grapple is easier to use-Idk what this is called but the map saves so if you leave a car in one spot and then go to the other side of the map and come back it will be there.Deductions/Cons:-The driving is even worse if thats possible-The fighting mechanics are bad: you run around in the open and just get shot, there's no strategy or thought other than mindless clicking-Parachute is slightly slower and the wingsuit is fairly useless most of the time.-You can't run anymore just jog and then walk with ctrl-Explosions are exaggerated/unrealistic; if you bump the car next to you into a small rock it will explode... for some this is a pro I guess-Generally hard to get around: parachute is a little slow and not much access to high speed vehicles.Overall it's a good game despite some seriousl flaws. I'd give it an 8.5/10 only becuase of the major issues."
76561198035129237,Recommended,225540,19945110,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,John,"Turn anything you can think of into a lethal weapon with a grappling hook anchor and winch function. The more creative you can get, the better."
,Recommended,225540,19981424,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MagNutZ,"Love it!Runs flawlessly on my computer 1080p @ 60fps with all settings on max (motion blur turned off)Sometimes get a few issues with lighting, the light on walls flicker sometimes at certain angles, but does not happen often enough for me to care that much.Now excuse me while I go BLOW SOME♥♥♥♥♥♥UP!"
,Not Recommended,225540,20064264,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Slite,"Lets beginPro's-Good Graphics-fun gameplay-BIG BOOMCon's-No multiplayer (knew this going in,still feel like its a missed opportunity-Poor Optimization-Terrible story-Poor Optimization-No mulitplayer-Poor OptimizationDid i mention Poor Optimization and no multiplayer?Oh i did ok review overThis will become a positive review if they optimize their game!"
76561198095488062,Not Recommended,225540,19418800,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Apex,"I can't recommend this game unless the issues get patched.By far the most annoying thing is fullscreen if you have multiple monitors, when playing the game if you turn left of right the mouse moves onto a different monitor and if you press any button on the mouse the game will minimize immediatly.Also I can't sprint or aim down sights, Maybe I don't know which button it is but so far they dont seem to be in the game."
76561197967334330,Recommended,225540,19431477,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Blue,"Spent 10 hours messing around clearing villages and outposts, still havent played any story missions, still havent gone to the massive island.Game is 10/10 Fun as hell !"
,Recommended,225540,28125771,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Gunship Mark II,"This is my second review, first one, 2015 budget pc salt edition is here :(http://pastebin.com/ATqLf79t)***If you want to hear something else, but performance report, here's an amazing review byGondamar:http://steamcommunity.com/id/gondamar/recommended/225540/***TL;DR version :If you liked previous 2 games, own a decent gaming build, then buy XL version of this if it's on sale. You can try to get this game if you have less powerful rig, but only at your own risk and ability to refund it if any problems arise. Here's my ""recomended specs"" :( i5-i7 4th gen and up ) ,Over 8gb of ram ( 12-16 ),Decent gpu ( with over 2gb of vram ).If it still runs bad ( that is uncommon, but possible ) : refund it.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=810184859Full :Welp, this game came a long way since it's release, not a performace wise mind you, but with amount of content and a cool stuff you get from XL edition. New storylines, new guns, new vehicles, new missions, new islands, jetpack, it's all good fun, especially if you get it on sale ( which i do recommend ).While it's all well and good, this game runs abysmal on budgets gaming systems ( and sometimes on real gaming pc's ). It took me a substantial upgrade to finally and truly enjoy this game. I had this game on day one ( and then got a refund ), and apart from initial graphical glitches it ran absolutely horrible, stuttered every 2 seconds, slowed down time, skipped frames.My old sytem was :AMD Athlon x4 860k @3.8Ghzr9 380 2gb8gb of DDR3 Ram at 1866Mhz.Whatever system specs page says is a bull, you cannot run this game smoothly at 8gb of ram. After relatively short amount of time game will get well over 8gb of ram, for me it's ~9.1gb of ram ( with nothing but steam running on background ) after 10 minutes of play. Here's some data from MSI Afterburner ( RivaTuner ) :http://i.imgur.com/r3SNr1b.jpgYou can see that game chews up almost 9gb of ram after just a few minutes of playtime, and it will get worse, ~10gb after few hours if you travel a lot. Not only that, but CPU load is 100% on all 4 cores at relatively empty area with nothing going on.Same goes for VRAM, i've tested this game on my old r9 380, it plays well, but again, after some time game will chew up more than 2gb of vram even at 768p.Next one is CPU requirement. This game is brutal when it comes to CPU, i own no game that loads up CPU to 100% at most of the times ( even gta 5 doesn't do that ), except Cities : Skylines, which is a huge city simulator. But i can see why that is. There's a lot of going on in this game, a lot of realtime physics simulations, AI, huge detailed explosions and other particle effects, physics based destruction, all of that is really hard to pull off. So make sure you have decent CPU to handle it all. I might suggest that my CPU ( i5 4570s ) might be a little bit too weak in super complex exploding action situations, consider it as a minimum when you pick up this game.As for GPU, well, it's hard to tell, just make sure you have something decent and have over 2gb of vram, it doesn't matter AMD or Nvidia, though Nvidia cards run this game better.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=810183677Oh, yeah, game is very fun too, if you liked previous game you'll like this one too quite a bit. Even though unlocking upgrades system will drive you mad at first.Hope this helped, if you ever pick this game up, then have fun c:***If you want to hear something else, but performance report, here's an amazing review byGondamar:http://steamcommunity.com/id/gondamar/recommended/225540/***http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=811858986"
76561198083990477,Not Recommended,225540,24972423,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,fenglingran,"So I have a i7-6700K and a GTX980ti, but for some reason I can't even play this game on medium settings, it just constantly drops to 10 fps from 60"
76561198064107631,Not Recommended,225540,22755586,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,KnucklesDS,"Don't pay full price for this game!  Get it when it's under 20 bucks in a year on sale.  It's not worth it and I feel riped off because it doesn't seem finished.  Here's some examples...1. There's been a error since it came out (#38) that's only fix comes from a 3rd party app that you need to use to lower your GPU speed if you went out and bought one of the best cards on the market.2. It's borring after the 1st few hours of playing because it's just the same thing over and over.  Take over this town by blowing up fuel tanks, radar dishes, billboards ect... Go to the next town blow up the same things.  There's like 3 different models of towns that are repeated accross the entire map.3. If you love load times then you'll love this game.  Load times for cut scenes and load times inbetween the scenes in cut scenes... and then load time to get out of the cut scene.  Even if you have a blazing fast box they take forever.4. The driving/flying in this game is terrible...  When you have games like GTA out there that have done a great job for years and then compare it to this games driving mechanics it's like going back to 1996.  Heck even the old school Carmageddon had better driving mechanics.  Hit a tiny bump and you totally lose control especially on bikes.  Watch out for the pebbles in races because you'll have to restart and deal with more load times.5. The targeting in this game if you use a controler is terrible.  I don't get why they didn't give you an option for assisted targeting like GTA.  Just pure laziness...6. What's the deal with having to sit there forever when you load the game to watch a oil rig blow up before the game connects to the internet to load the game?  Really no option to bypass this?  I bought a SSD so I wouldn't have long load times and they decided to have this large pause so you feel like your computers 10 years old.7. The whole game just seems like they just didn't care at all... Other than the graphics and effects which are top notch the rest has VERY little thought process or planning.   The story is just borring and seems just thrown together.  This is my biggest dissapointment compared the last versions.  Where's the cool quests like in JC2?8. What the heck is with the lighting flickers... Everywhere you go you'll see popping and flashing on walls, rocks, buildings ect ect.  Just horrible and ruins any enjoyment of looking at the amazing looking world.9. The DLC content that SHOULD'VE been included with your purchase.  One of the coolest things from Just Cause 2 was the skybar... Well they make you pay for that now.  Just a kick in the teeth IMHO.  Just because of that I'll never buy another JC title again.  If you want to charge for a cool wingsuite or a crazy jet... even different outfits then fine but for content that was included in past releases is stupid.Bottom line the graphics are amazing... Other than that the rest of the game deserves a grade of F.  That really ticks me off because the Just Cause series was my favorite up till now."
,Recommended,225540,19985425,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Quarrel,"Fun, exciting, and easy to play. If you like fast action and stuff blowing up I recomend it!!"
,Recommended,225540,19645081,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Casarix,"This game is absolute nonsense, in the absolute best way possible. Moving around is a joy, blowing things up is a joy, tethering helicopters together is a joy, dumping an F1 car out the back of a cargo plane in midlight is a joy too."
76561198052374616,Recommended,225540,19415973,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Kaerwyn,"So far aside from the bugs, playing the game is enjoyable. But there are some graphical problems that need to be fixed ASAP.I am running the game with all settings at ultra without motion blur and AA at 2560x1440 with a gtx 770 4gb and an i5 4670. Getting about 35 fps all around, which im relatively happy with. I do feel that it could be better.My main complaint is that the game resets my monitor calibration profile (ICC profile), If anyone knows how to fix this please enlighten me. An uncalibrated monitor sucks."
,Recommended,225540,33825670,Posted: 26 July,all,NExus,"In terms of creativity this is a very successful sequel and a loving continuation of the Just Cause series. This game is totally gorgeous, fun and loaded with cool content. It’s just such a shame though, that there are some serious problems with the performance. The outstanding quality of the design work, makes it shocking, that it could have been released in such a poorly optimised state. As so much love and consideration seem to have gone into making it something special. However, it appears to be yet another example, of the economic side of things pushing the release date forward. Resulting in an incredible game with mediocre performance at best. The pricing and distribution of the DLC content also represents some shady business practises. Although again, from a design stand-point, this additional content is fantastic stuff.Following some tweaks which included making some changes in Windows 10. I managed to get it running, just well enough, to be able to enjoy myself. However I am still experiencing crashes, stuttering and poor framerate. I’m running it on a GTX 980, an AMD FX 8350 and 8 Gigs of RAM. Apparently it’s the RAM that’s the main problem, as there is a warning every time I start up the game, stating that my system memory is low. Typically however, my 8 Gigs of system RAM, is totally fine for gaming in 2016. Especially since I spent over 700 Euro to get a GTX 980 with 4 Gigs of VRAM.Basically, Just Cause 3 runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and you’ll need a powerful rig to get it running even moderately well. I have read online that if you have 16 Gigs or more of system RAM, it helps a lot but that is not normal. I get how people are angry about the performance problems but this game still deserves a lot of praise. I’m going to recommend it because it is an example of how amazing videogames can be in 2016. Even though, the corporate money making side of the industry, seem to be determined to ruin things with short term thinking. If you have a decent PC, you can probably still get it running well enough to appreciate how incredible it is.Edit: I got some feedback in the comments and it seems like some people might also get 'okay' performance, on low to medium end PC'S, with low settings. This seems to be a bit random though, so maybe you should do some research before you buy.I said in the comments below, that 'okay' performance for me would be something like 45-60 FPS with occasional crashes and stuttering. This shouldn't really be acceptable with my GTX 980 but I still think the game is worth playing.Anyway, just know that you are gonna be compromising on performance, one way or another. It also seems to be a bit more of a gamble when you are using a lower end rig.Fantastic game. I would recommend to anybody who likes a lot of explosions and challenges."
76561198043238773,Not Recommended,225540,34361995,Posted: 19 August,all,lutter89,Memory leak!
,Not Recommended,225540,19444798,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Leviathan,"I would not recomend this game IN ITS CURRENT STATE. When it works the game is one of the best of the year with amazing visuals, awe-inspiring physics and fun gameplay but the issue is it rarely works. There are major performance issues. Stuttering and frame-drops are extreamly common even on lowest settings (and I have a decently powerful gaming PC). AMD seems to have been hit a lot worse than Nvidia and even with the beta drivers the game is still unplayable or extreamly laggy. As soon as these issues are fixed I can whole-heartedly recomend the game but in its current state it really isn't worth the hassle."
,Not Recommended,225540,28367643,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Stalker1o2,Just Cause 3 = Connection to Online Server Lost
,Not Recommended,225540,20180901,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Conrod 🅱️rewis,Destruction is fun but the AI were literally blind and would walk into me and not detect me. Also came across many bugs to do with offset mouse cursor forcing me to restart the game several times.
76561198124413081,Not Recommended,225540,28387049,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Grillbot J,"It's very boring, requeres 16 GB of RAM, not 8 GB, so there were some performance issues because I wanted to play with the V-Sync on, I couldn't, this game without V-Sync is terrible. Ragdolls and physics did improve, destroyed things disappear in front of your eyes in just few seconds..... Ok, so overall, the game isn't that fun, the performance is terrible if you have 8 GB of RAM, well, It's not worth 50$ that's for sure, I did refund the game."
76561198140717699,Not Recommended,225540,19679858,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,charmedwaste32,"The game was clearly rushed, because of all the bugs"
76561197997710251,Not Recommended,225540,28548532,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Xaule,"Just Cause 2 - 147 hours, finished, Just Cause 3 - 32 hours, probably won't finish.  Big big letdown at full price preordered.  Well, that will teach me to wait.  I won't repeat the issues, they have already been said.  Don't recommend."
76561198092819016,Recommended,225540,19402905,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pug,needs alot of glitches fixed. the ground dosent load in properly. but when this ggets fixed great game
76561198096447892,Recommended,225540,29079022,Posted: 6 January,all,Rasta,Just Cause 3 Multiplayer has been released in a BETA state by community modders! Go check it out:https://just-cause.mp
76561198054382860,Not Recommended,225540,20799273,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,mo21nk,lagging so so much.
,Not Recommended,225540,23630392,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Jai 若伊,"Just Cause 2 was one of my favourite games, so I was so disappointed by this. It's buggy as hell, the missions are boring and have difficulty spikes, and the new world is just not fun to explore and is the same all over. I was hoping this would be great with the added grappling hook abilities and wingsuit but I was thoroughly disappointed"
76561198016642879,Not Recommended,225540,31709203,Posted: 12 May,all,geraldhoarau974,"I liked the physics and the wing suit in the game.I disliked the landscape (I prefered the gaming level of JC2), the scenario, the voices are horrible(a real pain), the music. Well, the environment style is not good, it's very personnal, so maybe other people will like it.It's not a bad game, but personaly, I couldn't finish it because it's too repetitive and I don't enjoy the environment. I hope they will go back to the tropical Island for the next game."
76561198095032574,Not Recommended,225540,32742646,Posted: 24 June,all,Meme Withdrawals,12 minutes. It took 12 minutes to crash
,Not Recommended,225540,20038851,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Gonan,"First things first, The main tagline of this game, the over 1000 km of map is a down side. This game is 5% pure awesomeness when  you are acually playing and 95% running around doing jack all.I have also heard about graphical and optimization problems but I had non running the game on an gtx 550 gpu.The story is very bland and not enjoyable. The charecters are just blantned stereotypes which go no deeper than just being that, stereoptypes.The wing-suit is fun but it is very hard to use, especially with no upgrades, making the other main draw of the game much less apealing."
76561198074875271,Not Recommended,225540,20039768,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SuckleMeBungels,Broken just broken
,Not Recommended,225540,20057531,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,oof,"I went in and I swear to hell I thought I was looking at a screenshot, but it was supposedly a cutscene...So per consistence with everyone else, I have to admit I was very disappointed with how awfully the game ran."
76561198272986811,Not Recommended,225540,20096272,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,mdale,can't even use. keeps crashing just after load
76561197965442313,Not Recommended,225540,19708689,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,cableguy1,"38 hours in and it ate my save file.  No Steam backup support.  Runs great, but only because I have a 980 Ti.  Game is fun, but the tech issues really suck."
,Not Recommended,225540,20095848,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Furkle,If you've never played any of the Just Cause series probably a great leaping off point as any however doesn't really offer any real departure from the previous apart from improved graphics and the new wingsuit and grapple abilities. They're certainly fun mechanics but the novelty does wear off after a while. If the game ever comes up for sale for less than $30 definitely worth a purchase. Otherwise I'd hold off.
,Recommended,225540,28630539,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Johnny Bravo[DegradSquad],"если будете покупать игру- обязательно купите первое DLC c реактивным рацнем. Такого дикого восторга и улыбки до ушей я давно от игр не испытывал. Можно летать ВООБЩЕ не приземляясь! Лавируешь на дикой скорости между ракетами, пулями, зданиями, вокруг все взрывается, ветер в ушах. Я честно говоря даже не знаю, как это можно было бы исполнить еще идеальнее. Это просто полный улет, 10/10а, ну всё остальное в игре тоже норм"
,Not Recommended,225540,28361222,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Synit,"Game has massive performance problems, memory leaks and crashes. Developers have done nothing to fix it for over a year. Do not buy it untill it is fixed."
,Recommended,225540,19624645,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Anthonyrules144,"one of the MOST ENTERTAINING free roam games you'll ever see from 2015, I love this game with my soul, it's so much fun and get's you into it really quickly.The wingsuit is amazing, I've actually never seen anything like it, it's so nice to fly close to the ground and just think about how cool the world looks.The entire game is just beauitful. I HAVE to hand it to the devs of this game, you did an AMAZING job on the style of the world and really made the wingsuit and capturing bases just work, it's so well done.The story... The story, the story, the story -- I personally really enjoyed the story, it had a great feel of ""you need to do this so you better do it quick"" kind of feel, like you need to do it all before you do anything else. Like I will capture the base before I do the missions, it's just such a weird feeling but captures the moment so well at the same time.I would rate this game 10/10 by far."
76561198102960384,Not Recommended,225540,33796034,Posted: 25 July,all,BrownDwarfsCantMeltSteelBeams,"At first I thought that I was one of the lucky ones that the game ran really well for. All that changed seemingly as soon as the game ticked past the 2 hour ""no more refunding"" mark. Now it runs like garbage at a max 30fps regardless of settings.I got bamboozled.CPU: i5-7600KGPU: R9 280X"
,Not Recommended,225540,19571003,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Redoholic,"If you're the type of person that  hates reading long things, then I'll sum up what I'm going to write here: This game is a fantastic game, but it has too much stability issues at the moment for me to give it a good review.Now for the long part,Just Cause 3 is a game where you can just destruct anything, and I'm sure there's no gamer in this world that never said: ""That thing, I want to destroy it, but I can't"". This game lets you destroy about 85 to 90 precent of anything you see in the game, including trees (Take that, GTA!) You're set off in 3 main islands and one island I still didn't figure out what it is, and your goal is to annihilate every existance of the dictator Di Ravello and his military, and you have unlimited fun ways to do so.The AI is fairly decent, it's not the type of AI you see in games like Metal Gear Solid V, where they go on alert for every small thing, cause of course, this isn't a stealth game. The AI isn't impossible and it's not too easy, and 95 precent of the time it works fantastic (I ran into a couple of really small bugs with the AI like them going in circles and walking straight into walls, but that's not a big deal).Weapons are just perfect, there's not THAT much of variety, but trust me, you'll have a lot of fun with what you have and there's a weapon for every approach to this game. If you're the spraying type, you have an LMG, dual wielded SMGs with an insane rate of fire and pretty neat rocket launcers and other exsplosive weapons, and if you're the sharpshooter type you have two sniper rifles and a very powerful dual wileded pistol that can take heavy armored foes with 4 shots.Most vehicles are pretty good, choppers have really good controls in my opinion, plane controls are a little bit annoying when you're new to it but you slowly get used to it, but land vehicles are hard to control and their handling and physics is pretty odd. I found myself driving a car while free roaming or while doing a race challenge and it would bump on something and start rolling, even if the road is completely flat. Also, as you've read, the game has challnges that give you ""Gears"" to unlock ""Gear Mods"" that give you new stuff like more grenades and more ammo, but in some challenges it just seems like you can't even get a 4 gear result (max is 5), and in my opinion it should be possible to get a maximum of 5 on every challenge, but even with hours of practice I couldn't even pull a 3 gear result on some of the challngesBut the biggest issue I had is stability, and I'm not the only one to say so.Before you say: ""Then maybe your PC can't handle it"", I can run GTA V on Very High and get 60 FPS (45 in mountain areas) so I should have been able to handle Just Cause 3 pretty fine, but even on the lowest settings I couldn't even get to 40 FPS. I got the latest drivers, tried to verify game cache and even reinstall the game but I just can't seem to solve this issue. The game is just reaching the point where it's unplayable when you play with 19 FPS and have freezes every 10 to 20 seconds.So to sum it up, this is by far one of the best games I have ever played and I loved every second of it, that is, every second I didn't have lags. I really want to give this game a recommended review but the current state of the game and all the stability issues just stop me from doing so. When the stability issues will be fixed on the patch the first thing I'll do is change this review to recommended.Final Verdict: 7/10, 10/10 without the stability issues"
,Recommended,225540,19693353,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Shoryuken™,Run smooth 60fps on my gtx 970 and i7 4790.This game crashes sometime.I hope there will be a patch to fix this problem.Fun and decent game.
,Not Recommended,225540,28542671,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Pineapple King,"I loved Just Cause 2. Despite being shallow I could get behind the explosive creativity the game supplied. From what I played this one seemed to be the same, only with more gadgets, more explosions and more parachutes.My problem with it was it constantly crashed, about onve every half hour. I could only play past so many crashes until I had to refund it."
76561198061053278,Not Recommended,225540,29987619,Posted: 17 February,all,Pepsi,"A downgrade from Just Cause 2, took multiple tries just to launch the game only to get errors with SquareEnix Servers once launched."
,Not Recommended,225540,19445123,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,"D+F2, fF2, 3, 1, 2, 3, fF1+4, F3",Internet Explorer runs faster than this game.
76561198114012657,Recommended,225540,19442283,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Aurummorituri,"Alright. I write this after the Nvidia driver was installed that was released when the game was supposed to be. Day one it was an unplayable stuttering mess of tearing and artifacts that was Batman: Arkham Knight look good. Now it actually loads up and I can give my review.Pros:+Massive map: This map is big. VERY big. Makes  GTA V look small.+Dense map: This map is littered with collectibles and outposts in between town for you to explore...or destroy.+Blow sh!t up: Need I say more? You have UNLIMITED Bavarium C4 and plenty of rockets, grenades and powerful guns at your disposal. One special weapon shoots a homing laser that calls in an AIRSTRIKE. All the cool stuff from Mercenaries 2. Of course, you can just use volatile environmental objects to blow up other objects just as well.+Tether and Physics: You have a grapple gun that can chain together and reel in objects for just about anything. Sling an enemy onto a wall, pull a car off a cliff, launch an explosive barrel into a more explosive fuel tank, etc. Physics are a bit loose in this game, but that is needed to pull off some of the terrific chain explosions that make this game what it is. Gravity always seems to be at Moon level just when you need it.+Graphics: This game does look pretty at max settings. Textures are usually solid and water is realistic.-Explosions: Best looking explosions of any game, ever.+Wingsuit: Defy a bit of gravity and pretend to be superman. You can even use your grapple while flying to keep pulling yourself along without ever touching the ground. So much fun and way better than driving or flying a helicopter.Cons:-Game still can crash randomly without warning.-Some textures can ""pulse"" or flicker.-Game starts stuttering with gamepad input. Unplugging and replugging it fixes the problem...for a few minutes.-Game is far more intensive than necessary. Explosions and mayhem will tank the framerate on lesser machines. I occasionally drop below 60 fps with a 6700K and a 980ti. Bad. This is not Witcher 3.-Story is goofy and predictable, but a B movie parody may be what they were aiming for.-Cheesy voice acting.Overall, this game is a 8/10 from me. This is an explosive sandbox game that should be in your Library next to GTA V. Just be sure to look at the requirements to run this thing. At the time of this review it remains a glitchy resource hog that requires some serious hardware to max out. Hope you found this helpful. Time to go do ""something subtle""...."
76561198013105857,Recommended,225540,19417896,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Omega_Rao,"Pros:-The game runs great and looks great.-60-80 fps on less populated areas and about42-50 fps when there's explosions/chaos.-Doctor who is in the game.-Better(but still cheeesy) voice acting than in JC and JC2.Cons:-Terrible mouse input. Clicking on the map to set waypoint markers does nothing unless you use  a controller...-The vehicle handling is bad especially if you're using your keyboard and mouse.-pop ins.My specs: i7 4790K, 16.0GB RAM, GTX 970"
,Recommended,225540,19417180,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Most of China,"Absolutely fantastic. Looks amazing, runs amazing (i7 3770@3.4GHz, GTX770).If you like blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up, this is the game for you. If you like physics, this is the game for you.If you want to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up, just 'cause, this is the game for you."
76561197991924144,Not Recommended,225540,19448788,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Vanferior,"Just unplayable. When launching the game, I get this constant buzzing sound from my sound device. My video card is a GTX 660 and I can't even get 60 fps on the lowest settings.I had high hopes for JC3 :("
,Not Recommended,225540,19767380,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Kurwa Cat,"Edit: As of 22-Jun-16, they've released 2 expansions, but haven't fixed the random, game breaking stuttering.Edit[2]: As of 11-Aug-16, still unplayable on the ""Optimal"" settings suggested by the GEFORCE Experience. Extreme stuttering!It is a really difficult decision for me to make here, but the negatives out-weighed the positives when considering the game in itscurrent state.What I liked:If you liked JC2, you would most probably love JC3. It's almost the same game, but with improved visuals, a wingsuit and few tweaks to the grapple hook. Navigating around the world is much better now and with the beautiful landscapes, it never feels like a chore to move from one point to another. I never even found the necessity to even use fast travel!The new physics system is brilliant. Explosions and destruction are totally eye candy and one wouldn't get bored of them soon.What I disliked:The game-breaking stuttering issues! These stutters have stopped me from enjoying all the positive things I've mentioned above. The stuttering increased with the game runtime, so restarting the game would have sounded like a good work-around, but this game totally freezes my PC when I try to exit. I can either force log out/restart my PC or wait for 15 mins for the program to collect crash data for it to send and then finally close.The story is forgettable and the gameplay would get quite repetitive if you're not so keen on experimenting with the destruction.Vehicle handling is terrible and I very rarely found myself attempting to drive or navigate the map using them.I somehow feel the water to be a step down from JC2 where it looked really amazing.Verdict:If they fix the stuttering, this would be decent game and can potentially be a lot of fun, despite the other issues I've mentioned."
,Recommended,225540,19405944,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Infe,"Hey this is my review on Just Cause 3 so far!Pro's1. Amazing and beautiful graphics!2. Explosions.3. Amazing wingsuit, I love using this!4. Grappling hook is better and 'easier' to use.5. Parachute is easier to use.6. Map is insanely large, A LOT to explore!Con's1. Driving has been improved alot however there are some vehicles which handle like total♥♥♥♥♥♥Thats all the con's I have so far, only 2 hours gameplay but its really good!Rating it 9/10 so far!Thanks for reading my review! :)"
,Recommended,225540,27114289,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ReflexAlex,Sure it has some memory/performance issues.But this series continues to do what it does best:- Mindless FUN!!!- Mindless Chaos!- MIndless Story!All tied up nicely with some good old exaggerated EXPLOSIONS.Why?Just Cause...
76561198208082452,Not Recommended,225540,29302233,Posted: 16 January,all,Gold Plated Nutsack,"This is not a review of the gameplay, this is a report on the performance of the game on specified hardwareIt's been over a year and they still haven't made the game run any better.TLDR: On the specs listed directly below, you will experience at least 70 FPS on average on all graphics settings, but you will get A LOT of horrible micro stuttering.Specs: GTX 960 2GB, AMD FX 6300, 8 GB RAMI'm going to list off a few games I can run amazingly well on this rig:The Witcher 3: Wild HuntGrand Theft Auto VBattlefield 4Titanfall 2Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom PainFar Cry 4Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Siege(etc., etc.)My point is,the aformentioned hardware can run all of the above at a consistent 60 FPS (with the exception of The Witcher 3, which runs at an average 45 FPS, but I have that on Ultra graphics). Meaning it is not the hardware's fault that the game doesn't run, the game is just simply not optimized very well. Consider saving your money if you have hardware similar to mine.EDIT: I get it, people. My PC is♥♥♥♥♥♥And yes, I ♥♥♥♥ing despise my CPU lol. Just seems like I ought to be able to run it if I have everything set on ""LOW"", but that isn't the case.(Also, consider reading through the comments to make sure your ""Your rig sucks"" comment hasn't already been written for you.)"
,Recommended,225540,19405508,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Roquen,"This game is great! It's a true successor to Just Cause 2 with many improvements. Here are some highlights:-Graphics are amazing! They are just as good for today as the graphics were in Just Cause 2 for its time. It's not quite the Witcher 3 level of graphics, but very, very good!-Optimization: I'm getting a solid 60 FPS with absolutely no dips so far at 1200p and with maximum settings. Given, I am running a Titan X paired with a stock i7 4790K, so maybe it's not completely fair to say that. I'll try on my wife's computer with a GTX 770 for comparison soon and will update with the results from that.UPDATE: I installed on 2 more computers: 1 with a GTX 770 and one with a 750Ti. The 770 one gets 55 average FPS with very few dips at max settings. Adjusting a few settings yields 60 FPS with no drops and the graphics are still amazing. On the 750Ti at medium settings, I average 40 FPS with a few small dips here and there, but nothing major. So my conclusion based on MY findings is that it is optimized well. I can't explain why others are having issues, but I wish them well and hope they get everything fixed soon.-Mission Layout: This is a big improvement from Just Cause 2. The missions are spread out nicely and the pace is so much better. The raw production values within the missions are also great. They are very Michael Bay-ish, which is a good thing here!-Chaos & Destructable environments: This is what made Just Cause 2 so great for me, and Just Cause 3 does not disappoint! They kept everything 2 had, and made the physics and destruction itself even better! Blowing up a bridge with a convoy on it is SO satisfying and a joy to watch. I also knocked over a large ball thingy with gas in it and it rolled down a hill, caught fire, hit a road, banged into a car, blew up, made the car go flying into another car, which then also blew up, and then that explosion alerted some nearby enemies at a checkpoint and they proceeded to attack some rebels passing by (I guess they assumed the rebels did it since they didn't see me do it?). And that is all just within a few hours of gameplay. I can't wait to see that else will happen!-HUGE open world. The same size as 2 which is huge enough! Just Cause 3 has 1000 square kilometers to explore. And it's in that same beautiful tropical setting we all love (ecept the snowy parts in the mountains which are still damn beautiful!).-Shooting, ziplining, and parachuting are all streamlined and feel so much smoother than 2 did. Gliding is new and a joy to play around with!-Underwater is beautiful and fun to swim around in. Another big improvement.I'd say this is a solid 8.5/10, maybe 9/10 if the story shapes up to be very good."
,Not Recommended,225540,28856065,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Gomu GooNz,"''Meant to be played with a NVIDIA GeForce  GTX 970''Has a GTX 970The game is unplayable after updates, buggy with fps less than 10loading time take 3 weeksCan't play anymore, i want my money back♥♥♥♥ this game"
,Recommended,225540,19439551,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Glubbable~ ❥,"Liberated Medici in 22 hours, not exactly a good general now is he?"
76561198075794968,Not Recommended,225540,19758785,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Good Christian Boy,"After putting 30 hours into the game I was ready to give it a thumbs up. The mechanics were fine and I was having no performance issues (guess I was one of the lucky ones), but then something happened which has now prevented me from playing the game completely. When I was playing, for whatever reason my computer decided to reset (I was never able to figure out why). Then I launched the game back up only to find my save file was missing. 30 hours gone. I check the forums only to find out that I'm not the only person that this has happended to. Now not only am I upset, but I also don't want to play the game knowing that at any moment all my progress could be deleted again and I would have to start over again."
76561197972803361,Not Recommended,225540,22047444,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,[nl].terror of nl,game runs poorly and has many performance issues wich makes the game unplayable the devs arent fixing it so its not worth iy buying the game at this moment
,Not Recommended,225540,28481401,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Spliceddaddy,"Still got massive issues, stutters alot, dropping more than 20 frames sometimes and that was just on the first mission! Requesting refund."
76561198023785211,Not Recommended,225540,28572787,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Galenmacil,"To make a long story short, I played JC2 a lot and, at the time of its release, I considered it to be a technical masterpiece. Right from the moment it when live, the game was almost perfect. Now, this is a different story for JC3. What most people report; bad PC porting, graphical glitches, disconnection issue with the online features, poorly put together story, etc... are all, sadly, true.It feels like the game lack polishing. Buy it only when heavily discounted (>=75%). Gameplay is still great but not as special as in the JC2 era... Perhaps  new comer to the series won't mind.I am going to rate this negatively mainly for the lack of interest for the developer to fix PC porting problems and for the high retail price."
,Recommended,225540,27717483,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,trnci,"Cool new feautures, especially improved grappling hook or brand new wingsuitPretty looking game, amazing huge worldDestructable environment"
,Recommended,225540,30411287,Posted: 9 March,all,Kshitij Tiwari,"Immense fun to play. You can go all out Rambo style and you wont die. in 44 hours or less i completed whole game including all side missions and jobs. You will totally find it worth the money, however i purchased it on discount of around 60-70%.Graphics are unbelivably good, only part i didnt liked is how car react to bumps. Very exagerated."
,Recommended,225540,30371644,Posted: 7 March,all,A.n.BabaDook,"good game,,,not worth 60 though"
76561197967712543,Recommended,225540,30361339,Posted: 6 March,all,[BaB]BERGET:Anti-Commy,almost a step back from JC2pros and cons tie at the endbuy it if its on sale
,Recommended,225540,30211695,Posted: 26 February,all,dalekdrummer,AMAZING best game iv'e ever played
,Recommended,225540,28864028,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,(-C-)Fjonan,"It is exactly the mindless over the top action fun in a beautiful landscape I was looking for. The game works fine for me, no performance issues and I really like the new wing suit movement. The rest is what you know from Just Cause 2: Explosions, mayhem and lots of shooting.My guess is: if you are unsure because of all the performance issues reported in the reviews just try the game for an hour and refund it if you have problems. 'cause I almost did not get the game and would miss out on this."
,Recommended,225540,28191656,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Unfussybonsai,"Just Cause 3 is fun, I guess..."
,Recommended,225540,27014043,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RA|» Chargin Sarge,"Awesome game, I love the part where you blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up.Oh the story is ok too I guess...."
76561198192881993,Not Recommended,225540,21849827,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,ErronBlack#23,"Highly unrecommended This game has serious Frame rate issues. I have an i5 4440 Geforce GTX770 2 Tb, however still the game does not run smoothly on the lowest settings. Having played the previous versions of the game Its a real dissappointment to be unable to play this game. Games like Gta V , Battlefield 4 Far cry primal a few of the games which have really amazing graphics better than Just cause 3 run effortlessly . Unless you have a Geforce GTX980ti do not buy . Very poorly optimised especially when it is not a game with mind blowing graphics, Please stop releasing such F...ed up ports for pc. Just release it for consoles. Waste of TIME and MONEY."
,Not Recommended,225540,21810904,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,DickDude45,"Using tethers to torture people in game is fun, but it gets boring after a while. Too few main missions. Map is large and that is great but gets really boring after you explore it a while. Mountains, mountains and more mountains. It seems like the game is more meant for landscape exploring and mountain climbing. Cities and villages are awfully small and don´t have anything interesting to find or explore. If you are a fan of Just Cause series, then it is a good buy, but if you have never played JC before and this is your first one in the series, I believe you will be disappointed a bit."
76561198057903880,Not Recommended,225540,21820041,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Des,It's a fantastic game and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it if it wouldn't keep crashing every 15 minutes... Terrible port of an amazing game
76561198030742987,Not Recommended,225540,21822962,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,wgasa,"This is a good game. If you enjoyed the others, have a high end gaming pc with an nvidea graphics card, you've got no problem. a reccomended buy. Unfortunately the performance is a bit poor. I have an nvidea gpu, so i've missed the amd problems, that said my rig runs witcher 3 on med/high settings, no problem, this game on low settings has 0 fps drop outs. Not just when there's a lot going on on the screen, when very little is happening. I'm guessing the map is loading in the background or whatever but it's a bit disruptive. In a year or 2 when I've upgraded and it's been patched i'll rebuy, but for now, refunded.good game spoiled by poor performance."
76561198093688875,Recommended,225540,24978030,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Sniper.50cal,"I have been reading all the reviews on this game and was very hesitant to buy it since it was first  released because of all the problems it had.  I bought it yesterday for $26 (bundled with ROTTR since I already owned that game steam gave me 64% off JC3) I just played 4 hours straight and no problems at all on max settings. No memory leaks, no errors at all. Now JC2 I have had major problems with since I first bought it a couple of years ago.  It errors constantly. Back when I first started playing JC2 I was playing on a GTX 760 and from the discussion boards I was told you needed to shut off the steam overlay and bloom to stop it from erroring and shutting down.  At the time it worked but then I upgraded to a GTX 970 and the problem got worse. I can't even have JC2 opened for any more than 5 min and it still errors! A lot of the problems I am seeing people have with JC3 is what is happening to me in JC2 (weird)My rig details are:Asus Z97-E moboi7-4790 @ 3.6ghzAsus Strix GTX 97016bg ramNot sure that helps anyone out but JC3 does work perfectly on this rig. A very good game overall except the driving mechanics are bad and hard to control other than that buy the game it's a ton of fun!10\10"
76561198036720067,Recommended,225540,28649591,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,RowDogSA,"I didn't buy it because the initial reviews were so bad, so I waited for a discount. I cannot understand how this got bad reviews. It is every bit as good as Just Cause 2. Amazing, huge map to do whatever you want in spectacular graphic detail. And the destruction! Oh the destruction! Better than it has ever been. Incredible sound and explosive effects. The wingsuit is fantastic. The multitude of weapons and vehicles are so satisfying to use. I honestly don't care much that I cannot crouch or take cover. The grapple and parachute help me get out of danger quickly, so not an issue. I am running a new gen video card on high detail and the gameplay is smooth. No framedrops at all. This is the satisfying Just Cause experience you loved. Buy it!"
,Recommended,225540,19495709,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Warp,"The game is fun, the systems are very nice to play around with. The only problems ive experienced are some crashes after a few hours but they are no biggie thanks to the autosave function. The game no longer feels like a b movie game sadly but is still worth it, the destruction physics for the bridges make me feel ♥♥♥♥ing wonderfull every time i blow them up. There's nothing better than flying around as a destructive bird shouting out mating calls to all the other degenerates."
76561198014146141,Recommended,225540,28777600,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,+Voice cast+Fun game without story missions+Collecting vehicles+Difficulty settings+Some funny moments+A lot of things to conquer+Huge islands+Jet pack+Weapons+Mods+Some beautiful places+Would like too see a JC 4+Reminds me of Command & Conquer: Renegade-Loading screens all over the place-Load times-Can't skip credits {you can block them with a steam browser window hehe}-Mostly storyboard like cutscenes with voice overs-Barely any music in the game-A.I.-Driving cars is almost as bad as saint's row 2-Buggy/glitchy walkway on mega trucks-Buggy/glitchy bodies-Low graphics texture resolution with high system requirements-One of the worst endings in a game-Copy and paste police bases-Story was laughable-Script was a joke also-Lame emotional scenes-Draw Distance-300 feet away from explosions/destruction reset the area-Overpriced XL/Non-XL versions - game is worth 20 dollars and lower-DRM
76561198026989478,Recommended,225540,19911689,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SneakyBastard94,I just simply love this game.
,Recommended,225540,20419546,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,819Gaming,"Pros+ Great gameplay+ Doesn't take itself seriously+ Likable characters such as Mario, Di Ravello (even though hes the main antagaonist), and of course Rico+ Tons of fun+ New tethering ability lets player creativty run wild+ Wingsuit insanely fun to use (however difficult at the beginning)+ Unlimited sticky bombs mean no holding the player back from explosions+ Large expansive mapCons- Had an issue on windows 10 where it wouldnt save. (FIX DOWN BELOW)- Shuddering issues and FPS drops, not very optimised (GTX 970, i5 4670k)- Didnt really feel engaged to the minigamesOverall I'd give this game 8/10FIX FOR SAVING ISSUE- Open file explorer- Go to where ever you saved your game (for me it was Programefiles(x86)/Steam/SteamApps/Common/JustCause3- Open the folder- run JC3.exe as administrator."
,Recommended,225540,21274262,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Truly Thomas,"Okay i may not have played the game for very long. But i think i am qualified to say that no matter what the other reviews say about bad fps and its a reskin, the game is fun. That is all."
,Recommended,225540,23976857,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,skullman,"Grand theft auto meets Micheal Bay 10/10Buy this if you like explosions, killing things, and want to explore a world with more land mass than Dallas, Texas.Dunno why people complain about optmization, They managed to fit a 1000km map that's detailed as hell into 50GB and i'm managing to run it smooth and clear on Intel 530 integrated. Boots in minutes and doesn't hog my cpu. I've had the occasional crash every 8 hours or so buut i don't loose more than 5 minutes of progreess.Better optimization than most games imo.PRO's- Great optimization- Lots of explosions- Interesting storyline and balanced battles- Huge♥♥♥♥♥mapCON's- The occasional crash- Final battle is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and can't be beaten without bombs- Turning while driving is absolute♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,225540,19455264,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Sentionix,Great game but runs like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥at the moment. And before you say its probably my pc I haveGtx 970I5 65008 gigs of DDR4
76561198086386552,Recommended,225540,19425483,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,XxXDragonSlayerSwaggerMannerXxX,I can't play the ♥♥♥♥ing game 0/0 cant play again ign
76561198106961917,Recommended,225540,20073171,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Krustie KreamLourde,"From my many hours playing this game over the last week, I can say that this is truly an excellent game. The world is gorgeous, the explosions are jawdropping, and the vehicles are awesome. The addition of the wingsuit makes exploring JC3's vast and vibrant world an exhilirating and epic experience, and the story is actually pretty good! The time you can spend on this game and not get bored is incredible. From liberating towns, blowing up gigantic radio towers, or unlocking fun new abilities, I never found myself without entertainment. For those of you who are hesitant to buy because you heard countless reports of crashes and bugs on the internet (especially for PC owners with an AMD graphics card), hesitate no longer. I have played at least 10 hours of the game (on a PC with an AMD graphics card) and I have had literally not a single problem with the game. THIS IS AN AMAZING GAME. BUY IT."
76561198109368249,Recommended,225540,20406978,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Lavamg,"To start off, I think this is a great game. I am really shocked that the review count is Mixed on Steam. It is an absolute beautiful game, with a big map full of contrasting enviornments. Time to start off a pros and cons list, cause who doesn't like those?Pros:-Very beautiful graphics with great water-A wide map with tons to explore-I haven't experienced any FPS issues or stuttering of any kind. I know this is a common complaint, but I'm running using a 970m with 8 GB of ram with and i7-4720HQ and suffer no interruptions on nearly maxed out settings.-The online connect feature I have never had a problem with, even in super crap internet, and I don't know why people are complaining about it. And if you are playing it on the go, then there must be somewhere with WiFi cause I can't imagine playing it in a car.-Clean controls, easy to learn and master-Story is good when it's there (I'll explain this more in the cons)-Wingsuit is a nice, new addition to the game-Multiple tethers and being able to retract them is another great new feature-Towns are always different, but similar in a nice way-The Havoc engine is perfect for a game like this and well used for destruction-Ability to stunt jump across the entire vehicle is an awesome feature-Characters are unique and funny and important in their own waysCons:-There is not too much story in the game, and when it is there it is sporadic, sometimes occurring back to back or going long periods without it. When it is there though, it is enjoyable with good characters.-The loading screen is the only loading issue I have. You can't skip it, which is a little frusturating, and it takes a decent time.I have to say, this game is very, very good and the couple of issues people are seeming to have still aren't enough for me to maybe think about not recommending it. Very good game, and props to SquareEnix and Blizzard Studios for creating such a good game."
,Recommended,225540,28173126,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,A1,best game ive played in a long time :)
,Recommended,225540,20341151,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Captain Parallax,"I'll admit the game doesn't run terribly well at all for me even with settings turned down but Just Cause 3 is still spectacular. Stunning visuals, new weapons and a wingsuit await Rico Rodriguez as he sets out to liberate his homeland of Medici.The game pretty much improves on everything iffy in Just Cause 2 except for the fact that there's no health bar or mini-map, but that can be excused once you start causing some chaos. Oh, there's a Formula 1 car that you can drive, too. It's great.Overall, a lovely game which really does define the word fun."
,Recommended,225540,19437421,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,The Dirty Mailman,"I have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of games. I play a lot of them. Just Cause 2 was one of my favorite gaming experiences of all time, from the corny voice acting to the unbelievable story, the constant explosions and utter insanity that was jumping out of a vehicle before sending it off a cliff to explode. JC3 is more like it's predecessor than some people will like, but I have played it for about 7+ hours now and I am having a complete blast. The similarity of settlements and military bases is a little boring at first but after rolling through a military base in a light tank, blowing up everything in sight time after time I can say that the destruction never gets old. I also understand that there are some people whow are having performance issues. I have an FX-8350 and a Tri-X 390X and am having no issues maintaining 60fps at 1080p using current beta drivers."
76561198079616994,Not Recommended,225540,20124096,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,thehornet2014,This game is unplayable wait for more patches to be released. Very disappointing.
76561198060226685,Not Recommended,225540,20229781,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tobleronix,"As Expected, A brilliant game from my favourite Series.However, the performance just isn't good enough. I appreciate that there may be optimisation patches yet to come but as warned, AMD Users aren't likely to run the game for more than 10 minutes without a Crash that takes another 10 minutes to restart from.It's a shame to consider a refund from my favourite game series, But a game I can't play on a high-performance PC isn't one I can recommend untill this is fixed.Unless you have a high-end Nvidea PC. Don't touch this game unless the reviews of future patches say otherwise."
76561198044066541,Not Recommended,225540,20414652,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Z.Z. Top,"Keeps on crashing whenever i play it I cant even go to back to my pc, i have to reset my pc."
76561197999021953,Recommended,225540,28386057,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Un Poisson Rouge,"Great game, especially for 15 dollars"
,Not Recommended,225540,20156615,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,"Fluffy, King of the Bullsquids","After getting it working I had a bit of fun but quickly realized the island itself, even though they pulled back on the copy paste, is pretty boring... fun mechanics but probably wont bother playing again until there is more to do then blow up the same♥♥♥♥♥♥in every town and same challenges... which sadly means waiting til dlc or mods for me.Sidenote months later and my resolution still isnt supported, what an absolute joke, have to change my desktop resolution, launch, then change it back all to play 15 minutes of a bland game..."
76561198167462673,Not Recommended,225540,20203289,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Lunarbarbarian,"Well i'm happy they gave me three things for purchasing this game.1. Just cause 32. 5 FPS3. StutteringCause:?Soulution looking straight at the sky making the game unplayible. I'm ashamed at Sqaure enix and Valve both for the same reason.Sqaure enix: Not putting and anything up on the JC3 page to warn people that this game might not work.Valve: Not marking JC3 as a product that might not work for you. And not having an exception to the standed refund rules if it dosen't work on your computer.They should be giving refunds to anyone who brought the game thinking it would work and it dosen't. For example I can't get a refund on it because I have played over a hour, the only reason I played an hour was to try and get it working.Please fix this Sqaure enix."
,Not Recommended,225540,20226450,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,fireofdestruction77,"well, to begin with i feel like this game is lacking content after beating the entire game in only 50 hours(50 hours of a lot of fun) this includes collecting all of the collectibles and playing all challenges to 4-5 gears this game was basically a joke like there's not nearly as many bases/ towns to take over as jc2 which i have over 100 hours in and still havent captured all of them.... the new mechanics and all are cool like the wingsuit, ge 64 explosives, and tethers (barvarium nukes OP) and being able to destory every bridge in the game while an amazing game its just lacking in the ""plenty of things to do"" area which is why this is a negative review....speaking of which the Xl version which my brother bought is a complete waste because its only cosmetic items which i find stupid. maybe if there's an actual expansion i might buy it...maybe ill update this as i think of more things to say about this game.Edit 1: i had no frame rate issues after i updated my drivers the night i got it dual r9 290's and 4770K 16 Gb of ramEdit 2: the di ravello tapes are completely pointless unless your into cosmetic items (a golden helicoptor....Yay)Edit3: the shrines are also pointless because they give free fast travel but once youve captured everything you can fast travel anywhere anyway... soo like whut.Edit4: this review is continuing to grow i modded the game( not those in game ""mods"") no something OP like infinite ammo and decided to re oppress the area that like rains nukes on you until you do the mission to disable them i have to say that was a lot of fun with infinte ammook so my final thing to say about this game is while its not terrible and the hours that ive spent were a lot of fun i quickly ran out of things to do. while yes you can re-oppress places its just not a good as it was the first time around its not rewarding buy it if you like the just cause series but be weary you may be disappointed"
76561197972294571,Not Recommended,225540,22058998,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,cheese40000,"Crashes, does't work after a lot of updating..."
76561198043338423,Recommended,225540,19407452,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Epickiller10,"well my first impressions are its a fun game, there is no doubt about that, however the game needs some SERIOUS optimization, my build can only get 60 fps on max settings when literally nothing is happening, for example wingsuiting through a feild, but the second i hop into a town or a rocket explodes next to me boom drops to 30fps.. i have no doubt in my mind that this will be fixed eventually but untill it is dont buy the game especially on lower end machines!(would mixed review but there is no button for that)TLDR: DONT BUY TILL THE GAME IS FIXED"
,Recommended,225540,19442678,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,IDontEvenKnow,Best indian action movie I've ever played.
,Recommended,225540,19445751,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,0range Juice,The grappling hook mechanic works really well with all the new stuff to blow up and mess around with since the last game. Including launching the wildlife into space :D
76561198087927110,Not Recommended,225540,20204913,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,iced401,"Overal buggy performance from frame drops, sound cues being seconds off, and the game freezing for no aparent reason, to game mechanics that have been in every Just Cause to date just not working. This game need major work done to it before it is even worth playing, let alone buying."
76561198307329043,Recommended,225540,28833688,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Braco,"Very fun, open world, you can basically do whatever you want. I honestly don't really pay attention to the story, but that's how fun it is to do random♥♥♥♥♥♥ Basically I recommend this game, espically that it's on sale right now for $15."
76561198024015457,Not Recommended,225540,20134500,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,garrettj,"IF you want a good game where you get to blow EVERYTHING up buy red faction armegeddon. This is just a mediocre shooter with objects you have to blow up on every mission, ad nauseum, the same objects, over and over and over"
,Recommended,225540,20356209,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,☨☭✞ NIKITA ✞☭☨,most beautiful game and explosion are awesome
76561198074938897,Recommended,225540,22233326,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,deth980,awesome game!
,Recommended,225540,22226441,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,carl.v.gent,YES
76561197964473338,Recommended,225540,22228525,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,cbrigante2,10/10 would grapple kick a tourist off a cliff again.
76561198038566053,Recommended,225540,22208439,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nox,"I am personally a little mixed about this game, and here are the reasons why. I have been a fan of the Just Cause series since the first game. The game series has moved forward and transitioned very well, but this one has a few setbacks that I can't seem to get over. One of these setbacks being that the game has a poorly written story, optimization issues, graphical bugs, and suffers from a few other issues. However, the game is fun as hell to play. The destruction and explosions look extremely awesome. Blowing stuff up, taking over bases, and wrecking havoc all over the island is just as fun, if not more fun than the previous just cause games. Simply put, this game has the weaker story out of the Just Cause series, but has the most advanced graphics and destruction. Other than that I have a few pet peeves, nothing serious but would be awesome to have in the game.1. I miss jumping on the army cars and riding on the top of them shooting at the cars behind me. In JC3 after you jump on top of the car they pull over and start shooting you.2. When you jump out of the drivers seat of a boat onto the hood, it automatically stops. It doesn't keep going like in JC2.Other than those 2, that's about all I really dislike about this game. I'd give it a 7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,225540,22076715,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Gooby Pls,What kind of game releases in 2016 without ♥♥♥♥ing cloud saves. Thanks for 12 hours of progress gone.
76561198114734724,Not Recommended,225540,21962009,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,kimak,"Errors, freezes and crashes! I could dig through a ton of forums to find a solution, but I should not have to! Having to pay for a game and then get beta drivers, go underclocking and tweaking graphics settings should not be how it's done. I will be demanding a refund for this awefully buggy game. Such shame, the game itself, when it plays - utterly great."
76561198173121666,Recommended,225540,22211495,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Zelgadis29,cheaking stuff off the to obiterate list is fun story is good but not great and u get a super tank
76561197963183772,Recommended,225540,19733124,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,dAMi,"A very fun and entertaining game. The parachute / wingsuit combined with the grapple hook makes alot of interesting combos. Runs great, no lag. The missions are enjoyable, along with the different ""minigames"" you unlock on the way.Some -cons I've experienced so far:Poor motorcycle grip and steering. When driving i.e a dirt bike, you'd think it would behave like one, and not like you're ice-skating on the ice while driving on a dirt road.. cause it feels like it when you are driving and the next soft turn you take a 180 degree turn without doing much.-Lack of good chopper/plane control.. you'll get the hang of it with time, but it's harder than it has to be controlling/steering these vehicles.-traffic seem rather blind from time to time, you could stand in the road and you'd get hit by the traffic.. they'd just run you down. I guess this is intended, just for the lulz.. makes you wanna get back up on your feet and attach the vehicle to a nearby cliff or a mountain and make it pay the price.Anyway, these cons are rather minor in the big picture. Overall a very entertaining game, 8/10 gameplay wise, and -2 due to the cons."
,Not Recommended,225540,22111500,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,playec1992,Stoped working with last Patch.Will change my Review when it works again.
,Recommended,225540,22067448,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Darkall,This game is fun when you don't want anything to serious.
76561198103309737,Recommended,225540,21713832,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Pumpkincave,"An amazing game, acually, best game ever!"
,Recommended,225540,26887074,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rock1n1t0ut,"If all you are looking for are for big and beautiful explosions, this is the game.If you're looking for a relateable and throught provoking story, this isn't.This game doesn't have a great gameplay loop but blowing up♥♥♥♥♥♥is fun."
,Recommended,225540,23399107,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Hunter Gnome SKINHUB.COM,"its like when you mix gta with red faction plus you have wingsuit,parachutes,cars,planes,helicopters,friends,challenge,grapple hookSo basically u r god unless you die but you will respawn tho so i recommend playing this gamethere is just small lag sometimes but the game is playable.I don't know why some people hate this it is awesome and u should buy it!"
76561198050246034,Recommended,225540,25237514,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,donatelo200,I like blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up. This game hits the spot.
,Not Recommended,225540,25165402,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,sawlted,"I'd love to say this is a great game; but I can't. Within its current state of development it's essentially impossible to play this with a smooth experience. Whether it's a random crash or randomly falling through the world. The amount of glitches and ignorance the dev's are giving to PC is uncanny. I loved JC2 and I loved this game when it was polished. If you don't mind constantly restarting the game, or task manager'ing out of it, then I recommend this game. If you want a smooth playthrough of the game, I simply cannot.4/10"
,Recommended,225540,25267674,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Pete,Great open world shoot/ blow everything up game. Super crazy storyline which extends to the DLC.Worth every penny.
,Recommended,225540,25250286,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,saladass,الحلو فيها الجرافيك والخارطة الكبيرة والتدمير والطيران وبس اما القصة فاشلة والتحكم بالمركبات صعب واكبر مشكلة انو ما بركض وماريو اكثر شخصية كرهتها .... اذا محتار بينها وبين جتا5 :جتا5 احسن بكثير
76561198163148477,Recommended,225540,23886631,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MassSpecFella,I held off buying this game at full price because I thought it would be a pretty crappy game. I was wrong. Its actually a great deal of fun.The performance is not great. I get a bit of screen tearing and frame rate drops and popin. I had to fiddle with the setting a great deal to get it to run well enough.I also wish the plot was more substantial.However the gameplay is super fun and even the chellenges grew on me.Good stuff.
76561198039759741,Recommended,225540,30490920,Posted: 13 March,all,Hjordten,"One of the best open-world-sandbox games I’ve played.When I first picked this game up I had small expectations and thought that the game would get very repetitive really fast. But damn I was wrong.A lot of the negative reviews keeps saying the same thing. “It is repetitive and boring”. And sure you need to take control a massive amount of army bases and villages. But it is not about the amount of stuff you need to do, it is about HOW you do it.You can for example call in a military helicopter and completely devastate the army base from it. Or maybe you wanna recreate Miley Cyrus wrecking ball? Fear not! Just take a sturdy military helicopter. Connect some cars to your helicopter using wires. And BOOM! here you go, a chopper with 5+ cars attached = perfect wrecking ball.But you also need to take care of the animals and citizens who lives in the game. Maybe you see a lonely cow who just want to be left alone. Sneak up to it and when the cow, attach some minirockets 4+ to its buut. After that you can activate the mini rockets and see the cow fly so far away from you render distance that the cow suddenly stops being rendered.All of this gets 10 times more fun with each expansion since they offer so many new weapons, cars upgrades and more you can have fun with."
76561198116344232,Recommended,225540,19404760,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Legion,This game is fantastic!  Great graphics and mechanics!  Some drawbacks would be not knowing when you gonna die or some patchy areas that need some work but other than those few things its a great game!
76561198111244333,Recommended,225540,19481187,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MrFancyPants,"If you liked Just Cause 2, you will like Just Cause 3. It's simple really; it works like drugs. If you like Cocaine, you will probably like weed. And yes I made a drug reference for a reason, becasue you will be sucked in and loose your social life and your girlfriend (if she is real or imaginary does not matter).As for the actual game, they basically took everything that was in Just Cause 2 and made it better, and took out anything that was bad or anoying. I have played for a decent amount of time, and I have yet to find anything bad with the game. Well, almost.By now you have probably heard that it plays horrible on PC, and that was true. They have now patched it, but it still eats ram like its playing a game of hungry hungry hippos all the time. But I have faith that that will be patched in the not to distant futre.If I have not said it enough already, ill say it again. I love this game, and I definatly recomend getting it for yourself. For its price, you get a lot of bang for your buck, which is good, because you won't be getting any bang out of your girlfriend."
,Recommended,225540,19448803,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Jord,This is the first Just Cause I have played and its  really ♥♥♥♥ing  awesome. There is so much to do! And so much BOOM! I highly recommend this game!
76561198202852589,Recommended,225540,19453831,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Buddha,Game is amazing i think it has one of the best graphics quality game i have ever played and has a very good story
,Recommended,225540,21253473,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Weav3r,10/10 would shoot a rocket launcher in someones face again
,Recommended,225540,21211988,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Neutex,Destroy everything with this sandbox third-person shooter game. Awesome graphics and really fun physics combined with butterflies in your belly when jumping off cliffs to be a wingsuit fighter!
,Recommended,225540,21440754,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,MoonzWolf,"I spent about an hour or so fixing the game so it'd run on my computer, but then i got it to run...... next thing i know it's six to seven hours later and i think i have carpel tunnel.9.9/10, -0.1 due to buggyness."
76561198074694496,Recommended,225540,21718224,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,sp00k,Domestic Terrorism Simulator 2k16.
,Recommended,225540,19988810,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Pirate,Stable now. Now it's fun :)
76561198126121870,Recommended,225540,21668482,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Robert,Game is fun and addicting.  Only issue is the game wont go full screen.
76561198197904026,Not Recommended,225540,21711382,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,PapaReptile,Fix this ♥♥♥♥ing game!!!
,Not Recommended,225540,21712152,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,bjornhallberg,"Sorry to agree with the naysayers but this game needs a lot of optimizations. Performance is awful and dialing down the graphics settings doesn't work as well as it should. You'd think that a GTX670 and a 3770K with 16GB ram ought to at least hold 30fps at 1680x1050 with the settings at medium and all the fluff (like tesselation, motion blur) turned off but you'd be wrong. Not sure if I got the new patch got installed or not. Probably? Isn't Steam supposed to do that sort of thing automatically? Ah, I miss the good old days. Gaming is officially dead.Btw. Wasn't exactly hooked on the feel of the gameplay, parachute and gunfights, not to mention the incessant cut-scenes either, but that is really not the point as long as you can't even play the damn game.Will probably ask for a refund."
,Not Recommended,225540,21709779,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Wyvern,"Learnt hard that this game is not AMD compatible.Steam support gave me a swift no hassle refund.I love you steam <3Invisible terrain, Desynced SFX and dialog and common crashes... not so much."
,Not Recommended,225540,21709919,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,[HoQ] Louis,"Downloaded the game twise, because the first time around the download crashed at 34/28.3gb, after downloading the game, finally. I was forced to wait in the loading screen where after 70minuites of a blank loading screen i still had to wait. Still hasnt come on."
,Recommended,225540,21737385,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Fishybubbles,too dank for words =0
,Recommended,225540,21779602,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Solaire of Astora,"Hell of a game! Great step up from the previous in several ways.PROS:- Story and Characters: Boiled down, it's a typical ""viva la revolucion"", destroy the oppressive regime story, but they did a fantastic job with it. The story missions are entertaining as hell. More distinctly than the previous game, the characters are much better defined and far more interesting.- Navigation: Holy damn, the wingsuit is fantastic. That, combined with your parachute, fast travel, and vehicles everywhere, getting around is a breeze and loads of fun.- Weaponry: Easy choice here, it's chaos on a massive scale, and it's balls-to-the-wall fun with tons of options.- Scenery: Medici is a beautiful place. Even on only ""high"" settings, it's a well-designed place with towns that feel alive and countryside perfectly populated to feel realistic.CONS:- Performance: As is everyone else's complaints, I've noticed it also. Even scaling down to ""high"" settings, there are occassional dips in FPS, especially with destruction.- Bugs: There are a few bugs with weaponry and planes, one in particular that prevents campaign completion (heat seeking doesn't working in ""Rico and the Rose"").- Police Stations: Claiming most is fine, usually simple. But the ""destroy X PLUS cause chaos"" leads to a few terribly stupid situations where you're waiting for reinforcements one by one to kill enough crap to conquer it. Dumb mechanic.- Vehicles: Most are useless, honestly. Motorcycles especially drive like absolute garbage. Most cars/boats don't get much use, you just end up find the most useful tanks/fighters/combat boats and using those. Fun for collecting and messing around, at best.Honestly, given its scope, there's not too much about the gameplay I have complaints about. It's unadulterated chaos in a beautiful open world. Definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,225540,21737595,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,wolfslayer226,"do you like hanging boats from skyscrappers, flying through the air like a bird, jet packs, flying heli carriers, mechs, and explosions then this game is for you."
,Recommended,225540,21761379,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Alvo,AWESOME!This is literally what would happen if Michael Bay directs Spiderman
76561197961972594,Recommended,225540,20482420,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Philosoraptor,Do you like sandbox games? Do you like explosions? Do you like cows? Do you like blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up while flying helicopters? If you answered yes to any of the following questions (and others) you will get your money's worth from JUST COWS 3. Play it. Have fun. Don't think too hard.
76561198015607893,Not Recommended,225540,21577381,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mudd,They really messed up the controls for the PC player. Flying the Jets is terrible.  They also made abilities you should have started like aiming down your sight unlockables for doing annoying stunt missions.  The graphics are very nice but over all they made some things so annoying to use it just ruins the game.
76561197963467435,Recommended,225540,21504972,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Mike,"So...I played just cause 3 alot. Roaming around, crashing enemy bases, blowing up the water supply. Just havaving a blast with it. So if you liked just cause 2, you'll probably enjoy this just cause 2.5.Hope for more new features in the next one. Or a new IP."
,Not Recommended,225540,21332235,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Clader,"I want to reccomend this game. I really really do. I want to say how much I love the game, the explosions, the freedom, everything.But not until these bugs, stuttering, and lag spikes are fixed.I can't play a game when I'm going at a steady 60 fps, drop into the 30's-20's for a few seconds, or just freeze altogether for a few seconds, then resume my normal 60. It's unbearable.Until all these glitches and bottlenecks are fixed, I'm going to have to give this a Neg review :("
,Recommended,225540,20857830,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Ryan Cole | UnknownFoden,"Took A While To Complete The Storyline. Fairly Difficult. Extremely Fun. I Haven't Stopped Playing Yet, Only At 50% Progress haha! 10/10 Would Buy Again!"
,Recommended,225540,21924024,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Thrive,Good
,Not Recommended,225540,20132860,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,drumzspace,"Holy cats, the performance is terrible.  I've got 16GB, i7-4790, with a GTX 970 and the stuttering is mind-boggling.Yes, I have the newest patch.  Yes, I'm using nVidia recommended settings.Yes, it's still terrible.  Let's put it this way: this makes GTA:Online look like a high-performance piece of software.  Get the picture?The premise is EXACTLY like Just Cause 2, so just keep playing that if you have it.I can't believe they actually released the game in this condition.  I understand they were under pressure from the publisher to get the title ready for Christmas, but is all this customer ill will worth the early release?"
76561198027431882,Not Recommended,225540,20131819,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,bc,Fame rate drops down to 3fps Running cpu FX6350 16gb ram GTX 970 I WILL BE ASKING FOR A REFUND . To bad looks like fun game when it works
76561198002665776,Not Recommended,225540,19761077,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,jreapers,"6/10 fun for a few hours. As a lot of other gamers have stated really tried to like this game then the issues begin to showsave your money, frame drops/dodgy car controls even after patch."
,Recommended,225540,20122936,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sc02,You grapple everywhere and everyone.You even start to want grapples in other games
76561198029275810,Recommended,225540,19420770,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Natalizumab,Quite a fun game buy it and make your friends buy it.
,Recommended,225540,19414152,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sakkoliha,"Do you like to blow stuff up and cows to the orbit? If yes, then you most likely will enjoy this game.If you haven't touched Just Cause 2 and aren't sure if you enjoy this style of gameplay, just get JC2 and some mods, as this game doesn't do much more than give your prettier graphics and larger map.Also, if you hate bugs, don't touch this one yet. In the first 3 hours I've dropped through the world three times and few times some UI elements got stuck in the middle of screen, making aiming and practically anything that requires vision impossible.The oddest thing for an AAA game, this one actually runs rather well."
,Recommended,225540,20392995,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Spksh,Boom!
,Recommended,225540,21914302,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,The Salty Life-Hating Pessimist,Its expensive but its definitly worth it for the high quality explosion !
76561197962390805,Recommended,225540,21953360,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,cdkramer,Pros:-Lots of explosions-Mini nukes (basically)-Cargo plane that can actually hold stuff-More grapples-Destroyable Bridges-Trains-The wingsuitCons:-A bit buggy sometimes-Less places to take over-Airplanes still fly slowThe pros are so good and fun that they basically cancel out the cons.
76561198108410637,Recommended,225540,26004477,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,[A7X] JuniorA10er,love this game
76561198156099875,Recommended,225540,19721130,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,brimble16,"So .... as a gamer who has loved the just cause franchise for years, this is a brilliant predessesor to just cause 2, if you like the stuff in just cause 2 (blowing sh*t up) then you will love this one too, im able to run it fine with an i5 and mid range nvidia geforce graphics card (my laptop is a hp envy 15 btw) couple of frame rate issues here and there and sometimes there is a bug on launch which defainetly needs to be fixed but most of the time the game behaves well, ofc there are glitches its a big game, glitches like in GTA V where the AI occasionaly spazzes out (which is hilarious) and sometimes, as i said the frame rate slips and i need to resart the game. I would love to see more DLC's and updates even though there is a butt ton of content already there. i honestly dont know why some of the reviews are low its probably because they didnt check the requirment to run the game. Also they were conplaining about the campaign which isnt amazing i agree but the voice acting was terrible ... did you play the last game???? basicly dont expect a great campaign . The point of this game is to explode laugh and show off, if your nit sure about buying this game (because it is expensive) buy just cause 2 and then wait and see what you think and then come to this game and purchase it, you can always refund it if you dont play over 2 hours but please this is amazing and just watch some gameplay. this game could defainetly do with multiplayer. i know the last game didnt have it and you had to use the mod but please, i dont want anouther mod i want a full multiplayer.thanks brimble(UPDATE)the frame rate issues have been fixed in the latest update but it stil occasionly crashes at the end the sound problemis now fine and just keep working on the game Square Enix)"
76561198087334230,Recommended,225540,23810087,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dragonwolf35,"To summarize it all. Bad PC port, I can though personally recommend the game if you have a high-end PC. A lot of people are complaining about freezes, crashes and such, so far i have only encountered one crash."
,Recommended,225540,19651142,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,WarlikeChunk,"Some performance issues, but I know they'll be fixed soon. This game is very fun. 9/10"
,Recommended,225540,19404210,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mr. Re,"Had a messy launch, but is overall a great game.This is only here because I changed it from negative."
,Recommended,225540,19569036,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Ozzyoverlord,I Personally think that Just Cause 3 should be 12+ If anyone agrees with me like this review
,Recommended,225540,22985456,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Kanner,"Best game ever! First of all don't listen to all of this hate that they are saying that some graphics cards don't work with it I have a r900 amd and cann run it in ultra. It has a  lot of replay level and is really fun and destructive which is what makes it even more fun. I recommend using a controller to play it makes it eaiser just to say. The camp[aign lasts a long time I beat the campaign at 20 hours and dont regret spending any of those hours playing this game.There is only one con with my perspective, MODDING!!!!!! Dont buy this game if you want to mod it first they patch it so you can't mod it and know its back but people gave up on modding it and they keep getting rid of modders. Please stop removing mods it makes it more fun and they removed all of the fun removing mods."
,Recommended,225540,24270731,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Enereys,awesome gameplay... but fps lock at 30 FPS and sometime drops when explosions happen
,Not Recommended,225540,24132692,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Twatt,"My PC can run GTA 5 on High settings with no issues at all, yet with this game I get terrible framerate issues on even the lowest settings.I can't fault the gameplay though, seems like a really fun game if it weren't for the technical issues."
,Recommended,225540,20611072,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Gojirex,Took me 200 hours to liberate all of Just Cause 2.Took me 23 hours to liberate all of Just Cause 3.Best flipbook I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,225540,19913328,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,LostVegas911,"Pre Alpa game released as a finished product. Complete garbage, from buggy graphics to♥♥♥♥♥♥controls. Just a collasal waste of time and money. Square should be ashamed."
,Recommended,225540,20138404,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Trap Detective,"In my opinion, unless you have a very good rig, you may not even want to attempt it. It isnt well optimized to say the least. If you do however and also enjoy destroying random things for the sake of watching people die, this game is for you. This game is in no way perfect, even on a great computer issues arise and repetitive gameplay can sometimes ruin the experience of freedom. Those are my thoughts on the game.Viva la Revolution!"
,Recommended,225540,19417073,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,lugali,The game itself is fun but at the current moment it stutters a lot along with other problems. I heard that there was problem witht he amd drivers as well so if your buying it now(first week) watch out. Id wait to buy it after the 2nd optimization patch( first one was before release) if you don't want any problems .TIPS: run steam in offline mode greatly improves fps and stops stutteringright click the application run as administratorUPDATE GRAPHICAL DRIVERS- this is huge do it
,Recommended,225540,21649865,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MistahJay,buy the gameplay the gameblow up the gamerepeat over and over and over until your pc dies
,Recommended,225540,19836111,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,A$AP Newell,"Truly a masterpiece of gaming. Nothing is serious, everything is fun, anything you can imagine you can do. A couple of graphical issues so be aware of that. Otherwise, an excellent game anyone can have fun playing"
,Recommended,225540,20199791,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ronnie,♥♥♥♥ing. Awesome.
,Recommended,225540,20196504,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,LlamaGhost,this game is very good its like tom cruise mixed with james bond but the thing is peaple dont sugest it cause it dosnt work it depends on the computor. im using alien ware so it works perfect for me
76561197977517289,Recommended,225540,19828292,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,n3r3m4c,This game is pure dope. You can fly and blow whatever up. I like to attatch people's faces to other people's faces and make them kiss in agony. You  can do this with butts too.As a person who HAS ridden a missle; it's pretty cool.
76561198067878724,Recommended,225540,20105683,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PancakeCats,"Mexican flying squirrel kills obscene amounts of people and jacks off to loads of explosions. What more could you want?Well I'll tell yah.-Certain things cannot be destroyed by ejaculatory explosion, which is pretty lackluster-Rebels take their sweet♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing time to restock the vehicles they take from nuns and aids survivors, but delivery is instant.Other than that, no real complaints."
,Recommended,225540,20106305,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Holla Back,"This game is fantastic. It might not be much different from Just Cause 2 at first but it just becomes so enternaining. It's so easy to just launch the game and get right into the action and enjoy some of the new and improved features. Also, everyone is saying there are a lot of issues, however, I have experienced very few glitches and the only problem I have with the game is the connection to the online leaderboards, which even that is not so bad like people make it out to be, especially if you just launch the game in offline mode. Overall the game is extremely fun and feels so fresh compared to Just Cause 2 and other recent sandbox games; it's ultimately great for anyone looking to get right into the action and just play."
,Recommended,225540,20108932,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sanex,"Hi, i've been playing Just Cause 3 51.8 hrs for now and the game is AWESOME.I bought this game week and two days ago and i can't stop playing it.I'll give it 9/10.Pros-Explosions-New tools-Beatiful and large open world-Better handling on vehicles-Character personality-Dark sense of humor-Easter eggsCons-No multiplayer-Frame drop on AMD graphics cards (i use nvidia)-Short and easy story-Takes too much time of your life :DSo that was my review on Just Cause 3 and i recomment to buy it.My computerWindows 8.1, 64biti5 - 4570 cpu @ 3.20ghz8GB RAMNvidia Geforce GTX 780 Ti"
76561198056895180,Not Recommended,225540,20102096,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mr Clean,Will remain so until PC port is fixedhttps://youtu.be/YkNmEEa0gwwUpdate: Still♥♥♥♥♥♥but damn do i want to play this gameIf your going to have day one dlc make sure the damn game works first or at least 3 months after its releaseUpdate 2: Walking around is fine but if you dare get into combat this game flips outP.S. people are saying that its a memory leak issue come on they didnt notice this durring developmentUpdate 3: DONT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,225540,19979805,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Traq,Blow Something Up. DieBlow Another Thing Up. DieConquer A Base. Cheer. Die
,Recommended,225540,20457374,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,No more cs,"Being a huge fan of JC2 I was eagerly awaiting the release of JC3. So lets jump into the review of why JC3 improved on its predecessor several times over!First off, the campaign of the game is great, full of missions involving high-octane car chases, gunfights, and explosions. I've heard lots of people complain about forgettable characters and recylced mission concepts, but JC has never been a game about the campaign. It was the same in JC2. Avalanche want you to go out and enjoy the world they so meticulously created. They didn't put all that effort into easter eggs, mountains and towns, just so that you would spend all your time in game locked into linear missions. In fact, Avalanche actually force you to go out and experience the world, as some missions are locked until you liberate certain areas! Sure, I like a good storyline as much as the next guy, and while JC3's storyline may not be winning awards any time soon, it should satisfy you for the short time it takes to complete it. And once thats done, the world is your oyster!One of the main things I love in JC3, is that the environment is incredibly beautiful. The graphics are gorgeus on any setting, and if you're blessed enough to be playing on a system that can handle the graphics on ultra, then you're in for a treat!  JC3 focuses on explosions, explosions, explosions. Its a core part of gameplay, and the game's creators have obviously spent many hours perfecting their art. Explosions vary in size and type, from small boxes of ammunition exploding, to an entire oil tank blowing up as a plane crashes into it! The game is extremely destructible, meaning that nearly everything you want to blow up, will blow up in a spectacular fashion! Oh, and make sure that the first bridge you come across, you blow it up. ;)For me, the only major disappointment of this game is its lack of multiplayer. When JC2 came out, it too had no multiplayer, but the modding community quickly came up with a wonderful mod as a solution. I was severely disappointed by the fact that JC3, a game that claimed to be so heavily assisted and influenced by the community, hadn't listened to them when they asked for multiplayer. JC2's multiplayer mod was an endlessly fun addon to the game, that extended playtime for many players, and while the people behind it are working on a JC3 version as I write this, its likely to be buggy and unsupported. This is, for me, a huge disappointment as two of my closest friends own the game and to be able to play multiplayer on a platform properly supported by the game's creators would be amazing. I have a lot of respect for Avalanche, but to me it seems they are being lazy; leaving out a fantastic experience in the hope that someone else will do it for them.Despite this, JC3 is a masterpiece of gaming. Avalanche have only just begun to build on the revolutionary foundations laid by JC2, and already it improves on every aspect. They really have thrown all caution to the wind and created a game with only one real purpose; a purpose many games companies seem to have lost sight of these days: fun!"
,Not Recommended,225540,20645262,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,grass eater,Just Slow Motion 3
,Recommended,225540,20529636,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Lenny Plank,"Fun but very, very graphics intensive."
,Recommended,225540,20011657,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Crunch,"Well what can i say?To start off, i completely recognise that there are optimisation issues in this game, especially for AMD card users. However, this short review will be from MY experience alone. How i have experienced it on my set up, and everything else for ME.Let's begin.Story (9/10) - I haven't completed the story yet and no its not an oscar winning story, but when you buy just cause games you don't buy it for a rich story line with emotional backstories and stuff. If you want that, go buy Mass Effect. So far however, i am enjoying the missions and the story line is a huge improvement over just cause 2's. Also, im rating it highly simply because all of the missions are explosions. Which i love <3 Dont hate me ;_;Gameplay (10/10) - This is the best game i have EVER played. No question. Everything from just cause 2 has been improved dramatically. The wingsuit mechanic is the most amazing idea ever created and whoever came up with the idea to use a wingsuit and a grappling hook, deserves a medal. It is extremely addictive and i could spend hours on end just wingsuiting around in the beautiful environments. There are Red Dead Redemption style side quests every so often, like hijacking a limo to kill the informant in it, or to deliver supplies to rebels. All of them are fun as hell and whenever i get one, i always attempt to do it.Performance (8/10) - My PC set up will be at the end. So far i have encountered very little in the way of performance issues. For me, 99% it runs as smooth as butter, however you can sometimes experience small fps drops of about 2-5fps when huge explosions occur. Overall, i am extremely pleased with the performance of the game and definitely recommend it if you have a good enough PC, that is not AMD (well, it could work on an AMD card, but from what i've heard, less so than Nvidia cards.)Overall (9.9/10) - No there is no logic to that rating, but it is my opinion, and it not being 100% perfect, but also being my favorite game of all time, i felt like it deserved a 9.9. (Honestly, if you want a proper review, go look at gamestop or something.) So yeah. Overall it is MY favorite game of all time and therefore i recommend it to all people. So go buy it now. Please. Its great.My specs:Nvidia GeForce GTX960 2GB8GB RAMAMD Athlon 860K X4 (4.3GHz OC)Windows 8.1(Need any more info? Comment below :D)"
76561198122462233,Recommended,225540,19993820,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,VAPEoreon,The legends say every time you play this game you can hear your gpu crying at that night.
76561198055076746,Recommended,225540,20515038,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Blue Jay,"So currently, you'll see a lot of crude remarks and ""reviews"" about Just Cause 3 in the community hub. A lot of them have to do with them believing the game isnt fun or does not function correctly which I'm ok with, that was their experience, but I feel like it's starting to cloud the judgement of people who have a high probabillity of enjoying this great game that Avalanche studios and Square Enix have made for us.I'm here to put out my opinion on the game and I'll start with straight off saying HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.I'm totally for this game, bugs and all.So I won't do a Pros vs. Cons lists because it's a bit annoying imo to see a list of things someone doesnt like, but I will tell you what I do like.The most important feature in the game is the wingsuit now: The wingsuit is fairly easy to master and can be really fun if you know when to time your grapple shots. It's pretty quick and can get you to most places without using an air vehicle.Challenges: They're rewarded throughout your gameplay (When you liberate or take a settlement) and you essentially are playing them for mods and a bit of practice using different tools. The challenges are based on many factors and the result of getting points in them is GEARS. Gears are like a currency type for your mod menu and unlock the mods as you recieve them. You can earn up to 5 gears in a challenge, 5 being fairly difficult to achieve without practice.Mods: Modding is a new feature and is really cool! It allows you to toggle on and off certain things you want to apply to your tools such as rocket boosters to C4, a faster reel in for grappling (which applies to multiple actions like, wingsuiting, parachuting and regular grappling), and many many more. *****Do Not Confuse In-Game Modding With Workshop Mods*****Story: Much more humor has been put into the story, and the characters have more...character to them. The story could still use work for future games in the series but you now have a much firmer grasp on ricos past and the concept the Developers are going for in this game.Graphics: Absolutely lovely. If you played BattleFront beta on High settings, you may have noticed how amazing it looked kind of giving you a warm happy feeling. Thats what the graphics are like in Just Cause 3. Simply Beautiful.Unlimited C4: This is also a new feature, one of many. Rather than simply being allowed to drop C4 everywhere and finish the game in 3 hours, you now can place 3 C4 on any nearby object or drop them from above in parachute mode and detonate them from far away, maybe on a high vantage point to admire your work. You can also upgrade to 5 C4 later on.Upgraded Grappling Hook/ Multiple Tethers: The grapple hook now looks much more sleek and presents a much better feel to the player when grappling to objects. I Don't know for sure, but it also seems like the grapple distance is slightly farther. You may now upgrade to 6 Tethers throughout the game and you start off with two fairly early, say 15 minutes into the game. With these tethers you can pull objects together with the new Manual Retract Function.Weapons: Not much to say other than ammo is much more common throughout the world and there are many more weapons presented compared to Just cause 2. These can also be modded.Over All Gameplay: A very fun game, full of moments where you question what your true abillities really are! You may ask yourself whether or not you can accomplish a task, truth is you most likely can. The gameplay is rewarding and well worth your money (Remember it's in my opinion) and runs really smoothly....MOST OF THE TIME. This leads us to the bugs........*************. DEVS THIS IS FOR YOU..***************................BUGS:People will often play music but are not holding instrumentsWhen Slingsuiting up at afairly steep angle, Rico completely flips around backwards instantly making recovery difficultThe vehicle driving could use a bit of a touch up, but I think it's a major improvement over JC2!NPCs will sometimes vanish when a physical object hits the ground near them.HOPE THIS HELPS THE CAUSE~Blue JayMy Computer is a ROG ♥♥♥♥j and I run at around HIGH with 60 fps"
,Recommended,225540,20025598,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,bRiCk AnD jOiNtY,Amazing game simply amazing And I can now recommend it.... I had an issue when I first bought the game with half of the games textures not showing up but after doing a driver update for my video card they work now. I do recommend buying this game!
,Recommended,225540,20096554,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jaceper,Buys gameDownloads gameAfter 1 hour game finishes downloadingStarts the gameRealizes my laptop can't run itBe mad10/10 would buy AAA games to run on a laptop again
,Recommended,225540,19409887,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,FLO,"First of all, I'm running it on a i5 3.5ghz, gtx970, 20gb ram, triple screen 5980x1080 resolution. Also i run a usb audio interface, focusrite scarlet solo with good headphones (ath-m50x)Game runs super smooth maxed out, only motion blur disabled (for some reason i dont like that) and i get 37-50 and more fps. Latest nvidia driver as usual (no update after the game yet, way to soon, people are sleeping now everywhere hehe)It is awesome, super fan of jc2,and this is what i expected and much more than that. Looks gorgeous, sound amazing, runs well, good story so far, laughed a lot, characters are very funny, dialogue is funny, it actually reminds me of far cry 4,specially Hurk hahah. So far so good.Loving every aspect of the game, yeah maybe the cars handling would be a bit faster, but that kinda made jc2 handle fast cars kinda hard.Great shooting, great parachuting and sliding, the grapple opens up sooo much creativity it's crazy.Love the supply drop menu and everything that has to do with that.Ai is better in a way that is a bit less self aware than jc2 i guess, maybe o haven't played enough, cause i didn't yet :).I will post my experience here as a play more of the game.Mind that im a big fan, i only play this game, that's it for me. So i might be a bit biased, or maybe i dont care about random bugs or stuff that doesn't affect my gaming experience. Game crashed just once in 3 hours of play. No noticeable bugs other than that, everything runs smooth and nice.Thanks you avalanche studios.Wanted to update the review after playing it a lot more.Its absolutely fantastic, there is nothing out there like it, and it runs exceptional, also the DLC stuff makes the game soooo much more re-playable again and again. So much fun and so stunning. Text CANNOT make it justice, not even close."
,Recommended,225540,19639027,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,twitch.tv/orphanages_,Game Gets to loading screen and goes unresponsive... I have the minimum required for a Graphics Card i dont understand why it keeps doing this.
,Recommended,225540,19464939,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Consecratio,"Ridiculously broken at the moment for me, (R9 270X & Athlon 750K  8GB RAM) but tuns at a decent framerate. Only like half the worlds polygons load in.But I've played 10+ hrs like that and enjoyed all of it so it's quite good to me. It's essentially and updated JC2, more refined and some cool new things added.I reccomend the game, assuming that AMD/Avalanche get it together and patch the issues.12/20/15:Both AMD and avalanche released patches, and the game functions normally now, runs pretty well on my rig with settings somwhere between medium and high. Loading times are not so great for me however, I have the game stored on a 7200 RPM SATA drive, and I usually have to load for about a minute for everything, except the initial startup, which is more like 4 minutes. Not a huge deal, but it seems like the kind of problem an older game would have.Just beat the story and liberated everything, except for 3 settlements that I can't find, and don't seem to belong to a province.I can say I enjoyed the game, and I would reccomend it, however for 60$, I don't feel the content is diverse enough for the price. Each town you liberate is pretty much the same, there are a few types of military bases, but not many. There are so many of these that it kind of becomes a chore, and more so once you figure out how to destroy stuff the easiest.Another issue; in JC2, my favorite part was foing to and from missions, which isn't the case in this game, because my favorite way to get around was by eingsuit and fast travel, since the driving physics were bizzare to me. While you're in the air, the only things that makes traveling interesting are trees and mountains. By interesting I mostly mean difficult. As a whole however, I quite liked wingsuiting around Medici.As many people talked about around release time, the game world is huge, but the content is just spread out, making it somewhat artificially large. This doesn't bother me a whole lot, considering it's more reason to use the wingsuit, but it was something that I definately noticed throughout the game.Story is aggressively mediocre, but it didn't bother me at all. Everything is cheesy and over the top, whih is fun, but don't expect anything to wow you or interest you greatly.Graphics are fanastic, possibly the nicest looking game I've played, considering not jsut textures and polygons, but colors and art. Very pretty game.Overall I'd give it a hearty recomendation if you're willing to grind through liberatiing everything, and if you don't mind a cheesy story."
,Recommended,225540,19543886,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Superside ✦,Just Cause 3 was my most hyped game of the year ( I've never like fallout for some reason) and to be honest it lived up to my expectations. I feel bad for the people having issues with this game as my mediocre system runs Jc3 with the occasional frame drop/stutter. I believe this game is a worthy successor to Jc2 and my definate GOTY
76561198074855253,Recommended,225540,19467723,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Powshredder69,"Great game, dont understand the hate."
76561198236499850,Not Recommended,225540,20131304,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Veldmus,"Repetitive and bland.I'd rate the game a 5,5 out of 10 currently. The storyline was boring, not gripping and had little pay-off. What it tried to do (cliche humor, bad boy western) feels short, not fully fleshed out, and repetitive.It does some things remarkably well; water, mountain, tree graphics, explosions. The grapling hook and parachute are superb, switching between them is smooth and fun.Bad AIBoats crashing into shores, cars driving into the bridge (miss-aligned paths). Very few smart ai interactions; for example people wear bikinis in heavy rainfall. Dialogue, once again incredibly repetitive. There are quite some glitches, bad polygons troughout the map making me feel like and advanced beta tester.The main gripe with the game I had is it's repetitveness that sets in after just a few missions and towns liberated. The game really does not evolve beyond that which was set in JC2, it did advertise about advanced custumization options.Trees, buildings, open buildings, towns, biodiversity, police stations, vehicles, environment,; don't expect much in the way of ''world building'' aside from a gigantic map size here.Perhaps some redemption can be found in the online competitive leaderboards (no multiplayer in game) but alas as of writing even this is glitched and broken, JC servers are constantly on-and-off prompting a log-in process that takes a few minutes.The storyline directed toward some unsubstatianted plot points, as if to announce a sequel, a JC4 if you will. But after paying full price for this, I'm out of the JC experience. Sure for €10 to €15 the game, as it is now, would be worth it.EDIT: And to top this off today I also lose most of my progress from the Rebel Drop List, vehicles, weapons dont show up anymore because they are ''locked'' even though I have completed these military bases and tasks..EDIT2: Truly unvelievable, another day and today it appears JC3 is gone fom my pc! It prompts me to installation procedure when I try to start it up.."
76561198262654209,Recommended,225540,21885258,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,FaxsUshim 1,This game is amazing you can do enything that you want and you like a pro you can travel in the world with wing suit and do so much expolisions.
76561197978232684,Not Recommended,225540,28047518,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[Asgard] Thor,"This game is unique in that not only do you fight the army named DRM that is ruling over the ficticious country you are liberating, you will also be fighting the DRM code in the game that rules over your play experience. If you can't get connected to square enix's terrible servers, the game will forcefully pause the game every single time you check your map, start a mission, end a mission, or do anything remotely related to the UI so it can re-attempt to log you in for who the ♥♥♥♥ knows what reason. My guess is that competing with people online over scores such as most distance reeled in a single reel, most headshots in a row, and most explosions in X time period was so important to the game that the developers decided that everything else must be periodically halted so that these magnificient scores can be updated.If you are lucky enough not to have issues with the DRM, rest assured, there are other issues with the game. The controls for this game seem to be tailored especially for console users as moving the mouse around to look summons some sort of acceleration that is commonly used in games to assist console users as the control stick can't look around nearly as fast as a mouse can. This also seems to be the case when driving as when making a turn the car has some sort of lag effect before turning. Most of the time this causes an overshoot of the desired direction and then you need to steer the opposite direction which causes a rinse and repeat effect of overshooting again because no vehicle in the world operates like this at speeds less than 10mph."
,Recommended,225540,27973177,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fullmetal Maniac,Tons of fun. Bought it during the sale. It is exactly what I was wanting. It is a great game if you just want to get right into the action and start getting into shennanigans. Reminds me a lot of the old Mercinary games. I personally think this is a great addition to my steam library.
,Not Recommended,225540,23810831,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Maegor.exe,"EDIT: Not played this game for months and reinstalled it.Did they fix it with patches you ask?Is the optimisation better?Does it ♥♥♥♥ing work?Well I have a question for you: What INCREDIBLE feature did the developers add instead of fixing current features like the engine itself?THEY ADDED A MESSAGE WHEN YOU OPEN THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME THAT SAYS ""OH GUESS WHAT MATE? YOUR RAM IS LOW AND DOES NOT MEET THE REQUIREMENTS SO IT might LAG FOR YOU""SERIOUSLY!??!?!?!?!?! THE RAM ON THE STORE PAGE FOR RECOMMENDED SAYS 8GB AND THAT'S NOT ENOUGH FOR THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥!?!? I HAVE 8GB OF RAM AND MEET THE RECOMMENDED ON THE STORE PAGE BUT THIS IS A LIE?!?!?!?DON'T BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE 8GB OF RAM. THE STORE PAGE IS LYING THE GAME TELLS YOU THIS AFTER YOU BUY IT AND OPEN IT UP."
76561198023894564,Recommended,225540,29152781,Posted: 9 January,all,Coach,"Best Just Cause so far.  Enjoyed every minute.  You have so many options for traveling the large island.  Each option is just as enjoyable as the last.  Very happy I bought this game, and don't regret it.  Would recommend to anyone who has enjoyed a Just Cause game, or just enjoy exploring and causing chaos."
76561198015307033,Recommended,225540,30748895,Posted: 26 March,all,calcpinkthemassimatic,Thumbs Up!
76561198111280264,Not Recommended,225540,23882691,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,composerman04,"I have this on two PCs. The first one is an Acer Predator Desktop with an I5, 24 gb of ram and a Nvidia 735 in it. The game works great and doesn't have a single problem.My second computer is even beefier then that. It is an Asus ROG 501 and has an I7, 24gb of ram and a Nvidia 960 in it.  You wouldn't guess it was beefier because game runs as if it's on a stock computer with 2 gb of ram in it.So let this be a lesson that this game has a 50/50 chance of working for you which is sad since it is a AAA title.Devs are clearly trying to focus on DLC.5/10 since the devs only put half the work in on it. This is the last Just Cause game I buy."
76561198142294615,Recommended,225540,32981648,Posted: 29 June,all,Circuit8,"Great game. buy it if you love explosions, and who dosn't love explosions!??!?!"
,Recommended,225540,32991893,Posted: 29 June,all,MATi,"Spectacular improvements from Just Cause 2, better graphics, better grappling hook, better missions. A action-packed free roam adventure, what Just Cause 2 should have been."
76561198099324031,Not Recommended,225540,25178320,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sheep,"boring AF, if you're a fan of doing the same thing over and over, you'll love this game!"
,Recommended,225540,33028732,Posted: 30 June,all,falo,"Don't buy this for a story.  The story is simplistic, and the story missions are boring and horribly designed.  What you buy this for is the freedom of movement around this open world.  Slinging yourself from rock to rock, gliding through canyons, accidentally smashing into walls ... every second of that is fun.  Honestly, you can keep ramping up your heat level to 5 stars and have a whale of a time every time.  The side tasks (races, gliding challenges, destruction trials, etc.) are all actually enjoyable - far more so than the main story missions.Be wary, this does suffer from some really poor choices of keybindings, and some laziness in the port.  Any vehicle with turrets is a nightmare to use if you have low sensitivity - there's clearly something not balanced properly there and there's no distinct turret sensitivity setting.  There are also the occasional game limiting bugs which you'll have to turn to the internet to find solutions for - for example, there's a mission that's not completable unless you disable a certain upgrade that you get early on.Overall I rate the game positive, as long as you know what you're getting yourself into.  I bought this on a Steam Sale, and would certainly not have paid full price for it given the apparent lack of polish."
76561198027856421,Recommended,225540,26971825,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Marc B,"It's basically the same as JC2, but with wingsuits. Only major downside is hiding upgrades behind challenges that are too hard/impossible to complete."
76561197964984131,Not Recommended,225540,30135375,Posted: 23 February,all,X3r0,"One good thing the Just Cause franchise nails on point is sandbox f*ckery and being able to lose a few hours in just that alone. The wingsuit and grapple hook additions from JC2 are great and logical advances without taking away the core feel.As of this review, I only have 5 hours into JC3, but feel that it's enough to have an opinion since I have obscene amounts of hours in JC1 and JC2.Firstly, and it is said with good reason amongst every review, the memory leak and video glitches in this game are the worst I've ever encountered. i5 6600k, 16gb gskill trident, asus 1060 turbo 6gb, gigabyte mobo with pure ssd primary storage and I'm getting fps digs, force closes and rampant misc video issues (floating cities of lights in the sea that have no buildings?). Oh yeah, and its 2 years old. Inexcusable. I feel sorry for anyone that's battling this on a less spec'd system.Foregoing all of that malarky, I still rate it subpar to my experience with JC1 and JC2. The map is insanely repetative. I am willing to bet you will find more variety in JC1 than in JC3 in terms of unique areas, which is terrible. JC2 had an incredible map, filled with diversity and flow. The vistas were insipring to investigate. This, you look over at a mountain, and you think, ""well, its going to look like the ground I'm standing on here so what's the point"". There's something to be said about relating the story, and I understand, but surely there are other ways of handling that. I'll also point out that I swear 2/3rds of the map is completely useless, unwalkable cliffs and mountain sides.Controls, character movement, graphics and such are all done well. Combat mechanics are good. NPC involvement and immersion are definitely better. I've been playing GTAV lately so I feel that rating vehicle control is unfair because that game always wins that category (sadly, released twice as long ago). There are animals too which account for a hilarious time with the grapple hook :)My biggest complaint: WHY TAKE THE MINI GAME AWAY WHEN HACKING/STEALING/INTERACTING WITH THINGS?! Sure, it was a X, Y, B, A combo that was a little hoky, but it was unique, and offered a little more resistance than just pressing y and highjacking vehicles, or waiting for a countdown hoping you don't get shot.Anyway, long review short, avoid it. I got it on sale for $15, and I feel a little burnt by it, I'd be so angry if I spent $60 on this and can't believe they still justify that cost when they don't even fix it. Sometimes I don't know what's worse Steam, letting hoards of ""alpha"" titles through daily, or AAA devs port console games and give virtually no PC support.I'll probably play it just for the explosions until that dies away. The worst part is, I'll have to go back to GTAV and not have a grapple hook :(."
,Recommended,225540,33165171,Posted: 2 July,all,Coco,.
76561198312728262,Recommended,225540,33255247,Posted: 4 July,all,xRaptorXx,Boom. Explosions.
,Recommended,225540,33266781,Posted: 5 July,all,Spidey,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!I know you all are thinking everone is not recommending this and why am I? Here is why-The game is gorgeous, gameplay is awesome, and its fun playing it.There are some weak points like repetetive gameplay and lack in story, But trust me, if you love exploding objects, exploring the open world while driving car/boat/helicopter or wingsuiting from the top of the cliff or just parashooting and enjoying the scenery then this game wont disappoint you!Also one thing to remember, this game needs heavy RIG so if you don't have what it takes to run this game then you surely must stay away from this game, but if you got what it takes then GO FOR IT!"
,Not Recommended,225540,28355402,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,six_storm,"My biggest problem with the game, minus the extremely slow loading times, is that I was in the middle of a firefight and it told me that my Square Enix account was disconnected from the Internet.  WHAT?!  I have to be online to play?  Why does the game feel the need to tell me this and interrupt my game play?!  That is a deal breaker.  First time I've ever used Steam's Refund system, thank God for that.Don't waste your time on this one."
76561198120382965,Recommended,225540,33144607,Posted: 2 July,all,Tai Xai,The gliding challenges are pretty dank.
,Recommended,225540,33255812,Posted: 4 July,all,Heliodor,Game is fun but only buy if it's on sale otherwise get Just Cause 2
76561198367980204,Recommended,225540,33138581,Posted: 2 July,all,amirswordofdiamond,"Right... how to put this... This is the best game that I have every played, ever. Its in a class of its own. Its super fun and the graphics are great. There are tons of towns to liberate and bases to blow up giving you access to loads of different vehicles like planes, helicopters, cars, motorbikes, tanks and boats. The weapons are endless and insane! Snipers, machine guns, pistols, rocket launchers, you got them all!  The story is decent but the game doesnt focus on the story, it focuses on the explosions and you can tell the developers tried to make this as fast paced and crazy as possible.Now all of this is great... if you could actually play the game! The game is very poorly optimised and unpredictable. Its full of stuttering and lags espically when trying to liberate bases. This is apparently not an issue if you have 16 gb of ram but for most of us with 8... there is no point of booting up the game :(.In conclusion the game is great, better than any other i have played so far, but the performance of the game is terrible and the only effective fix to the stutters and frame rate issues is to upgrade to 16gb of ram. This game is so good though that I will actually be upgrading to 16gb of ram just to be able to play it."
76561198118148017,Recommended,225540,33148913,Posted: 2 July,all,Wo7lf-狼,Pros:*Gameplay is extremely fast and this feels good.*World is big enough to drive a car for no reason.*Story is kinda boring.*You can blow off your stress with that game.*You can drive a missile.Cons:*Driving mechanics are sooo bad.*AI enemy units are blind af.
,Recommended,225540,33185475,Posted: 3 July,all,AverageNoobGamer,Awesome Game :)
,Not Recommended,225540,33056265,Posted: 30 June,all,Josef Mengele,♥♥♥♥ Mario...
,Recommended,225540,33171486,Posted: 3 July,all,NeptooN,Lots of big boom booms... Need I say more...? Also this game is a really good stress reliever.
76561198048572977,Recommended,225540,23834850,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,158b,"It seems they have fixed all the rendering/grapics bugs, and it runs smooth.Absolutely fantastic game, I've only been at it for a few hours but its great! Its Just Cause 2 on steroids (better AI, better explosions, more dynamic environment, etc)Really really fun"
76561198068406560,Recommended,225540,19423788,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Obviously A Joker,"Amazing game!Played it since very first release 00:01 1st December and had no issues, runs solid 70+ on very high for everything!System: Intel i5 4670k | 780ti | 16bg RAMSo much fun, im currently 5 hours in and not very far through, 1) because there's so much to do and 2) because who doesnt love dicking about XDHighly reccommend"
76561198084425999,Recommended,225540,33273180,Posted: 5 July,all,abellyons,Just good fun and worth it on sale.Especially with the DLC9/10
76561198077751138,Recommended,225540,23484112,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Museman7 BETS.GG,"This game is just... amazing! Let me cover my favorite parts:The story is definetely not the best, but i still like it. When the game gives you an objective, ex. ""Destroy the enemy jets"", the game does not tell you how to do it, or force you to do it one specific way. Instead you have so many tools that you can use, JUST the way YOU like it.The game itself is REALLY fun, and you can go around wherever you want to.I never really lag too much, nor have any problems. If the game does crash, you lose no progress.Also, did i mention David Tennant voices a person in this game? That's right! The freaking Doctor! Almost every time you destroy a big base, you can listen to his wonderfull voice."
76561198073100181,Recommended,225540,23592692,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Naregatzi,"Game is great based on gameplay 8/10. However is suffers from peformance issues, not only on pce but consoles as well. Hopefully they have a fix for the performance once they get all the dlc out."
76561197971543337,Recommended,225540,23495124,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,scootor,"You've all seen the videos of the physics ""realism"" in JC3 (sarcasm). This game is fantastic for it's rock solid story line, in depth, witty, and totally understandable characters (No quotes, but still sarcasm).Obvious holes aside, JC3 is a very well done, sandbox kill-em-as-you-see-'em game. If you're looking for a game to blow off some steam while blowing away baddies, this is your game. If you want to see how one can soar like a bird thanks to the winguist, this game is for you. If you're ok with loose plot points, characters that aren't fully fleshed out and don't act like humans, then this game is for you.All that said, I really like it for a bit. Then I get tired of it for awhile. Buy if it's not full price, and enjoy your purchase."
,Recommended,225540,23612487,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Game Rebels,This Game Works But It Gives An Error If U install it in other computer
76561198162015056,Recommended,225540,23559831,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,cryomod22,Great Game works perfect on Alienware 17 R3 GTX 980m 8gb max settings resolution 2048 x 1152  60+ fps no glitches runs perfect
76561198082627605,Recommended,225540,23591349,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,LtGnar,"Game is a lot of fun, they added some of the better mods of JC2.   They core game gets pretty repetative after the first island and it seems like they just copy pasted the outposts everywhere on the map with slight differences..  I have a feeling they were rushing and figured the mod community would take care of the rest which im sure over time they will.Id give this game an 8/10.Solid action packed gameplay, but cmon guys put a little more effort into the diversity of out posts and enemies."
,Recommended,225540,24505125,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,DaddyJoker,"Great game, for some action-packed free-romaing fun. If you'd played the previous version, then you'll definitely like this one. Expansions are great, just not long enough. Load times could be better. Graphics are great, and the physics are excellent."
76561198079672995,Not Recommended,225540,23601057,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ed Balls,"The original game had problems with lighting, this was fixed far too long since release to be replaced with random sound cut outs. Optimisation is still poor with poor frames and stuttering. Dialouge is witty and well done but gameplay is repetative with having to clear out bases and the big fight at the end of each act. Wouldn't even recomend in a sale"
,Not Recommended,225540,23517216,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Captain Jack |,nothing new... All feels alike to previous game. No co-op/multiplayer added to official game.
76561198241317460,Recommended,225540,23495126,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Galaxy-Wrymling,"Pointless without new DLC. I have 12 gigabytes of RAM (recommended 8 gigabytes) and I can't even get past the first level. I thought to myself that I would complete the story for the actual game then move onto the DLCs. I don't want to be firing RPGs or machine guns that blow up an entire city block in one shot yet. Developers please patch! In all serious though what I have seen is amazing and let's be honest, MECHS ARE EPIC."
,Recommended,225540,24508371,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,..::INZU::.. /EST,Not bad at all :)
76561198088053998,Recommended,225540,33490947,Posted: 12 July,all,Tehchicken,One of my favourite games to date. I will never get bored of this game no matter how much time goes by.  With an active modding community and the multiplayer mod underway. A great game.
,Recommended,225540,19466197,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Benneth II,This game is great! I love this game! (Get it on console or it will kill your PC.)I think this is a brilliant game.
76561198035596836,Not Recommended,225540,33393636,Posted: 8 July,all,Incandescent Skeleton,No cloud saves and no way to recover corrupted saves. RIP 30 hours of progress that I'll apparently never get back because this game's save system is an absolute joke.
,Recommended,225540,20953779,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,leFtY,"Very good game ! Beautiful game , Awesome graphics , Good animations... But U need to have a pretty good PC to play this game... Only bad thing is that it doesn´t have MultiPlayer Mod yet...But they are working on it! AWESOME GAME !8.8/10"
76561198120346177,Recommended,225540,33568067,Posted: 15 July,all,Skreggy,I love the Just Cause series. I don't care if the physics are kind of messed up. (They get better with each game) They're so fun to mess with. I think there were a lot of great changes made to this game and love the wingsuit. I got this during the summer sale and love it.
,Recommended,225540,33615343,Posted: 17 July,all,✪ José,Great game would definitley recomend!
,Recommended,225540,33615017,Posted: 17 July,all,Remedy,Michael Bay Simulator
,Recommended,225540,28119517,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,★N1nja★,Awesome game
,Recommended,225540,29045710,Posted: 5 January,all,law-shon,best game ever
,Recommended,225540,27861544,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Funky Monkey ®,9/10To fix the Full Screen bug just go to nvidia experience and click Optimize!
,Recommended,225540,27870930,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Crynon,A total blast. Fun gameplay can get quite sparce at times but overall a great game.
76561198139709562,Recommended,225540,30099051,Posted: 22 February,all,burster,epic no bugs
,Recommended,225540,28394954,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dangerous Tangerine,"Game performs exceptionally well on my rig, pulling 80fps on ultra settings. Visually pleasing, it's a delectable bag of eye candy. Can't say much about the story though, considering the missions seem to be the all the same, with the liberation feature brought back from the first Just Cause. Get it when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,225540,28398564,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Minuteman,"No borderless fullscreen, no FOV adjustment, terrible controls, uninspired shooting mechanics, constant always online annoyances, awful UI, horrible driving physics. This is the first game I've ever refunded just because it was a terrible game. It's such a shame, it has great potential, but the execution of all of the features just falls flat. The second one is better in pretty much every way."
76561198033882786,Recommended,225540,28412111,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,qgtanton,"Good game! A little bit hard to handle the cars (better in GTA 5), but the possibilities are different."
76561198215498851,Recommended,225540,28505949,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DM™,So beautiful
76561198318125578,Recommended,225540,28515927,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,FANTA HERO,BEST GAME EVAAA
76561198236810850,Not Recommended,225540,27892271,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr ducky,One word.lag
,Recommended,225540,27918118,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hercules Rockefeller,"If you liked Just Cause 2 then there is just enough new stuff to keep you entertained. Worth it if it's on sale, if not, just wait."
,Recommended,225540,27743330,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,友利 奈緒,"It's like JC2, except better, so that must be a good thing."
,Recommended,225540,28908217,Posted: 1 January,all,DLCosmo,"Game is good, but get's boring quick."
76561198157867896,Recommended,225540,28732971,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bananyal,ExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosionsExplosions
,Recommended,225540,28866621,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,✪ Riyo -K-,Fun game for massive destruction lovers
76561198310329998,Recommended,225540,28903880,Posted: 1 January,all,Korndawg76,This game is amazing i waited until the steam winter sale to get this sense it was sixty dollers and got mixed reviews.If i had known it would be this good i would gladly pay sixty dollers for this.If you like good gameplay good controls and blowing  up vertually everything this is the game for you.If you like a rich story you will definitely not find it here in just cause 2 and 3 the story is pretty bad there are also a few bugs.Forgeting the story and the bugs this game is awesome i definitely recommend.
,Recommended,225540,28842548,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tiz l Lemonlon,"i am half way through the game and i wanted to write one before the sale end... if you love this genre or just cause 2 absultely buy it.the game is fantastic and even better than just cause 2the only down sides are the online checker whcih is hilla annoying, and the air vevhiles became 80% usless on both sides"
,Recommended,225540,28681941,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,JackPickleFisher,"Fun, pretty, almost well made game.So I've been playing this game for about 12 hours straight since I bought it, when compared to Just Cause 2, it feels much more alive, unlike the island nation of Panau, places you liberate, stay nice and populated and there are always cars on the road, so it feels more like a real place.I've had a lot of fun blowing things up as the devs really tried this time to make you care about the story just a little bit, but when you get a game that has a huge focus on blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up, you can't really expect me to follow the plot and remember who any of the characters are, I barely remember the protagonists' name, and that's only because they keep calling you by name, that's the reason I know his name at all, but it's so painfully irreverent, that you forget it instantly.Some of the design choices are questionable, I'm talking about the controls that take some getting used to, since the space bar is used to open the parachute on foot and inside cars, the handbrake is Shift, so naturally when you want to use the handbrake, you're going to find yourself jumping out of the car and opening the parachute, and you can change the open parachute in car to shift and handbrake to spacebar, but holding down spacebar will still open the parachute in the car, you have to change both on foot and in car settings if you want anything to work, so that's probobly due to the fact that this game was clearly developed for the consoles, and then poorly ported to PC, another evidence to that is how much of a resource hog this game is! I heard people with 980Ti and 1080 having problems with it, so me with my 780Ti had my work cut out for me, but when I started playing, it didn't seem bad, on ultra I got 30 fps, after some fine tuning, I got to 60... but they it started to rain! This game has one of the cheapest looking rain effects in recent years, but it just eats away at your GPU! From a good and stable 60fps, I got 5-10 when the rain started! After turning the water effects off, I got normal frame rate again. They are slowly fixing the issues with the game, so it's getting better.My final advice is: Do not spend full price on this, a developer that does a lazy job on a port, is one that does not deserve the 60$ price he asks for, if the game is above 20$, do not pay for it, I got it on sale for 15$, that's around the price it's worth"
,Recommended,225540,28494202,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,User_name.problems,"It's like just cause 2 remastered. I would recommend playing just cause 2 first then getting this game on sale. If you can get this game on sale then get it otherwise not really worth full price. i only got this game because it was on sale for £10.This game feels too much like just cause 2. it has the same story, There is a corrupt person controlling the country, you have to stop him. It would have been great if the story had a bit more imagination and felt like something new.Again i recommend playing and finishing just cause 2 before playing this, get this game on sale.edit: something i forgot to mention was that a change from jc2, instead of unlocking guns then upgrading them with the crates you find in bases and villages they have added these challenges which are your average time trials and shooting targets. You have to 5 star or 5 gear all of these to unlock all of the unlockables. These unlockables aren't hats ect. they are abilitys like having more tethers and being able to carry more grenades. It is a bit boring at the start and i found myself installing a mod thay unlocks them all. Not because im bad but because the challenges are either hard or just boring. The challenges are repetitive and get boring. I would recommend installing a mod that unlocks them all. LINK TO MOD:https://justcause3mods.com/mods/unlock-all-gear-mods/"
,Recommended,225540,28392049,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Aqualung,"Pros and Cons vs. JC2 (which I completed about 2 months ago):+Wingsuit.+Graphics.+Much better variety of weapons. The guys at Avalanche satisfied my hunger for a semi-auto assault rifle.+Much more likeable characters.+The ability to hear Rico Rodriguez, or Mexican Spiderman, say ""♥♥♥♥ YOU, MISSILE!!""+Much bigger map+Much longer storyline-Graphics. I usually experience sudden FPS drops whenever I start it up. Within 1-3 minutes, they're gone though.-$60 price tag (IT WAS RELEASED A ♥♥♥♥ING YEAR AGO VALVE).-No multiplayer mod (Thanks, Avalanche, for hiring that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥).-Much more dislikeable characters.-The ability to hear Rico Rodriguez, or Mexican Spiderman, say ""♥♥♥♥ YOU, MISSILE!!""-Much bigger map-Much longer storyline7-7 ratioSolid 9.5 outta 10Would drive on the sidewalk of a mountain road with bikini-clad bystanders again?Definitely."
76561198019315107,Recommended,225540,28133646,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,abheekg,Lots of fun and beautiful environment! HUGE map.
,Recommended,225540,27404391,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hitcher,Definately the best game if you want to strap a goat to the front of a bus...
76561198198615425,Not Recommended,225540,28034384,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,1027991665,"WTF???40RMB???i bought this f u c king game in original cost and without dlc......the most interesting part of the JC3 is being a f u c king spiderman,not destorying those f u c king constructions.if i can figure out this f u c king typewriting,i will use received Mandarin and Cantonese to say hello to your mom in different ways.and finally,thank you,then♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you."
76561197993849752,Not Recommended,225540,27879730,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,yudhistirs,"Still not optimized, constant stuttering and fps drops, graphics settings dont matter, stutter occurs even on low settings"
,Recommended,225540,27809528,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mikesynnott,unbelievable. just brilliant.
,Recommended,225540,27819006,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LΞGΞND,I believe i can fly
,Recommended,225540,29051040,Posted: 5 January,all,Sir,"I love the game!! Great Graphics, great gameplay, great everything! The only problem is that it is not multiplayer, although I dont have any friends who have this anyways XD!!"
,Recommended,225540,28749362,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,UTP kabel,"The campaign is lots of fun, the graphics are amazing and the weapons/abilities are so versatile. But once you complete the campaign, there's not much left to do. With no multiplayer, all you can do is run around getting collectibles or buy a DLC.In conclusion, the game has very little playtime without DLCs."
,Recommended,225540,28778816,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MrPsychedelic™,"I think this game is less of an action movie and more like a Michael Bay fever dream.You know you want this. Just go buy it, stop wasting time."
76561198238942682,Not Recommended,225540,28265949,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Sgt UndeadToast,"I love this game and it's amazing but it is unplayable for me and I get a lot of issues with this game, like the game didn't download correctly and my pc is very beefy.!"
,Not Recommended,225540,28271981,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,How Neat Is That,Denuvo is a huge problem with this game. Every time this game is launched and then closed it does not release the RAM that it has set aside for the game causing high RAM usage until my system is restarted every time I play the game.The game is also very tedious and boring as the gameplay is just the same thing again and again.
76561197991941034,Not Recommended,225540,28844118,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,kaspar.vit,"The optimization of this game is terrible. I am having AMD RX 480 and 16GB RAM, but during the game I am still having massive FPS drop. The game is quite entertainment, but after 3 hours of doing exactly the same it is not so funny anymore. Same quets, same cities, same enemies...The AI of enemies is awful and the whole game is full of bugs - tanks flying around, people stuck in the ground or enemies from sudden just appears in front of you. Another problem is ""Logging"" - the game keep losing connection to servers (my internet connection is stable), therefore I had to keep pressing button - ""Play in offline mode"" or something similar. I understand why the game wants to be online - for piracy check, some useless leaderboards and as I thought primary to keep my game saves (progress) backed up. Well, after 17 hours of playing this game I found out that how much I was wrong. Game just crashed and all saved data are lost. After searching on the forum I have forum I found out that I am not alone with all of these problems. Unfortunately the tech support of the game did not even reply.I really regret of buying this game. Please do not make the same mistake like me."
,Recommended,225540,28637674,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Andr1m0n,Game is nice but not well optimised.
76561198061524141,Recommended,225540,28633785,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,PrabhuHari08,"Just Play Just Cause 3 For blast,explosion,Fun"
76561197986907135,Not Recommended,225540,28700954,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Slavic Goodness,"Bought it on sale, but it's still not worth the headache. Game is incredibly buggy, with multiple story missions bugged. Unless they patch all these issues, do not buy this game."
76561198016590453,Recommended,225540,28113274,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,RomulusCreative,"Always loved this game series.... endless fun and destruction ... endless possibilities of exploration and discovery.  Just Cause 3 has way better graphics, more to explore and ways to explore them .. AI has always been my gripe about the game but its not GTA nor is it trying to be.. It does make it feel lifeless at times and very solitary but all in all a great game and a late review."
,Not Recommended,225540,28114652,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Positive Player 🎮💪,"Refunded.Gameplay is ok for me but Stuttering, Fps drop, Memory leak, Horrible driving, Online DRM. killed it.If it gets fixed I'd rebuy."
76561198012913126,Not Recommended,225540,29015019,Posted: 4 January,all,greenman224,Extremely repetitive with low incentives to play game until the end
,Recommended,225540,29140761,Posted: 9 January,all,Jack,"Really nice game if you like explotion with building debris detail and free roam. I prefer travel with wingsuit-grapple, than vehicles."
76561198141605009,Recommended,225540,28243619,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,SR | WJracer,"This game is one of those epic cutscenes that you wish you could be playing, however you control the action"
,Recommended,225540,27154470,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Razchik,"It's indeed an amazing game, it is exciting, thrilling an beautiful at the same time! It's designed so well and DLC's just keep on coming. so i recommend this game; JUST 'CAUSE"
76561198162409962,Recommended,225540,27803257,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,140Ping,This game is A TON OF fun but remember u need a gd pc to run it. the doesnt look if u play on low texture detail so keep that in mind. the game is a lot of dun but is repetitive and would definately reccomend this game if u just wanna have some fun and dont care about the story of a game. If u play with gd graphic settings this game is beautiful! The bugs have been fixed aswell. Overall i am having a ton of fun playing this so i reccomend it
,Recommended,225540,27814984,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kah1ro,"What looks like pure♥♥♥♥♥♥at first glance, is actually pure gem.Haven't had this much enjoyment for a long time.Recommend for buying for sure, especially on sale"
76561198140163774,Not Recommended,225540,28505627,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Charrúa,"My only reason for the downvote is the fact that this game is poorly optimized for the pc.And after doing some research you'll encounter a lot of people with the same problems MONTHS ago. It seems like the Dev do not care about fixing this games.My current issues are black screens, game freezing, freezing before or cutscenes etc. It makes playing the game impossible.I'm running it with a Radeon R9 390x. 16 GB RAM and the game still tells me that my ""Memory is below minimum requirements"". That's a joke isn't it?"
,Recommended,225540,28442391,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Banta Ray,"Before anything else, this is not a gameplay review. I cannot even run the game with my current PC setup. I would like only to point out that in the JC3 XL Edition trailer, one of the reviews is ""Nerd Cubed, 'Best Game Ever'"". I would like to point out that in his recent top 100 video games of all time videos, he placed ""The Best Game Ever"", at number 40. To top this, JC3 was beaten in the next video, by a Yu Gi Oh, a card game. So. Don't bother with ""The Best Game Ever"", guys, it isnt the best game ever. Sorry for any disappointment."
,Recommended,225540,28521488,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Groot,"Great quality, so exited..."
76561197977541657,Recommended,225540,28635682,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,alukaiser,"This really isn't my typical genre of game, but I finished the entire thing with about 85% completion.Look, it's really fun, esp. after you get the improved wingsuit. Sure it doesnt run like a dream and there are some frustrating bugs on the quests but whatever, I kept playing it and had a ton of fun blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Who cares if driving is bad, you never have to drive pretty much the entire game anyway. The only real complaint other than bugs is that the rifle options feel extremely weak compared to stuff like the eden gun, but maybe that's more a complaint about the bullet-sponge enemies. Either way this game is really fun, so whatever."
76561198128299920,Recommended,225540,28878483,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,XxKingKoalaxX,Amazing. This game is gold. If your thinking of buying this then you definetly should because beside what negative reviews say its such a fun game to just mess around and blow stuff up. Easy controls to get around and awesome storyline aswell as just having fun with the wingsuit. The missions are also amazing because they are all different and unique in a way. 10/10 definetly a game to get. I recommend getting it on a sale (I got it for ten pounds). Get this awesome game.
76561198168712527,Recommended,225540,28889617,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Polywash,"I have a low quality computer, so I'm used to some lag, but this game worked far better than the reviews said. This game got way more hate than it deserves, and to the people who say it's not worth $50, you can get the supreme ultra spectacle deluxe edition for $20 on sale. Here's some pros and cons.Pros:-Wingsuit-Blowing up bridges with cars on them-When a deer glitches onto the roof of a car that you're driving into the ocean and starts spazzing worse the a caffeine injected epileptic 9 year old-Your rebel pals will watch you kill their brethren while saying ""Yeah, Rico, keep up the good work!""-An actual good plot that isn't really necessary if you just want to cause (pun intended)Cons:-Those stupid ""protect Mario"" missions-Di Ravelo tapes-Falling down a mountainside after getting Shreked on a wingsuit-your daily dose of lag"
,Recommended,225540,28900466,Posted: 1 January,all,WrongWay,"100% Completed. A very fun game if you have a lot of time at your end and if you have friends who go ""Woah"" from giant explosions. Waiting for Just Cause 4."
,Recommended,225540,28814168,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pipeboy,All I can say is......      EXPLOSIONS!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,225540,28702847,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Shampod,Totally worth buying this game. love it.
,Recommended,225540,29088623,Posted: 7 January,all,Typys,"I bought this game during winter sales, I paid for it 12 and something €, and I think it was worth every cent. It is by far the most fun game that I've played in a while.You're basically a superhero almost immune to projectiles that completely heals in 5 seconds, you are trained to do everything, from flying a jet to hacking a SAM. Nothing will stop you.You also have a flying suit that can glide better than an aeroplane and a grappling hook that must have another dimension inside to contain the infinitely long cable.Don't buy this game expecting realisting gameplay nor a great storyline, buy it if you just want to unleash the ruthlessness that's in you."
76561197979444377,Recommended,225540,29108136,Posted: 7 January,all,Baldero,"This is a great game.  Many of the reviews talking about poor driving controls turned me off for a long time.  Honestly, you don't buy this game for the great driving.  The wingsuit is so much fun.  The tethering objects with the grapple makes for hilarious outcomes.  Many moments have made me laugh out loud.I bought it on Steam Sale for cheap.  Worth every penny."
76561198114742886,Recommended,225540,23366809,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,JetpackJoker,"I will start this review by saying that Just Cause 3 is a fun game with many cool things going for it and for that I reccomend it. To start with I will get the general pros out of the way.Pros:-many neat weapons and tools-Looks great-Ran fine(for me anyway this is of course a review of my personal experience. Either way if it runs bad look on the internet for fixes and if by the end it cannot be fixed return it that simple.)-Lots of island to explode-Fixed many of my problems with just cause 2-Collectibles DO SOMETHINGThis being said part of me feels this game was rushed and could have used more time to iron out the kinks.Cons:-Most chaos objects are copy pasted in almost every base making bases feel samey after a while-Most of the gear challenges (that unlock upgrades) are fairly uninteresting and do not feed into the games strengths (A.K.A blowing s*** up). Note: for some reason the destruction frenzy mode is the LEAST interesting somehow-There are very few story missions and the final boss (no spoilers intended) is garbage and feels like they never got around to making the boss that they wanted to-The optimal strategy to destroy bases is the least fun-As an add on to the weapons and tools statement that has to do mostly with weapons and not a huge amount of varied gadgets (roughly 3 main gadgets to play with)In the end I can still give just cause 3 a recomendation given blowing up everything in sight is a lot of fun, if samey and repetitive near the end."
76561197986358107,Not Recommended,225540,23210078,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Bgundam26,love the game played it when i can all the time it freezes my computer but sometimes it actually works love the game but hate the lag the freeze ups and when you pause it is complitly umplayable half of the time this game should have been fixed  before coming out do i recomend it if it worked yes but sence it dosent no
,Recommended,225540,19425029,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Arkieka,9/10
,Recommended,225540,19485360,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,The Frikin Chickin| kickback.com,"I get it. Many people are angry that they are lagging in game and it is unplayable. I have specs that barely make it to minimal, and i have a one gb graphics card. When i loaded in I got about 1 frame per second. I knew this would happen. So I LOOKED UP HOW TO FIX IT. Instead of complaining and not doing anything about it, TRY AND DO SOMETHING. And that is what I did. I found a video on youtube that fixed my lag and i can play at about 40 fps. That is a huge improvement. I expect that Avalanche Studios will try and optimize JC3 in the future, but reading everyones comments drives me mad. Heres the video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPozmQgnZOg"
76561198178405607,Recommended,225540,19486547,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,BlackMenaceSko 🌙,"""Best Game Ever"" - BlackMenace 2K15 and a slightly less famous guy called Nerd Cubed"
,Recommended,225540,19487417,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,| Birken-V!rscH |,dit is wel koel xD ik ben nick en  ik ben echt nen dikkn autist lol
,Not Recommended,225540,19463568,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,lǝgǝ,"Good, but so badly optimized. Not recommending to buy yet."
76561198100928888,Recommended,225540,19465345,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Mclovin,"just cause 3 is what pitch perfect 2 is to the original pitch perfect. pitch perfect was a very good movie it had a good story, performances, and comedy but in pitch perfect 2 they just capitalised on the performances and the comedy and they left the story and other good features out. thats what just cause 3 is to just cause 2 a game with great explosions, map, and graphics but they got rid of the good story and other great features that made just cause 2 an amazing game. im kinda on the fence about this game as far as wether i like it or not but i do reccomend it if you like micheal bay movies becasue its just a big micheal bay movie."
76561198111633502,Recommended,225540,19432084,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Prosper,"I really love this game. First of all I won't deny that I'm a Just Cause fanboy, so I might have some biases, but I'm intending this to be a hepful review. Just Cause 3 is kind of a ""Chuck Norris Blows Things Up"" simulator, set on an amazingly diverse map with all kinds of terrain, to weather, to mountains and even tombs or something like that which I haven't found yet. Compared to JC2 the driving was definately fixed. It's not GTAV driving, but all of the major problems from the last game have been attended to. The handbrake is actually usable in this game, the speed of vehicles is pretty satisfying over about 180km/h and you don't slide everywhere when you try to take a slight corner. The voice acting is very well done, and there are quite a few comic reliefes in what is said during cutscenes, missions, and just general civillian ai. My main focus is the Graphics though. Oh my god are the graphics nice. Even at the lowest settings this game looks better than most recent Assassin's Creed games. The one problem I have right now though is that since the game was released today, I have noticed that even with an ok but outdated pc (overclocked x4 760k & 750ti FTW w/ acx 2.0 8GB ddr3 ram) this game was very hard to run, even with the drivers nVidia released I was having issues running this game at a stable framerate over 30. I had to go to low-medium settings if I wanted to run at 1080p. I'm not marking the Devs down any for a rediculious amount of hardware demands from this spectaculargame, but it hasn't even been out 24hrs yet and there's still plenty of time to fix it. Another sidenote this game is a bit difficult to start up, don't try multitasking on a build similar to mine and play this game at the same time, there will be hell to pay. Edit, once left idel my game crashed and all 15hrs of gameplay was stripped from my life."
,Recommended,225540,19432100,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Bobynoby,Its a amazing game hands down!The explosions are amazing and it runs well on my GTX 960 2gb and my prossecor doesnt even have to work to play this (BTW its a i7 6700 skylake). Its sad though that AMD users are having there problems though so :(.Again! Amazing game and I hope you add more to it.
76561198093407905,Recommended,225540,19480862,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,It's Everyday Bro,"I was having fun playing the game, and I came back home from a long grueling day to play. When I come back my Fps, which is usually 60, is constantly 30 or less. I don't know what happened and nothing i've tried helped it. I have an i7 intel core 4720HQ and a Nvidia geforce 965 graphics CARD."
,Recommended,225540,19444711,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Hydra,"Boy am I glad I don't buy AMD graphics cards after reading the other reviews!Vehicle controls aren't great, but not impossible, with keyboard and mouse. They could be improved a lot. The mouse-look while driving is horrible, it fights the player all the time.Performance is great on a GTX 980 with everything at maximum, 1080p.The explosions are great, satisfying, I have played a few missions but I just ended up flying around in my wingsuit liberating towns, and enjoying the colourfulenvironmentexplosions!"
,Recommended,225540,19444951,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ShawnPR1,I've played this game for 100 hours (on the time of this review).98 of the 100 hours were spent attempting to log into the online server while I was deliberately playing the game in offline mode.The other 2 hours were spent trying to tame a motorized duck.10/10.
,Recommended,225540,19428083,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,KnH ~ Spitfire,Turning cows into fireworks.. best game ever.
,Recommended,225540,19428570,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,immediacy,"This is an amazing game and a phenomenal sequal to Just Cause 2. The graphics, gameplay, and hours of action packed fun speak for themselves, and I applaud avalanche for putting so much time and love into this game. I look forward to many more hours of play!"
,Recommended,225540,19429890,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[DBG] Carto,"I don't know why people are complaining about perfomance. I've got an i7 965 and a GTX 970 at work and the game runs beautifully on high at 5760X1200 across 3 screens. At home I've got an ASUS G751 laptop with an i7 4710 and a GTX 980M and it's running on Ultra @ 1080P smooth as butter.The game itself is an extension of Just Cause 2, the story is meh, the dialogue is pretty lame, the overall design of the game is ""ok"" at best. But the sandbox world and the physics alone are worth the money. I'm very happy with it so far and I'm sure with patches it'll just continue to improve."
76561198122892228,Recommended,225540,19963556,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sporky,Amazing
76561198011943763,Recommended,225540,19964030,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Goob,"Tethered a plane to the back of a bigger plane, flew them, sees mountain to close, blows up, and does it again.50/10           Would blow up again"
76561198082744706,Recommended,225540,23805498,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,matty.clifford,I waited for this game and hyped it for ages and I think the game delivers but im not saying its perfect it has it's graphical glitches every now and then and freezes sometimes but not very often. But playing this game is so much fun I'd be happy only playing this game and i haven't had a dull moment in this game. I'd recommend this game to anyone. It's also a great way to relieve stress because the game make you feel so powerful and blowing up all of those miltary bases is just so relieving.
,Recommended,225540,23832250,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Shadowrofl,Michael Bay Simulator11/10
76561198091242344,Recommended,225540,23874027,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Killcode50,Even the trailer off steam lags. best gae ever.
,Recommended,225540,29219395,Posted: 13 January,all,Nihohit,"Bestest, dumbest fun I've had this year."
76561198177552378,Recommended,225540,28759050,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,CreepyTea,"Ok so I love this game because its like gmod meaning you can do whatever you want. There are some pros and cons.Pros:-Great Graphics-Fps good (depending on pc)-Game mechanics improved-Amazing controlls (exept for the GE-64's seriously? Caps Lock?-Extrme improvements from JC2-Fun, Funny, and Explsions IntensifyCons:-still has chrashes-Missions are manditory and you cannot progress without completing them even if they are baisicly impossible-3rd PERSON ONLY!!!! come on at least add an extra First Person mode!-It can get kinda boring after a while of just liberating the same feeling basesFinal Word:Get the game on sale so if it crashes alot you are not at a loss if you have a PS4 or Xbox 1/ One S get it there so you dont have to worry as much about crashes. I dont have an Xbox one or PS4 so I dont know what might happen so I am going by my friend. Lastly GET A Arozzi Gaming Desk chair to play this so you can be in maximum relaxation while playing.Have Fun!"
,Recommended,225540,28519973,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Just For Fun,"Very nice and funny game with lots to collect. Nice world to discoverd by parachute, plane, car , boat, motor or by foot."
,Recommended,225540,28799273,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Doug E Fresh xX,Is a lot of fun if your computer can manage it.
76561198313624464,Recommended,225540,28825493,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[FFplz) Mr hobbit,Awesome game. I have played it for over 100 hours now and I will countinue playing it. I really recomend it!
76561198271048685,Recommended,225540,22080934,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,aaron.inventor,This game is quite enjoyable.With a long enough campaign however it can get a bit tedious with so much liberating of many islands but everything in the game is impressive.For the money it is reasonable good i recommend gettting the sky fortres dlc in additon once you get more into the game
,Recommended,225540,23956177,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Lycius,"A amazing sandbox game.  Don't buy it for the story, buy it to run (and fly) around a beautiful archipelago and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up for some mindless physics fun.Just Cause is like the wacky younger brother to Far Cry, like Saints Row is to Grand Theft Auto.  If you don't mind some goofy B movie plotlines and cheesy dialog you will enjoy this game."
76561198271074147,Recommended,225540,23860664,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,NightVenture,"I purchased Just Casue 3 during the Steam Sale. I knew this game got mixed reviews and it did not run very well on other's pc's, i  wanted to try the game myself.First Impressions:The game is FUN! You blow up stuff, liberate areas, although it gets a lil repetitive after a while. I've just got 2 hrs in my game as of writing this review & will definately play a lot more of this game. Loading times are also decreased (Thanks to the patch fixes & updates. I play on a HDD)PROS: If you like blowing stuff up, tether people to cars,buildings and detonate them to smithereens jump of the cliff with a car or perform stunts with a plane then this game is for you.CONS: It runs horribly on PC. Do not get this game if you're that type of person; 60 FPS or NOTHING! casue it's difficult to achieve that in this game. Unless you do some tweaks and play with the settings till it's stable for you to enjoy.I don't mind playing with minor stutters. Btw I'm using a GTX 750Ti & my avg fps is 48 on med-high settings @1080p.I'm also using 8 gigs of RAM, so minor issues of memory leaks. (which causes the game to stutter a bit)"
,Recommended,225540,21353690,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Herbs,Michael Bay's Sky Diving Sim.
,Recommended,225540,23358841,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Raur,FUNNNNNN
76561198036149810,Recommended,225540,23812485,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Diamond Cobra,the game is very fun i'll say that. i hope the devs will see this and fix it but every single time i get on it resets my controlls. now some people will say there are ways to fix this but i dont want to screw up the game so please game devs fix this. its the only problem that i am noticing so far and it's stupid i would recomend this about a 7/10 i would give it a 9/10 or heck maybe a 10/10 but that control scheme reseting put a pretty hard blow on the rating
,Not Recommended,225540,20712966,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,VIKING_OF_DOOM,♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimized.
,Recommended,225540,20735433,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Copy Paste,great game i love it
76561198145036886,Recommended,225540,20756041,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Magic Palps,I love this game and i dont have any fps drops and i run this game on ultra but i have a gtx 980ti
,Recommended,225540,20479803,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Patchateeka,Fun game. Each location presents its own obstacles to overcome. Graphics are great on GTX 970. I haven't seen any issues.
,Recommended,225540,25028320,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sorats,"As a big fan of Just Cause 2, I had been looking forward to this game for a long time, but after reading all the reviews of optimization problems and the Memory leak, I was scared away. At a recent sale, I finally got the courage to give it a try, and at six hours in, the only problem I've had was a small error in controls, one time, solved by restarting the program.Specs:Intel I-5 Quad@3.38g RamNvidia GTX960 4GMy machine was pretty good a few years ago, and the only upgrade I've done is grab a newer Nvidia card - The program does give me a message when I first load, saying that I don't have the recommended amount of RAM, but even at mostly High settings, the game runs great for me, and I'm having a blast.The game itself is very much like JC2. It's mostly the same feel, gun enemies down while blowing a lot of stuff up, but just like JC2, everything about it is satisfying. The grappling hook is much more powerful, and they've added a lot of quality of life improvements to the gameplay. (Fast Travel, if desired, and Vehicle mechanics are FAR better)It's no game of the year, but it improves the extremely satisfying open world gameplay that made Just Cause 2 so fun."
,Recommended,225540,28753669,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,rest in peace,quite a nice game with the story really quick played throughits a little unoptimized for pc tho :(
,Recommended,225540,27922321,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kfc,Its good
76561198169735079,Recommended,225540,28766123,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,LDCarpman1,"The best Just Cause yet! This game keeps the feel of the other two games we all loved, but adds so much including new gadgets such as the wing suit, which is incredible to play with. I recommend this game to anyone who likes blowing things up."
,Recommended,225540,21074172,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,tenx29,"Took a while to download, but it definetly was worth it!There's a lot of things to do before and after the game completeion. The story is great, and liberating bases, cities and villages has been a lot of fun.There's multiple ways to enjoy chaos and destruction, and epic fights are of course part of the game.Overall the game is great: performs well and looks good, but there is some bugs here and there such as lock-on weapons not locking on."
,Not Recommended,225540,28130604,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,›Bonje,"Wait for a sale. When this + DLC gets to 10-20$ grab it.-Pros.Wingsuit feels amasing.You get to blow stuff up, and the explosions look preaty.Easter Eggs-Neutral.Graphics look ok for the most part but can look quite terible a times especially in military bases (you know the places you will spend 60% of your time).-Cons.Story may as well not exist, not that it did in the first game but JC3 doesn't even try..DRM, in a game where you fight goons that are part of DRM. A+ on irony..Driving is pointless and is basically a chore.Checklists of things to blow up for game progression, which as fun as it may be, gets boring quickly considering the number of bases and some realy finiky sections where you have to activate certain things to start a timer during which you have to blow up other things..Abismal performance when anything involving physics happens @ 1920x1080 (I7 4790K @ 4.0Ghz, RX 480, 16GB DDR3 1866).THE STUPID REBEL DROP SYSTEM..Camera, when using the wingsuit, positions it self quare agaisnt Rico's buttocks... Let me see the scenery damn it..Absence of FOV control and the camera is way to damn close to Rico.Groud combat is reminiscent of that time where I attempted to wrestle a Walrus. Very sluggish due to the movement being so slow.Notes:.While DLC is something that was done in the second game, I still hate the implementation of it in the 3rd.Playing with a controller is a death sentence.No multiplayer.... (seriously why didn't you add it seeing how much people enjoyed JC2 MP)Final verdict:6/10: Best. Wingsuit. Simulator."
,Recommended,225540,19411784,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,God bless America,"I love this game. It is really cool to blow up every freaking thing. Medichi - some sort of country in the Mediterranean, that`s just the parody of Italy, but it`s a good parody. Vast fields of sunflowers and lavanda make this game really beautiful. Hey,Avalanche Studios! I just wanna say ""thanks"", thanks for this beautiful game, I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR IT SINCE MAY.10/10, waiting for JC4"
,Recommended,225540,19552858,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,coolsacha,"Run it with my AMD 8990, installed beta drivers, no more problems at all i can enjoy the game and its great..."
,Recommended,225540,24046906,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,QWeb02,"I came here to say some stuff about Just Cause 3. For me, it worked. I have an ASUS computer, a GTX 960 graphics card, and 10 GB of RAM. It works great and I love the game. I got most of the DLC and it is a great game. I hope everyone who sees this at least gives the game a try. If it doesn't work, refund it."
,Recommended,225540,24070877,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,EricBrute,"I bought Just Cause 3 because i really enjoyed JC2. I was worried about performace issues and crashing, but was greeted by an amazing running game. I get about 110 FPS on a factory clocked 980ti, with all settings maxed, expect AA which is on 8x. Gameplay in JC3 is amazing and feels great. The Wing suit and added teathers allows for all new methods of fun. The grapics are great, and the world is large and gorgeous. Just Cause 3 has tons of gameplay for the player to enjoy, There are new collectables, challenges, vehicles, and all sorts of shenanigans. When compared to Just Cause 2, JC3 has way more content and better graphics. JC3's map is roughly the same size as JC2, but has a decent amount of ocean. I found this game to be way more fun than JC2. I havent encountered any memory leaks or performance issues. The only downside i found with JC3 is is low FOV. There are mods to adjust the FOV, but none of them worked for me, this issue aside, I heavily recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed JC2....  PC Specs: Intel i7 4770k, 16gb Ram, Reference 980ti at factory clock. With all settings maxed (8x AA) i get 110 fps.. AMD users beware, ive heard rumors about horrific FPS regardless of settings."
,Recommended,225540,23935271,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,V-Boss,"Spoiler FreeSo at the time of this review I’ve sunk 24 hours into this game, and there are a few things to say;Quick ReviewDon't expect an in-depth storyThe wingsuit is by-far the best feature.The PC Port is not great.Gets repetitive really quickly.Just Cause 2 + Wingsuit = Just Cause 3Try it before you buy it.StorySo at 24 hours, I’ve done a fair amount of the story, not because the story is long, but because I’ve put off doing most of the missions, they really are not that interesting, most of the time it is protect this, blow up that, so if you're looking for your next story game to get immersed in, look elsewhere...GameplayLet’s get right to it, the wingsuit, by far this games more redeeming feature, it is A JOY to use, whether it is flying through tunnels or over large (what I presume are) vineyards it is always fun and lovely to control.The gunplay is fairly similar to Just Cause 2, fairly standard to use, my only minor complaint is the crosshair, but regardless of that it is fairly enjoyable for the most part.Driving/ Flying is again similar to Just Cause 2, Easy to use, feels good to control, it just really isn't as much fun as when you wingsuit...A thing worth mentioning is the infinite C4, this is a nice addition and makes blowing things up that little bit nicer and easier.Gear ModsNow the upgrade system in this works of ""Gear Mods"" which you get for completing challenges, so doing a wingsuit challenge unlocks some gear mods for the wingsuit, and so on. I don't like this system, it makes the game very grindy, and can take a while to get some of the better ones. In-fact I’d probably say this is my least favorite feature.""Stuff to Do""There is a huge amount of stuff to do in Just Cause 3, the map is divided into provinces and areas, and within that are bases and settlements to take over, you also unlock challenges from when you ""Liberate"" an area.HOWEVER, as we all know Quantity does not equal Quality, this task gets repetitive really quick, as much fun as it is, it is essentially the same ... every time.PC PortMy PC SpecsCPU: Intel Xeon 1240 v2 3.4GHzGPU: GTX 970RAM: 8GB DDR3Now.This is where it starts to fall apart a little. As the specs above show, my machine is pretty powerful, However, I suffer from some performance issues that irritate me. I try to maintain at least 60 FPS on all my games, but this will drop very occasionally but when it drops it is noticeable, which is the more irritating thing.Another thing I seem to be suffering from is a strange occurrence when the game will make itself Windowed (I'm normally running Full screen), and then sometimes minimize itself as well, this happens REGUARLY and gets very annoying while playing, it might be my setup, but I have never had this problem on another game.Final ThoughtsOne thing of note. If this game did NOT have the wingsuit, in it, I’d probably recommended leaving this game and go pick up Just Cause 2 for a good price. But the wingsuit is so VERY nice to use, and the game can be very satisfying at times.Quick Points;Q. Is this Game going to change my life?A. No, not really, just a play around fun sandbox game.Q. Is it worth Full Price?A. No, not even slightly, Don't get me started on the DLC either.Q. Buy it, Try it, Leave it?A. Ehhh... Try it, then if you like it, buy it on BIG discount."
76561197996080721,Recommended,225540,29994723,Posted: 17 February,all,The_Duke_of_Citrus_Acquisition,"Do you like pointless mayhem?  Random destruction? Mechs?  Infinate explosives?  If you do, buy this game.  It can be repetitive, but at that point you go steal a jet a bomb everyone.  That or attatch rocket mines to npcs and laugh as they fly into space.  You see a lot of people crying about how bad this game runs.  I will say that I have not had a problem, but I have a pretty beefy computer.  Do not buy if you are going to run this on a toaster, it will not work."
,Recommended,225540,27005943,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kokomo bois,Pretty good I guess
,Not Recommended,225540,29048748,Posted: 5 January,all,kendorlian,"There are some things i like at this game but i can't say it was worth the buy: it is unrealistically (way too much for my liking), it has a lot of bugs and unmemorable characters. The strongpoint of Just Cause 3 is the gameplay so if you are willing to buy a game especially for that then go on with this one."
,Recommended,225540,27501740,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,g4r15 / chinmi,i love this game !!!
,Not Recommended,225540,30123260,Posted: 23 February,all,D3str0y3r 176,"At first dont be so stupid to buy the Game, I just bought and installed it and as I tried to run it it crashed in the online conection screen and i couldn't even tab out or open the task manager it blocked my whole system and I had to hard reset my pc. After verifying the game files and the third try i searched for the problem in the internet and many others had exactly the same problem and I found out that the developers just give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about it so I can't say if the game is good or bad because I can't play it and no one has a method to fix it and the developers simply dont care."
,Not Recommended,225540,30131441,Posted: 23 February,all,Ghost,DONT WASTE YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY ON  SOMETHING THAT DOES NOT WORK OR RUN PROPERLY LIKE THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥sincerely- Extremely Edgy Teen
,Recommended,225540,21959626,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Scrumb,"It's like if Spider-Man, Batman and Rambo somehow had a child together and his favorite hobby is scavenger hunts."
,Recommended,225540,21720454,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,JakusMyCakus™,"Game worked fine before the recent update, I would get more frames per second if you shot them on a disposable camera and air-mailed them to me.Other than that, amazing game, 10/10 would aid civil war again."
76561198090972493,Recommended,225540,25488438,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Boomer Lizard,Action Movie The Video Game
76561198019604636,Not Recommended,225540,23014789,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Noodles,"Just Crash 3...What a pitty, A good game gone bad due to techincal difficulties."
,Recommended,225540,23806667,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LegeNd,Getting the game to run was a pain. Its still not very optimised but i can get 60FPS current. Well worth the money now and wait for future patches. 10x better than Just Cause 2.
,Recommended,225540,24027601,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Osprey,"Game works fine for me and I usually even get 100fps with it maxed and no stuttering like some are saying.  I even ran it on my razer blade stealth ultrabook with my core (only 8gb RAM) and it still worked fine no stuttering.  It's fun too so if you a recently upgraded/built PC, you should be able to enjoy it.Specs:gtx 1080 G1 OC modei7-3820 @4.0ghz/3.1ghz on stealth turbo16gb RAM/8gb on stealth"
,Recommended,225540,24181007,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Teki,+Mouch to do+Big map+Looks awesome+Many Eater Eggs+Makes fun-Sound bugs
76561198183652434,Recommended,225540,24283790,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Simon45,"Best game ever played! because you can do whatever you want in the game, ex attack bases without starting a mission, fly around the map and bomb bases or citys. the game have also many nice sports cars. this game feels real when you play it, its like you are in the game. The graphic in the game is so nice when you have in on high, becuase the vehicles and buildings and nature are so good and looks so real. I recommend this game for players how likes action, adventures, a whole open world to move on and a good humor. you must buy it!!!!"
,Not Recommended,225540,23935792,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,VersaceGardener,"I thought People were exagerating about technical issues, but nope."
,Not Recommended,225540,21313494,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,swtt.,"Dosent run for me, waited years for this game. Says its working in the Task Manager yet nothing loads and i can wait 10 minutes. Still nothing. Ive tried to reinstall and do a drivers update. Dosen't work."
,Recommended,225540,21923540,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Bernt Bög,Loading time was longer than the actual story
,Recommended,225540,22868062,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Glitch,"Have you ever wanted to destroy the mexican enemy without breaking a sweat?Have you wanted to rule the roost of a corrupted country while destroying any of those who oppose you?Would you like to see those you hate burn?Do you hate politics and reasoning?Well, if you said `yes` to at least one of those god awful questions D̶̷̲̅ᴏ̶̷̲̅ɴ̶̷̲̅ᴀ̶̷̲̅ʟ̶̷̲̅ᴅ̶̷̲̅ ̶̷̲̅T̶̷̲̅ʀ̶̷̲̅ᴜ̶̷̲̅ᴍ̶̷̲̅ᴘ̶̷̲̅ ̶̷̲̅S̶̷̲̅ɪ̶̷̲̅ᴍ̶̷̲̅ᴜ̶̷̲̅ʟ̶̷̲̅ᴀ̶̷̲̅ᴛ̶̷̲̅ᴏ̶̷̲̅ʀ̶̷̲̅ ̶̷̲̅   *cough* i mean, Just cause 3 is for you!well if im honest there about the same arnt they? just think about it ok..."
76561198056008196,Recommended,225540,21779702,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Dj Optimus Rhyme,"DISCLAIMER: If you did not enjoy JC2, this game most likely wont apeal to you. I personally did not like JC2 the most, but this game changed my mind.Pros:+Great Physics engine+You can do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you want+Wingsuiting+Enhanced tethering+Very vibrant and colorful island+WingsuittiiinnnnngggCons:-Laughable story-The gear mod challenges are a joke. In a game based entirely around the fact that you use your tethers and the environment to complete your objectives in the most contrived way possible, you are tasked with ""fly through x many rings to get points to unlock content"". Great Idea guys...-Liberating settlements can get repeptitiveOverall, after having completed the game, and liberated every settlement, I find myself coming back to this game time and time again, just to fly around the beautiful world, drive the cars, and spawn♥♥♥♥♥♥in to blow dudes up.If youre into that, this game will be fun, if not, and if you did not enjoy JC2, this game sadly will get stale very quickly."
,Recommended,225540,21577846,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ChikinStrip hellcase.com,"I dont even know what to say, this game has been on my wishlist since december. The story is not that good as many say, but if your computer is good enough, this game has fun that can last for months... no, even YEARS. i suggest if you have this game to get challenges like ""tether a plane to a helicopter and fly high into the air, jump off the helicopter and land onto the plane and fly off"" to be honest, this isnt the hardest of things. this game can pack alot of fun, the explosions are great, sunsets are beautiful. and must of all. MODS. that will last you alot of fun. as you read this, people are developing mods for this game. if you dont like story heavy games, this deserved to be at the top of your wishlist. I RECOMMEND JUST CAUSE 3. Get it nowwwwww.or if u dont wanna thats fine too. But u should"
76561198110918003,Recommended,225540,21566439,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,MrStal0ne,"A game about blowing stuff up, collecting, stupid sh!t, and a story line thats as intresting as as one of jinxes videoes  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)     Overall... its a pretty good game in my opinion."
76561198118678485,Recommended,225540,21802476,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Swan,"Well, well, well...Just cause 3ProsExtremely funallows heaps of freedomcan do anything in any periodalways something to domissions aren't repettitve.game looks greatHuge mapWingsuit + Grapple is awesomeEXPLOSIONS 111!!11!!!!11NeutralLoading times arent that badAlways onlineConsHardware demanding (30-60 fps on med with a gtx 770)Frame drops/stutteringcar and vehicle physics aren't greatCrashed 2-3 times so farAll in all its a great game and worth buying, especially if on sale. Make sure your computer can handle it, and be prepared for some stuttering on older/lower end PCS."
76561198169027529,Recommended,225540,21497241,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,cheeseporn,Fun game and a lot of crazy ways to play. Gets a  little bit repetitive after 30+/- hours. Still recommended!
,Not Recommended,225540,22996541,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,kornman00,"When the game first came out it ran great on my top-of-the-line-as-of-2012 machine, assuming you blocked the game's stupid leader boards from running. Then they patched the game and fixed leader boards slogging down the game.Except in the process they made something else in the game make it run like absolute crap. Even at minimal settings and lowest resolution. You basically have to buy this for console if you want to enjoy it :\"
76561198164972945,Recommended,225540,28561649,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,JesusChristPT,"No performance issues.60fps+ @1080p on a MSI RX 480 Gaming X (not oc) and a FX-8370 @ 5.0 Ghz.Game is in the Top 3 I've ever played, being those:1. The Witcher 32. GTA V3. Just Cause 3I got the game on Sale since I saw many negative reviews regarding the performance on high end pc's,Best decision ever. Well worth the €60 or more.Buy it. Blow stuff up. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,225540,28162369,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Warma,Fun game
76561197999689714,Recommended,225540,24084738,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Echasketch,"These action games always pull me in, similar to Farcry, but much better voice casting, cutscenes, and humor. It builds up each character so you enjoy the story more as well as the beautiful island these designers have created. On max settings the views you get while soaring around are really impressive for a video game. Thankfully im not a completionist or this game with all its hidden extras to get 100% would drive me insane. I do love how big everything feels, even with a helicopter or plane, you're traveling a bit, and while there is fast travel, you're not using it constantly to get from A to B and ignoring whatever else is out there. Combat is fun, while liberating towns is repetative, it's always great to try and see how many ways you can string up soldiers, or blow up a series of cars and gas stations."
76561198191538726,Recommended,225540,32915266,Posted: 27 June,all,Rotten Robbie,Play the game Ｊｕｓｔ　Ｃａｕｓｅ I said so
76561198172674849,Recommended,225540,29049629,Posted: 5 January,all,NinjaStar650,"Just Cause 3 is an insanely fun open world game about blowing up bad guys and it doesn't try to be any more than what it is.-Fun and inventive gameplay (Wingsuit/Parachute/Grapple hook combo makes traversal fun and easy, ridiculous weapons and vehicles to be unlocked)-Massive open world (Full of fun Easter Eggs to find and fuel tanks to blow up)-It does have a pretty somewhat generic story with a TERRIBLE final boss fight-Performance issues...Overall, really fun"
,Recommended,225540,33042415,Posted: 30 June,all,Doctapixel,Great game! So much content to have fun with. The thing I mostly like about this game is that you can spawn in and go blow up a base in one blow!! Highly recommend this game to anyone that is thinking of getting it.
,Recommended,225540,33011220,Posted: 29 June,all,General CadBane ||{ρ.ω.ι.}||,this game is great it's just like the others but different story i am a just cause fan because............ Just CauseControls are great and i shoot and hook and drag people up to top of the building and you get a freaking WINGSUIT =)
,Recommended,225540,27806013,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CloudWolf,GET THIS GAME!!!!!!The exploisons are so good it is the best game i have ever played way better than GTA5
,Recommended,225540,32859290,Posted: 27 June,all,Yin,its cool but iit crashes a lot
,Not Recommended,225540,28398139,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Omikias,"Save your money and Pass on this game. You enjoy playing the same challenge modes over and over again for a ""sense"" of progress? You enjoy having lots of the game locked until you collect Gears from said challenges? You enjoy obnoxious leaderboard notifications and constantly having Square Enix remind you to login and will blatently pause your game if your internet even FLICKERS?! Well, if you said yes to any of those, get it on sale. For me, it's aweful. Aiming is more of a ""spray in general direction,"" none of the movement systems in the game feel ""fluid"" or good to use, physics are a joke, and being constantly♥♥♥♥♥♥knocked for passing on challanges irritated me beyond belief. Getting my refund, and calling this a Pass."
,Recommended,225540,32662546,Posted: 22 June,all,Vizaks47,If you like blowing up everything you see this is your game.
,Not Recommended,225540,20212268,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Wadey,"So, I bought Just cause 3 based on the cool exploding and grappling gifs I have seen posted across the world wide webscape.However, when I finally got the game installed i found the game really choppy with massive drops in frame rate. The combat was simple with nothing much unique or special to it.First game I have asked for a refund for. Played it for 30 minutes. Wouldn't buy it again."
76561198273984872,Recommended,225540,32872531,Posted: 27 June,all,➱bond➱,"Overall a great game, but you will need a good PC to run this."
,Recommended,225540,32960397,Posted: 28 June,all,Nibblerz™,10/10 To be honest i deserve more of a challenge but the games explosions made up for that. The flaws are easily ovepowered by the massive destruction that rico leaves behind I recommend!
76561198366798079,Recommended,225540,32042181,Posted: 29 May,all,Zekushido,This game is awesome....
,Recommended,225540,32400633,Posted: 13 June,all,PhxSlayer,One of the best games to date.  Physics are super fun.  Love the DLC and the rocket pack.
,Recommended,225540,23489410,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,MXGE,"This game, while not optimized well for PC, is definitely worth the money, specs asideIf you include the specs you need to play this game well, then it's still worth the moneyIf you buy this game while having not the best specs, you'll hate the gameBecause Just Cause 3 has so much action stuffed inside a game, that it'll lag your computer to♥♥♥♥♥♥My specs:Intel i7-4790K CPU @ 4.00 GHz32.0 GB of RAMSamsung 256GB SSD2 ASUS GeForce GTX 980's, 4GB each, Dual SLIEven with all of these specs, this game still lags at times due to the horrible optomization, and it's clearly made for console people, as the game even has a Precision Aiming Mode, and your guns occasionally lock onto targets (Although it's hardly noticible)Even with all of the downsides I've listed, this game has to be one of my, if not my number one favorite game.The action is intense and keeps goingThe grappling hook keeps the fun level upAnd even the characters are unique and fun, with enough personality to keep them from getting annoyingThis game is a masterpiece, and although I may only have 35 hours in the game, I'll definitely be playing much much more of this fantastic piece of art.TL;DR - Get this game, it's fun, but don't if your specs barely meet the minimum."
76561198077940612,Recommended,225540,21561558,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,[7thWI(Co.B)] 2ndLt. Axxerr,"luckly, I never ran into any of the bugs that people were complaining about, so without that I can say this game is a real blast (pun intended)."
76561198205887631,Recommended,225540,33484576,Posted: 12 July,all,Evanco,"If this game was a movie, it would be directed by Michael Bay."
76561198284408414,Recommended,225540,30074810,Posted: 21 February,all,(╭☞•◞ •)╭☞Mushroom,"I dont know why you guys say this game is so bad, because i think it's the best. Filled with everything you would want in the game and amazing graphics, the game is just unreal."
,Recommended,225540,33457788,Posted: 11 July,all,horcruX,"COOL GRAPHIC, but lot of RAM problem tho"
,Recommended,225540,20459315,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Bart Simpson,really great game lots of fun and the grapple feature makes it a fun original game!
76561198078303849,Recommended,225540,33379013,Posted: 8 July,all,n.shar,"Do not let the negative reviews prevent you from buying this game.This is game all about EPIC EXPLOSIONS.The story is also fun, there are a lot of things to do, it has a huge map with many areas to discover.Also it has it all: air, sea, tanks, cars,.. you name it.The graphics are really great as well.Out of grenades? no probelm, just have the rebels send you a tank from the sky!"
,Recommended,225540,33384743,Posted: 8 July,all,Samuel A. M.,"If you like total mayhem and destruction, look no further.This is it.Be a vigalante of sorts, or pretend your Batman. It's all good."
76561198302876088,Recommended,225540,33187971,Posted: 3 July,all,GRS_17,"for those who like an chaos game,this is very recomended"
76561198086125734,Recommended,225540,33066043,Posted: 30 June,all,General Winter,"NOTICE: issues are still present, but most are minor and easily fixable; however each PC is different so i can't say for anyone specificlyprosdo things just causetons of stuff to dotons of vechiles and weapons in addition to the famous grappling hook of the seriesmindless actionconsno diffuculty setting, core game can sometimes feel easyrepeatative, not as dull as a typical ubisoft open world game, but liberating cities can sometimes feel like it after you did the same thing ten times overport issues; though in my experience they can be overcome by resetting steamneuteralstory is 2D, though given nature of the game i wasn't expecting muchenemies are overall meh, just guys trying to shoot you, nothing crazyas you can see, i burned through the whole game's mission in less then a week with 30 hours time, was basically on crack playing this game, its great and you should get it or just cause 28/10 great game, but leaves things to be desired"
,Recommended,225540,33070900,Posted: 30 June,all,Smashed Avvo csgolive.com,Super fun if you like blowing stuff up
76561198117767937,Recommended,225540,33075325,Posted: 1 July,all,1843632894,嘛 带入自己的中二感去玩 感觉很有趣，预购版之后一直在等新DLC出来 每一款虽然是类似于 “赚钱”方式的 DLC但是至少能带给我很长时间的欢乐感 个人觉得不错值得推荐
,Recommended,225540,33077144,Posted: 1 July,all,Pepperedmoose,"some aspects of 2 shine through, some you just get used to. still pretty good."
,Not Recommended,225540,33569982,Posted: 15 July,all,[NGU]Green Z'Rath DND,"Now dont get me wrong, the game is amazing. The only thing that really kills it, literally, is anything you do in game is saved on a local file. Which means, if you do anything to your computer, you need to back it up. This also means, such in my case, the game can completely start over, from scratch, after grinding so much time into this game to level up your modifications, get cool items, blow stuff up, and collecting all the easter eggs and tapes. When I got on I expected it to be in working order but I got it back to the beginning. So this game is gonna have to stay at this review until they add a save feature."
76561197993330673,Recommended,225540,27369041,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Randin,Medici Rules! well at least what left of it does.Hours and Hours of Fun!Over the top and the game knows it!
76561198242084920,Recommended,225540,28930752,Posted: 1 January,all,L.Ron.Hoyabembe,"Runs Great after patches on my GTX 980, Game goes BOOM BOOM!"
,Recommended,225540,20317012,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Rabs | kindledcases.com,Best. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,225540,27967439,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,UNskylled,"Awesome game, try it :)"
,Recommended,225540,27961463,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Java_SE_Binary,"I am personally very happy with the way this game has turned out and have found the DLC worth it, even though there are some stutters, I still absolutely love this game."
76561198058915517,Not Recommended,225540,29996322,Posted: 17 February,all,Solokeh Krontos,The absolute epitomy of a♥♥♥♥♥♥cash grab.DO NOT ♥♥♥♥ING BUY.
,Not Recommended,225540,23152863,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Rexor mg,"seperate control category for on foot and vehicle, but when trying to change one, it applies changes to other. i want handbreak to be space bar, but parachute is mapped to space, trying to change option for vehicles also changes on foot controls, which is driving me nuts. Also, precision aiming is an unlockable skill, instead of basic game controls, which is ridiculous"
,Recommended,225540,19410100,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,taiyoctopus,"First Impressions:I'm having a lot of fun with the game so far.Pros:-HUGE MAP!-Nice Graphics!-Better flying and driving, though driving still feels a little lacking sometimes.-Good gameplay improvements over the last Just Cause.-Endless fun.Cons:-Poor controller support, not able to change sensitivity of analog sticks (chore to do precision aiming with guns etc), seems like the xbox one controller has huge deadzones in the analog sticks more than any other pc game i play with controller... (could be my imagination)-Need a fairly beefy system to run w/ consistently good frames on higher settings (I'm running it at 1600x720 on high settings... 60fps dips to 45 once in a while.) using GTX 770 2gb, 4790k 4ghz i7, 8gb ram. (pretty sure its my GPU memory that is lacking the most, only thing that I don't meet the recommended settings for.)-skill tree seems a little bit lackingWill update once I put some more hours into the game."
76561198252698718,Recommended,225540,30906219,Posted: 2 April,all,Weekend_Tea,"I write reviews in two ways a short to the point one then a longer detailed one so you know if you want to read in detail or a light skim read. Also i'm covering the base game no DLC content in this review but might be some in the near future.Short abreviadted review (longer one below)Just Cause 3 is in its self Michael Bay's dream world with explosion after explosion with endless amount of fun. If youre hear to play games and dont really care about story (not like every game these days provide a good one ( joke (wait there are three brackets thats like 6 extra bits of information arent you lucky)) then this is the game for you). Going around with the new wing suit it is a brilliant. So i do advice to get it. But i do understand that £40 is a lot of money (£39.99 if you want to be correct) and not every kid or adult can spare that amount of money so if it is on sale but it but if its not then have a look at some videos to make sure its what you want to spend £40 on. And no i dont think its an 18 if anything it s 12 to a 15 at least if youre a parent and you kids asking to but the game.Longer detailed ReviewNow this game is an absolute soild game and a 9/10 game. The vast colours and the detail is so beautiful and you couldnt ask for a more vibrant coloured game. And what makes this even better is that the new wing suit to go around the map at high speeds just adds the cream to the cake. Unforunetly most of the map is forest with hils and mountains with villages or enemy bases scattered around the place. While i did whish it had a bit more of the Just Cause 2 map style with the huge cities and airports ( not saying it doesnt, it does by the way ) it does have a reason to it. Its for the new wing suit. A wing suit needs areas where there aret huge buildings in the way and mountains to scale so thats why ( In my opinion at least ) in needs for greenery. The combat isent the greatist just grappling to one plave then shooting 3 guys then grappling away then repeat this procees or replace the grappling with walking. The Towns are sort of simillar with the same objectives but sometimes there might be a propogander van and whenh you grapple on to it the man actually shouts at you which made me laugh to no end.But the game does have its fair share of problems mainly:The story is shoot some bad guys becuase there in a dictature ship and he's making prisoners mine. But persides that there is no ""he is super evil"" (but mayde if you listend to all Di Revelo's tapes you whould probably shade a bit more light on that but ""no body got time for that"".The driving is quite tank like and the moterbike is a bit hard to controle (personaly i dont find it hard but i know lots of people who hate it) and there not very usefull when you have a wingsuit which didnt help the cars case and if anything its just highlighted the probelems it has.The finalle boss fight at the end had to be the most geneic boss fight there had to be with a slight twist but it was as interesting a turtle falling asleep. And i mean the shiled that you have to deal with.What was good is that thye Rebel Drop System from Just Cause 2 was impoved massivly but they also F!$(%^ it in a way. you can get 3 or 4 i think (might be wrong and yes this is how professional I am) but when you spawn a plane or vehicle (and possibly on guns i don't know you dont find your self swithing much) with them there is a IRL or in real life timer count down until you canuse it again which was used to stop people just using the bomber plane or any vehicle over and over again to spoil it but i say let them spoil it becuase its them at there lost that they didnt fully enjoy the game by playing how it should have been played ( Yes i know that every one plays diffrently i mean spawn the bomber over and over again to skip parts.So lest say you want to imporve somthing like wing suiting you need to dom sertin mini games to get gears which help you unlock them but its a great way to improve what you want to improve but if you want to improve something to make it more enjoyeble you have to use what you dont like to use or find difficult to controle to level it up which will in the end just put you off it.So all in all it is a purely b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l game but like with love it always haves some floors. Also while people say they have problems running it i personally dont but thats becuae iu have a beast of a machine.9/10 Must buy if one sale!"
,Recommended,225540,23849472,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,AnotherGerman,"First off, I know it has performance issues, especially for AMD users, and I know that people prefer to play Just Cause 2 and that fine. However, Just Cause 2 is a hard game to top. Like I said, it has issues with performance but it is one of the best games I have ever played. Call me lucky, but I manage to play this game as soon as it came out with no issues, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game has to be made by Michael Bay. You have freedom on a huge map to do whatever mission or whatever the hell you want. This is the type of game where you will spend a whole weekend on liberating one island and spending next week exploring it. It’s a great stress reliever by blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up and tethering guards to gas cans. Plus a wingsuit, a ♥♥♥♥ing wingsuit.Overall I love this game and I do recommend it. However if your PC is a toaster, then save your money. 10/10 would blow up a gas station again!"
,Recommended,225540,30494207,Posted: 13 March,all,russian girl vodka love<3,best xxXDxdd:D
,Not Recommended,225540,29036483,Posted: 5 January,all,tylersmith0690,"I love JC3, but this really needs some optimizing. BAD."
76561198033457836,Recommended,225540,19863722,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,DigwardS,Very fun and enjoyable game.It only needs a longer story and more things to do after finishing the main story5/7- would buy again
,Recommended,225540,24046014,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,fakeshemp8,"The DLC's dont really add much story-wise, but the wingsuit booster is clutch. I wish I had it when i played through the main game."
76561198192587103,Recommended,225540,20340695,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Suq_Maidic,"Just Cause 3 is a great game. There are many good things to say about it, and many bad things.I'm sure one of the main reasons you're buying the game is the massive bases that you can destroy however you like. Although they are incredibly fun to take down, they have many problems of their own. The main problems I have with them are the enemies. They're an annoyance. They often destroy things before I can. For instance, if i were to take my time running around and planting charges on some transformers, there's a good chance that the enemies in the area would miss me and hit the transformers before I've set the charges. It's even worse if they throw grenades. It doesn't do very much good to kill them either as reinforcements will just show up often stronger than the last ones.The enemies also have a bit too much challenge to them as well. There are certain enemies that are on cannons that fire at you when you fly too close, which is very annoying when you plan to do a stunning fly through a massive explosion and instead you just ragdoll through the air like pidgeon having a stroke. If you die, which can happen quite easily while destroying the harder bases, it's such a buzzkill. You have so much energy while desroying things and flying around, but it all goes down the drain when you respawn on the ground with nice music playing outside of the base.Although i believe all these points to be valid, it's still incredibly fun to destroy the bases. Each one is original and There's always plenty to destroy. If the conditions are right, or you're wuick enough, you can set up really fun things to do with what's in them. There are tons of bases to destoy as well, and once you've finished the game you can replay them as you see fit.In conclusion i would reccomend the game, however the enemies are a bit too challenging for what the game is trying to do."
,Recommended,225540,22004732,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Jonah Ryan For President,10/10 would Bavarium Nuke the capital again
76561197970720096,Recommended,225540,29815927,Posted: 9 February,all,TheKingInYellow,"Loads of fun although it has the sandbox repetitiveness that haunts these sorts of games.  What saves it is the variety of weapons and vehicles, and the tongue-in-cheek humour that is woven throughout.  I lost it at the 'F@$& YOU MISSILE' acheivement."
,Recommended,225540,19424535,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ColdWolf,"Ignore all the crybaby Millenials of Steam, they can't wait half a day for a patch.'Avalanche pls. Gaem not work on ancient hardwear. Fix NAO.'This is a top notch game, and I've had zero problems with running it.Controls are fluid, gameplay is superb, missions are varied, fun, and the story is actually somewhat bearable unlike JC2.Bear in mind though, it's still a 'chaos sandbox' so it'll get dull after a while.I reckon I'll actually get through all the missions in this one though! Highly enjoyable!No MGSV or Fallout 4, but it's up there with my Games of the Year for sure!"
76561198065760889,Recommended,225540,19701167,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,puppehs,Dumb fun if you can run it.  Lack of SLI support is beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ nowadays
76561198156512954,Recommended,225540,33320035,Posted: 6 July,all,BlackHawk,"I got Just Cause 3 not too long ago, and i will just say:Do you enjoy guns and/or destruction of huge buildings and structures, exploration, driving, or open world? If you answered yes to any of those then this game is for you. I happen to enjoy all of these topics and this game has been a blast for me and i reccommend for everyone with a pc good enough to run it. The game could have been better optimized, you might have to tweak it, i did and i went from like 35-40 fps to 45-60 fps and the game still looks great. I hope this review helped you a lot."
,Recommended,225540,23971915,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Traceur,"Here is my sucess story:I decided to take a chance, this game looked awesome, was on sale, and steam now has a refund policy, so despite all of the negative reviews, I decided to buy this game with the following hardware specs:Intel i5 6500Radeon R9 3808GB DDR4 RAMWindows 10According to all of the forums, my PC should not be able to run it at all. And they are partially correct. When I first started this game, the MAIN MENU was running at less than 10 FPS. It was impossible to play. I nearly submitted a refund request, but I decided to dive into the forums once more to find some tips. After a quick installation of RadeonPro and a couple check boxes, it was running fantastically compared to what I expected. Currently, it runs it at a smooth 60fps on medium/high settings. Although admittedly, there are occasional freezes after explosions. As of 24 hours in, I have experienced two crashes. It is nothing close to the unoptimized mess it is described as in all the negative reviews and forum posts. However, keep in mind that it only runs on certain PCs, PCs much better than mine have had issues running it.On a gameplay note, the game is amazing so far. Here are a couple pros and cons:+MASSIVE Map+Fun Travel+Lots of Options+Explosions Look Awesome+TONS of Content+Most Missions are fun to do-Clearing all the settlements can become repetitive after a while-Stutters become more frequent after you play for a whileDefinitely would recommend, if your PC can run it."
,Recommended,225540,19464040,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,mio.,the game is over all great but the minimun recurement are not the ones that are whriten in there i hvae a gtx 960 and i 7-4900 and i have frame problems on low settings so yeah that sucks but everything except that is great
,Not Recommended,225540,33401187,Posted: 9 July,all,Toxic Wizard,"This game puts to shame Early Access titles with the sheer amount of frustrating bugs, glitches, insane loading times, especially the ""server login"" starting screen that takes 2 minutes or more because Square Enix has piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥servers. And let's forget unresponsive controls that along with the other problems make character progression miserable.Want to try fun weapons JC series is famous for? Good luck with completing challenges that are either easy or impossible.This game is not worth the purchase, play Just Cause 2 if you're not familiar with the series. It's a much better and a much cheaper game."
,Recommended,225540,20223305,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,EdgeUHF,"8/10 like jc2 with better graphics, although there are a few bugs later ongreat open world, just go to bases and destroy them"
,Recommended,225540,20335375,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,scary mharti!!,great with mods 0 out of 5
76561198015292026,Recommended,225540,23334371,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Cheapdate,"I7 Devils Canyon, GTX 960. 1080p everything on high I get 45 fps.This is a fun game. It is also completely over the top. Things have a tendancy to snowball once the action starts.This is the only game where I have skydived, gone bat$**t crazy in a tank, mini gunned a helicopter and attatched a Fiat 500 to the side of an apartment block, all within five minutes of starting the game.I can only give this game a thumbs up."
,Recommended,225540,20350768,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MongolAussie,"Just Cause 3 brings to the table (and the computers upon these tables) everything that its predecessors offered to gamers around the world. Set free from the rules of reality by its focus on fun, Just Cause 3 is everything that the modern gamer needs: a reasonably realistic simulacrum of the real word whose rules apply more to everything that isn't the player, and less to everything that the player touches.The world of Just Cause 3 is as deep as it is vast - mile upon mile of breathtakingly beautiful land (and sea...and air) stretches out as far as one's draw distance is set, and on almost every inch of these miles is an opportunity for the player to cause what the game calls Chaos.To delve deep into the universe of Just Cause, one must first delve deep into his (or her...) wallet - and it is safe, indeed, to say that this game offers far more in the way of fun than, say, $70 of takeout."
,Recommended,225540,27240873,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Panda,Great Game. If you loved just cause 2 you'll love this game.
,Recommended,225540,27253122,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,crasherT,Hmm So here is a cow...Here is a Rocket powered explosive device....how about we try to hit that helicopter which has been shooting pebbles at me for the last five minutes?10/10 would bring down helicopter with rocket powered cow again
,Recommended,225540,20171814,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,invaderzz,good
76561198279788222,Recommended,225540,28223019,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,darkking90,this is a very very great game but very diffcult if you don't do challnges it well become more harder to take over bases when   not having a lot of becanes or flares to get about the place and the game is not about the story its about exploring and kicking♥♥♥♥♥but on windows 10 the graphics are quite bad
76561198041480665,Recommended,225540,28400463,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Luciel Bot,"This game is badass, those explosions and stuff, jumping out of airplanes, just like the previous just cause, with even bigger booms!"
76561198090095125,Recommended,225540,33817215,Posted: 26 July,all,Just A Random Space Octopus,boom bang kapaahh bang bang bang wingsuit hit ground bang bang smash drive buggy to top of map bang bang boom pow wingsuit smash face ooh a train bang bang boom train-initiated armageddon fly away
76561198184704273,Recommended,225540,33817326,Posted: 26 July,all,ѦϟϟѦϟϟЇℕ,"If I could run it a good as youtubers could, this game would be my life on steam. It has all thee things a casual blow em up, shootems, and gargatunally multiplies it by 100!"
,Not Recommended,225540,28220766,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,LEL,Fellow gamers the game has good graphics and open world which is massive and can attract a lot of gamers to purchase but beware of the fact that this consumes a lot of ur memory and it starts to slutter and lag after a point which makes the game unplayable and annoying. the developers  have not taken any iniative in fixing these problems including the unexpected frame drops.even the specification of 8 gb ram is not sufficient to play this game even at lower resolution. i recommend you to purchase any other game and save your time and money.
,Not Recommended,225540,28384385,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,war4peace,"Bought this on sale for 75% off. It was sitting in my wishlist since day one.the reviews were mixed and I watched a lot of Youtube gameplay so I knew that the game wasn't impressive. However, the issues with the game itself quickly surfaced.1. The Square Enix servers were unavailable. Logging in was impossible.2. The loading times were atrocious, my PC is beefy enough to run all games at highest quality settings in 1080p. After waiting for minutes for the game to load and progress to next scene, I gave up.I guess I'll keep the game for collecting purposes, but I will likely not play it again.The game's worth 5 bucks. If you'll see it on sale for 5 bucks, get it."
,Recommended,225540,21688257,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Lenny McLennington,"Prosu ken splode stuff and kil pplsmod the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the gamesplode moar stuff xdConsIt runs like absolute ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥and is stupidly unoptimised.Not the best story in the world, but I didn't buy it for that.I love it."
76561198095837791,Recommended,225540,28728534,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TheRealEZ,Explosively fun!
76561198023898993,Recommended,225540,21673688,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,"NASCAR Driver, Dick Trickle",Great game terrible framerate drops though
,Recommended,225540,21684232,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Sapirus,"Runs perfectly fine on the following configuration:Intel Xeon E3-1231v3 @ 3,4 - 3,8 GHz16 GB DDR3-1333 RAMAMD Radeon HD 7870 XT @ 1100 / 1500 MHzAMD Crimson 16.2.1 HotfixMaximum details and no stuttering except when the whole scenery explodes.The rather serious tone of the game takes getting used to but as a fan of both predecessors this is an amazing game!"
76561198304076924,Recommended,225540,33806677,Posted: 26 July,all,BloodReaper360,Its a very awsome game and I also like the open world stuff and the missions are so EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198026602346,Not Recommended,225540,20268398,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hetzer,"Sadly, this game is entirely unplayable for me. Constant crashes of multiple forms from start up to in game. Grey screens of death, total PC crashes requiring a system restart, regular non-response crashes while managing to make it into a game. I'd wait for them to patch the game, as all I've run into is frustration that I can't even get the game to start half the time if it doesn't totally crash my PC when I attempt to even play."
,Not Recommended,225540,28719809,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Santa Paws,"DOSEN'T WORK, INSTANT REFUND WITHIN 15 MINS OF PLAYTIMEI Downloaded this game because a good friend of mine reccomended the J.C. series to me and I decided to buy it...Every time I start the game, my plane is hit by a rocket and suddenly, all I get is 'JustCause3.exe has stopped responding....'I find this garbage, because this game (If I'm Right...) Is made by Edios which use Nvidia For their games, (I played Blood Money last week, WAS AMAZING!) It worked perfectly fine, also I have a Gefore GTX 970M and these are the MINIMUMSMINIMUM:OS: Vista SP2 / Windows 7.1 SP1 / Windows 8.1 (64-bit Operating System Required)Processor: Intel Core i5-2500k, 3.3GHz / AMD Phenom II X6 1075T 3GHzMemory: 8 GB RAMGraphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 670 (2GB) / AMD Radeon HD 7870 (2GB)Storage: 54 GB available spaceI fit EVERY SINGLE ONE of these requirements and the game will just instantly crash on bootup, I don't think anyone has found a fix for this and the devs DON'T SEEM TO CARE about this at-all....Please Fix This Soon- Santa Paws...."
,Recommended,225540,33818376,Posted: 26 July,all,thunderbird,"I'll be honest - I don't really understand the negative reviews for this game.  I wasn't expecting a great storyline or voice acting for a cheap game (let's face it - nobody buys this game at full price since it's on sale all the time!), but the gameplay is nonetheless engaging.I have had nothing but a blast playing this game so far.  It reminds me of the old Mercenaries games I used to play on PS2, but better.  You have a grappling hook, a wingsuit, and a parachute all the time.  Those three items give you endless ways to have fun, but in case you can't think of anything, there are minigames where you use those items to complete challenges in exchange for upgrades to the item. (Only for the grappling hook and wingsuit - I don't think there are any parachute minigames).I play this game at 5760x1080 with Nvidia Surround and it looks beatiful.  Controls for vehicles (cars, motorcycles, boats, planes, helis, etc) seem unpolished, but I find issues with this in most games so it isn't a huge issue for me.Missions are kind of repetitive, but I find them enjoyable.  A common mission theme is there will be a valued object, either a person or a thing, and you have to protect it/him/her from the communist troops for X amount of time until a destination is reached.  I don't really look forward to missions but they do advance the game and give you access some pretty cool equipment.The most enjoyable aspect of the game that I've found is liberating settlements.  I will be sad when there aren't anymore settlements left to free."
,Recommended,225540,31806957,Posted: 17 May,all,DeadBoxXD,is gud 100000000000000000000/1
76561198159719601,Recommended,225540,21684912,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Xenogenesis[TH],It's a good game ever
76561198228924488,Recommended,225540,22024512,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,CybergTJC,"Doesn't quite have the charm of Just Cause 2, has some performance issues (nothing serious), and can get frustrating at times. But, I don't regret a single hour poured into the game. I would recommend it to anyone who can run the game. Great fun."
,Recommended,225540,23272671,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Cutface,"First of all, I would like to start out saying that I've never ever played a Just Cause game before, and therefore my experience of the franchise is only from this iteration of the game.Now, where to begin...This game delivers something that I've never really tried before. An open sandbox world, with vast amounts of different challenges and cities to capture, leaving the player with endless possibilites of what to do.It took me a while before I even started on the main quest of the game, since I enjoyed the grappling around Medici and the extremely cool flight suit, which I have not yet fully mastered!The main mission, even though I found it quite short, is awesome and exciting all the way through.The propaganda radio station that pops up every time you capture one of the millitary, voiced by the 10th Doctor, David Tennant, were pretty hilarious, especially as he becomes more and more manic as you get control of more bases.I have yet to discover everything in this game, and I'm already 20+ hours into the game. Therefore I gotta say that this is a must buy if you enjoy blowing up stuff, and just going on a rampage with all kinds of crazy weapons, helicopters, tanks and planes.However, I felt that sometimes that the game could get a little repetitive, especially when going around eliminating different bases, but that could just be my own wrong doing.There were also a few glitches in the game, at least on my end, which I've chopped down to my pc not being the most powerful out there, so I'm gonna let those slide.All in all I will give this game a 9/10."
76561198078206920,Recommended,225540,21676403,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,UnidentifiedBlackMale,I haven't been addicted to a game like this in a very long time:) 9/10
76561198033766545,Recommended,225540,21677847,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ketram,"I feel the need to write a review for this since there is so much bad press about the performance. I've heard that if you have an AMD card, it will crash on you, so please research as best you can. Steam has a refund period now, so refund if you buy it and it doesn't work. I really loved this game when I wasn't expecting to.  I spent an hour in childish delight pulling down guard towers with my dual-tether because the destruction physics are so awesome. I have a decent/high-end system, and I still got a few framerate drops in big explosions, but it just looks like awesome slow-mo. If you can run it, you probably won't regret buying this, especially on sale."
,Recommended,225540,21679866,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Digiben csgolive.com,"Great game, very fun, lots of bugs and little glitches, but thats what makes the game so fun. I had a few problems getting it to run, but once i did i get quite a fun gameplay."
,Recommended,225540,21683327,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,e l l y  ☼,Really good game
76561198153278385,Recommended,225540,21683349,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,hungry spawning pool,THIS IS A BOSSES BOSS GAME OF BADASSNESS!!!
,Recommended,225540,21684606,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,ruwaaidasif,its a good game but there is nothing making me want to come back to it after the story is over.7/10
,Recommended,225540,22008689,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,xDavid_Alecsandru,"Best Game Ever ! Bombs , Explodes , Weapons - You can send other people to space !PROS :You can destroy everythingA lot of Weapons , Cars , PlanesNice story line ( my opinion )Awesome GameplayMissionsVery easy MechanicsBEST GRAPHICS EVERNICE EASTER EGGSSound EffectsCONS :Needs a lot of resources ( slow frame rate )The Driving is horrible !!!!"
76561198196279191,Recommended,225540,22013601,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,NC4L24,Love this game! Amazing graphics! Make sure your computer is powerful enough to run it though.(Im running an AMD FX-8320 CPU with an MSI R9 380 4G GPU)Lots of fun to liberate bases and whip people across the map with the tether!This is also a great game to play if you are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and need to let some Steam out! (Pun intended) because it's great to just load into the game and find the closest road with civilians driving around and start messing with them! Such as tether their cars together and watch the chaos as they try to drive away. And then all of a sudden you see a nice sports car drive by you and you either do 1 of 3 things:#1 you tether yourself to the roof and steal the car and drive it like you stole it... Because you did steal it!!#2 you accidentally tether it to a cliff and watch as it falls to its death...#3 you pull out your rocket launcher and completely obliterate it!!10/10 would obliterate with rocket launcher again
76561198046848167,Recommended,225540,30619190,Posted: 19 March,all,Char Sabretooth™,Awesome game!!!
76561198245600826,Recommended,225540,21680763,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Jazza,"If you like massive open world games, contsant explosions, flying, driving, parachuting, grappling, this is the game for you!! What i found great about this game is you can do whatever you like and the physics are very well done with grappling and driving. Also great selection of cars, planes, bikes, boats, helis etc. I like the feature where you can rebel drop all the vehicles and also weapons. reminds me of GTA cheats where you could spawn items. Big negatives for me were terrible story line, just so band and not funny like they try to make it. Also becomes the most repetitive, never ending game as its so big. I began to get sick of trying to get gears and taking over the provinces become very tedious. I only reccommend this game as its great for mucking around on and having a bit of fun, but if your looking for a game with a great story and side missions, do not bother with this."
,Not Recommended,225540,33873966,Posted: 28 July,all,Reggie,Pro: Ridiculously fun gameCon: Leaks memory all over the place
,Recommended,225540,33872536,Posted: 28 July,all,Bill Crosby,"I personally think JC3 is one of the better games on steam. I started playing on the free version, and then I bought the XL package. The dlc is worth the money, but if you don't want to spend the money that's okay. All in all I give the non-dlc game a 8/10, and the game with dlc a 9/10."
,Recommended,225540,33873319,Posted: 28 July,all,Donutsgaming,"its fun, amazing, adickting and rusless! you can go in and tackticly do it with armys of people you can run and gun, you can go in and do as much dammage as you can and die, and then do it again! its so amazing!!!! i will admit there is some slow times, but with the dlc i can never really find it that offen, i would say 30min out of evry 10 hours are boring adn thats a stretch, and the game is challange at times as well! 8.5/10prosfastfunyou have so meny options in ways to playpick up and just play for hours on end, like a doom gameflying, boating, flying, did it mention flying, if i did how about sky diving, oh and wing gliding, and more flying, and slinging♥♥♥♥♥♥aroudconDriving sucks♥♥♥♥♥ untell late game cars and even thats a stretchcan get a litttle repeditive after a long long long time, but its only a little, then you stop for a day, go outside, swim, go to work, come back and tare down water tors on people and have more fun!"
76561198185746141,Recommended,225540,20514410,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,callumdude77,best action game ever!!!
,Recommended,225540,20063327,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Yetteh,"Flying through the sky, parachuting around, its perhaps the most fun I have had in a game.Pros:- Lovely Graphics- Great Gameplay- Wingsuit is an amazing game mechanic- Fast Paced Shooting Fun- Open world with lots to explore its a ton of funCons:- Still some Lag on an i7 4790K / GTX 970- Online mode is annoying, the servers are down meaning the game tries to re-connect to the servers evertime I pause.- Driving physics are better but still feel pretty horrid"
,Not Recommended,225540,29976710,Posted: 16 February,all,Shortchimp,"The game said the minimum ram is 8, but dont be fooled as the minimum is actually 10gb of ram due to the teenagers that optimized this game made a memory leak and will lose 2gb of ram to nothing."
,Recommended,225540,33860524,Posted: 28 July,all,wrgarrison123456789,"just cause 3 is a good game, and it is a fun game if you want to blow stuff up.AND this is what i have to say about sales not being sales,steam scams i was going to get just cause 2 and it was JUST 50% off and i have 7.25$ and it wanted more."
76561198027141250,Not Recommended,225540,28573492,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,gamer1000k,"Like many others, I loved Just Cause 2 and eagerly anticipated Just Cause 3 but was disappointed by what we got. Not that it's a bad game, the core Just Cause gameplay is intact and it's mostly fun, but other than shiny graphics and a few other improvements it's by and large a step backwards from Just Cause 2.First off, the improvements.GraphicsAudioPhysicsMulti TethersRetractable TethersWingsuitRebel Drop - Can order any vehicle (including civilian ones) and don't have to spend moneyEpic cave systems and underground basesChaos objects on mapNew vehicle types, especially the cargo vehicles with working doorsVehicle controls are significantly improved, especially with a keyboardUnfortunately, there are also a lot of things JC3 didn't do as well.Story missions lack interesting set pieces and have some incredibly annoying escort/protect missionsProgression system involving challenges is annoying rather than funMany challenges are outright bugged or brokenRandom side missions are a waste of time and often incredibly annoying due to the poor AIAI is atrocious. They switch between clueless idiots and ruthless aimbots that aggresively spawn out of thin air depending on the heat status.No minimap, health bar, or sprintPoor movement and aiming controls when on footGuns are not balanced and most of them are uselessNo weapon/vehicle damage/health upgrades to keep them relevant as the game progressesSmaller, less interesting world map with a huge amount of empty space on the main islandSignificantly less vehicles, and agency style vehicles are only available as overpriced DLCLeaderboards system adds nothing to the game, but has a mandatory forced login when the game starts up that wastes my time, in addition to an obnoxiously long intro videoMajor, potentially gamebreaking bugs still present in the game over a year after releaseOverall, this game doesn't really offer anything compelling over JC2. This game is still fun, but the parts that make it fun were done in JC2, and in many cases done better. Given how cheap JC2 is, how well it's held up over the years, and how it's actually more fun than JC3 most of the time, my recommendation is to only get this game if you can get it on sale with a really good discount."
,Not Recommended,225540,33866425,Posted: 28 July,all,[Loyalist] Riot706,"I am afraid I can't recommend this game. I have tried many fixes for borderless mode [mine isn't working anymore, decreasing FPS to 15-20] I even waited the 3 hours it takes to reinstall the game. Guess what? Didn't work. Now there's all these disgusting black borders. I just can't even play anymore. I'm sorry, Just Cause 3."
76561197982954041,Recommended,225540,33866488,Posted: 28 July,all,Somnorila,Too many random crashes....
76561198319512990,Recommended,225540,33322199,Posted: 6 July,all,SANTA'S BROTHER,WOW ABSOLUTELY FLABBERGASTED
76561198095345433,Recommended,225540,33892978,Posted: 29 July,all,Jye Jye,"I got this game in a bundle two days ago. I've been playing it non-stop just liberating bases and upgrades. My god this game is a must have, i really recommend it."
,Recommended,225540,33907130,Posted: 30 July,all,Waffles #Pancakes With abs.,The game is mixed i see.. But i strongly recommend it because simply it's FUN with capital letters...The negatives one are because of the plot (i'm guessing) which was created by 12 years old :)Don't get me wrong guys.. the plot sometimes is good and sometimes has no logic .. not one bit of logic to the context said.BUT BUT BUT-Good graphics.. amazing ones.-Non-stop action.but if you decide you want some peace and quiet you can race/demolish/fly and other stuff.The game is worth it.
,Recommended,225540,33887670,Posted: 29 July,all,Sarge,"Only performance problems i had is the fps drops when huge explosions occur (down to 30fps), but its completely bearable.Story is okay, likeable characters and funny dialogue, but the ending was very weak, nothing compared to Just Cause 2's amazing finale.Destruction is good, if you like explosions you'll f*cking love this game. However i dislike the fact that some objects cannot be blown up that could be in JC2 (the cranes etc)Map is alright but not very varied and no huge cities.No run button?The wingsuit is a great added feature and the GE-64's are fun to play around with once you have thrusters unlocked.Overall - 7/10Would recommend but if you're going to play either 2 or 3, play 2."
76561198330364386,Recommended,225540,30234985,Posted: 27 February,all,lukky883,Awesome game I have played
,Recommended,225540,21633179,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Trog,"This game seems to have gotten a bad reputation. I wasn't around when it launched, but in it's current state I feel it's a decent game, and a little under-appreciated. $60? Probably not. $30-40? Go for it."
,Recommended,225540,21635881,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,OBZS,"Best game ever it is!, After i finished downloading the game i played it for 2 hours straight. if i dont have any errands to run, i would certainly have spent more hours playing the gameEdit:28 hours later and i still strongly recommend the game, however there are some minor issues such as:- Because my internet connection is quite unstable, the game keeps logging me in and out of the game. it's quite annoying, i kinda hope that if i chose the offline option, the game wouldn't try to connect to the server, until the next game session.- the game always crash and will also crash my nvidia driver after ~1 minute into game if i started the game, however if i try to do it the second time, it's fine. this issue repeats after i shut down my computer, however restarting the computer seems fineBut, it's quite surprising that this even game runs on my computer 40fps (everything is on low but i turned on  bokeh effect) which has an i3 2100 and a gtx 750ti which is not overclocked"
,Recommended,225540,33791702,Posted: 25 July,all,tavasi,"This game is amazing, the story is entertaining, the amount of options you have availible to you in the game is fantastic, and even if you arent playing the story you can still have a great time messing around in the massive open world.I would highly reccomend getting this game while its on sale."
,Recommended,225540,20270988,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,African Space Jesus,its cool
,Not Recommended,225540,33932872,Posted: 31 July,all,Tonnie Koetsier,"Its a fun game but its broken, with the infinite loop error even underclocking doesn't work and turning screen reflections on does not make it any better.Would rate the game a 7.5 but the overall experience is about a 4. My gpu is a 1080ti oc strix let me know if anyone has found a fix. (there are many other people with similar issues but there is not a clear fix)"
,Not Recommended,225540,28096515,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,804R,"I really liked JC2 on PS3, so I had high expectations for this game. Of the 19 minutes I played the game was pretty alright, but the controls were absolutely awful, making it very difficult to do anything. The menus are an absolute ♥♥♥♥♥ to navigate. You can't alt-tab out of the game without the resolution settings resetting, so you have to enter settings, graphic settings, change to fullscreen mode, wait a few secs, click ok, change resolution settings, wait a few seconds, click ok, then CTRL twice (to leave the settings menu), then click Resume Game (because ESC doesn't work).Game is maybe good, controls make it borderline unplayable."
76561198312157912,Not Recommended,225540,28096246,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,桃源战神,各种bug以及莫名其妙的操作控制
76561198136972197,Recommended,225540,30207041,Posted: 26 February,all,Cheerios,really fun when it doesn't lag
,Recommended,225540,33966672,Posted: 2 August,all,Jomar,its bloody dank
,Recommended,225540,20509332,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,papa beef,"Optimisation needs some serious work, but the game itself is fantastic. Gameplay is smooth and fun and generally I'm loving the hell out of it."
76561198193300191,Recommended,225540,32782718,Posted: 25 June,all,Children trim my pubes,is very good do buy
76561198206337288,Recommended,225540,19439305,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,420BootyWizard,I cannot recommend in its current state. My specs are well over the recoomended system requirements and still even at the lowest settings the game will jump from 60fps to 10fps whenever in a large open areas or there are any big explosions. The game has crashed many times. It feels like im forcing myself through this game because of how fun it is. I will remove or change my review once the game is fixed.UPDATE: A patch for the game has finally been released after months of waiting. The game is now playable on higher settings with out frame drops
,Not Recommended,225540,25067683,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ssenluflol,Would be a great game if it could run better. Was really disappointed.
,Not Recommended,225540,29203026,Posted: 12 January,all,Snake,"The game is fun, but there is a lot of problems in it.1 - The game is too big2 - The game  is poorly optmized (Droping frames constatly in a gtx 980/Core i7 4970k)3 - Sometimes it is really repetitive4 - There are times that you die without having time to react5 - The controls in the gamepad are not changeble6 - If you costumize the controls for car you endup changing for all others (like plane, for ex) and this is really anoying. It should be indepedentConclusion: The game is fun, and can really catch you for hours but it is no worth the full price, so I would say to buy if it is with 75% or more of discount."
76561198070427721,Not Recommended,225540,30493392,Posted: 13 March,all,嫌疑人,Worst driving experience I've ever had. It feels like being a drug user driving on the wet floor and drifting in the air.
,Recommended,225540,27418818,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Oppa.LilBiggie.amaxisback,"recommended for you who try to find something EXPLOSIVE!!!!best things about this game are the wingsuit adn the explosion! Medici looks beautiful than panaubut the graphic looks dated,and its always stuttering on my pc maybe because of the bad optimization..its 7/10 for me"
76561198049687443,Recommended,225540,19405008,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Alareros,One of the best free roaming exploding traveling games ive played10/10
,Not Recommended,225540,23907424,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Omnifob,"I think this game is more fun than its predecessor. However, that's just when the framerate is normal...This game has some serious memory problems. I've got a pretty decent computer, so normally the game can render 60 fps. However, it frequently drops or freezes as soon as the game spawns new actors or geometry or something else happens. I did stomp the settings to almost lowest possible and it helped a little (probably mostly because of texture size), but I still get jerky FPS.For extra irritation, you can't properly customize your keybindings in the game. If you do, the game adds two entries in the keymap file that the game isn't able to read. This leads to the game defaulting the controls every time you start the game. Also, there are multiple entries that can be changed in the config file that doesn't appear in the custom key binding screens, which means that the keys you happen to bind on those keys may get interrupted. Like (hold) Detonate Explosives on F (you can only rebind (tap) Detonate Explosives), and Look At on R.There is a workaround for this, by editing an unmodified kepmap.txt (not a typo), but it shouldn't be needed. I can't see how the config thing can be that hard to fix that it isn't sorted out a half year after release.Until these things are fixed, I would not recommend anyone getting this game. If they do fix these issues, I would happily recommend the game, because it is really fun (to me at least) when I don't experience those frustration elements."
,Not Recommended,225540,23906689,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Midnight Taco Extravaganza,"Horrible performance - did not get to gameplay. Didn't even get to properly play the game since it hangs for 2-3 seconds every 10-15 seconds, even on lowest quality settings & updated/backdated drivers, and I've got a semi-high end PC: Intel i7 5820k, 16GB DDR4, GTX 980 running from SSD."
,Not Recommended,225540,33006291,Posted: 29 June,all,RATAGOON,"nope just nope i dont recommend this thing why?-first lazy porting-second wobbly controls for motorcycle it keep drifting whitout you touch the hand brake and the camera make me sick-third lag spike even my ram are 16 gb still cant save this awful lag-fourth uninsteresting story-fifth ridiculous pc key map *okay who's idea put ctrl button for back from menu seriously* even you can say ""you can re binding it"" GOOD LUCK FOR THAT you'll need it , bcs it can reset back to default or just straight up doesn't work-sixth every mounted gun it's hard to turn aroundbut there's positive in every negative content. FUN DLC. yeah sky fortress are amazing haven't tried mech and sea tho but the sky fortress are fun and challenging at the same time.but still i don't recommend this"
,Not Recommended,225540,21094932,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,dsrange431,"The game was fun for the first several hours, now it feels like a chore to progress through the story... If you can get past the menial crap the game makes you do, you should check it out. I however don't like it."
,Recommended,225540,32763754,Posted: 25 June,all,Rattle me Ceasar,"A combination of amazing graphics, explosions, a giant open world, destructable stuff, your equipment and a big variety of vehicles make this game into a must-have for fans of action movies.I went into this game with low expectations, since the reviews are full of ""bad port"", ""boring gameplay"" and stuff. Well, the introduction is weak, yes. But as soon as you get the new device sticked to your arm, the fun begins. I actually like Rico Rodriguez' new look / personality, and his annyoing friend Mario is also likeable. I set the graphics to the highest and have not yet experienced any second under 60 FPS, with my GTX 1070 and 16 GBs of RAM. Also, the game is pretty well optimized for KB + mouse, apart from helicopters and tanks. Regarding the gameplay, I still enjoy just blowing everything up and causing mayhem in the cities, military bases and more, it's just so fun blowing up an entire base with a missile-launching helicopter.TL;DR: This game is good, but buy it when it's on sale."
76561198077655919,Not Recommended,225540,20336097,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Wakeboard1234,"When I bought the game and first tried to play it, the game played in slow motion and after five minutes JC3 crashed."
,Recommended,225540,28023911,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,chefmcelroy,It is a great game if you like explosions.
76561198049193954,Not Recommended,225540,21793984,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,CookedCow,Bad performance and always only online. So just buy just cause 2.
,Recommended,225540,20362188,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,prn.gam,HOLY CRAP THIS GAME IS THE MOST AMAZING THING I'VE EVER PLAYED! Why? Just Cause!... 3!
76561198112738513,Recommended,225540,28799641,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheRadicalRev,"This is a really fun game if you know what you're going in to before playing. If you want a free roam game where you can blow stuff up in whatever way you can imagine, this game is for you. If you want a game with a rich story, this won't satisfy your needs. The story can be summed up as rebels fighting against an evil dictator. So here are a couple of my pros and cons that resulted in a positive review.Pros:-Explosions. Alright? It's a blast.-Variety of vehicles-Wingsuit, parachute, and grapple (once you learn how to use them they're extremely rewarding)-Did I mention explosions?-Beautiful scenery (a relaxing contrast from the constant explosions)-Freedom of Choosing your own way around-ExplosionsCons:-My gosh, the bugs. Specifically graphic related bugs. (nothing an immense amount of troubleshooting and reading can't fix though)-Lack of an interesting story, although the characters can be interesting at times-Minimum specs don't seem to be correct on the store page"
,Not Recommended,225540,28558412,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Eggan,"It is a fun game, but the framedrops ruins it.When I first started to play the game, it were fine. I didnt care about the framedrops, but 2 hours in , they started getting worse. I got frame drops constantly. I have a GTX 1070 8gb btw:)"
,Recommended,225540,29011092,Posted: 4 January,all,Durnehviir,"Alright, I have played this game for about 44 hours  and have to say it's a nice game if you like blowing stuff up and causing chaos and destruction. the map is insanely big but it's fun to have a map this huge, lot of things to explore, outposts to liberate, destroying entire airports and what not.There are a lot of collectibles to collect and I'd say if you really hunt em down (like I did) you probably have to spend about 5 to 7 hours in total to collect everything (used the fast travel a LOT) and you get nice stuff when you collect every collectible from a certain category, such as all Di ravelio's tapes or ancient tombs.Now this game is awesome, but there are a lot of things that do bug me. mostly known by now are the FPS drops, they are not that common, I'd say they are rare, at least for me (may depend on how beefy your pc is, I can say my pc exceeds the recommended system requirements by far so it doesn't bother me that much but still).Frequent crashes have made me (literally) smash my headset, when you're in the middle of a mission, and it happends to be a quite difficult one and you crash of all the sudden, you (or I at least) can get quite mad. especially if you have to take another route to avoid the point were it crashes your game every single time.Something else is the lock on feature in fighter jets, you have to disable the MOD (don't know the exact name rn) that let you aim better and restart your game before you can actually use lock on. something like that should not happen at all, I had to restart the mission where you have to protect Rosa Manuela's plane more than 10 times because of a not working lock on.All this seems like this game is bugged af, but it's not entirely. at the beginning it's difficult getting the hang of the new controls (especially going back with 'CTRL') and getting used to face planting 24/7. but after a while when you unlock new weapons and MODs for your tools, it gets soo much more fun. I personally am obsessed with the M488, a ♥♥♥♥ing rocket launcher, infused with bavarium to make your rockets go off like bloody nukes. I never had so much fun in any game before as I had with the M488.If you're into blowing up stuff hardcore, ready to die quite often (because of how hard it sometimes can be) and wanna wingsuit like a badass, and can deal with sudden fps drops. I highly recommend this game for you. if not, go and find another game where you can cause the same amount of destruction and still have fun"
76561198112252110,Recommended,225540,27942058,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shadoallcaps,Bollywood the game.
,Recommended,225540,29350059,Posted: 18 January,all,luksta8,"ABSOLUTELY STUNNING!Ive now played this game for an adequate amount of time, and I can firmly say that this game is everything it makes out to be and more! It is by far one of the most visually spectacular games I have ever witnessed, with everything from the grass and trees to the TREMENDOUS explosions looking so perfect and beautifully animated.I have read many other reviews saying the games is badly optimised and runs horribly, I havent experienced that but I think that may be because I have a relatively powerful PC, rocking an I5-6500 and a GTX 1060 3GB, paired with 16GB of DDR4 Ram.I picked this up during the black Friday sale, on which it was 75% off the XL edition, which meant I paid only $20. For that I price I would 100% recommend to everyone reading this, but even for full price you would be getting an amazing game and experience, but I would still recommend waiting for a sale as the Just Cause series seems to be reduced most sales.I hope this helps and I hope you have fun exploding EVERYTHING!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19909859,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,CaptainKitteh,"It's an extremely fun game with LOTS of replayability.  One thing, don't buy it.  It's not worth your 60 bucks.  The optimization is HORRIBLE.  Wait for a patch or something.  Really, don't buy it yet.  I get so many stutters and audio bugs, its unbelievable."
,Recommended,225540,29217484,Posted: 12 January,all,CatCraftYT,"This game is AMAZING. I currently have 267 hours play time, and as I'm writing this I'm about to play more. The graphics are great, the storyline is great, the soundtrack is amazing. Requires a lot of computer power though (I actually had to get a new GPU to run it) and it has a slightly large price tag (I think the price tag is mostly worth it).ISERIOUSLYrecommend you buy this game, if you:1. Can afford the game2. Have enough processing power3. Like good storylines, great graphics, great soundtrack, and explosions."
,Recommended,225540,19455918,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Apple//,"I cant tell if I like it or not. There are so many positives as there are negatives. Ill start with the negatives.NEGATIVES -  First off, this ♥♥♥♥ING AUDIO BUG!!! Every time I start up my game I have to take off my headset cause its super loud static and I have to actually get into game and unplug and replug them in to remove the static. Second is the load time of the game, first you have to get to main loading screen to connect to there server♥♥♥♥♥♥ and then you need to actually load the game. Probably 3 minutes of loading inorder to play the game. Next is the performance. Its laggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥for me. First day I couldnt play it. I had a 760 and I just upgraded to a 960 thinking I will be fine.... Nope. I have to run on medium to get 50 to 60 fps. Also the spawns is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. I was on my way to a airport for around 10 minutes just trying to get there and then I die. I spawn all the way from where I started. They should have added a fast travel to discovered locations.POSITIVES - Once you have your settings right and its playable its can be really fun. Gameplay and controls are meh, but still fun ahah. Explosions and really epic and its alot of fun to tear apart a base. Also the fighter jet with the bombs is ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING. Its one of thoughs games with a ton of replay value and the ♥♥♥♥ing around doesnt seem to get old.Final Thoughts - I like it. Im sure they will fix the performance issue and other bugs, and if they dont modders will. The positive side over comes my negative and I would totally tell you to buy it, if you can run it haha.I get 55 - 60 fps on mediumMy specs -intel core i7 4770kEVGA GeForce GTX 960 FTW GAMING ACX 2.0+8gb vengeance ram(other♥♥♥♥♥♥doesnt matter lol)Sorry for typos and mis-spelling, just rushing."
,Recommended,225540,33994714,Posted: 3 August,all,Derpy-Canadian,"Amazing game, great story Highly recommend you get it when its on sale!"
76561198087312520,Not Recommended,225540,33038005,Posted: 30 June,all,iridium,Shows low memory warning and gives low FPS despite recommended specs.
76561198183893791,Not Recommended,225540,33039083,Posted: 30 June,all,Jplay skinhub.com,opened it and played for about 30 minutets then it crashed i havnt been able to open it since
,Recommended,225540,28309678,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SEp_7,i literally just go out and get a new ram to play this game. this game is thirsty for ram and processing power but it looks gorgeous and need real pc with huge power just like gaben intended
,Recommended,225540,27449371,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zatur De Ordeniers,"Get car...Explode, Get Bike...Explode, Drive Car in High Speed to Cliff and quit b4 crash.....Explode.... Drive Car in High Speed to Cliff and this time you still in the car b4 crash.... No Explode.... Mission,to RIde th Scooter to Garage,Hit Street lamp...EXPLODE..Anything in this game is Explode... you know,the explode of Bike same as explode of the Big barrel full of  gas.but i love the explode.i love the destrcution. and i love make a dictactor♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but the improvment of physic and game logic just 40+%. the control little bit difficult. same as JC 2..so its like Just Cause 2 Remastered. but yeha its fun and Worth it if u buy this game in sale.8.5/10DOnt blame my english,need more practice, im sorry"
76561198015652836,Not Recommended,225540,20667730,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,^4Old Greg,"I bought this dog of a game in hopes it would be as fun as the others... But alas, that wasnt to be true.I have a 4 core fast machine with the latest Nvidia drivers  and plenty of space.I turned the effects OFF for everything, reducing the game to an ugliness not worth playing.And yet:This game is FULL of stuttering... Sometimes it stutters for 20-30 seconds in the middls of high action gameplay making the game COMPLETELY unplayable.The sound will stutter and freeze at times yielding a long buzzing from the speakers before finally coming back to just 1-2 frames per second for 1-2 minutes... After THAT you might  get to play for 30 seconds before the next round of grating loud buzzing.The game is freezes a lot! But only when there is more than one background object,,,you know, like a pair of enemy jeeps... That grinds the game to a complete standstill...In short I am TIRED of developers putting games out as finished that are clearly still in the beta stage like this UNPOLISHED atrocious title.I would like a refund ..."
,Recommended,225540,28785864,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,aTe,"Fun game to play but it has issues with FOV, Performance, controls, vehicle physics and a lot more. Still would recommend!"
76561197979559922,Not Recommended,225540,24835779,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Joseph_Stalin_X,Great game but add on DLC isn't included in the season pass.. plus there are a few performance issues. Other than that really good game. Potential squandered by lack of good development and greed.
76561198178446075,Not Recommended,225540,21089241,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,The Squigg,The game looked great and I was so exited untill I got into the game and realized that it was near impossible to run and when I want to actually do something I have to make the game look like a flash gameFinal thoughts: the developers NEED to work on the insane lag issues
76561198218744805,Not Recommended,225540,34001898,Posted: 3 August,all,AAAAAAAA,"would be a grreat game, but the onlinmode frequently disconnects. And than you have to wait minutes to continue playing. And everytime you look at the map the same thing. 10 min gaming, 50 min waiting..."
,Recommended,225540,19461942,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Mr TicklezZ,No performance issues w/ running maxed out on a i7 4790k and a ASUS 970.I'm about 27.7hrs in and having a lot of fun with the hook :)I love the game.Best game i played in a long time :) :) :)
,Not Recommended,225540,24967261,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Muerto,"Let me be honest. I bought this game release day. It worked fine for me.It is a good game, really it is improved Just Cause 2, mostly.However, the developer decided to concetrate more on DLC than fixing the game for thousands of other players.It's about to be a year since it's release. There is still no solid fix for all those players. If you are curious, buy the game and see if you can run it. If not, immedeaitly refund. But, honestly, you should look through forums and the Steam community has the same setup and having issues.I cannot reccomend a game whose developers are actively pursuing money from new players and players who run it fine rather than making a better experience for those who are barely making it by with their setup.On a side note, terrible controls for mouse and keyboard for me atleast, I hope you have a controller on hand."
,Recommended,225540,19420451,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Delirious Walrus,"It's launch day, stop complaining about bad optimization, it happens with most games."
,Not Recommended,225540,33973601,Posted: 2 August,all,Daniel,"JC3: Performing Online Login.JC3: Performing Online Login.JC3: Performing Online Login.JC3: Failed.JC3: Play Offline?Me: Yes!!JC3: Sure thing. Performing Online Login.5 minutes laterJC3: Success! You're now log... Performing Online Login.Me: ♥♥♥♥ it, I give up."
,Recommended,225540,24312775,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,yung female respecter,"This game is hard to recommend, especially considering the price.The base game itself is buggy and requires constant access to some server. I have had multiple crashes and multiple times each session I lose connection to the server and even when I select ""offline mode"" it still reconnects whenever you open up the map.Car handling feels boggyThe only way to get 'gear mods' is to achieve good scores in minigames. None of these minigames are particularly appealing. Personally I have only done the land races.Even worse, if you unlock nitrous for you cars, it only applies when you get the car dropped in which is annoyingI have 30 hours in the game and I have enjoyed a good amount of it,  however the constant online and the constant reconnecting to servers is wearing thin.If you enjoyed Just cause 2 for the openworld explody-ness you will enjoy this game.I would pay $20 for this game and that is disappointing considering this is a triple-a title"
,Recommended,225540,23750275,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Haannhh,"When I got hooked in actually hooking a a guy to a car and flinging them both up to the sky and I too fling myself to the sky and watch the car and the guy fall down as I go full-wingsuit, I knew this is a good game I will stupidly play to kill time.But you wanna know why I love this game? Just cause!Ha. Ha. Ha."
76561198074410997,Recommended,225540,28425135,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Kendaar,"This game has 2 draws:1. Explosions2. WingsuitEverything is extra stuff which isnt something you need to use and most probably wont use to often if your an average gamer but can be fun.These 2 are what you want to judge the game on if your intending to buy, I have always wanted a game with a wingsuit, but the abilty to keep going instead of the far cry method of crashing and then running up a mountain to try again, and who doesnt like explosions?So I brought it. Played it for a few days and dropped it and i come back every now and again to fly around and blow stuff up for a bit.Overall its a nice game to mess about in and is designed around such an approach, but has little to offer beyond it. If the 2 draws interest you then this is the best game for it so grab it, but since it is all to offer try and grab it at a reduced price."
76561198041002302,Recommended,225540,28660044,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,cobrawolf54,very awesome game lots of things to blow up and people to kill
76561198240380854,Recommended,225540,28420981,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ohajha,Great game realy loved it. Graphics r amaxing
,Recommended,225540,29066224,Posted: 6 January,all,Pim #Baby Mario,its fun and now supports multiplayer just buy it
,Recommended,225540,28666726,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mr.Beee,"Well, I have put a good few hours into the game now, I had one crash, but that was due to my potatoe and not the game. I'm running it on old hardware, and I get 45 to 60 fps on medium. With the settings on high I get 30 to 40 and on max, well, my PC can get 20 to 30 fps and it runs a million times smoother than a lot of other AAA games, even at 30fps, the only thing I can agree on however, is the vehicles, the handling genuinely sucks."
76561198084750842,Recommended,225540,29064406,Posted: 6 January,all,Mike Litorus,"if you loved just cause 2, you will love just cause 3(batteries not included)"
76561197961954854,Recommended,225540,28419883,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Chewhee,Nice game
,Recommended,225540,29704638,Posted: 4 February,all,didny,Gooood game! I really enjoy it.
,Recommended,225540,29067580,Posted: 6 January,all,Cutlass72,Mutliplayer client is so much fun
,Recommended,225540,19430687,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,K9,"Rico sounds like Dracula.10/10 Would blow up dudes to badass Dracula-Rico lines again.Okay, serious review: The story isn't that good, same as the other 2 games. It's just ""Oh big bad president tyrant man you have to save the people Rico"" But the freedom of the games, especially this one, makes up for everything. also if you play with mods, I'd question your mental stability."
,Recommended,225540,28803357,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Benchmark,😎
,Recommended,225540,28806021,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cooldude,"Just Cause 3... Where to start. I freaking loved it. One last word ""Boom""10/10 you really can't make this a soild meme just try.  It's Just Flat out fun, Why ten out of ten Just Cause."
,Recommended,225540,19466343,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,bobdylan401,"This is an epic sandbox that captures the feeling of playing jc2 for the first time.Pros: The massive scale and  especially verticality of the map is just great, and a joy to explore.The grapple mechanics/grapple boost and more nuanced and subtle parachute slingshot go hand in hand with the wing suit and the verticality and physics really shines. You will find that you can literally fly around endlessly along elevated cities in your wing suit, and the feeling of using a grapple in your wing suit to barely make it over a hump without your body scraping and slowing you or rag dolling you, to shoot over a giant ravine or crevice that you could fly down in any way you choose, theres nothing like it. If you ever liked the spiderman games this game is a dream it has the best grapple physics to date.Probably the best thing about the game is the unadulterated laughter that you get in the game from the explosion and new tether physics. Now you can tether anything to anything, and then retract that tether, and release it whenever you want. See a deer on the side of the mountain, lets see if we can catapult it over the other side of the mountain, just cause.You can apply more tethers to create stronger bonds and pulls. (but sadly theres no gore so you can't pull bodies apart). My dark side definitely comes out but me and my friends laugh about it as we'll tend to have people hanging from the ceiling of the gas station and then fling some red barrels in there.Cons: No sprint, no stealth, not optimized well. For some reason I need to have everything on low/off to get the game at a steady 60 fps  at 900p. Its absolutely worth it though, the worst thing is that the game will sometimes freeze for a second with a sound loop before an explosion or randomly, but its not too often to make it not worth it. Id say once every 20 minutes on average"
,Recommended,225540,21882990,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,YeS MaN,oh YOU SHUOLD BE f**8in kidding meThis game is great if you love the previous Just causeI am a fan of Just Cause 2 and this game is AwsomeBut Notice There isnt any physics rules :)
76561198093724680,Recommended,225540,28803948,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BBB,"I have somehow only played 104 hours of this game, if I could play more I would play more but to be honest I've done everything. Thats not too say theres not plenty of content thats tons of fun; the map is huge, its just easier to traverse and you can more efficiently blow things up than in the previous just cause. This is the only game on steam that I've bought that was not on a sale (because I couldn't wait) and I've never regreted it."
,Not Recommended,225540,26878108,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Werewolf Gimmick,"Annoying DRM and a lot of issues with optimisation.  Yeah, I'd wait a little longer for this one.That being said, if you liked Just Cause 2 you will definitely enjoy this, provided you can reach a decent framerate."
,Recommended,225540,23980255,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ONYX,"Remember that game you used to love for that one level in it? That one level you played over and over because it was your favourite level, because you got to drive a tank in it or use a mounted machine gun or ride a T-Rex for five minutes and it was the best thing ever? Remember doing that?Just Cause 3 takes that moment and creates a whole game for it. Every part of this game is as exciting as the next, with the only limit of fun being how creative you are with how you bring things down. Every limitation this game has for things like Rebel Drops (spawning in vehicles and weapons) can be lifted or improved by unlocking gears which, after a little progression, totally unlocks the potential in this game.Yes, there are some performance hitches and it could do with a few bug patches, but that's okay. By the way, some of the performance issues seem to be fixed by playing the game while Steam is in offline mode (for me at least.) But honestly? It runs at a steady 60fps for about 85-95% of the time. It drops in the capital city, and it drops now and again totaly at random but never below 35~fps (minus the very minor stuttering.)Now I've talked about performance, and because it's a AAA high-demand game, I suppose a spec breakdown is obligatory.i5 4590 @ 3.3GHz8GB system RAMGTX 970 4GBOh and I use a PS3 controller running through the ScpDriver (to make it pretend it's an XBox controller.)(This is to answer any queries about the controller impacting performance like I saw someone say, not because I want people to discuss my choice of controller.)"
,Recommended,225540,27744104,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Oliver Queen,I bought this game Just Cause I can and I loved it! Worth a buy! 100%
76561198177271655,Recommended,225540,23106450,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,thunderace06,"Just Cause 3 Is A Very Fun Game If You Are Bored. You Can Blow Up Everything,Tether Things And Retract Them Which Can Be Very Buggy,And You Can Buy The 3 Dlc's Which Add New Areas The Best One Is The Mech Dlc In My Opinion. But Optimazation Is Very Crappy Sadly. Also Mods Are A Whole Bunch Of Fun. Overall I Recommend This Game To Everyone."
,Recommended,225540,21369334,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,✪ papa csgoroll.com,"Good game, however there is alot of bugs. I absolutely love when I play this game, but whenever I try to leave my computer crashes? There's also a starting bug (maybe just for me) that once I click start it will wait another thirty second firing a gun shot sound?"
,Recommended,225540,21351742,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,My computer is less garbage,I could never get past the loading screen.Need to download more RAM.9/11
76561197971967825,Recommended,225540,20144743,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DaBoss,"Weak story line but just cause was never a great story teller just a means to get you round the map and pick up more equipment. That said its great just to drop into and blow lots of stuff up, the challenges are a good diversion when you geta little bored with liberating towns and bases. My biggest moan would have to be about the path finding which sometimes just does not appear or is difficult too see, the map could use some tweaking as well. On the whole many hours of mayhem but if you want a strong story look elsewhere."
,Recommended,225540,33036031,Posted: 30 June,all,Reprody,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,225540,20100681,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,FaZe Jeff,"I can only play for 30 minutes with the new update because it crashes.  I would recommend this game, but dont get the DLC it will crash your computer. I have a beefy computer I've tried to lower the quality, it didn't work."
,Not Recommended,225540,24920616,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,NT | Muny_Man,"I was so exited about this game when I saw it but all the excitement faded when it kept crashing due to ""low memeory"" I have 8gb of pro ram!"
76561198083617708,Recommended,225540,33803038,Posted: 26 July,all,Robert Irvine,"I can't say this game is a must play, but it is one to at least experience.It's fun in short bursts and has some interesting mechanics.If you can get it for around 10-15 bucks i'd say its at least worth a try.Also while i've had no problems (except for the occasional drop below 60) with 16gib of ram, gtx 1060 and i5 6600k, i know some people have had some serious performance issues, especially with AMD cards.And if you can't run this, JS2 is the next best thing, it's also cheaper.You probably won't regret buying JS3. However, you won't be missing out on to much either"
,Not Recommended,225540,27740786,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jedah Dohma,"This game is an unoptimized mess, eats RAM like there's no tomorrow.It's also prone to hang the entire system up (most likely because of the said memory leak)On top of that it doesn't even support multiple GPUs setups.Gameplay wise it seems like a worthy successor to Just Cause 2, but the pathetic state this game has been released by the developer, and even worse the way it still is now, a year from release, is just inexcusable for a product with this kind of budget.Avoid."
76561198068981069,Not Recommended,225540,27680419,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cpt.freedom attorney at justice,terrible preformance for what the graphics are.
76561198202280876,Recommended,225540,33913716,Posted: 30 July,all,Rebel_Storm,"I feel like this is more CoD-ish than CoD. You run, you gun, your top priority is to basically create as much havoc and as big of explosions as you possibly can. It is genuinly hard to die when you're trying to die.Great way to blow off steam when life sucks.Note that it for some reason is unable to play in 1768x992, which happened to be my native resolution. This led to severe confusion on my part till i googled and found out I needed to run it in a different resolution.Its fun blowing junk up. However I can not reccommend you try any of this game in real life. I do highly reccomend fulfilling your inner arsonist/psycopath by playing this game."
76561198052109716,Recommended,225540,32916662,Posted: 28 June,all,Sarumoon,You are basicly an all denim version of Iron Man.
,Not Recommended,225540,30106085,Posted: 22 February,all,ErrorManiac,"I will just downvote the game because for waht it suppose to be (fun destruction in unique ways) it fails so bad its just sad all they had to do was gives us things to blow now exercices to be able to blow up things and do other stuff in a fun way.Problem is you are forced to do chalanges no exeptions what so ever not unless you dont want to unlock anything like rocker powered c4 to stick on people and tanks and whats them fly and cause masive destrucion or just laugh nop got to do chalanges ohh and thats not the bad part, the bad part most chalanges are completely bugged there one where you have to drive a car at surtain speed or you lose more points and then jump out just before hitting your targets to destroy them as the car is the bomb. well problem is they dont get destroyed by the explosion of your car or your car explodes as soon as you jump out so you cant complete it at all it just make no difference what you do (some of these type of chalanges seem to be okey as in work but about 40% dont),These challanges just screw it up completely you start getting infuriated to get those 5 gears you need for stupid♥♥♥♥♥unlocks and maybe you even want the achievement, they give 0 fun, make 0 sense why not give gear unlocks for destroing bases so we can have fun and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up experiment any way we want and at the end get nice stuff for it, this aint dark souls ♥♥♥♥♥, yet its so much harder especialy cause of the broken chalanges that exist for no reason other then to distract you from fun and then infuriate you so much that even when you get nice stuff you dont give a damn any more you just had 2 hours of broken♥♥♥♥♥chalanges that were uter dissaster and the last thing on your mind is using those unlocks anywhere ells cause you probebly have to take paracytamol to deal with the furry and headache you have now. I know i had to.in short they made a fun game for 10% of the game but they made you get infuriated and uterly wanting to shred your keyboard to peaces just so you could have a tiny bit of fun later... ggg who ever made this♥♥♥♥♥♥game here how ya fix it remove all chalanges boom revies go up we have fun idiots...(ps it has random chrashes after 2 years of release (well techincaly less but they dont listen to player feed back so they wont get fixed, also memory leak have fun the more you destroy the more later it will lag lol so dont destroy and profit?)"
76561198097423182,Not Recommended,225540,33843171,Posted: 27 July,all,SebfromMTL,"Controls are really bad, felt sluggish and unresponsive"
,Recommended,225540,29100981,Posted: 7 January,all,Tasty Gravy,"Alot of people complain about the controls and how bad they are. I think that those people wrote their revews about 30 mins into the game. For the first time, I am going to write an actual revew for my faverate game of all time.Driving: Alot of people dont like the driving in the game, and when I first started playing, I didnt eather. But now, I really like it. It gives alot more control over your movements compared to jc2, but will take a while to get used to. So instead of just not driving like I did for a long time, practice and learn the movement and the feel of the cars.Cars: The nitres you can get for cars is a huge thing that I always thought jc2 was m,issing, and it makes the game so much more fast paced, and the turbo jump lets you get most other cars without swerving to miss them, which can make driving much easyer too.Motorbikes: As far as bikes go, I personaly dont like to use them, not because of their control, just because their jumping is not as high as cars, but their control is ok, the turning is a bit strange though, where if you just went left and you want to go right, rico has to begin to lean right before he turns right, but after that, he just turns right untill you want to go left.Boats: I really like the boats in this game, expecaly the mecanic it has where if you are stranded at sea, boats will spawn around you so you han steal them. As for the controls, they are as you would expect. The turning takes a little bit and you must be on the water for it to turn, but they are a very small part of the game.Planes: In all games, I love to fly, but at first, the flying really put me off for a while. The planes have 2 ways of turning; the ""spin and pitch up/down"" and rudder control, where the whole plane turns. The spining is a bit strange and I have goten used to it, but to use it you need to really learn it, dont just hop in and expect to fly perfect first try.Helecopters: The heles in the game are not really looked at as ""mobility"" but ""weponry"" they are made as air controled guns that do alot of damage, but dont move particualy fast.Wepons: This is a bit of a strange subject, as I am very torn on them. On one hand I like how you can get them so easly and freely, but on the other hand, they all feel almost ""too"" strong. With most of the guns, it takes only a few shots to kill  the weaker enemys. Overall, I think it is something that very much helps you as you do have to fight 3 wars so I think I'll give it a tick of approval.Grapple: This is the part of Just Cause that everybody knows and loves, and jc3 has not at all disapointed. Not only has the grapple mecanics been revamped, where when you where stuck on the botem of something you had to graple again, but now you can 'fling' yourself off it, but now you can attatch object together and pull them together. This makes the game so much nicer to use and control, ecpecaly when trying to steal a car as you can stick it to the ground and stop it.Wingsuit: The big thing of jc3, my faverate feature. The wingsuit is not something that is 'easy' to use. It will requier some using to understand how it works and the right feel to the movement, but once to do figur it out, it is the most rewarding feeling when you just wingsuit through a whole city like a boss, passing all the builings at the speed of light.Story: I am not going to give an overvew for the story as it is too hard to put into words, I am just going to explain the key features.Charecters: The charecters that you meet in the game are all so well made. From Mario to Di revelo to just the people, they all are just really well made people. The rebels (you) will get into your cars if you honk at them to help you out, and Di revelo is a charecter who you really get to understand through his tapes you find across the land. Overall, I just love the way they are all put together and made to just work.Missions: I never liked how in jc2 you had to wait forever to get another mission, and alot of the side quests were quite borring, but in jc3, you always have a mission to do. After you finish a mission, you instantly have a new one to do, and instead of side quests, you have encounters where you have a little objective to do, like get a boat in the water and take a car the the gas startion, and ones for the rebles like take someone in a plane to a location or steal a limo and get infomation from a Di revelo informant.Stunts: I am not talking about landing cars on a train when I say 'stunts', I mean the stunt position. In jc2, you could only be in 1-3 places on any car, and only 1 on planes, but in jc3, you can walk all over them and attack from the best position. On the cago plane you can grapple from wing to wing and walk around to the back of it and enter the cago bay from the front hatch. Just amazing.Races and gears: I am working on my 100% of jc3, which means I have to get 5 gears on every chalenge, so I can say that they are very well made. Most of the time you will get at least 3 gears on a chalenge, but to get the full 5, you need to get a really good go at them and really know the track. Every gear that you get will help you get 'gear mods' which give you new abilitys, like c4 rocket booters, or the nitres and turbo jump.DLC: Before this game, I had never bought DLC, then I saw the air, land and sea pack, and I had to get it. It adds a whole bunch more missions, a whole air base, a new island, a wole lot of wreked buildings and♥♥♥♥♥♥is the sea, alot of new guns, 2 mechs, a new powered wingsuit and a god damn lightning gun! It might be a bit expensive, but if you see it on sale, just get it, you will not be disapointed in it. You get so much more amazing content and youget to play it within mabey 30 minets of getting into the game, and doesent disrupt the rest of the game at all.Overall, I would recomend this game to anyone who can run it, you will not be disapointed in it at all.Note:I have compleated my 100% compleation of Just Cause 3, and it is still fun to play with nothing else to do! Reason being that you can do anything. You could strap a car to the back of a plane, fly it into the air and try and land the car on a road (because why use a cago plane). You never truely finish this game, because there is no end to it, you are buying an eturnity of things to do."
76561198039161965,Recommended,225540,20383199,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Hamsto24,"So far have spent 25 hrs in this game, beat the story @ 20 hrs. This is the first Just Cause I have played, also my setup is an i5 4590, gtx 970 ssc, 8GB ram, HDD, 1080p monitor. Have a few pro's and cons I want to mention.ProSuper fun as far as just causing pure havoc with a wide variety of tools. (hehe, ""just causing"")Good variety of side challengesGood variety of weapons from pistols/rifles/rpgs/nuke launchersWingsuit/tethering/parachute mechanic is great, easy to get use to. Makes it really fun getting around the map in the early stages.I particularly enjoyed the leaderboard aspect of the game, whenever it popped up I took it as a small challenge; however, I have good internet, so I can see where that might be a con to some even though the game does offer an offline mode.Settlements can be taken over using a variety of tactics, from lots of explosions and guns, to lots of tethering and flying around.Relatively large map.ConTake-overs are very cookie cutter. The only challenge is the number of chaos objects you have to destroy to get the base/settlement. Once you know how to neutralise the defenses, you pretty much control how challenging you want it to be.Vehicles are very OP, once you get ahold of something with a cannon/missiles, you're pretty much invincible if you learn how to drive it.You navigate 3 islands. 2 pretty small, 1 freaking enormous one. The giant island makes wingsuiting seem pretty slow after getting use to it for the previous locations.This game is moderately buggy. When exiting from challenges sometimes the screen will freeze until I hit the default exit button (ctrl). I experience ghosting during cutscenes and moderate frames drops/stuttering after ~1 hr.Vehicle controls are wonky. Planes rotate around the camera view and don't allow for good mouse control. Key mapping between helicopter/plane is independent except for one area, weapons. Found this out the hard way when I blew myself up upon taking off in a helicopter.Unnecessary total score system. (You blew up a tank! Yay here's some points that go to absolutely nothing!)Gear upgrades are assigned to certain challenges. (i.e. If you want to upgrade your tethers to the max, you better learn how to drive a vehicle well...with people shooting at you. Want more ammo for your RPG? Get more accurate with your pistols. Want to order more than one air drop? Learn how to fly.)Story missions are fun, plot is useless, but they need to be completed to get past certain points on the map.Has a lot of filler mechanics/challenges (i.e. sanctuary, shrines, tapes)OverallI would recommend this game to others. I got it on the winter sale for ~$40 which I would say is a fair price. The open sandbox still allows me to play it after beating it the story so I can still blow stuff up to my hearts content with greater and greater weapons.8/10 would dive into the side of a cliff again."
,Not Recommended,225540,33014607,Posted: 29 June,all,DaBoamb,"Remarkable game, awful optimization. I don't know how it was allowed to be released in such a state, wherein it craps itself constantly with terrible hangs and stutters. The worse part is that this game is being actively distributed even after a year and a half, with zero improvement to neither the consoles or PC performance. This is the same case as Saints Row 2 basically, the game is amazing, but the developers didn't seem to put any effort into optimizing it for performance. I originally ignored the negative reviews and wanted to see for myself how bad this actually was, and ended up refunding it almost instantly afterwards. What's even weirder is that they still had the balls to show off their season pass and other DLC, asking us to spend even more money on a full price broken game."
76561198156838870,Not Recommended,225540,33750124,Posted: 23 July,all,Boreta514,"feels unpolished, frustrating bugs/controls. can be fun, but a lot of it is ruined by sloppy mechanics."
,Recommended,225540,20213531,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mr.SC,"BOOM,BOOM,BOOM......and BOOM.....AND the beautiful scenery!!!When you feel bored,it is a good game to spend your time."
76561198014327015,Recommended,225540,26939434,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tarz,"This is a game about explosions. It asks deep questions like, ""What is to explosion?"", ""How does an explosion feel?"", ""Am I an explosion?""""Explode things. Become the Socrates of boom."
76561198093907522,Recommended,225540,28354151,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Giovani,"This is my first review, so be gentle ;)This game was on my wishlist since it was announced, but the high price and bad reviews always scared me away, Today I finally bought it and these are my sincere impressions.First I need to say that my PC is low end(1st gen. i7 870, 6gb, gtx 650)and did not meet the minimum requirements to run the game.And talking about the performance, setting graphics to low it run at 30fps sometimes at 50fps and rarely 60fps, this with hd resolution, probably it can get a little better with some tweaks. sometimes it lag, but apparently it is random, it can run smooth (30fps smooth) in middle of tons of explosions and lag when there is nothing to draw.Bottom line, if you have a mid end rig and are not a graphics wh*** and can ignore some lags,  you can play it and have some fun.Gameplay problems:Driving:car control is kind of easy, but driving is just stupid, the handling is similar to the first 3d driving Flash browser games, or like that ultra cheap racing games you can find out there, until now this was my biggest deception with this game.Controls:it seems kind of non intuitive, and let alone the ""CTRL"" is the new ""ESC"".HUD:where is the mini map??? there is lots of people complaining about it, and they are right, I really miss it, the checkpoints or mission markers are hard to see and the mini map would help. Ah but there is a big and useless speedometer ;)General:Rico can't sprint;Voices:Rico and his local friends seems Russian, Italian, Indian, the accent changes according the the word they spoke, but it is still better than rear Bolo Santosi talking.TL;DR: It is on sale, you have a mid end PC and you are a calm person: Buy it! If not, wait until it became dirty cheap."
76561198284341147,Recommended,225540,28357563,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Strange is Life,"What's not to like, This game is georgous and phenomenal in terms of gameplay and performance. Buy this only if your rig can handle it. Have a considerable about of vram in order for it to work without problems and issues. I am happy with my purchase and it brought back memories of my childhood from its predecessor just cause 2. I only bought this on a sale due to the heavy impact it would have on my wallet before the discount. And it is money well spent. Hard core destruction and spontanous heavy action packed parkcore grappling sky gripping game that with its strength also has it's weakness.First of all the only innovation for me in gameplay is the sky diving wings and the ability to cluster and create combinations with your hook to even be more creative in how you approach destruction and fun. Anything else feels the same and repetitive which was to be fair just cause 2 strong point due to different ways you can handle destruction while you chuckle and grin to the demise of a base racking up points desruction never felt any better."
,Recommended,225540,29095378,Posted: 7 January,all,faruqi_indo,nice game
,Recommended,225540,29089381,Posted: 7 January,all,jackscape,bang i shoot
76561198195504423,Recommended,225540,28983653,Posted: 3 January,all,Tr3kz,"Just Cause 3 is one of those games where u can destroy a lot of stuff. U can do multiple combos betwen wingsuit parachute and graplehook which is really nice. If u think a little bit, the game seems to be quite repetitive but it doesnt matter because i can asure you that you will love this game if you like destroying things."
76561198038183141,Not Recommended,225540,24002378,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Paul_the_Hutt,"Awesome gameplay just like the second one but it's plagued by too many fps dips and slowdowns for me to recommend. It's been this way since it's release for me and it's like this on both my desktop and laptop. The game suffers from memory leaks and poor optimization, even on the consoles from what I hear. They seem to be putting out patches and DLC but none of them work for me and many others on Steam. Maybe someday they'll finally fix it but for now their concerned with grabbing as much money as they can it seems. So sad."
76561198111944720,Not Recommended,225540,24819017,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,oof,Good game. just... make more to do please? And don't ban me just cause i disliked it.
76561198049392462,Not Recommended,225540,20334279,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Enigma,"Dissapointed. Horrible performance even after following the guides, My pc can easily run the witcher 3 and fallout 4 but Jc3 at the worst settings? Less than 10fps. Wouldn't buy again until fixed COMPLETELY"
76561198066506978,Not Recommended,225540,24172663,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ragnarok Ookami,"So....I want to love and play this game, my computer is great but even with that. The game is still completely unplayable with how bad the lag is. With every expolsion every load screen just....everything unbarable constant lag. Ive been waiting for patches for it but it dosnt seem like thats ever going to happen."
76561198099272820,Not Recommended,225540,23849690,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ajax,Nobody get this game until the devs fix their crap and let people who fit the recommended requirements play the ♥♥♥♥ing game without it crashing what a load of horse♥♥♥♥♥
76561197971287922,Not Recommended,225540,23864014,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Pollo Maldit0,It seems to be a fun game if you manage to run it.The cumbersome process of trying to play it is enough to really hate this game.This unplayable garbage is the card console players use when someone says PC Master Race.
,Not Recommended,225540,23971333,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,McHall,Crashes every few minutes consistently. Doesn't matter what is going on in the game. Unplayable until a new patch comes out.
,Not Recommended,225540,24113967,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,CottonBalls,"This game was not what I had thought it was...The story was worse that ANY game I have ever played, granted I had only played for about 30 min, there was nothing that grabbed my attention and was duller than a smooth rock.I gave it a shot by listening through the cut scenes, but for some reason, the lethargic conversations and monotone voice's were just not that exciting...Then the controlls, what a joke. I dont understand how the default layout of the key mapping is so spread out and not for my taste. The hook and parachute for instance, right click is normally zoom on every FPS game, but it was grapple, then space is parachute but if you are used to right click  zoom and are on the parachute, it grapples again and completly threw me off.Combat was god awful for me because of the key mapping, but what was even worse was the vehicle controls... the helicopter for instance, so strafe pitch or yaw, just plane jane movement. The acceleration of the helicopter was completly unrealistic (yes i know its a game) but it moved WAY to fast.With the few negatives i listed, there were many, many more and just dont feel like including all of them.The one positive about this game is the visuals, they were great, but in no way shape or form did that one single component want me to continue on with this game.Submitted for refund and was processed in a matter of an hour. Will never play again....."
,Not Recommended,225540,30433033,Posted: 10 March,all,Storxm,"Don't buy it!I thought I could run this too... until it didn't run properly.Don't be fooled! 70 FPS when running around, drops to 32 FPS when explosions happen.Unless you've got a decent computer, save yourself the trouble and don't buy this game!UNOPTIMIZED"
76561198052260629,Recommended,225540,35414293,Posted: 2 October,all,ggoddy,"The amount of fun you can have in this massive world by just randomly roaming through it and causing mayhem is unparalleled.And yes, the main story is basically ""liberate the citizens by destroying everthing which is marked red and setting the whole world on fire"" but who cares when the game is this much fun to play.But sadly the game is poorly optimized and there are performance issues even on high end hardware so keep that in mind before purchasing."
76561198111836878,Not Recommended,225540,23932006,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Spethro,"Piece of trash doesn't even allow me to play because it doesn't connect to online mode. When it gives me the option to play offline and I accept, it continues to try and connect to the online mode. Seriously it's just square enix doesn't want us to play the game. I've left the game open trying to go online for six hours with no luck. There is nothing wrong with my internet. FIX YOUR BROKEN PIECE OF GARBAGE THAT YOU CALL A TRIPLE A TITLE YOU GREEDY ♥♥♥♥S!!!"
,Not Recommended,225540,23979250,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Scary Duckies,"There's some good gameplay here. Lot's of explosion ,mindless shooting and it's open world. I haven't played the game much to give a full review but I can say this, I don't recommend this game. It's poorly optimize. Lot's of shuttering and a huge memory leak causing it to lag over time and it's constant need for internet connection for some score crap. And it's not just on pc, consoles have experience similar performance issues. Problems like this should be patch on day 1 not release DLC's. If the developers can't be bothered fix their own game then we as customers shouldn't be bothered to buy their future titles. They can go bankrupt for all I care.For the record, I might change this review if the developers start to fix their game."
,Not Recommended,225540,23985548,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,strangedev,"TL;DR: Dont't buy this game until it has been thoroughly fixed.This is not a review about the game itself, but rather about it's technical difficulties, that, in my opinion, make it unplayable at the moment.First things first: This game was ported badly to the PC from it's console versions. This shows in a couple of ways:The controls are imprecise and the button layout is horrible. It is adjustable, but the devs could've at least thought of a consistent and usable layout as a standard. The current layout is a testament to the lazyness with which the PC port has been implemented.The game lacks common options, like an adjustable FOV or a master volume slider. The lack of a FOV slider is particularly irritating, as the 3rd person camera is placed really close to your character compared to the older titles in the franchise.The graphics options, while being there, don't help improving the framrate much, which is caused by the next problem:The graphics are poorly optimized for the PC, even with settings set to low, the framerate tanks to sub 30 fps on a regular basis on my gtx 760. This is unacceptable, considering other relatively new titles are able to run at 60 fps (with a few tweaks) consistently on my system.The game crashes regularly. I have yet been unable to complete any mission but the tutorial, because this game keeps crashing after a short period of time whenever you either reach a mission starting zone, or you're moving too fast (for example driving at top speeds inside a vehicle).The loading times are absolutely outrageous. This game takes several minutes to load from a regular HDD. The online login which is performed every time the game is started also takes a minimum of 30 seconds to show up in the first place and then another 30 seconds to disappear again. This is before the actual loading has even started.It is a shame to see a product which is maybe worthy of a play-testing beta being released and aggresively marketed as part of the summer sale and I would strongly advise against buying it, even for the low price, as most people will likely be disappointed by the lack of technical thought that has been put into this title."
,Not Recommended,225540,24007797,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ayeast,So i bought this game to try how much my new laptop can do...Its not bad but its boring after 2 hours. The story is meh.Its not worth the 50 euros nor is it worth 25...If you want to try it buy it but i would just return it.
76561198153453145,Not Recommended,225540,24219089,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Windows 98,The story line is excellent and the graphics are good but the controls are FREAKING TERRIBLE the game is more frustrating to play than it is fun
76561198129472679,Not Recommended,225540,24396537,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Joker,This game has the worst optimisation
,Not Recommended,225540,23962052,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,NeoDHack,"full of bugs, always crash, horrible fps drop even with the lowest setting on r9 390x... its hard to enjoy the game when it crash every 30minutes"
76561198118272441,Not Recommended,225540,24394758,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,TxBlackLabel (HardRoc),"I have tried with this game, if I could get a refund I'll take it. I'm glad that I got this on the Steam sale, really feel for those that paid $59.99. The game play has its mixed bag of likes and dislikes. Love the updates from the previous versions of Just Cause series.When I start, if I get one pop at the logo, I get no sound every time. Hit Alt-tab, close it, restart, pop again. Restart, If I hear a squelch then two pops, I've got sound. I can live with that. Played some last night before bedtime with no issues other than the sound at start.Today, I get the sound glitch, slow frame rate, like 20, my Steam is in Russian during the game even though it shows english when I Alt-tab. The controls are dead, no mouse, keyboard or controller will work from the menu.I have done IT support for various clients since the mid to late 80's, built everything from show case gaming systems to servers. I have all the latest drivers and programs for my setup. All other top end and simple games run smoothly and no issues. This is the first game I've just given up on and just want a refund.Windows 10 ProAMD FX X8 3.5Ghz32.0GB DDR34095MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 (Driver 368.81)NVIDIA High Definition AudioDirect X 12.0Samsung SSD 840 EVO 120GB (C drive)Samsung SSD 840 EVO 1TB  (D drive)"
,Not Recommended,225540,35402276,Posted: 1 October,all,Loafer,"The game is fun but there is a game breaking glitch for me where I am stuck at the first loading screen forever. I tried to uninstall and reinstall, verify game files, etc. Nothing works. ♥♥♥♥ square enix and this game. You would think that with 2 years the glitches would no longer ♥♥♥♥ the game up this bad."
76561197979207978,Recommended,225540,35458153,Posted: 3 October,all,TR4VELER,Great game for anyone who wants to just be in an open world and explode just about everything.
76561198006300816,Recommended,225540,35458738,Posted: 3 October,all,christian,"Good game. Casual. Epic explotions. But, game can hang if the servers cant' be reached. Also, I've seen a couple of overloads with too much things going on. Then the game crashes. Also, bought the game with expansions. Those are good to have. Worth it if it's on sale with expansions. Good game to relax with."
,Recommended,225540,35452405,Posted: 3 October,all,Fluffy Bunny 666,"Just Cause was a ""NOPE"" for me, especially considering I started the series when the third game was published. The second game was like ""Oh, that's why people like it but it's annoyingly repetitive after first twenty hours"". I didn't realize I spent almost 100 hours in this game before I got all the achievements. Just Cause is not ""Troll GTA"". It has it's own story, own gameplay, and a unique protagonist. I never played on easy mode but it is not easy on hardcore mode, I can assure you. This game series has the most annoying, almost impossible challanges, which might cause several rage quits even if you are used to hard and challanging games. A MUST."
,Recommended,225540,35248575,Posted: 27 September,all,Peter,Worst spiderman game ever
,Recommended,225540,19409190,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Universals ^◡^,Explodes treeExplodes carExplodes trainExplodes helicopterExplodes planeExplodes roadExplodes houseExplodes statueExplodes radarExplodes shipExplodes selfDiesThe end
76561198086737695,Recommended,225540,30761311,Posted: 26 March,all,AJ,If you liked just cause 2 you will love this.
,Recommended,225540,30072360,Posted: 20 February,all,Mr.Salt,"Really love it, even though it may become repetitive it never gets old to blow things up on every town you liberate. on my case no chrashes have happened yet and no stuttering graphics."
,Recommended,225540,30022453,Posted: 18 February,all,IvanZenpai,"Amazing game, if you bought just cause 2 you are going to love this one"
76561197993763693,Recommended,225540,30022342,Posted: 18 February,all,[YJL] ZondaFreak,"Foremost, let's cover the negatives. This is not the same game we all grew to love in Just Cause 2. That title was far better in terms of overall gameplay, size of the map, variety of vehicles, variety of town / military base layouts and overall amusing behavior of the AI. Furthermore, the challenges seemed a little more thought out, making you more keen to try them. There is no storyline (though there never has been in this series), so don't buy this game if you're looking for that. Additionally, Just Cause 3 has a couple annoying additions. Most notable is the new online leaderboard system which displays pop-ups when any feat you perform is bested by another player (longest kill streak in a vehicle, furthest distance traveled in your wingsuit, etc). You may like this feature, but I found it to be pointlessly invasive. I don't buy a game like this to try and mimic anyone else's gameplay, it's a destruction sandbox. This new element can be disabled by booting the game while offline, but there really should be a way to disable this feature in-game.Now for what this game does well, and there is quite a bit. Graphics are vastly improved, as is the physics engine. More items and structures are destructible compared to JC2 and I can't emphasize enough that the explosions are gorgeous - that's what this game is all about. The combat system is improved and smoother, with extra options added in, such as the ability to hack SAM sites to work for you as opposed to the military. The number of weapons in this game is greater than that in JC2, though the same basic weapon types exist overall: handguns, shotguns, sniper rifles, assault rifles and rocket launchers (plus a few special weapons as was the case with JC2's DLC packages). As part of the rebel drop system, you are now able to call in not only weaponized / military vehicles you've acquired, as was the case in JC2, but also any civilian vehicle you've brought to any of the garages scattered throughout the world. Not necessarily helpful, but fun to have. Finally, once the game is completed, you have the ability to reset and reconquer areas, which can add an element of replayability.I should also note that while many do have issues with game stability and optimization, I've only had the game crash on me 3 times in nearly 40 hours of gameplay and I haven't witnessed any performance issues with my system (using i7-4790K, GTX 1070, 16GB RAM and Windows 8.1 Pro).Worth the sale price when it's 75% off, especially if you grab the Air, Land and Sea Expansion Pass to gain access to a weaponized wingsuit and mechs for a couple extra bucks, but wouldn't buy it off the rack at $60.7/10"
76561198202202856,Recommended,225540,30023283,Posted: 18 February,all,KnightVGaming hellcase.com,All out great game i have no lifed this and i am having so much fun i dont have any problems with the game just a all out greatest out of the 3 i just love the whole thing
76561198096352987,Recommended,225540,35476053,Posted: 4 October,all,No One,"Having bad day, just turn on JC3 and blow things! because no one can handle explosions better than JC3"
,Recommended,225540,19822692,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Ugles,i rate this game a solid 5/7
,Recommended,225540,33171823,Posted: 3 July,all,wasw,Destruction everywhere. this game is very good better then just cause 2
,Recommended,225540,27464940,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,El Comandante,This is awsome.  Like godmode more fun GTA/SR.
76561198089483687,Recommended,225540,20022249,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Task,I don't understand what these people are talking about. I have a 970 and getting 60+ consistent fps on max settings. 10/10 game for me.
,Recommended,225540,24034913,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ericklijmeij,"(YOU NEED 16GBS OF RAM TO RUN THIS GAME!)If you can run this game, it is honetly amasing.Its full of action and explosions (obviously),and who an complain about that.Its funny how there are writters for the story LOL.What story? This is Just Cause."
,Recommended,225540,21698510,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,$T0RM,Very Good game. Much fun.
76561198294677953,Recommended,225540,30367982,Posted: 6 March,all,CSGOHAPPYNORWAY upgrade.gg,Really good but you have to have a really good grapichs card.
76561198036732153,Not Recommended,225540,23302286,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Proxy,"great fun game till you finish destroying all of the enemy towns then your left with nothing. no real mod support. game gets kinda boring after a while. forced to do challenges if you want to upgrade your stuff for maxium fun. no sandbox, stupid pop up box that tells you who beat you at some stunt and theres no option to get rid of it. cant customize cars guns or even your character. the Main Islands interior and the ""lost Island"" are both completely devoid of citys or anything really. theres no special places like in JC2(like the skyballoon bar, or any kind of race track) basically this is JC2 with better graphic(barely) way less things to do, not worth exploring map, no multiplayer, stupid challenges, stupid AI that can only win with numbers, and some minor addons to the characters stuff. oo yeah and the game has major performace issues. oo and DLC....waste of HDD/SSD space get Just Cause 2 insteadheres a little story of my experinces 1 year later after not playing for a long time.After not playing in forever and getting a great new pc build(i5-6400 1060 6gigs vram 16g ddr4 ram) i open the game (which still takes forever to load), saw they relased many more expensive dlc's (like the money grabbers devs are) went to the graphic option to up my graphics (game half crashes then recovers once im out of full screen) and start playing (fps drops abundant) do some of the crappy challenges, drive around (didnt remeber cars driving like bricks with wheels) blow some people up(with huge laggy explosions) , gets bored and quits game probably wont play again."
,Not Recommended,225540,19704918,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Wiggles,"It's fun. And it would be even more fun if I could play it for more than 10 minutes without my dual D700 GPU's hanging and crashing the game.Kind of thought I was paying $60 to PLAY the game, not beta test it."
,Recommended,225540,21908545,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Craftosaur,like a michael bay movie with a story
,Recommended,225540,30206126,Posted: 26 February,all,GamerXP,One of the best games I've played! Explosions galore!
,Not Recommended,225540,28984600,Posted: 3 January,all,Toby12G,"!!!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!I cannot even play the game because of ""infinitive loop in gpu"" error. NOTHING has worked to fix it and i have tried EVERYTHING. I can't get a refund because i didnt have the error in the first 3 hours of gameplay. I'm sooo mad ♥♥♥♥ the guys who made this game and scammed me!"
76561198039432391,Not Recommended,225540,28431521,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Killerbunny,Wow. Such memory leaks. So unplayable. Very deinstalled.This game should be in early access.
,Not Recommended,225540,23814178,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,shadowsliced Toast,"Well this game was really fun on my ps4, but I had all sorts of problems using a controller. So I decided to try it on pc since there was a steam sale. This game is probably my worst purchase on steam ever.The game played fine for the most part, I had almost no memory problems unlike most other reviewers. But there was one critical bug which ruined the game for me entirely. For whatever reason I got no voice sound during the cutscenes, all I heard was background noise. The people moved their mouths, but all I could hear was helicopter blades spinning.I tried every fix for this on the first 5 pages of google (yes all 5 pages), but those didn't help in the slightest. I even tried changing every game setting I could find, and making sure they were all correct when that didn't work.So to answer the main question, yes I would reccommend this game for a console user, but not for a pc user due to the killer sound bugs."
,Recommended,225540,29119558,Posted: 8 January,all,ye boi,"good,NEEDS MULTIPLAYER PLS!"
76561198271431640,Not Recommended,225540,30132259,Posted: 23 February,all,Reiwan,"They said ""We'll make multiplayer mode."" loooong time ago.The didn't.Thats what I called ""Buybait""."
,Not Recommended,225540,29011608,Posted: 4 January,all,_RexxaR_,"Game is good, but it optimized as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy it even on a discount, you will regret anyway."
76561198201911887,Not Recommended,225540,28979061,Posted: 3 January,all,MATCHSTICK,Gets really boring after the first 5 hours and your just doing the same thing over and over. dont even buy for $15 sale. Just cause 2 was the better game
,Recommended,225540,25109630,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Cameron,"Just Cause 3... This is a game that you need to buy. You can litteraly stand on a rocket. Oh sorry did you need more persuading, ok i got you You can attach enemys to gas tanks shoot it and send them off like a rocket. You brought it yet? Good."
76561198130262508,Recommended,225540,27916330,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Canadian,Bloody amazing game well worth the money loved it
,Recommended,225540,19451842,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Dɪэтʜдʀɗт,"The game is Epic! Runs fine too, if you have the minimum requirements to play it, it should work just fine. I don't even have the CPU they recommend and it still runs like a dream, mind you I do have a GTX 980 (not OC'd).Rather than whining and complaining, people should keep in mind this is a brand new game and it's obviously going to be demanding on your rig, rather that post hate reviews, maybe update yout hardware to something that works a bit better...10/10 -Blowing sh*t up is Awesome!!"
,Recommended,225540,27906874,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,~w~ [DICE] W. Hound,this game is sooo fun why does everyone hate on it?
76561198097594000,Not Recommended,225540,20109494,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,-ImaJolteon-,"I was excited to play this game. Now you may ask why I only have 4 minutes played... I spawn in in the water randomly and im invisible, I clip through the ground, sound is messed up, cant see my character like im in first person. After a 6 hour ♥♥♥♥ING download I cant play this ♥♥♥♥ing game! I am so ♥♥♥♥ing furious"
,Recommended,225540,19431129,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,AbdurrhmnY.M,"nice..but need some fix in square enix membership,AI(yeah..just felt weird with the AI,because when I shoot or not intentionally kill rebels in front other rebels,they just yelled at rico...not shoot rico as far cry does,when you shoot randomly at allies,they just shoot back,until you came back..just need to hide few time and everything back normal),story?,weapon,weapon and vehicle store(where you can buy mods or anything?)and also shuttering and low frame rate"
,Recommended,225540,22900699,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Dank Kid,Most fun I've had all year
,Recommended,225540,29035861,Posted: 5 January,all,Super Thing,Masking mindless violence as liberation? SeemsGood
,Not Recommended,225540,32861061,Posted: 27 June,all,3xodus,Reccommended specs say the system it runs on should have 8gb of RAM. Ive got 16gb and this game maxed it out to 100% usage before I even got passed the start menu. Never even got to play because it keeps freezing and crashing despite having a higher end pc. 0/10 what a waste of money.
,Recommended,225540,22895103,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Raw Dog,"This game needs to be in your library, or we can not be freinds."
,Recommended,225540,28355296,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Leandersci,"I was able to achive playable frame rates (45-60 fps) on medium at 1080p. This leaves a lot to be desired. Especially on a 1060. God I wish there was a neurtal option for these reviews. Cause the performance is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the gameplay is generally fun.  Very similar to the previous game.I would say wait until its patched to buy, but this game has been out a while, and still has♥♥♥♥♥♥performance. So play it at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,225540,32833661,Posted: 26 June,all,Reaper1395,"Runs slow on a computer with well over the recommended specs, borderless fullscreen doesn't work, and it constantly tries connecting to the servers, only to announce that it can't connect, and interrupting your already buggy game"
76561198187870001,Not Recommended,225540,20043575,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,insanespoor,"The game on it's own is great, but the horrible bugs, memory leaks and all other sorts of crap completely ruin the fun.Do not buy this now, wait until all patches are available and you can get it for 10$/€ or so"
76561198076494215,Recommended,225540,25591872,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,jj100277,One of the best action games that doesnt take itself seriously. tons of content.A must buy
,Not Recommended,225540,20197909,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,O.J. Simpson For President 2020,Had Potential but cripled by being pushed out too early.
,Not Recommended,225540,22262966,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Lady Gaga,"I was a die hard fan of Just Cause 2. Loved the game to death. Couldn't have been more excited for the next installment.I wouldn't know if this has a bad or good story. I wouldn't know if certain new gameplay elements made things more fun or more boring. I wouldn't know because this game runs like utter crap six months after release.Don't buy the game if you run AMD hardware. You could criticize me for having AMD hardware - but even then the game shouldn't be advertised as being compatible with AMD hardware if it can barely run on AMD hardware.Probably one of the more egregious examples of PC optimization. This game is reason I pump the brakes when trying to convince people to convert to PC gaming. I'm going to stop trying to run it once every 2 months or after every patch in the fleeting hope that something miraculous happened. I'm going to uninstall, and just quietly sob that a franchise that was once a shining example of frivolous digital recreation sputtered out of existence."
76561198069265592,Recommended,225540,21617079,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Teebo_the_Ewok,"This game gets a lot of heat because of the forced online log in, the ridiculously long unskippable intro screen and the long loading times. But honestly, if you can look past all that it's really fun"
76561198102787281,Recommended,225540,23489318,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,rat225,One of the best games I've played would like to mention you will need a computer from this decade to play
76561197975912077,Not Recommended,225540,33363470,Posted: 7 July,all,Vicarious,"SCORE4 / 10TLDRThere are so many things about this game that are amazing.  It's such a shame that all that potential was ruined by forced Always-Online functionality, and lack of cloud-synchronized backups.POSITIVESThe Graphics are incredible.  Landscapes that stretch for miles, and realistic flora that responds to things like the blades of a helicopter spinning above them.Audio is exceptional.  Explosions are rewarding whether diving from a vehicle moments before a head on collision, or sending a missle into a giant fuel tank.Content, Content, Content.  Even without the DLC packs, there is a ton of stuff to do.  There are of course campaign missions which develop the story, but players can also fly, drive, or sail around the islands blowing up bases and freeing towns from an oppressive regime.NEGATIVESAlways online DRM is something that will turn many players off from the start.  In-game leaderboards intended to allow players to compete against their friends scores caused the game to crash if they were unable to reach the server and update properly.  Tie in the fact that players cannot opt out of this, or play in a purely offline environment from inside the game options, and you are left with a lot of angry players.Cloud-based game save backups are almost a given in any AAA title currently released on Steam.  With so much emphasis placed on the online functionality of Just Cause 3, it's baffling why Avalanche Studios chose not to add this into this title.  Many people have lost all their progress after a crash.Very little post release support from the developer, outside of DLC packs that never truly fixed the issues plaguing the game from the start.  The forums, both on Steam and the developer's website, show a complete lack of commitment or responsiblity.  Players will not receive any real assistance from Avalanche Studios or Square Enix.More Game Reviews"
,Recommended,225540,26851519,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gumuš Marpučović,10/10
,Recommended,225540,24101734,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,♠-_Voltaire_-♠,"It works!10/10, would open game again.---------------------Intel i7 4790KCorsair Dominator Platinum 2x8GB DDR3 2133EVGA GeForce GTX 770 Dual Superclocked 2GB 256-Bit GDDR5Asus Sabertooth Z97 Mark1"
,Recommended,225540,24428987,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Skater10071,It's a great but but DO NOT BUY/PLAY UNLESS YOU HAVE AT LEAST 16 GB OF RAM IT WILL RUN HORRIBLY other than that it's a great game
76561198032380408,Not Recommended,225540,19569706,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Rubthebadmonkey,"As a long time fan of Just Cause 2 I was really looking forward to this! After liberating all the regions and finishing the story I am sad to say this is a disappointment . Going beyond the obvious performance issues of the game it feels so utterly small compared to Just Cause 2. I remember it taking hours just to clear a region in JC2 were here it can be done in a few minutes with little trouble. The map is large but why does it matter when most of it is empty! I can’t help but feel like this is a classic case of a developer making some very interesting improvements such as the Wingsuit, controls, and graphics (mostly the water) but then finds a way to completely lose the playability and fun that the past game had. In JC2 there is a floating night club! A full size airport with passenger jets! Ski resorts! Submarine bases under the ice! Did all of this need cut just to add a Wingsuit!! (It's a sweet wingsuit though). I feel like I am left cheated. Don't get me wrong, Just Cause 3 is not a total Lost Cause 3 after the performanc issues are worked out and the games price drops to $15 there is still fun to be had (mostly the wing suit)."
,Recommended,225540,29586114,Posted: 30 January,all,ghetto,i like to have fun with my dog
,Recommended,225540,30939104,Posted: 4 April,all,Ayylien,On a scale of Helium to CaliforiniumI'll give this game a Bavarium.
,Recommended,225540,21673525,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Mr.PoopyButtHole,This game is the ultimae sandbox game. The possibilities are endless.
,Not Recommended,225540,22327473,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,SuperNath97,"Game ran poorly at launch and was very buggy, now almost half a year later and still nothing changed."
76561198023217746,Not Recommended,225540,22391109,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,shock,After 20 minutes of trying to fix the frame rate issue i never made it 1 minute into the game.  Running at 1 frame every 30 seconds or so.  Never seen a game run so poorly on a high end computer
,Recommended,225540,21673556,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,i'm a penguin,20/10 best game ever IGN
76561198083299222,Not Recommended,225540,21691032,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Oedipus Cuck,"3/10. Don't waste your time and money.I bought this game during the Sqaure Enix sale for $40. I played for about 3 hours, mainly flying and blowing stuff up. That's what the majority of the game is. The story is basically nonexistent, and the characters are flat and boring. I didn't really mind this, I had expected as much based on other reviews. The gameplay was very fun, though the movement is a bit diffucult at times with the parachute and wingsuit and grapple all combined. It takes some getting used to.The campaign is really awful. Four hours in, I'd had 4 or 5 escort missions. Really? Escort missions? After I had completed about 10 missions, I was told that I had to liberate 2 provinces to continue in the story. Why isn't liberating provinces just part of the story in the missions? Great question. It quickly devolved into a repetitive, grinding style game, in which you fly from town to town pulling down billboards and loud speakers. One province typically has 5 or 6 settlements to liberate, and each settlement takes about 10 minutes. That's about an hour per province. After two hours of the same gameplay, I really didn't care about the story anymore.Then, the game crashed. It had done this once before, at which point I had just restarted and gotten back to it. But this time, my effort to restart was met with a 15 minute loading screen. I didn't take it as a huge deal at the time; the game is very big and has a lot to proccess. Once it loaded, I realized that there was a bigger problem. I was getting about 5 fps, and the entire thing was choppy. I tried to lower my grahpical settings, which took about 5 minutes becuase even the menu was slow and unresponsive. I decided to restart the game, then steam, then my computer. This was to no avail. I tried timing the loading screen to see how long it actually took. I gave up 35 minutes in. The game froze in the loading screen. I've now decided that it simply doesn't work.Tl;dr: No story, repetitive, grinding gameplay, frame rate drops, crashes, ungodly long load times, and freezing in the loading screen. This steaming pile of garbage in unlpayable."
76561198166312198,Recommended,225540,22462365,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Flips Whitefudge,A good game if you like explosions.
,Not Recommended,225540,28699872,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Karunamon,"Buggy and crash-proneI'd have nothing but good things to say about this game.....if not for the fact that it's unspeakably buggy, causes crashes to desktops and and sometimes BSODs, has been in this condition for months, and the developers don't want to do anything about it. The fact that it's basically Just Cause 2, but more ridiculous and more fun, is all pointless if the damn game doesn't run.I kid you not, the number one suggestion for fixing these issues right now, if you go look at the discussion page, is to have 16GB RAM in your machine. I know games that are more fun, that look better, that don't require that degree of specs overkill. This tells me that JC3 is a lazy, unoptimized port.Avoid - one look through the discussion forums and the negative reviews here should tell you all you need to know."
,Recommended,225540,30623819,Posted: 19 March,all,akemoz,"I like to play this game because its a open world games. The feature is good, and you can do many stuff."
76561198048362160,Recommended,225540,30367100,Posted: 6 March,all,oyster,Moving around using the grappling hook / paraglider combination was really fun & I had fun with the mix of different vehicles too.The combat is a little dull though. I recommend waiting until you can get the game at a lower-than-release price.
,Recommended,225540,30654079,Posted: 21 March,all,Commander GX,Best game for Shooting game lovers <3.Destruction to its best <3
,Recommended,225540,30744554,Posted: 25 March,all,EXTREMEIN,vert nice marco is too op
,Recommended,225540,30384840,Posted: 7 March,all,MrAutomatic,"I bought this game when it was on sale, and I don't a single penny. In a nutshell, it's GTA V. On steroids. A LOT OF STEROIDS. Do you like meaningless explosions? Do you like kicking the bad guys in the♥♥♥♥♥ Well then, Just Cause 3 is the perfect game for you. There's also a third party multiplayer mod that you can download. To explain the entire game, here's a pros and cons list.Pros:1. Tons of action packed adventure.2. Relatively good storyline, especially if you have played other games in the Just Cause series.3. Seemingly endless hours of seemingly endless fun.4. Still a game I would play in 5 years.Cons:1. $60 unless it's on sale2. Need a pretty good PC to run at 60 FPS.All in all, I think it's a must have for every gamer out there!"
76561197971125575,Recommended,225540,20761351,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Son Capsule,"So why the thumbs up? It just feels like the right kind of sequel.Ok. The major con. Rico feels like he is walking, running and freefalling at about 2/3 of his maximum. Everything about his movement feels sluggish.There are stuttering issues within what's shown onscreen.Sync voice/lip/subtitle is almost incomprehensible.But the pros, that is a list.Doesn't feel like I'm just chasing down boxes to improve my weapons. It feels like I'm actually learning how to use the weapons and vehicles.The supply drop is more intuitive.The map feels more like a livable country than a sparsely populated frogjump in jc2I dunno why, but this time around the world damage feels more like disabling general whatshisface than being a .. I never felt like I was a thorn in Panays backside, just a rolling wave that knocked over everything he was told to.As for getting it to run, as long as you can run something like gtav in medium, you should have little issue running jc3.My only other major gripe.. 40 odd gb download. That's not a sexy thing to have to do. Its understandable for the game, its just not kewl."
76561198249935472,Not Recommended,225540,23097041,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,masternachiket,this 1.3 hrs is just game loading till the start/settings screen then crashing to desktop then me again running the game and waiting for the game to crash and so on and on.
76561198144786975,Not Recommended,225540,25593072,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Sterling,"after doing all the bases and missions and ♥♥♥♥in around with cows the game starts getting slow and boring and u just fall into a deep hole full of crap and boredom ;(please don't buy. waste of money, its worth like 4-6 dollars..."
,Not Recommended,225540,32902426,Posted: 27 June,all,Jean-Luc Picard,"I really enjoyed Just Cause 2, and I was beyond excited when this game was announced, but I never bought it because of the terrible state of the PC port.  When I saw the sale price, I looked online to see if the bugs had been patched, but nothing really stated how broken this post patch game is.  I have a fairly good PC:  GTX 1060, i5, 16 GB of RAM, so thought I'd be good.  Nope.  Game crashes, fails to load models and textures, changes resolution, and mutliple graphics issues.  I'd suggest passing on this and just getting Just Cause 2 and messing around with mods if you are interested."
,Recommended,225540,29460262,Posted: 24 January,all,BHÒÍRÀJ™,Addictive :P
,Recommended,225540,29191250,Posted: 11 January,all,⚡2D⚡,BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM *RICO* BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
,Recommended,225540,32705695,Posted: 23 June,all,S1X_BULL3TS,"Loved the second game on the Xbox 360, but it was missing fluidity and was a little clunky in my opinion. Those problems are solved in just cause 3. The game is very fluid and is easy to transition between hook/parachute/wing suit and the clunkyness is totally gone. As a fan of the second game, this one is looking to be far superior. I would only advise having a decent PC because it does use a lot of system resources (and looks great too!). I can run mine pretty well at low - medium settings, but similar to Arkham Knight, this game still looks awesome even on its lowest settings. Overall, I would recommend if you like Just Cause 2, explosions, destruction, great graphics, or amazing third person combat and movement. Not a bad deal on sale either - $12 for the game and $6 for the season pass (I wouldn't pay more than $8 for the seaon pass because the content to dollar ratio is very minimal). RIP my hard drive tho."
,Recommended,225540,21738350,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ben,good game
,Not Recommended,225540,20475754,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,BlackClaude,"Biggest disappointment of 2015. Poorly optimized, terrible gameplay, terrible campaign. DO NOT BUY. Don't let these fanboys fool you. If I could get a refund I would but unfortunately I thought the game would eventually get better. I will never again buy a just cause game."
76561198232424252,Recommended,225540,23748589,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ch1coTgift-drop.com,This is a very good game with a amazing graphic but the story is very short
76561198271717437,Recommended,225540,23514276,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Blqck0ut_,"Are you tired of actually doing stuff to explode things? Are you annoyed that you have to basically kill 50,000 people to get that hellstorm missile you've always dreamed of? Look no furher (You see what I did there ;) than the M488 from Just Cause 3. All it takes is three small steps and whatever you want exploded will be replaced with a huge mushroom cloud that is on fire.1. Point the M488 towards the target.2. Make sure you're standing about 17,000kms away from the target.3. Right click.Ok, in all seriousness, this game is bloody awesome. I don't know what all these people are complaining about - I have an FX 6300 @ 4.5GHz and an R9 380, and I'm playing at 40-50FPS on ultra settings at 1080p. The game has great graphics and a superb story line. Also, Rico Rodriguez makes Superman look like that old lady I accidently blew up on the streets the other day... Probably my favourite game ever, just topping Watchdogs. You will not regret buying it! :)"
,Not Recommended,225540,30182345,Posted: 25 February,all,Erik Norman,"The game has game braking bugs, and the delevopers will do nothing to fix them. Been the same for a year now."
76561198081142321,Not Recommended,225540,19577738,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,GucciCam,I would very much like to recommend this game right now as I am having a blast playing it. But I am getting alot of stuttering in towns and large bases but 60 fps solid everywhere else.
,Not Recommended,225540,25104300,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,tombrighteyes,"This game is okay when it actually works.If you do get as far as actually playing the game, you will notice that the game has memory leaks like no other. My RAM usage went through the roof! I have 16GB of DDR4 RAM. This this would eat up all of it at first and after I finally got it running with ""windowed mode"" command in Steam and trying to go over some resolution settings as the window would be out of place with display glitches, it will eat abouut 12 GB of RAM apart from the 2GB that the other resoourse take on my computer. The bad thing is that the RAM should clear up after closing the game, but it doesn't and the task manage just doesn't show what's eating up the RAM. It only happens when the came has run and even closing it, that RAM is just taken up space. One has to reboot the comptuer to clear that RAM.I would also add that the sign in option when the game starts would be when the screen would jump out to way out resolutions. What I did to fix it was also to put steam in offline mode so it doesn't try to log in when starting. Once that was done, I put steam in online mode and ran it again to get working.I hear some pretty bad things from the developers from other people that bougth this game where developers are still releasing DLC for this game, but it clearly needs to be fixed first. I can agree to that as well.The RAM requirements don't say 16 GB, but if you don't have 16 GB, you are in for a bad time.Once you have the game running, you will be encountered with cheesy and bad voice acting with fluctuating volumes that get drowned out by music on defaults. (recommend to have subtitles).I do have a small nitpick that is just me, but when a scene ends, Rico will stop like he has nothing else to do and then the scene will end after that. They could have faded to black a little more soon to resolve that little nit-pick.I also found out that some missions don't have any rendered scens and are just drawn art with voice over them. That seems to be where the production dropped on a few things as well.Another thing that I see happening is that the game will stutter or freeze for a few seconds or less until it catches back with itself. I'm not sure if it's releated to the RAM getting eaten up with memory leaks, but it could be.The game over all is mindless fun and just gives you a bunch of filler for a lot of things to do as well.I bought this game only because it was on sale and decided to give it a go. If it's at full price, don't buy it. I would only recommend that this one is bought on sale if you do decide to risk it.I bought Just Cause 2 back when that came out and never had any problems with it. Don't regret it one bit. This one just seems to have too many issues compared to the second game.These are my specs and I don't see why I woudl have issues with all that.CPU: intel core i7 K clocked at 4.0 GHz with boost to 4.7 GHzRAM: Corsair 16 GB DDR4GPU: Asus Strix  GTX 1070 with 8GB VRAMMotherboard: Asus Maximus VIII HeroWater/air cooled.If i'm running into these issues with my machine, you decide if you want to risk it with yours.At the current time, I wouldn't recommend it the way it is until they update this game."
,Not Recommended,225540,25106888,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,TheGreatCornholio,"Boy would I love to tell you how this great this game is but that'd mean that the game would have to start, not crash almost everything I have open and make it past the stupid opening with the damn towel. I bought this in a sale and I feel like I lost out. Gonna have to rate the game a -1/10, can't even get to the settings to try and make it work to rate it anything higher."
76561198062409686,Recommended,225540,22466506,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,RageOfLion,"if it will be on multiplayer it will be Fantastic game ever:Dafter the update the game very laging, fix it please"
,Recommended,225540,24738038,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,SmokingOwl,The game looks amazing! One of my favorite games!I love that the game allows you to do free roam and not just missions.The game is just beautiful!
,Not Recommended,225540,29420380,Posted: 22 January,all,Emre,no cloud save. 100% progress lost. ♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,225540,24810404,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Gambit,"Though initially buggy upon release, the game I must say, was quite fun. If you love blowing things up then this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,225540,25723650,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,JackAttackJRMV,Took Me 30min + to get to launch in a decent resolution.
,Recommended,225540,20312590,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Stepehnk,8/10
76561198169376345,Not Recommended,225540,30180959,Posted: 25 February,all,Stagg | h1z1swap.com,same as just cause two but for extra $45- better graphics (more lag)- different map
76561198094900451,Recommended,225540,20021554,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Teknical Mage,"I have an HP Envy X360 touch Smart.  4th Gen I7 and HD 5500 Intergrated Graphics.  I play this game on minimal graphics for everything.  My Resoultion is 500 by 400 something.  It crashes from time to time.  This game is still amazing.  JC2 is golden.  JC3 is just one of the best games I have seen.  It's just fun and new and I wish I could run it better, but I would recomend it to everyone who can run it."
,Not Recommended,225540,19561474,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Boogie Man,"Definitely avoid this game until the rampant visual bugs and frame rate issues have been patched. Even on limited settings in windowed mode the game is borderline unplayable with cutscenes not playing, game world not loading and a frame rate that makes me feel sick. This was going to my first foray into the just cause universe and all the content pre-release hyped me for what looked like an excellent game. Maybe Just Cause 3 is an excellent game. I wouldn't know i could barely get through the intro.Edit:With a driver update most of the visual bugs were able to be sorted. Still some framerate issues but no where near what it was like on. For what it is worth Just Cause 3 is a fun game, but definately wait until patch. For the second time I have encountered a problem with the games saving system. It appears that if you do not quit the game correctly i.e if your computer freezes, then the game deletes your only save. I have 34 hours of playtime listed and must now start again from the intro cutscene......... not happening :("
76561198306864232,Not Recommended,225540,27222371,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fullofpartying,"Every time i log in, i load fine until i get to a comment pop up saying my download memory is low, possibly effecting my game quality. When this message shows itself, i automatically crash off the game. I personally know this as an amazing game to play, although i would NOT recommend this game to anyone who cant download a 58 gb game and play through it smoothly through a minimum 8 gigabyte RAM. There has been notifications about updates to fix this problem, although it wont be out in a long time. Download with caution, and have fun."
76561198271752942,Recommended,225540,23292826,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,❖zer0,Awesome!10/10 would blow more stuff up.
76561198250775250,Recommended,225540,27520011,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mine,Best Game Ever!
76561198043896565,Not Recommended,225540,20386970,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Filipe Danglars,Absolutely Not. I've been a fan of this franchise since the beginning but it ends here. My issue is not the quality of game but that it's not properly optimized. This game runs like garbage. My PC is able to handle FALLOUT 4 so this shouldn't be an issue yet it can't seem to handle this at the lowest settings. Maybe Square Enix should be less concerned with applying Denuvo software and more concerned on how that affects the legit users. This is an embarassment. Get your act together SE.
76561198165642651,Not Recommended,225540,20075489,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,dickvere,Crashed twice in first two missions. Needs a patch
76561197984611079,Not Recommended,225540,20112881,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Deicide Chaos,> 20/27 checkpoints into a race> Gonna get 5 gears> Whole time hovering around 20fps> Climb to a crest of a hill or approach sharp coner> You know when to break because your a PC gamer and allowed for slow frame rate...> BANG 137fps!> ???> Just 'cause.> RL drops to 5 fps> The pearly gates have open and you are stairing into the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ of god him self.> .0145 seconds to react> You dont react> You're just sent flying off the top of a mountain or into a stone wall at 180km> Beautiful explosions at 137fps> Race is lost> Spawn back into 23fps
,Recommended,225540,20489442,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,tezzofino,"Recommended? Hell yes. It isnt perfect, but which game is?What I really love about Just Cause 3:I get this ""Freedom feeling"" like no other gameBig open world.Alot of explosions (these are worth buying the game for alone)Alot of things to destroyThe cool Vehicles to useWingsuit! oh yeah this is great fun (I really get the feeling of height and flying)Weapons are fun, C4 mines and Grappling hook and combining things thogetter is great funGraphics are actually good + terrain is beautiful and the islands look great, it feels warm and exotic as if ur on vacationEvery day is different and any situation does not feel the same at allCool challenges to completeThe game has a nice sense of humor (and it definetely made me laugh many times)That you can upgrade your character and get better ""Perks"" like Booster Explosives, Nitrous in Vehicles f.ex+++ More but thats all I can think of just right nowWhat I didnt quite like:The enemies respawn all the time, If u just killed someone, turn around again, there will most likely be someone thereSometimes I feel some vehicles are hard to control (im playing with a controller but some are easier than others)Does get somewhat repetetive when liberating oppressed cities and military bases over and over (and theres alot of em)Runs ok on my PC (i7 2600k 4.0ghz oc, MSI GTX 970 with OC and 8GB 1600mhz Ram DDR3) lower specs may struggleThe AI could have been better but there ok but not greatBottom line:Anyways, Just Cause 3 is a really good and fun action game, and I love it and I highly recommend it if you love games like GTA, Saints Row and games like this. You'll have tons of fun playing it but dont forget to learn all the controls otherwise u might press something u didnt intend to and jump out instead of standing on top of the roof f.ex.But anyways its one of the best games ive played and havent experienced this much fun in a good while.I feel it deserves more points and respect than it has been given."
76561198010102675,Not Recommended,225540,22739612,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SaQSoN,"So, in this game you play as Abu Jafar, the terrorist... Well, the game actually calls you Rico, but who cares? On behalf of a bunch of a total wackjobs, next to which mr.Trevor and his friends (those ones, from another game) look like an innocent kids. You blow up the country's infrastructure, murder civilians, take their property and when the government agents try to stop you - you kill them all too. You also attack police stations, military bases, perform hits on government workers and informants and do other fun stuff, which your nutjob friends and employers call ""liberation"". Even though someone may believe, playing as a terrorist is a bit controversial at best, I, personally, do not mind having that experience, without actually becoming a terrorist and killing someone IRL.This game could have been fun, even with it's rather stupid, B-rated plot, flat, cartoonish charecters, somewhat stupid NPC AI and poorly designed mission scripts. After all, you are, basically, a god-like bullet-sponge creature, without any moral restrictions, equipped with magical antigravity forcefield devices. But what kills this game experience for me is it's extermally poor performance, when game runs well, with high fps first few minutes, but then starts to statter like every 5 seconds! It just stops working for a second or 4, then works normaly for 5-10 seconds, then stops again and so on, until it finally crashes. This behavior is absolutely utterly annoying! So, yeah, until they fix that, I do not recommend buying the game. Sorry."
,Recommended,225540,19944160,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Dingle Dangle Noot Noot,"This is such an amazing game! If you loved JC2 as much as I did, you'll love this one!"
,Recommended,225540,20055633,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Temax,"Basically everything good about JC2 is made better, and everything bad about JC2 is gone.10/10 Would RPG Bavarium Nuke again."
76561198202786928,Not Recommended,225540,20239995,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,OnlyCurmudge,"I loved JC2, but I just could not get into this one.  There are numerous problems, not least of which being the ridiculous FPS drops, you can be humming along and suddenly plunge into the single digits.  Not great.  The world is nicely rendered, but the same everywhere, and feels very empty after JC2, with relatively few settlements and hidden collectibles.  Why?  Because the upgrade system is no longer tied to finding those collectibles, instead requiring you to grind the intensely annoying minigame challenges that dot the landscape, and those are only unlocked after grinding through the liberation of the look-alike towns and army bases.  On top of that, the story missions are largely escort style, so you spend a lot of time protectng someone or something from waves of enemies, with little variation, which is not all that much fun either.  All in all it has been quite a disappointment."
,Not Recommended,225540,20270295,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,locomoco1313,My high end gaming laptop with 8gb of ram and a gtx 870m couldnt run it at more than 10fpsoptimization? wats thatdont buy unless u a graphics card from 3015 and a 12 core cpu with 1tb of ram recommended requirements
76561198222587792,Recommended,225540,20669843,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Cpt.Winter,This game is really awesome and there is an endless possibility of things to do. (this would be great as a movie. watch the second trailer.)
,Recommended,225540,21088839,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Rich Tea Biscuit,"You may need to be at least reccomended specs to play, and the controls are alittle bit jankey (and very different form just cause 2) but I am having great fun with the 3rd instalment of Just cause. what a way it has come."
,Recommended,225540,33808194,Posted: 26 July,all,[GD] Lapis | Lightning Wolf 84%,If your PC can run this at a solid fps welcome to the elite squad
,Recommended,225540,19407115,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Marky,"Attached an helicopter to a wind turbine.It smashed into the other helicopters.10/10btwGTX 970 / Xeon E3 1231 v3 / 16GB RAM -> Averaging 80fps, no frame drops."
76561198002435664,Not Recommended,225540,20215881,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[PEVT] The Holy Imbaness,Just cause 1 and 2 was perfect. Had no problems with release and the games where good. But this♥♥♥♥♥♥right here. I didn't experience lag I just simply couldnt get past the first mission before it crashed. Tried some quick optimization of the launch settings and setting off pretty much every other ingame graphical setting. Just redicilous how you can ♥♥♥♥ up a big launch like this. 10/10 would refund again.
76561198077594501,Not Recommended,225540,20082854,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Brass Lion,"Horrible performance, literally unplayable"
,Recommended,225540,20162274,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Louis,"I'm going to try and keep this review short and sweet.Small IntroductionI really enjoy the Just Cause franchise (even if I haven't played the original first game), and if you loved Just Cause 2 Just Cause 3 will be as/even more enjoyable as its predecessor. You should feel right at home with Just Cause's unrealistic (well, usually) physics and over-the-top explosions, which are Just Cause's signature features.ProsThe game's graphics are absolutely stunning, especially the water bodiesThe new wingsuit mechanic makes getting around the map efficient and fun (oh, and it's more gliding than it is 'flying')There are several new types of soldiers, some are armoured to the brim and some are notThe grappling hook has drastically improved, with a new ability to reel objects inThe new rebel drop system is an improvement over Sheldon's black market, which eventually got on peoples' nervesThe map is an improvement over Just Cause 2's map, as military bases and towns are a little more difficult to discover (instead of being blatantly pointed out, like on Just Cause 2)There are a wider variety of military bases, which adapt quite nicely to the climate they're inThere is more variety to the types of guns to choose from, instead of there only being one type of each gunThere are a new collectibles to find on the map, including rebel shrines and Di Ravello's tapesThere are lots of new challenges, with which you can unlock gear modsConsIn Just Cause 2 your health and heat level were easily available to view in the top right, but this is sadly not a feature in Just Cause 3No multiplayer, which is quite a major bummerThere is a lack of variety to the towns; they almost always have a police station and speakers, billboards etc.Sometimes the game can feel quite repetitive to the point where it can become a bore to liberate military bases and townsThe game takes at least 3-5 minutes to start up, which can be annoying when you just want to get straight into the gameTo Summarise/Other NotesEven though the game only has around 70%* of the reviews being positive, this is mostly due to performance issues. I have a mid-high range PC with a 1920x1080p monitor, and with a bit of tweaking of the settings I was experiencing absolutely no lag and the game has never crashed for me (turning 'Vertical Sync' off can help drastically). The game is a blast to play and you'll quickly notice hours have flew by when you check your clock. Long live the Just Cause franchise!"
76561198015920886,Recommended,225540,20641663,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Some Jerkoff,"So the driving sucks, and it is repetitive. IT'S STILL SO MUCH FUN!"
76561198001654005,Recommended,225540,20645611,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,zalman,Even blow minimum (660ti) i get resonable fps on medium. Its quite fun if you like just cause 2 its simply more of the good
76561198060732731,Recommended,225540,20061649,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Droplet,"I liked it alot but it should be priced around 30 to 40 considering the bugs that happen in this game.-a decent story, in fact a better story than just cause 2.-a fun long campaign and its not that repititive as it was in just cause 2.-AI is smarter and much more stronger than just cause 2.-very interesting and much more variety of bases.I would have liked it even more if its driving mechanics is NOT worst then just cause 2's. <---  Im sad and pls improvise it pls pls pls(motocycles only)"
76561197997212241,Recommended,225540,20484152,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,TreyPound357,enjoying what little ive played mulitplayer would be nice asap
76561198090762654,Recommended,225540,20550120,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,S҉k̸ȩe͟t́͝ḿe҉̛at̵,"cant open it, ♥♥♥♥in yay"
,Recommended,225540,20390297,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Kahr,"Ah. Just Cause 3. I've been waiting for this game since, oh, Just Cause 2? Come on! We all knew there was going to be a third one sooner or later!Rico's back, and with a vengeance! The game will have you surfing on an aeroplane, parachuting through hail of bullets, grappling unto anything you can find and driving cars like there's no tomorrow - and that's just the first ten minutes of the game!And that's it. The first ten minutes of the game pretty much sums up most of what you'll be experiencing. Sure, you'll get upgraded weapons and vehicles after a while, but the essence remains the same. Surf on aeroplanes, parachute (or now also the new fancy Wingsuit!) through hails of bullets - while grappling yourself around, and drive any vehicle you come across (and there's quite a lot of different vehicles). That seems to be all you do. And I'm fine with that. This game isn't something you play if you're looking for a deep and engaging story, or new and innovative gameplay. No. You play this game because it's got more explosions than a Michael Bay movie.And yes, sometimes, that's fine. Is Just Cause 3 the game I hoped it would be? Yeah, pretty much. It's just mindless, explosive fun."
,Recommended,225540,20291281,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,TruisticWaif1,"For those who can get their game to work, it truely is an amazing game. The story really isn't that enthralling but honestly it's the sequal that you would expect to Just Cause 2. If you haven't played that, go play that before you buy this. Plus if you find that your computer can't run this game due to the poor launch, refund. Honestly got nothing to lose. Don't buy the DLC thing, I have had it since before launch and received nothing but skins and it wasn't worth it in my opinion."
,Recommended,225540,19412076,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ženeral,AMAZING GAME! way way better than GTA.
,Not Recommended,225540,30029560,Posted: 19 February,all,Sam.Co,"Horrible optimized for a 1 year old game, won't get pass the play through."
,Recommended,225540,20230332,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,xyloph,i bought a new computer to play this game
,Recommended,225540,19424258,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ChillZedd,Really taxing on your system but if you have the power its a fantastic game. Also I cant speak for everyone with an AMD GPU but in my experience the game runs fine at low settings.
,Not Recommended,225540,20099043,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Name.exe,"Game crashes a lot, and once the game loads, god forbid, it's not even that fun."
76561198083558934,Recommended,225540,20173751,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MeM,This game is very fun and does not deserve a mixed rating for bad AMD preformance in the first hours which is no longer present because I have an AMD Radeon R9 270X and the game can run a constant 30 fps on medium grapics.
,Not Recommended,225540,21093978,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,BOT Frank,"Don't, its really unfinshed, and poorly optimized, i have a pretty powerful pc and i have issues with random fps drops for no reason."
,Recommended,225540,21727784,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Crowes,"It took them three iterations, but they finally made a Just Cause worth spending money on."
76561198120413570,Recommended,225540,19925391,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Tanner,"Wonderfull game. Only issue is that there is some zoom or somthing that is up with vehicle. They just feel kinda sticky. I'm not sure what it is or if it is just me. Besides that, 9.9/10 Great game. NSA Aproved."
76561198088384623,Not Recommended,225540,20124530,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,squealyfatboy01,"I'll be honest, I've never seen optimization this poor. Sure, its a huge map, but I would have thought a £600 Gaming PC would be able run it. I have all the system requirments and can't work out why it goes at literaly four frames per second. one thing that does run smoothly is the sound effects, but it plays along at a completely different speed than than the video (which is frozen half the time) and another wierd thing is the voices are seperate to the sound affects. So at least you know what they're saying after half an hour of buffering. Conclusion: I wanted this game ever since it was announced, now that I realise that it is a pile of poorly optimized sh*t, I decided to get a refund."
,Not Recommended,225540,33855462,Posted: 28 July,all,Lorkhan in the Sky with Diamonds,There should be a class action lawsuit against this game. It clearly says 8 gb of ram as its recommended requirements but one of the very first things the game does to you is say you don't have enough ram and to expect poor performance.
76561198026272284,Not Recommended,225540,28194261,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Lexikonn,"Ooooohhh boy, where do I begin.This game sucks.It's a terrible port. I have stutters on my PC FPS at low-mid specs, while I play GTA V with no problems at around a 45 FPS average on maximum settings.The graphics are hideous. It looks a lot better on pictures, but when you play it, you see the physics are just plain awful and you feel like you are playing a totally cheap game, and although you could have fun with the game's trademark, the ""hookshot"", the feel of the game doesn't at all make up for it.The weapons are really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and vehicles feel terrible.The aim is ANNOYING AS HELL. It feels terrible in both mouse/keyboard and controller. It seems you have no precision at all.I wish I had got this on a torrent or something to test it up, because I would never buy this even at the 66% discount available at the time. I don't think I still can reclaim a refund, but this game actually makes me feel bad about stressing my computer with the horrible optimization and wasting my time.I'm looking down at you, Square Enix.Fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197960381245,Not Recommended,225540,28192279,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,The Captain's LOG,"I played Just Cause 2 for countless hours and had lots of fun, even managed to get 99% completion. It is impossible to get 100% in JC2 because of a map bug that was never patched. This problem should have raised warning flags, but i decided to trust Avalanche one more time with my money. So I bought this game during a sale for around 19€, a few days later I applied for a refund. Why? If you are interested, read on, what I found after a few minutes:- Unskippable stupid intro videos- Nagging for online account- Limited graphics options- No option for setting FOV- After playing for a few minutes, i noticed that even on max settings the game doesn't seem to look as good as the screenshots or even as JC2 (on my i7-6800K with 64GB RAM and a MSI 1080). The controls feel unresponsive, the default keyboard layout is terrible (can be remapped).- The game is nearly uncontrollable due to an extremely narrow FOV (especially bad on my monitor in 3440x1440)- The camera is so close to the avatar/car/helicopter that aiming or steering properly is made impossible.- In contrast to JC2, the camera position can NOT be adjusted?!?I was unable to finish the tutorial missions because I got stuck on a bridge where I was supposed to plant explosives - whatever I did, the game didn't let me place them.In conclusion: To me the game feels like a late beta version, not ready for release. I also learned to NEVER AGAIN trust Avalanche. IMHO in its current state this game is NOT worth money (or maybe 0,99€ during a sale for those masochistic enough to put up with the problems...). If the game is ever patched (see JC2 - they never did bother to!), my opinion may change, of course."
,Recommended,225540,29067606,Posted: 6 January,all,grapemane,Amazing game. Worth $100.
,Recommended,225540,20449808,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Unarmed,"TL;DR- Completion: 100%- All achivements: No (because the leaderboards are not fully functional)Verdict:Great sequel to JC2 and probably my favourite sandbox. However it has a few issues that bring the score down quite a bit. 7/10 - Get it on sale.--- Long Story ---This game received a lot of flak on release, and some of it was well deserved. Others seemed to just want to hate. The game is fun and offers many hours of destruction but suffered a lot from poor FPS and bad online features, even in offline mode. The online stuff has at the time of writing been greatly decimated. For FPS I do not now, it did not affect me.-- Review ---The game starts off great and you truly feel that this is a JC game. The story start atfull speed with a plane crash, characters are funnier than expected and the wingsuit is so good that you forget this game has cars. The game has a progression system that rewads you as you master the different styles and liberating towns and bases is a lot more fun since it offers new points of interes, challenges, weapons and vehicles.However, after blasting though the first two islands something strange happens. The game sort of stops. It's like that final part just wasn't completed. Much of the third island is empty and has little to do with the story. As for the story, remember in JC2 how youfought ninjas inside a covered base shaped like baby panau?. How youdiscovered a Japanese WW2 base that was still operational?How you evenhijacked a nuclear submarine only to find yourself riding on no less than three nuclear missiles while fighting the final boss?. It was absurd to an absolutley awesome level!In JC3 the endgame consists ofyou fighting a helicopter with a magical shield.That's about it. You don't have to read the spoilers to see that something is missing.To top it of the controls for some vehicles are very strange. I normally love motorcycles for their high risk, high rewards but in JC3 I actively avoid them. Some challenges are best solved by not using the supplied weapon/vehicle and the game seems to be sort of fine with that.Finally, for a completionist like me - not being able to get the leaderboard-related achivements (because the leaderboards got taken down) kind of gets to me."
76561198046726245,Recommended,225540,19451655,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,KaKarot( Supreme),"So ♥♥♥♥ing Awesome game, My GPU is a bit oudated, Its GTX 765m 2gb(notebook GPU) which is a lower gpu card than GTX 670(minimum requirements GPU), Bt I turn down my resolution to 720p,  i optimised the video settings using Nvidia geforce expereience,.. Smooth gameplay almost 50-80fps , at explosion it sometimes drop down to 29fps if I'm very near to explosion..minor explosion no problem..which ofcourse annoying,I hope they fixed it soon..and sometimes the game crash..So much to explore, I recommend this game!!.."
76561198280202288,Not Recommended,225540,28806047,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,5fdp0585,"I asked for a refund with Just Cause 3 because I couldnt start it up anymore. Any time I started the game up it was fine but a LOW SYSTEM MEMORY thing would pop up as I started to play the game and I wasnt running ANYTHING else in the background. And the LOW SYSTEM MEMORY ALWAYS popped up while I was starting to play the game. And NOW when I try and start the game up (And btw I'm running Windows 10 x64 bit) it says Not Enough System Memory of whatever to run application. Checked my CPU, and 0%. So the game shouldve been able to run just fine. Just Cause 3 NEEDS FIXING BADLY. Also for anyone who cares, with settings and everything maxed out I was getting 70-80FPS. Some times 60-70FPS but most of the time it was 70-80FPS. So my system can easily handle Just Cause 3 but the game itself has obvious issues the devs NEED to work on.Also my PC Setup:Intel Core i7 4790K 4GHZ 4.44GHZ overclocked.MSI GTX 970 4GB.24 GB of Vengeance Ram.Windows 10 x64 bit.Motherboard: MSI Z97 Gaming 5.SOO as you can CLEARLY see I CAN FULLY run Just Cause 3. And almost ANY game out there. This is my FIRST gaming PC build EVER. Not bad. Anyways WAIT til Just Cause 3 is FULLY fixed. If you're luck enough and you're able to get just cause 3 running then awesome. If you're like me and you bought the game thinking youd have no issues and then the game doesnt start up for you, well guess we'll have to ask for a refund back. Just cause 3 have AMAZING graphics and stuff and works great on PS4 (former ps4 user). But needs fixing on PC. WAIT TIL THE GAME IS FIXED."
,Recommended,225540,31999707,Posted: 27 May,all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"It's not a bad game overall, it's just that it feels more like a downgrade than anything else.Everything looks the same, it gets boring pretty quick (faster than the previous ones of the same series).Textures are pretty good overall except for some that are totally ugly, and far away textures are beyond ugly.Graphics are disgusting and what is wrong with people nowadays, how can you find blur and cripsy effects interesting? It is simply disgusting.Barely any traffic.Vehicle handling is still crap.Weapons are more interesting to use though.It's not a bad game, but it could and should be way better.And the game optimization is pure crap, it crashes after an hour or two at max, it's random, so it may or may not happen.No, it's not my computer's fault, this game optimization is crap.And I'd hide the hud if I were you, I always do it in every or almost every games but in this one, even if you are not one to hide the hud, I'd do it because the HUD is ugly and annoying but like really, more than most of the other HUDs you see in games, you should also deactivate the reticule, it will make it more challenging so better in the end.Map is boring, everything looks the same and it looks plain boring, Just Cause 2 maps was overall better even though everything did look the same over there too.6.5/10 - Get it on sale when it's very cheap, for less than 13$ the XL game.It is not even worth 25$ So forget the 100$ No game is worth that much anyway, whatever the developers and publishers says, it's bullcrap, even the greatest games are not worth that much and let's be honest, nowadays games are beyond crap.Computer specs:Processor: Intel Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake Quad-Core 4.2 GHzMotherboard: ASUS ROG Maximus IX Hero Z270 LGA1151 DDR4Video card: GIGABYTE GTX 1080 ti Founder's EditionMemory/RAM: G.SKILL Ripjaws V Series 16GB (DDR4 3000)"
,Not Recommended,225540,28217001,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Wiawyr,"This game is a huge letdown over how enjoyable Just Cause 2 was. It's fairly obvious that someone different was handed control of the game, because the only things similar are the name and the theme.The controls are a hot mess of♥♥♥♥♥♥ clunky and unresponsive. Turning vehicles is oftentimes a suggestion rather than smooth handling, with abysmal physics impacts that send vehicles flipping out of control over tiny nudges. Aiming in vehicles feels floaty and awkward, making otherwise enjoyable sections a bothersome chore to slog through.The constant requirement to complete challenges for gears to upgrade things is a headache. The challenges are not fun, they're a roll of the dice against which ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t thing is going to happen to you on that run. Replay it enough times and you'll learn what pitfalls you need to avoid that the developers couldn't figure out how to fix, but it never becomes fun to do so.Jumping feels awkward and slow, and you need to jump to change elevation or even to get down from high places. You can't just run off buildings, you have to jump, and it feels incredibly unnatural and forced.The massive memory leak problem seems to still be present a year later, further evidence of an incompetent developer. Watching the memory usage shoot up past 7GB in the first few minutes is head-shakingly bad.Overall 4/10, extremely disappointing. Bought it when it was 75% off and that was still too much for this steaming turd."
,Not Recommended,225540,33901428,Posted: 30 July,all,Dziurkacz,"Gameplay is fun, the progress happens via acomplishing unfunny challenges."
76561197964134849,Not Recommended,225540,20455379,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,AW TheWatcher,No fix for stuttering even with good PC's.  And no updates to fix it.  Last game I buy from this developer.
,Recommended,225540,33869844,Posted: 28 July,all,sir.o_the_first,this game is amazing. my new favorite game. great graphics great gameplay great everything
,Not Recommended,225540,24543897,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,do not touch borf,"haha square enix is really good at optimizing their games, that's why i can never play their games for more than 2 hours, because they just de-optimize eventually and they just never ♥♥♥♥ing runholy♥♥♥♥♥♥all of square's PC ports just ♥♥♥♥ing suck"
,Recommended,225540,21263099,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,MajidG4m3r,لعبة ممتعة ما تطفش منها
,Recommended,225540,21431621,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,LinkJMA,"Buy this damn game.I'll get my main complaint out of the way - the map feels empty. Just Cause 2 also felt empty, especially in the cities, but there were always settlements to be found. Now, the bottom half of the map is a strikingly beautiful paradise that you could get lost in for hours. As the game progresses, you travel North to confront the dictator and find...nothing. The rolling fields give way to endless mountians, with one or two military settlements populating the area. From a story perspective, it makes sense, but it just feels lacking. I also wish we could replay missions. After the campaign is over, I found myself missing the comedic voices of the supporting characters over the radio, and several memorable missions plunged the entire island into war. It sucks that I can't recapture flying through the air, staring down at firefights erupting all over the island. I can't express how dope that was. Instead, now I'm stuck liberating the final settlements, and using the game as the destructive sandbox it was meant to be played as.What a sandbox though. They improved driving to the level where it's almost satisfying. The graphics are truly amazing. Gunplay is remarkably fun, and it functions like a legitimate third person shooter. Stunts were given more thought, and now you have a wingsuit that you can fly through the map with. You can spawn any vehicle, at any place, for free. It's like the devs took every small nitpick with Just Cause 2, and fixed it all. I can't think of another game where I could tether two oil drums together, and wait for a soldier to walk between them before yanking them together to blow everything up. It's Micheal Bay: The Game. Buy it, have fun with it. One of the most entertaining games I've ever played."
76561197983279804,Not Recommended,225540,20402902,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,HESSUja vintillä,"If you're looking for a meaningful story and polished gameplay, you probably are not going to like this game. The driving is inconsistent, flying planes is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ the challenges are repetitive and the gunplay is just..... well explosions, which drop your framerate drastically.Do not make the same mistake that I did and waste money on this garbage."
,Not Recommended,225540,21127600,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,「Rap4Keeper」,"i dont like the game after all due to the massive lag, i was hoping / asking if you could just optimize the game. If so, thank you.Anyways, im not recommanding it for pcs with 4 GB RAM."
,Not Recommended,225540,25958574,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,mickfromsvg,"Is it a great game? Who knows, the damn thing won't run... reinstall, won't run, system wipe then reinstall, won't run, updated drivers..won't run.. you may as well spend the cash on a fancy Just cause poster, at least you will have SOMETHING to show for it.And don't think they'll patch it either."
,Recommended,225540,20212159,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,valions,"Fun game to play if you are into chaos and anarchy. You can destruct almost everything and its not that hard (no brainer game). The story is okay but if you are not into the story of this game, there is plenty of room to roam around. Happy blowing things up!"
76561198120940184,Not Recommended,225540,24999980,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Thicc Nigga,"This game is good when it starts. By that I don't mean it gets worse as you play, I mean that if the game launches properly it would be good. The square enix server connection thing seems to be broken to♥♥♥♥♥♥ It does not connect, I click retry 3 times and it still refuses to connect. So I try to go in offline mode but it insists to connect to online, the square enix servers do not let me launch the game without them. And if they are down, this means that Just Cause 3 is down. The modding community is the same as JC2, small but nice. And the mods are good, but the game is already broken in itself, so mods colliding with each other or simply not working correctly can result in some really funny or really annoying bugs. 4/10. Would be 6/10 if I could launch the game."
,Not Recommended,225540,20113769,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Node,What are all these awards for being the most piece of **** game of 2015.best refund simulator 2k15 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,225540,20660887,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Abstath,"Edit dos: With 16GB of RAM, the game runs absolutely fine - either the extra memory can handle some leaks or 16GB is actually required. The game itself is great, though bugs are common.However, my specs don't surpass others who've had issues running the game:Core i7 4770Radeon HD 7800 (2GB)16GB DDR3 RAMInstalled on HDDWindows 10Without obvious or  by any explained reason at all, the game may choose to just hate you - a problem that has remained greatly unresolved for more than 6 months."
76561197988760457,Not Recommended,225540,27496277,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WalkCMD,Do not buy unless you have 16GB of RAM - I have asked for a refund (pending) from Steam but would buy again if developer fixes memory leak.Will update review if this happens.
,Not Recommended,225540,27909352,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,lRagner シ,"Game was stuck in 1280x800 pixels windowed, controls are disgusting - ctrl for back in menues (esc isn't even bound to anything on menues), and right click to grapple (middle mouse button to scope) - scaling up the resolution zoomed super far into the corner, full screen option didn't work."
,Not Recommended,225540,20539849,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Heckler,"UPDATED 25th Feb 2017 (See end comments)I loved the previous games, and to a certain degree I love this one too... But, and it's a BIG BUTT (I cannot lie) it simply doesn't have the longevity or playability of JC2. It's far too short, far too easy and over far too quickly.  Trying to get all the collectibles is simple as once you complete a region it adds every single one to the map... no need to explore, no need to go hunting for things... It's all handed to you on a plate to make it easy.I've put 68hrs into it, but I'd completed it within 20 and found all of the collectibles, I've spent the rest of the time completing challenges and doing silly things to get achievments.Unless they are going to be adding to the game for free, it's vastly overpriced for what you are getting... I picked it up in the sale for £30... and I feel ripped off.  I paid £10 for JC2 in a sale and think it's one of the best games I've ever played. Far more things to do, far bigger map (it seems so much larger because there's three times as many things to do).This one feels cheap in comparison... Save you money and wait until it's less than £10... Otherwise you'll feel cheated too.Update:I picked up the Air/Sea/Land expansion for £4.99 in a recent sale. I refused to purchase it at full price and I already felt that the original game was over priced for what amounted to very little content. From what I could see about the expansion, it was far too much for far too little... Seems to be a trend in modern games... Remove parts of the game and sell them on at extra cost to the player.To put it bluntly... even at £4.99 I feel cheated... Is that it... a few new easily conquered regions, a few new targets to blow up and a few knew toys to play with that make the game even easier.  Are there players out there that complained that it was too hard?.. because if they think this game is too hard then boy have I got news for you... You're crap at playing games.Not only do I stand by my previous review... I'll say that this expansion adds zero added value to it.Save your money, grab it when you can get the whole thing inc all DLC for less than £10 and then... and ONLY then is worth spending your money on.Anything over that is a waste of money."
76561198330919280,Not Recommended,225540,27047937,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,danfinkenthal,This game when worked was fun but it crashes all the time and now ot doesnt get past the load screen please STAY AWAY FROM UNLESS YOU WANT TO THROW MONEY IN HE GARBAGE!!!  AGAIN STAY AWAY
,Not Recommended,225540,19422370,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,adzi,With a GTX 980 cant get Ultra + 60 fps and even on medium it dips. Havent beat first mission as crashes immediately. Awful port.
76561198046986390,Not Recommended,225540,19422179,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ming the Merciless,"Im believe that this game is as epic as all the pre-release footage shows, and will run well. I also believe that good games should have playable framerates. These two belifes are currently at odds, with JC3 having such a bad framerate that the first missin was literally unplayabe. Will be good, but is not there yet."
76561198051823844,Recommended,225540,19425713,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,special boy,"Don't judge this game based on the reviews. It's only negative mostly because of people complaining with AMD. The game was released only a few days ago. Right now, I'm using an R9 270x, and no problems. Seriously, people need to stop downvoting just because of the textures. Calm down."
,Recommended,225540,20527515,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,King Malotroth,"Did you enjoy ""Grass Simulator""? How about ""Librarian Simulator""? ""Rock Simulator""? Then you are going to LOVE* this game!*HATE"
,Not Recommended,225540,32894706,Posted: 27 June,all,*SZO* The Cell {LdV} [Ger],"Compared to Just Cause 2 saying the controls have been downgraded is an understatement.Even games like GTA San Andreas that are 12 years older have a better camera BY FAR!I didn't even play through the first mission because it is that bad.I would rather buy a mod with this map and features in Just Cause 2 for retail price, than playing this garbage ever again!"
,Not Recommended,225540,33469226,Posted: 11 July,all,Whalerguy,"TL;DR Buy GTA V and Far Cry instead, they are at least fun to play.I wanted to like this game so much, but playing it was irritating and frustrating and that just isn't what I'm looking for when playing a game.  The controls are... less than intuitive would be a kind way to put it.  The gameplay is just MEH.  There never seems to be a good reason to do anything and the story sems forced onto the game like a tomboy into a miniskirt.  It seems like the game is a poorly represented version of FarCry and GTA with all the worst elements of both.  The shooting is inaccurate, the mechanics always seem to be stilted and artificial and never work the way you want them to.  This would be fine if you didn't have to rely on slick mechanics to get through levels.  The cutscenes are long and intrusive, and the gameplay leaves you trying to guess what you are doing frequently.  This would be fine if it was fun, it's not.Everything points to this supposedly being the awesome open world game that you wanted.  I never got that impression.  I tried to enjoy it but I decided that playing other titles was at the very least more fun and as such this wasn't a game to endure playing."
,Recommended,225540,19410639,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,DrowsySam,"Updated review.. Was negative before, now I'll give it a positive.Lag seems to be gone after driver updates and other random tweaks. Bit disappointed it wasn't running perfectly on launch, which I expected from Avalanche Studios.Overall great fun, visuals are lovely and runs great now at maxed settings.Things I did to get running nicely:-Installed everything in the Just Cause 3 CommonRedist folder-Updated to latest NVIDIA beta drivers-Gave my CPU a lil' OCGTX 970 STRIX16GB 1866 RAMi5-4670k @ 4.4Ghz"
76561198020011270,Recommended,225540,29435502,Posted: 22 January,all,TommyTom,"I am really loving this game, its really just an explosions simulator. But this game is much more than that, the game is just as fun roaming around as playing missions. You can steal tanks, harass soldiers, liberate towns, and much more! Its really all down to your imagination with the stuff they give you. And don't even mind the great scenery in the game. IT IS TRULY AMAZING! Of course theres a story to this game, in my opinion, the story is kinda good. Its just really trying to take down this guy who is a ruler of a country.Since this is a review i'm not going to tell you every name of every person and everything you do in the game. Now another important part, optimization. Yes, like all games this needs a fairly decent rig to run. So don't go playing this game without a dedicated graphics card, YOU WILL BE IN FOR A BAD TIME. My only cons are really just driving and flying. Driving is... kinda terrible. The camera is just kinda all over the place and the controls are kinda twitchy. But I am playing on the keyboard so it might be different for you if you have a controller. I would also like to advise to maybe pickup this game when its on sale, this game is really just a steal when its on sale. I got the XL version for only 20$! To sum up this game, its the best choice when all you are just looking for are explosions, literally, the explosions in this game are really realistic and awesome at the same time! If all I said up there applies to you (except the optimization part) applies to you, then consider picking this game!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19555569,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Draeks,"As hard as I tried to like it, I just can't bring myself to it.Yes i haven't even touched it now, cause for me it's so nerve racking that I can't bring myself to play it. It consumes more time to get it working then actually playing itI couldn't bring myself to finish the very first quest... you'll be given after the tutorial.First of I wanna start with the huge waiting time when you beginn to start the game up.After some time in the scene where you see the beatiful beach you try pressing randomly on your keyboard for any menu selection to open. But nothing, after what felt like a minute you see you connecting to an online server.After that you will be granted again with loading and finally with the menu.My first problem but not even the worst is the framedrop... The game has huge HUGE framedrops and performance issues and I can guarantee, this is not because of your pc. Mine is top notch self made and still not able to fight back against this really bad console port. Which brings me to the next point.Ok it was already known before that this will be a console port just like the his predecessor, but this one was good and playable even on the console... Yes not only the PC drops the framerate like its hot, even the XBOX ONE can't handle it. This is the time where I began to wonder if this game was tested. Cause the issues already happen at the very beginning of the game.Then for those who maybe havent noticed yet, when you want to change the PC keyboard layout ((((because the game puts explosive on Capslock [best key why not num1 this would have been worse] which causes the game to (if you have the feature activated) tab out for you to show you have capslock activated causing it to go in a ""fake fullscreen"" which you can't get rid of easily because the game still thinks it's in fullscreen etc.etc.etc. going away from what I wanted to say))) and go back into the game even after not changing anything you can't play anymore... it unrecognized the keyboard as the primary and takes the gamepad instead and no I hadn't one plugged in, I tested it afterwards.This is even better if you play with a roccat keyboard... with easy shift... imagine pressing alt f4 to select your explosives, this is how I felt while I was trying to do this. And this is just the tutorial, I would never ever use explosives after this(German Synchro)Oh and how I can forget the totally unique dialogues if I those still count as such.They are terrible... I don't know if unsynchronized (that's not even describing it) Speech is hip with todays youth, but I highly dought it. Sometimes it's like a theatre with everyone shouting something at you and you try your hardest to at least understand one of them... this goes to the point where even the subtitles give up.Oh and the cutsecenes... the one time you look out of a plane, oh but in the next two seconds you're standing one it to shoot down air defenses. After that all of a sudden you need to go into the tank then you shoot everything down, then a helicopter from the rebells just so happens to fly by when you needed one cause there is an emergency somewhere else and only you can do something........ It's like they wanted to show you all the potential they had, but don't know how to show so the throw everything at you. Yes this is glimsly the tutorial of the game.What I liked though was the graphic, when fpm left his little brother fps fondle with the framerate for a few.... seconds.I try to hard to be funny, but in the end it all sums up to...Wait for an update and hope they don't pull a Warner Brothers and just give up on it...But for the meantime this game is a nogo."
,Recommended,225540,21658576,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ΣＬΣＴＲＩＫ,10/10 bought the XL version and it went on sale 2 days later after i bought it
76561198253362739,Not Recommended,225540,21505724,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kal3Kn1ves,this game sucks it is so laggy and crashes every time i go to play DO NOT BUY Waste of $59.99
76561198179011395,Recommended,225540,25676261,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Shadow Nade,Decently fun.  Good to waste time.
76561198183445167,Not Recommended,225540,29189746,Posted: 11 January,all,Zifias,"I enjoy the game. However, alot of the players have been experiencing issues with the game crashing. This has been going on for months, with still no fix. I would not recommend spending money on this game until they can fix the issues they created."
,Recommended,225540,20596951,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Sharkking,"I have a few hours on this game and I can already say its one of the best games ive ever played. Game runs like very smootly and the visuals are amazing! You start of with a bang by shooting police bases with a rocket launcher on top of a plane. Then after a bit of walking you end up fighting a enemy helicopter and some police. You also learn how to use the grapple hook one of the games main features. After the tutorial you are free to do quests take down enemy bases or just enjoy the view. One of the things that makes this game so fun is the destructive terrain almost anything can be destoryed with some explosives! The police system works like so, Irritate the police you have one star they can call in reinforcements or if other drive by they will join in if you successfully destroy all of them heat is gone. The maximun ammount of stars is 5 I personally find it most fun then,with thanks helicopthers and loads of police. One main feature many may not like is the no sprinting feature you must either walk or grapple, the grapple can only go so far and it can be a bit of a hassle to go long distances. Cars can also be used a a method of travel aswell as jets and helicoppterts[which i have yet to master on how to fly]. Overall its a great game and would highly reccomend it to fans of GTA serires aswell as fans of watch dogs"
,Not Recommended,225540,29734438,Posted: 5 February,all,The Bennafactor,"Not even done the campaign and i have already encountered several bugs that required a restart, or if i get lucky the game crashes and takes care of that for me. One mission actually required me to start the game in big picture mode and use my controller. Aside from the gameplay elements, the game is poorly optimized, with regular frame drops and crashes regardless of system power or ingame settings, even more than a year after the release. I dont hold out hope they will ever fix it.It isn't all bad, if you can look past the performance issues and the fact that they removed basic controls like sprinting, ducking, rolling, and the ability to fully reconfigure keybindings, the new grappling hook system opens up a massive amount of possibility for screwing around and destroying things, and the physics engine is nearly top notch. The voice acting was also massivly improved, with some actually funny dialogue lines throughout the campaign.Overall fun game if you just want to screw around with the physics, but not nearly polished enough to justify buying for full price, and dissapointing considering how great Just Cause 2 was, and still is."
,Not Recommended,225540,23831206,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Brozgar,"It is even more fun than the second part, however the performance optimization is probably the worst I've seen in years. So I'm not going to go into details with other aspects, because they don't matter when you can't play properly. Blowing stuff up and playing with physics is not so fun when you get only a few frames of the whole animation.Even if I lower the settings and get above 200 FPS, it will often (very often) drop below 20, sometimes even to 1-5 FPS, which makes the game unplayable at times and very annoying in general. I enjoy these half-an-hour sessions that I get, but I can't play more because it's just hard to stand the lag for so long...I still hope they fix it, after all Just Cause 2 was just insanely well optimized for the visuals that it provided. Too bad many people who worked on the second part weren't involved in development of this one (according to forums).I will keep checking every now and then if it's finally fixed and when it is, I'd gladly change my review.My specs are:Intel i7 4790k @ 4.00 Ghz12 GB of RAMNvidia GTX 960Windows 10 64-bitI'm using HDD, however, which could influence the performance of this game, since there are a couple of tweaks that could help if you have SSD. Often times my disk usage gets to a 100%, which is also causing a lag. In any case, I play most games on max settings (including Witcher 3, for example) and I never get these insane lag spikes anywhere other than in this game."
,Not Recommended,225540,28355943,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Belldandy,"Don't bother if you own Just Cause 2, because this is just a re-skin and graphic upgrade. Plus SLI / Crosfire does not work."
76561197970750897,Not Recommended,225540,21668788,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,recult,Unplayable. First time loading it completely locked up my system while loading. Second time it completely locked up my system a few seconds into painfully slow gameplay started. I updated my video card driver. Third time it locked up while loading again.If you were wondering I have an 8 core AMD FX 8350 rig.
,Not Recommended,225540,20802090,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,KR4lf,"Wow this game is a huge let down. The controls are just outragous, full of bugs and glitches, and the ""acting"" is just pathetic. I've spent a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of hours into this game, and cannot for the life of me find a good reason to have bought this. I'm actually more upset with myself, this game is not worth the amount it's asking. Honestly, If you find this game on steam for sale, take the money and just burn it. It's still not worth it."
,Recommended,225540,19637182,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,aceon,"Love this game, needs some optimization but one of the best games I've ever played"
76561197995810377,Not Recommended,225540,20797024,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Cloneofyou32,"I won't give you something really long-winded to read, because I don't like reading them myself most of the time. I really wanted to like this game. I do still like the game, but I cannot reccommend it for several reasons.1. It is still buggy as all hell. The last patch they pushed out solved some of the issues and actually made the game playable for me, but there is still a lot wrong. If you have 16 GBs of RAM, you'll probably be okay. Otherwise there are still problems with memory leaks and very poor optimization. Even at 8 GBs like I have, the game still trips over playing the micro videos associated with every power up. In addition, if I play the game more than 30 minutes at a time I start to see my game visibly stutter and pause with larger explosions.2. The game requires a constant connection to Steam as well as Square or else it turns into something unbearable. I didn't find it to be very intrusive until my internet connection went spotty at one point. Even after I told it to turn on Offline Mode, it continued to try to check for a connection EVERY, SINGLE, TIME I opened my map. Needless to say, this quickly became unbearable.Both of these issues would have to be fixed before I could reccomend the game at all."
,Recommended,225540,27243731,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hack much? Gone,EXPLOSION.... Thats all i have to say.
76561197971055702,Not Recommended,225540,27445473,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mannum-balum-Aššur,This game still runs terrible almost a year after launch. My rig exceeds the recommended requirements.
,Recommended,225540,26824804,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nitron,"Explosions. End of Review.Open World: Humongus, all the same sometimes.Story: Who cares. It's ... okay. It also gives you golden stuff.Gameplay: Best part about this game. Getting around via wingsuit is epic.Overall: eightsplosions/10 (subjective) 7/10 (realistic)"
,Not Recommended,225540,33845273,Posted: 27 July,all,⋘Sword⋙,"In this game there is a challenge that is completely broken called ""Laguna Blast"" it took me 5 hours to complete because it fundamentally broken(Keep in mind that this is a challenge that has a timer of 3 minutes maximum). I had a ♥♥♥♥ing mental breakdown trying to get from 4 cogs to 5 cogs because there is an invisible wall that stops all but one approach, this approach requires you to ramp off a rock at exactly the right angle at exaclty the right time this is all including cars that control worse than watchdogs, the map randomizing vehicle placement even putting busses in your direct path, and having to load 20-30 seconds between each attempt. This mission has been broken since the games launch and this mission relies so much on dumb luck and is so frusterating that I recommend anyone who tries to 100% open world games to stay away. Other than that the games pretty good just wanted to get something back for the 5 hours I wasted, 10/10 IGN.(Edit): I thought the game controlled poorly on a mouse and keyboard but I was surprised when in the ""Sky Fortress"" DLC they somehow managed to make it control worse some of the challenges on this DLC are almost impossible without a controller so if you play on buying the ""XL Edition"" just know that the controller makes this game a lot more enjoyable because of how broken mouse and keyboard feel sometimes. My computer also surpasses the minimum requirements and it still runs like garbage, it's okay for the most part but after each loading screen it drops severily and you have to pause and wait for it to load unless you want to play 30 seconds to a minute playing 11-15 fps."
76561198125121755,Recommended,225540,29509057,Posted: 26 January,all,Nillod,you go around blowing stuff up mostly
76561198046628585,Recommended,225540,21415608,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Laurens,"Great game, some challenges are a bit too hard though, I've played this game for about 50 hours now and completed 98% of the game."
76561198026776261,Not Recommended,225540,24154020,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,impish,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.It is hideously broken. On a 980-ti, 16GB RAM, i7-4970s it should not struggle at 1080p! The frame-rate is all over the place, it stutters every 5 seconds or so, barely hits 60fps.THIS IS A COMPLETELY BROKEN PIECE OF CRAP - DO NOT BUY IT.(huge fan of Just Cause 2 - can't believe they've screwed this up so badly)."
76561198014450625,Not Recommended,225540,34046611,Posted: 5 August,all,genomecat,Stay away from this game. The PC version is so horribly put together that it will constantly crash your computer and wipe out your saves. I tried way too long to try and get this to work for any period of time just to have it crash my entire computer. My Alienware computer far exceeds the required specs and it still constantly crashes. This game should be removed by Steam until the publisher creates a viable patch that will stop all the crashes.
76561197968332649,Not Recommended,225540,34160378,Posted: 10 August,all,Martinos,"Another game where I need a ""meh"" button.  This game gets a solid 5.  Really it's just another sandbox where you run around and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up.  Literally the whole selling feature of this game is that you run around and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up, only problem is there's nothing really else to do.  The challenges are mostly boring and there's really no incentives to complete, and some of them are really freaking hard too.  The storyline is freaking dull and almost non existent with a whopping 15 or so missions, none of which you really care much about.  The mechanics are technically correct, and the game has some nice vistas, so that's really it's standout stuff.  But most importantly I just never got sucked into it too much, probably because if never really gives you that ""god"" ability like I really want in a game where the whole point is to run around and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up.  Honestly, I died way too easily, and there was no challenges out there to not make my character a ♥♥♥♥♥.  The game just never really satisfied."
76561198160636860,Not Recommended,225540,34392300,Posted: 21 August,all,Dictator,Trying to get a 5 star in the challenges seriously makes me doubt my existance...
76561198141973607,Recommended,225540,32846250,Posted: 27 June,all,DuckDuckBoom,"SUCH A GOOD GAME MAN ,i have all the dlc's and i have completed 100 percent of this game and i loved all of it not buying this game is the worst idea of you life"
,Recommended,225540,22900810,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,🐰Bonnie Gaming🐰,i love the big amazing explosions there so cool there just so cool
,Not Recommended,225540,23679882,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Brutakas,"There are some quirks that annoy me like the camera re-centering when you go into stunt position or Rico's lack of resilience to explosions (odd for a man in his profession).  The FOV is too low and can't be changed in-game outside of using mods.  Detonating C-4 has its own button, placing C-4 does not.Overall, my biggest complaint is with the controls.  The PC vehicle controls are subpar at best and an active detriment at worst.  The wingsuit controls are not any better.The fire and explosions look fantastic."
76561198027857741,Not Recommended,225540,30327368,Posted: 4 March,all,Fancheezii,"Just Cause 3A game filled with some of the best highs and most disastrous lows of any recent game i have played.Upon getting this game on release day i was hyped. Loved just cause 2 with at least 3 playthroughs completed on ps3. Arrived at a new triple A title only to find no SLI support... okay. This meant i was using a 680 instead of a 690. On release day this game was nothing short of unplayable. I just love 30fps medium settings at 1080p,, trully glorious. After waiting for some drivers and a couple of patches I got stuck in, and was having great fun. Stuttering on a 4790k aside, i was having fun.So lets talk gameplay.- The wingsuit, was a very logical and good edition to Just Cause, it aloud for mobility (without vehicles) to be increased         massively, although difficult at first, a lot of fun once mastered.- Vehicles feel a lot better than in just cause 2 mostly down to the work of Criterion Games who did a fantastic job, except motorbikes, they are horrendous and easily one of the worst things to drive in any game. Lots of vehicle choice with plenty of detail.- Challenge scores and Feats that once set your friends can try and beat, a lot of fun to be had. However many of the challenges are incredibly buggy (especially bomb blasts) this 9 times of 10 stop them from being fun and make them more of a chore and an absolute nuisance.- Upgrades, not much needs to be said, they are great edition and really help with a sense of progretion throughout the game, good job.- Graphics, oh my. Run in 4k on a Titan X Pascal, its nothing short of stunning. Render distances could be improved but apart from that a true feast for the eyes.- Story, no spoilers, is a lot of fun but has dodgy characters and terrible pacing with live rendered cutscenes that most of the time go wrong in some way.Now, comes for the real problems. Im currently running a 5960x at 3.3ghz and the game doesnt stutter at all even in massive moments of destruction. However it should not be necessary to owen a £1000 cpu just to get the game to be smooth. The developers need to get there act together. My game would crash after about 4 hours of play without fault, there are still VRAM leak bugs that havnt been bothered to be fixed. And although I would say compared to most people my game ran well I know a friend with a 6700k and GTX 1080 and the game would flat out refuse to run in full screen without crashing.However many hours of enjoyment I have had out of this title I cannot overlook the fact that the Devs released a broken game and have refused to fix it.Overall I would give this game a 5/10p.s. Dont get me started on the DLCs what a cash grabbing joke, 60% of the time they are absolutly horrendous and the rest of the time they are crashing. They break all of the balance in the game and unless you can get them all for under £5 i wouldnt go anywhere near them."
,Recommended,225540,31131593,Posted: 14 April,all,[MFC] stavrosthewonderchicken,"When I was young, I had flying dreams, all the damned time.Now that I'm old as hell, not so much. But playing this game and -- leaving aside the fun of just blowing things up and watching those things go kabooom in entertaining ways -- wingsuit-gliding around the place, the sunny beautiful wide-horizoned place?Well, the flying around is precise and it's satisfying and you can learn how to do it better as time goes by and I'll tell you what: it fills my heart-meters up in the same kind of way those adolescent flying dreams used to.I want to buy the people who made this game many drinks, just for enabling the surge of gentle happiness that floating across the sunny rugged beatiful world gives me.And, you know, it's fun playing the 'game', grappling down when you are so inclined, and riding that ol' stereotypical male dominance fantasy pleasure ludic loop of just blowing stuff the hell up for no good reason.I love this game a lot."
,Recommended,225540,30727623,Posted: 25 March,all,Nivroku,Attached a person to a helicopter blade. Why? Just Cause
,Recommended,225540,30748456,Posted: 26 March,all,johnnytheguy skinhub.com,its a good game but you have to have a good pc for it
,Recommended,225540,33887182,Posted: 29 July,all,PACMAN / MagiciaN,Craziness at its best
,Recommended,225540,20351565,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MaMaD╰_╯,"First of all this game is amazing.So much fun to play but the story isn't great, but you don't play a Just Cause game for the story.+Cool wingsuit+EXPLOSIONS!!!+Ammo crates for full refill+Detachable mini gun+Good variety of vechs+Challanges are fun+Supply drops are better here in JC3 then in JC2+Anything can be destroyed+Rebel assistance and they drive for you+Meele is good addition but rarely used+Racing a ghost in challanges is really cool"
76561197961218000,Not Recommended,225540,23969328,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bangy,"As you may know, JC3 never managed to get cracked due to the Denovo anti-piracy app that accompanies JC3. Fine, so I waited until it went on sale and that didn't happen until nearly 8 months had passed. I bought, I played and now I regret. This is PRECISELY why people pirate games. They know publishers don't give a crap about customers. Further, the Devs are very silent on the game as well. The issues? Performance. The PC version is nearly unplayable due to lag spikes, stuttering etc. It has nothing to do with the quality of ones rig. Top of the line GeForce or their budget equivelent, its all the same. Losing saved games is also a problem. Its a shame because theres seems to be some fun to be had here but it looks like the powers that be could care less. And the next time they release some content they want me to buy, Ill adopt the same attitude. 3/10"
76561198095956113,Recommended,225540,24016249,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Upstagerope,I have not played Just Cause but this game heavily improves on Just Cause 2. The wingsuit works very well with the game and fetures have been added in to make the game feel more realistic and smooth. The game improves on voice acting which may not seem like much but it actually makes you feel as a part of the story which i did not experience from Just Cause 2. However the game is extremly laggy and is unplayable on a high resolution or graphics which makes the world around not look as pretty. I have all my settings on low and not on 1920 x 1080 with a ok pc and i am still experiencing problems. If you have a weak pc i would not suggest buying this untill you have a stronger pc but the game has major improvments and is easily better than Just Cause 2. If you like Just Cause this is a definate buy but you will have to play with the settings to find what makes it run ok. All the hateful reviews look at this but the game is a 10/10. But because of lag and problems i have to give it a 8/10.
76561198287691029,Not Recommended,225540,24194982,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,JokeRFun,"F@cking Drop Fram i can,t play Game :@"
76561198092972728,Not Recommended,225540,24539484,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Abibas,"Should have listened to the reviews, 980ti and it still lags like a ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198157757484,Not Recommended,225540,23984092,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ohboithisgame,"this game is a pain in the butt to play, I mean srsly I have an nvidia geforce gtx 960 and a intel I7 8gb and cant even run this♥♥♥♥♥♥on medium? welp time to refund this crap"
,Not Recommended,225540,24034975,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mosty,"I have played the game for a small amount of time but it was such a turn off that even on lowest graphics it was still laggy sometimes and fps just drops suddenly for no reason.I have played games like the witcher 3 on highest graphics with a steady 30 fps on my pcCan't really experience the game play to judge it, so do not buy unless your pc is super lol"
,Recommended,225540,21858592,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,XxX_BananaPOWER_XxX,rly cool for me:#MUSTHAVE#1(NVIDIA USER)))))))))))))))))))))))))
,Recommended,225540,35278872,Posted: 28 September,all,Adashdin,"Just Cause 3 is the most fun I've had playing a game. Ever. As you can clearly see, I have played over 250 hours of this game, and I enjoyed every second. This game is like GTA 5 on crack; the graphics are better, the characters are better, the story  is better, it's HILARIOUS, and in my opinion, the hands-down best open world sandbox game out there. At least until they come out with a fourth one. One of the best qualities about this game is its replayability. I finished the story at about 100 hours (It's a long story), but after that there was still a good 75 hours left of gameplay. Liberating bases that weren't part of the story, or whatever else you wanted to do. Once you've REALLY completed the game, there's still SO much more you can do. With a game that has over 50 achievements, it can take a long time. EVEN AFTER THAT, there's more. There are easter eggs, and extra weapons, and vehicles to unlock, and literally any other s hit you want to try out. There are so many things to do, it seems like it might never end. I rate this game a SOLID 11/10Thanks for reading"
76561197970466389,Not Recommended,225540,31072360,Posted: 10 April,all,Major_Jackazz,"its nice to look at, explosions are too, you feel like a baddass at first grappling around with your wingsuit, then after the first handful of towns and bases you liberated it gets extremly repetitive, you can only blow up so much before you get bored. overall its an ok game if you never played any of the Just cause games, but i forced myself to complete this."
,Recommended,225540,30023041,Posted: 18 February,all,Lasagna,"It's an action movie that you control, if you like saints row you'll probably like this game"
76561198069929568,Recommended,225540,30087526,Posted: 21 February,all,Da Mex,Good game
,Not Recommended,225540,30756736,Posted: 26 March,all,intox. Requiesta de Silencia,"This game probably works just fine on consoles, but after playing this horrible PC port I will not be purchasing anything further from Avalanche studios unless they revisit this game and fix the problems. With glaring optimization holes, a memory leak that has persisted since the game was released until now, and an aggravating bug with precision aiming and lock-on weapons for vehicles, I cannot recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,225540,19435642,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Mickey Bricks,"Funny how I can run this game 60fps+ with no crashes with a 750 ti.Really good, heaps of fun, definitely spending more than a few hours in this sandbox."
,Not Recommended,225540,27191273,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Prince_Lexmark_the_Printed,"Abyssmal performance, despite meeting suggested requirements. Don't buy this poorly optimized piece of garbage. Microstutters, sound lagging and huge FPS drops on even minimal settings.I am refunding this crap."
,Recommended,225540,27815048,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mindaugas,"This game is only for peaple that don't care if a game is realistic.If you dont like explosions with nice graphics, then don't bother trying this game it's just not for you.And if you think you jsut want to drive around, i worn you this game is not made for driving around, and motrobikkes are undrivable.Camera on vehicles is one of the worst in open world games as well."
76561198020553622,Not Recommended,225540,27821413,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lord Artemis Thundercock,"Save your money. The game is a buggy broken mess and it seems Avalanche have no intention of fixing their game. After constant CTD's and the inability to get the game to run in full screen, even after scouring the net for possible fixes I just gave up. I had more fun getting a refund for this game than actually trying to get it to work (and it's not my rig that's the problem). It's a shame because Mad Max from them runs like a dream but this is a bloody nightmare."
,Not Recommended,225540,21742365,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Nokeldin,"more than 3 months and 3 patches later, the game is still unplayable. On a system that meets the minumum requirements i get 60+ fps at 1080p on low settings. around 45 on medium. the problem? it lasts only for 30-45 minutes. after that the game compeletly craps out. frame drops, unable to pause/access the in-game map, and finally crashes.the 1/2 hour playtime i do get is usually fun. but is extrememly repititive, and the AI is very bad. sometimes it'll be hard to get beyond 2nd level heat. other times ill get a 6 in no time. on  the plus side the map is pretty large and the game does look good. also the explosions are nice. the story is not engaging at all, but that hardly matters."
76561198152097574,Recommended,225540,19420810,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,syka_blyat,"и так начнем что я ждал ее сразу после того как прошел в 2-ю, потом до офицального релиза я ждал ее 3 месяца,и воотона моя прелесть если вы думаете стоит ли ее покупать есть только один ответ- стоит!!!!это намного лучше гта 5 в плане механики,физики,баевки.из Плюсовтакие Кинематографичные сценыя просто ахреневаюфизикаоптимизацияграфикасюжетксате сюжет норми он не кароткийя прошол за 10 ч 30 проци это ток сюжеткаа игры 17процнамного круче гта 5намногоа если еше добават мультилеер мод то вообшеигра осени номер 1из - пока не нашел)))"
76561198162979535,Recommended,225540,24271026,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,T☣XIC,"THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER!!!GREAT EXPLOSIONS, CAR CRASHES & WINGSUTING AND GRAPPLING EVERON a serious note though this is a game worth buying and will be worth every single cent"
76561198186377707,Recommended,225540,32123069,Posted: 1 June,all,dmacs_,It's a fun game but the story is really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ i wouldnt pay full price for the game but if its on sale for 15 dollars off definetley
,Not Recommended,225540,23527476,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,nobody,"To be honest, my opinions of Just Cause 3 are 50/50"
,Recommended,225540,23397665,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Martini,"I absolutely adore this game. The gameplay couldn't have been made any better. The wingsuit is the best addition to any game I've ever seen. Most of the things you see can be destroyed in a very satifying way. The DLC is also very well made, no complaints there. I can't play this game without staying and playing an extra 5 minutes for three hours, it's just that fun. The story isn't that deep but it's deeper than Just Cause 2 but don't expect it to rival any of the more story driven games out there, I still enjoyed it though and I love games with story. The weapons, for the most part, are great, especially when you unlock th M488 which is basically a handheld nuke launcher. The challenges are ok, some of which are impossible to complete perfectly without upgrading your skills but some are still fun. The world is massive and beautiful, complete satifaction there, amazing job. The vehicals don't control that well but they get the job done.I only have one beef with this game.It is horribly optimized for PC. After launch it was ok and there were minimal problems, but then after some patches mods made the game crash unexpectedly and constantly. Then I removed my mods and everything worked for a while until some DLC and updates came out and now my game crashes...   A LOT. I still recommend this game but I suggest that you either get it on console or make sure you get another game to play when this one isn't working or just wait until the game is fixed if that ever happens. Right now I would give it an 7.8/10 until the problems are fixed."
76561198079443730,Recommended,225540,33255949,Posted: 4 July,all,Dubya,This game is absolutely fantastic but I'm only writing this for the stickers.
76561198019947254,Not Recommended,225540,19560722,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,White Privilege,"This game is incredible.... if I could play it for longer than half hour sessionsAs of writing, this the game has been out for about a week, yet it still under performs and crashes constantly, I have asked my friends who also own the game and they tell me that they suffer the same problems.This really disappoints me, because it looks beautiful, the gameplay offers freedom of movement like no other, and I love every minute, every mission, and every combat scenario, no other game in my opinion has made compulsory territory capture so entertaining, I see a mission locked because I need to take a stronghold and I get giddy.Honestly if A.S would patch the hell out if this, and fix the many issues then I would rate this game flawless.I will not recommend JC3, because developers fully releasing broken games with the intent of fixing them later really needs to stop.Avalanche Studios, you let me down"
,Not Recommended,225540,29851308,Posted: 11 February,all,R E L A X,never-ending enemy spawn simulator 10/10
76561198277507299,Not Recommended,225540,22285333,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,therealdefault,Poor Perfimance even on high end specs.
,Recommended,225540,21075943,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Bagel,Michael Bay Simulator
,Recommended,225540,28870411,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Molasses™,Me like big boom.
76561198262842364,Not Recommended,225540,26123558,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,r37d,"dont buy unless its on sale, costs way too much money and it gets really boring fast"
,Recommended,225540,19934963,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,LFUCKING,"I really don't understand the problem. I haven't played this game much but I can definatly confirm it has no problems.First I think it's ridiculous that so many people are complaining about the system specs. I've read sevreal reviews saying ""I have an i3 at 2GHZ and a 1GB Nvidia card. WTF I CAN'T RUN AT 60FPS?!"" Why would you even attempt to run it at that.Secondly the game runs perfect. I have an i5 4690k at 3.5GHZ, 8GB RAM and an Nvdia 970 at 4GB. I can run the game maxed out at 60+ fps with no problems unless there's a huge explosion or something. The graphics are amazing, the game looks so colourful and beautiful and the world is amazing.So far the story is great and you can see how much detail they have included into this game."
,Not Recommended,225540,25991878,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,mr.viruS|#[           ],Dont know why but camera angle is giving me motion sickness.I loved just cause 2 but this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy it!Also Steam wont give me refund because gaben is trying to build a ♥♥♥♥ing castle from all the money he is getting.
,Not Recommended,225540,33414156,Posted: 9 July,all,็็็ ☭,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,225540,20004375,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MrDogeFTW,This game is so good. I love this game more than any other free roaming game. The game still has some bugs but they are almost all gone. I give this great of a game a 8/10.
76561198148022298,Recommended,225540,20047201,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,tman8477,"I found just cause a very good game at heart, but there are both negatives and positives. Lets start with the positives:The game has many many explosions.Has many ways to travel across the huge map of Medici. Some cons though are: the preformance issues this game is terribly obtimized and does not work well on some amd graphics cards and processers.Not a very good story (but the game is made more for the free roam anyway). Annoying challenges to upgrade gear and no multiplayer.Overall a good game if you engoy messing around in free roam."
,Not Recommended,225540,20111478,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,546534534,"its fun and very good game it has a good sandbox mode,But it is very repetitive pass the 5 hour mark, i mean you can have fun but not for long and for the price of it i wouldnt pay for it"
76561198012441300,Not Recommended,225540,20037998,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Supreme leader,one of the most boring games ever
76561198120273486,Recommended,225540,20035036,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,weeb,This is a game about blowing stuff up in a numerous different ways.... oh theres also a stroryPros:Open worldGrappling HookGunsMore GunsEXPLOSIONSand the greatest thing in this game ..The WingsuitDid I say explosions?Cons:Online login?Optimization isnt greatThe game can get repeatativeThe story isnt great but is better than JC2
,Recommended,225540,19419723,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Willem Van Oranje,"Without taking in fact that people have ""performance failures""After playing this game for arround 10 Hours i fell in love with it exploding everything on my way and just being rico.In my opinion this is a very good game the wingsuit is very smooth the driving is like mweh, but who needs a car when you got wingsuit and a grapling hook?I recommended this game if your system can run it but you might wanna wait till some updates if you cant9.4/10"
,Recommended,225540,19419875,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,CCatalysts,"Just Cause 3 is a third person action game that encourages destruction and insane combos. If you're familiar with Just Cause 2, you'll probably find that many of the mechanics have been implemented in Just Cause 3. But, these mechanics have been refined and work considerably well in its new iteration.The parachute controls are fluid and the implementation of the wingsuit makes it even more fun. The driving could use some work, as it's very difficult to move either left or right, and it encourages you to drift almost all the time; making time trials very difficult. The game's graphical fidelity is good, but there is currently an issue with SMAA 2x/TX which results in ghosting. Use SMAA or FXAA to relieve these issues. Performance is fine so far, and the new NVIDA and AMD drivers have helped with most performance issues.The story so far has been very standard and don't see it being significant from any other release this year. It seems far more humorous and it looks like it embraces the insanity of the overall game. The gameplay can be repetitive, as you're mostly going to be only capturing outposts and liberating cities/towns. If you don't enjoy doing repetive actions, then you'll most likely not enjoy this game."
76561198109815449,Recommended,225540,21076842,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,solomspd,"why?...just causebut in all seriousness, i was hesitant at first to purchase this due to the preformance complaints but when i finally tried it out it ran pretty well. It was a great port. great game on all fronts especially with all the EXPLOSIONS!in case you are curious, I use an AMD GPU.I highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,225540,19417098,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TheInnocentRaccoon,Got crushed by my own helicopter 10/10.
,Not Recommended,225540,23832772,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ｒｏｌｅｘａｎｄｅｒ,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥
76561198199780870,Recommended,225540,20021218,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Payne_Royale,"the only problem i have is that the shadows are really glitchy and are flashing violently, please fix"
76561198103576874,Recommended,225540,23222543,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Baelish,A Very Moist Game. Would Recommend!
,Not Recommended,225540,33575913,Posted: 15 July,all,TCP | Scoser,"When the devs sat down to make this game, they said ""Let's take everything that made Just Cause 2 a great game and somehow make it worse.""I would strongly recommend not buying this game and if I was given the chance to go back in time and play this game for free, I still wouldn't. Here are some of the reasons why:-Remapping keys barely works most of the time. If you remap your keys while in the game world, all keys become unusable until you completely exit the game and restart it. Some ingame interactions require you to use the original key for the action to be performed, resulting in you having to google for which key it actually wants you to use.-Bugged missions and challenges everywhere. Sometimes your escort targets or enemies just never show up in missions, and when they do, there's a good chance they will just stand there or run/fly around in circles (great when it's the enemies that do this, but still).-Invisible walls/objects. Sometimes you'll just be driving/flying/boating around and you'll just randomly hit an invisible object/wall and flip/explode. Sometimes you'll try to blow something up and it'll be protected by an invisible wall. It's back to google when this happens to try and find away around the walls.-The wingsuit is complete garbage. Grappling while using it has the annoying tendency of pulling you directly into the ground, even when you're pointing your grapple far ahead of you. Trying to actually use it (especially in the challenges) is like trying to maneuver a dead rhinoceros, requiring you to have a near godlike touch in order to not crash. You'll learn to hate streetlights, which are literally everywhere in your path during the challenges, resulting in an instant fail if you come within 10 feet of them (apparently their collision radius, for some godforsaken reason).-The unskippable start screen that takes approximately 3 minutes of just sitting there to trigger the menu.tl,dr version: Buy Just Cause 2 instead, or if you already own it, replay it instead of buying this. It'll save you hours of frustration (assuming you don't refund it pretty much right after starting it)."
,Recommended,225540,19950067,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,BlueFalcon,"Lots of negative reviews of people saying it runs like crap, but I haven't had any issues. Ran it on a 7870 at launch, which while being the minimum requirement still ran nicely after updating the drivers. I have since upgraded to a 390 (with overclock) and it runs amazingly at 1080p 60fps with no frame drops or textures failing to load.As for the game itself, if you only play games for the enthralling story, go ahead and pass on this one. It is basically just another ""Liberate the towns and free the people"" type of deal. However, if you have ever played/watched an action game/movie and wished that you could do the crazy stunts that happen in the cutscenes, then this is the game for you. It is basically action movie porn, full of explosions that would give Michael Bay wet dreams and ridiculous stunts that Vin Diesal would put into his movies. And the best part is that you can do them at any time; no complicated QTE (One button events only), no stupid cutscenes, very few story-specific triggers. Just good old fashioned 80's style over the top action.I am running it on these specs:4690k @ 4.5GHz on waterMSi R9 390 8GB16GB 1600 DDR3Loading from a Samsung 840 EVO"
,Recommended,225540,19428966,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Vurplex,"Runs buttery smooth maxed out on a GTX 980 with an Intel Core i7-4790K overclocked at 4.00 GHz. ( Oh, and rip my social life for at least the next for month or so 10/10 would have no freinds again )"
,Recommended,225540,19923863,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Edo,"Pre-order the weekend before release, do not regret it.BriefThere are a handful of minor issues in gameplay, namely that there's hours and hours of challenges before you can get the cool stuff, and that the game lacks much incentive toactuallyclear the world... But otherwise it's amazing fun!A small note on difficulty: Once you get appreciably good at the fly-and-tie mechanics, the only trouble you'll have is in select missions where they just spray an unbelievable number of enemies at you.ElaborationMechanicsThe game's introduction of the new tether-pullandwingsuit mechanics adds a whole new dimension to gameplay, allowing a diverse experience... If you're willing to create it. You have all the tools to create an amazing experience, full of a silly amount of destruction, but if you're just looking for the quickest way to your objective you'll be bored pretty quickly.EnjoyabilityThat's not to say that the game doesn't provide a challenge, quite the contrary as missions involve frustrating escorts and an annoying number of constraints on your movement, but the open-world destruction becomes an exersize in boredom if you don't try new things all the time.Replay ValueThe game, at first, seems like Just Cause 2 in the amount of replay value it offers; there doesn't seem to be much to go back to once you've beaten the game. But, there is a reset option unlocked once the story is completed, which allows you to reset any settlement to its occupied state.StoryNothing spectacular to report here. The game sports much less interesting missions than Just Cause 2, however random-events occur to make up for the lack of assassination and hijacking based missions. You do learn a bit more about Rico's past, but it's just hints and such.The voice acting is better, at least, and there's a lot more in the way of speaking points from Rico's enemiesandallies; but the characters and events are just as flat as last time.Unlike last time, the final-boss mission is utterly awful. At least Just Cause 2 made the mission challenging, but I managed to finish the mission in ~10 seconds (not including cutscenes and flying to the objective).Overall, I'd give this game a 7/10; taking points for lack of good missions and lack of real challenges in base-conquering, as well as the lack of interesting characters/stories.Just Cause 3 is a fine addition to my library, and makes up for many of the shortcomings that I found in JC2."
,Recommended,225540,20005810,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Specter,"This game, for me, was a lost cause because after 30 minutes of gameplay, it would start to stutter and eventually crashed.BUT when I went from 8gbs of ram and updated to 16gbs, the game runs very well now! And now I am able to play it without any problems except the usual buggy physics.-5/7 would recommend if you have more than 8gbs of ram (Cause for me I use around 8.6-8.9 while playing)"
,Not Recommended,225540,20179660,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MaskedX (Forever Offline),"Keep updating please, when I brought it, it ran really slow. I have GTX 660 and a I5 4440."
,Not Recommended,225540,20330254,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,LTBL,Nice job Avalanche Studios. Amazing slide show of a mediterranean country. Browsing images on internet is much faster than this game.
,Recommended,225540,19988015,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,I can't believe I'm not butter,"Hella fun. More JC2, but with more toys. Fantastic.Performance issue complaints are almost a joke. There's settings that halve your framerate for a mediocre improvement in looks. Turn off things like global illumination and (particularly on AMD) water tesselation, and the performance dramatically increases and nothing of value is lost.i5-4670, R9 280X, 16 GB dedotated WAM. Not even a high end graphics card any more. The game is fine. It is fun. Play it."
76561198109204346,Not Recommended,225540,20098424,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TR-8R,"This review is post the new patch. I have played this game for 36 minutes, and have had it crash/freeze on me 8 times. If it had been once, fine, wouldn't be that bad. But I have only been able to play about 5 minutes of actual game. Also, I have a pretty powerful computer. GTX 980m, intel core i7, and yet, even on the lowest settings, when I am moving around, I only get about 30 frames. This is unacceptable condition. I will replay it when this gets fixed, but until then, don't buy this game."
,Recommended,225540,20018788,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,alephazim,"i enjoyed this game really much but as i kept enjoying it, the game kept crashing and crashing. i dont know if its my fault or the devs, but please tell me how to fix this issue."
,Recommended,225540,19673011,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Phxonis,"Actually this game is awesome!In my opinion this game is Game of the Year man.Rico is back and we have to save our homeland against a dictator and it doesn't look so easy.You have to do challanges to open more gears and this missions don't so boring and they're actually funny and there is enought cars,weapons and planes.Graphics are actually great!+Graphics+Cause!+Very big map+Grapling hook-Story is not good.It's like ""your friends are in trouble,you have to save their♥♥♥♥♥""-Beacons ""If you want to drop something you need beacon and you have to go to garrage.""-Optimization ""Don't play it for a time if you don't want to lose frame or any bugs.""TheFlash's point: 100/90Last word:""This game is actually great but it needs to fix because there are bugs and losing frames.But I ignore that and enjoy myself to play.I now there is lots of things to do in this game and I didn't finish the game so I keep going."""
76561197978805562,Not Recommended,225540,32709472,Posted: 23 June,all,Wyrm,"I want to enjoy this game, but the PC port is terrible. It starts with things like ""escape does nothing, CONTROL is the 'go back' button"" and gets worse from there. I'm sure it's probably playable if you have a controller, but don't expect to do much with mouse and keyboard."
,Not Recommended,225540,20004695,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Doom Cookie,"Horrifyingly awful controls (even with a gamepad) for the wingsuit and cars. The only way to unlock new abilities or upgrades is by playing terribly unfun challenges (many of which rely on the aforementioned bad controls). Top it off with serious performance issues that some people are having (though I haven't experienced that).The destructive mayhem is definitely massively improved from Just Cause 2, but not enough to justify the otherwise bad bits of gameplay and pretty steep pricetag."
,Recommended,225540,32786040,Posted: 25 June,all,Gokai Red,"I avoided this game for so long because I heard it had performance issues, especially if you don't have 16gb of ram. It seems to run fine now, though, because I get over 100fps in 1080p on a GTX 1060, with 8gb ram with everything set to Very High."
,Not Recommended,225540,22836565,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Blitz,"The game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ even compared to other recent games, and crashes EVERY SINGLE TIME A LEADERBOARD SHOWS UP. With no way to disable them, that made me repeat the tutorial level five times."
76561198030491290,Not Recommended,225540,21612070,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,vinnygunnz,"This may be a good game, I honestly can't say.  I have put very little time into it because it runs very poorly on my machine.  Games that run well on my rig, Skyrim, GTA 5, Witcher 3, Black Flag, and even Farcry Primal which some seem to be having trouble with.  Even turning down the settings doesn't really seem to help.  There is stuttering and freezes.My rig is an I7 2.8 ghz, gtx 770 2gb, 8 gb ram, windows 7 64 bit.  I run the other games at ultra, very high or high settings and get smooth frame rates on 1080p.Perhaps in the future, when I upgrade or replace my computer I will come back to this game and revisit this review.  But in the mean time, I would caution anyone with a similar rig to be wary of purchasing this game."
76561198272049237,Recommended,225540,31780675,Posted: 15 May,all,Kermit the frog,pretty good game 8 out of 10 stars
,Recommended,225540,20606985,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Dr Pepper,1000 km² of terrain to wingsuit over and I've faceplanted into 998 of it.  There should be an achievement.
,Not Recommended,225540,22030224,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Dr. Deuss,"This would be a great game to buy on sale, but not at full price. First of all, the map is way too big. There is so much empty and wated space, and it takes forever to get anywhere for areas you can't fast travel to yet. Also, the story line is extremely short and repetitive with the same ""go here and blow the same objects up"" missions, and the game makes you do them to progress through the story. Just Cause 3 doesn't have the charm that Just Cause 2 had, it feals like the developers thought everyone wanted a huge map and more comical gameplay, which turned out to be terrible."
,Not Recommended,225540,20174903,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Soaprah Germfrey,Would not recommend for AMD users- will not be easy to actually playOtherwise alot of fun when it doesn't kill my graphics card
,Not Recommended,225540,20175498,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mr. Shish K. Bob,i have a gtx 960 and i can't play this game ... it's the worst optimized game i ever seen i can play assassin's creed syndicate on very high with 30+ fps but this game ... map is so empty but still fps drop like hell and crashes during the damn explosions
76561198119908880,Not Recommended,225540,25160144,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Price,"It could be great but story line was more like half made and unclear at some point and ended so fast and about ram leak issue or fps drop that others had, it was just fine for me had no problem except one time crashed"
,Not Recommended,225540,33675317,Posted: 20 July,all,tangoe,before you think about multiplayer mod. you should fix performance issue. it is very lag. for who is going to buy this. i recommend never buy this until squre enix patch done.
76561198042114922,Recommended,225540,19407035,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DoubleUnicornSwag,"Yes, there are some flaws to the game, what game doesn't. But this is JC3! Just unleash havoc and have fun! I'm lovin it!"
,Not Recommended,225540,28353419,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Remedy,"Memory leak killed any chances of me being able to play this game. It completely locks up my computer after a few minutes, even with specs well above recommended."
,Not Recommended,225540,21790832,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,An Angry Banker,"DLC broke this game for me, now suffers from an aweful stuttering issue that not only makes it unplayable but sometimes crashes the game and sometimes crashes my PC. Very dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,225540,29167770,Posted: 10 January,all,Tux,"This game certainly does not live up to it's predecessors quality, so do not purchase and play it with expectations set at that level. Unfortunately, Just Cause 3 is one of the worst optimised games I have ever played on PC, with massive frame drops and stuttering throughout my playthrough, this effectively ruined what makes the formula of Just Cause enjoyable, which is the fluidity and momentum of chaotic destruction. This lack of PC optimisiation is the core major gripe within the game itself and hinders substaintially on the abilty to fully enjoy the experience. The only way to negate this factor is to have at least 16gb of RAM in your system in an effort to counter the causation of the problem, which is due to massive amounts of memory leak while playing. Halfway through the game I upgraded my rig to 16gb of RAM from 8 thus negating this issue, yet however, it was after the halfway point of the game, where the 2nd major issue arose. This being that although the map size is quite large, around 60 percent of the map, which you tend to explore in late game, is rediculously sparse and barren, which makes the sandbox experience both boring and tedius to traverse. This design descision, along with the rushed and lackluster story is rather telling and reflects the rushed nature of the product, this then in turn highlights the incredibely shallow, monotenous and tedius sandbox experience of the game itself.The only pros of the game, which are worth noting, are that if you enjoy shallow and rather empty sandbox games with the particular tropes and cliches that go along with them, (collectables etc.), then by all means pick this up on sale as it is a rather nice looking world in terms of the graphical fidelity of the nature of the landscape. However that is all that the game offers in terms of its pros.Overall this games warrants a rating of 5/10, with the DLC however it would be brought up to a 6/10 as the items that you recieve, (jetpack, overpowered lighting gun) speed up the process of completion and somewhat allieviate the tedious nature of the game."
,Recommended,225540,25663192,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Ohzoj,Beautiful game full of blowing stuff up.
,Not Recommended,225540,28349946,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Pauli No-Pep,It could be a great game if only the cutscene audio were in sync with the animations and there wasn't a constant siezure inducing flickering of every shadow in the world.
76561197960276731,Recommended,225540,29603473,Posted: 31 January,all,Colt Smith P.I.,Great Game with potential. Can’t wait for it to come out of early access.
,Not Recommended,225540,19563833,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,[R18] SoulFrost,"If you love blowing things up mindlessly for hours on end this is the game for you.If you really really enjoy games like Metal Gear Solid V and think this might be similar .. it's not.I had no preformance issues, might be because im running a top end GPU and 24GB of ram. After a few hours though the game becomes very boring and bland the base captures are very generic and the AI is shockingly bad that after a while even with all the crazyness going on, well I just got bored."
,Not Recommended,225540,19564550,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,stabbedbyapanda,"torricane's review basically says it all, Though the wingsuit isn't even fun for me... which it should be soooo much fun. It is screwy and isn't meant for this game. Like he said... no dive crouch sprint... w.e... and alot of the grapple♥♥♥♥♥♥you should be able to do is now locked and you have to do time trial stuff.... like HONESTLY when i see a game with time trial.... i lose all interest and want a refund.... OH BUT STEAM ONLY OFFERS it for 2hrs or less. Took me 2hrs of the game running just to get it working... Because of the graphic and framerate issues.... and sure I liked it after that for an hour... hated the wingsuit pretty much off the bat... thought the first time you get was funny since you have to pull up so early.... but turning in the wingsuit... isn't how it should be... its just barrel rolling into a clifff, so it basically has 2 functions up sorta or down to your death. And you cant just hit e to get out of it no you have to space-parachute space-exit. Tedious, like many other functions in the game (time trials) Sad, Second huge issue ive had with square enix this year."
,Not Recommended,225540,19572729,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,BusterYIN,A game with no cloud is a bad game.
76561197986067716,Recommended,225540,22327376,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jarl,"If you're only going to buy one blockbuster game this spring then have some fun with just cause 3. I had to choose between FarCry primal, the division and Just Cause 3 and am glad i chose this one.Its getting a bit of a negative rep, and while I agree with the performance issues, and other complaints mentioned, I am still having lots of fun. So a recommendation from me!The cons:- Performance is not that great even on a very good pc, and the game will crash sometimes or be stuck in a long loading screen.- Connecting to some leaderboard server is not something I want to do. The only way to stop it was by forcing my firewall to block JustCause3- Controls are a bit restricted in their mapping, multiple controls have the same button.- Some vehicles are very unresponsive or overresponsive, dont expect GTAv buttery smooth flight or driving.The pros:- Simple easy-going story without too many cliffhangers or difficult character envolvement. Just breeze through it and laugh at it occasionally.- Lots of action possibilities, shooting, planting explosives, rigging a car, carpetbombing, tethering ropes to explosive barrels and dragging em behind your chopper- Freeroaming with a grapling hook, parachute and wingsuit is a lot of fun and easy to get around the map- Lots of activities or sidequests to do because of all the ways in which you can interact with the world- Large map, bit repetative but still 50 euros worth of content. Both in size and in creative content, cities cars etcIts not GTAv in quality of a lot of aspects, like story and game engine. But still fun to do because of some new features, mainly destruction ;)"
76561197969272407,Not Recommended,225540,19563826,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DragonOne,"the gameplay is just horrible, game relyes too heavily on graphics and is far too fast paced. vehicle controls are even worse than they were on the previous game."
,Recommended,225540,19584948,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,InvdrZim13,"Overall the game is tons of fun, the FPS issues detract from this a bit but in my experience it hasn't been that bad.Definitely worth getting, even more so when the patch comes out that addresses the issue."
,Recommended,225540,19664046,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,[NM+] Ominous,"In short:The game is lots of fun, a lot of destruction and insane Hollywood action. Some things like the side activities and maybe even the missions can be a little repetitive, (especially if you want to complete it all,) but the main focus is the freedom to do what you want, and that is what this game is very good at. It provides you with a huge sandbox and lots of awesome tools so you can have lots of fun in every way you imagine.And the long:Apart from the optimisation issues which the game currently has, the HUGE, beautiful open world is full of towns and army bases and outposts that need to be liberated and destroyed. You can do this in every way you want! With all sorts of weapons and vehicles and of course, the beautiful tethers! The game is again, huge and full of content to see and do. Just going from A to B is lots of fun with the new wingsuit. The wingsuit is extremely awesome and feels amazing to use.With the tethers you can be extremely creative by tethering things togheter and retract them. You'll get awesome chains of destruction with everytime another outcome because of the physics based destruction.However, some side activities you'll need to do in order to unlock new gear mods, are a bit boring. And because you want to have all those awesome gear mods to do even more insanely creative action and destruction, you have to complete them, a lot of them.The vehicles are improved compared to Just Cause 2, in some ways. The jets and helicopters are better, even though the jet controlls are a bit odd at default, and the ""Increase thrust"" and ""Nitrous""  is set to the same key on jets which can't be changed.The cars however are worse compared to Just Cause 2, they first take quite a time to get used to and secondly don't crash that awesome like they used to in Just Cause 2, and that is what this game is all about, awesome crashes and explosions everywhere! In Just Cause 2 when you shot a tire, the car made a few rolls and/or flips and made that action-movie wooshy sound and then exploded. In Just Cause 3 however, it just rolls on its side and explodes. Also throwing a car of a cliff isn't as cool anymore like it used to be.The weapons are awesome, it's fun to shoot them, or shoot while reeling into an enemy, and are satisfying to use. With quite an arsenal to choose from.Graphics are really good, even on the lowest settings the game looks good with an amazing view distance. The world is beautifully crafted and looks amazing with lots of beautiful places to see and go to.This time the story is a little bigger, the cutscenes look really good and the missions have a lot of freedom to do them your way. However, the missions are somewhat the same after a while.That's all :)"
76561198024846508,Not Recommended,225540,20814460,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Hieroglyphics175,"Garbage and a waste of time, no innovation and a waste of money"
76561198100657084,Not Recommended,225540,20682354,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Sadathon,the game is fun at first but gets boring and missions are similar to each other
76561198124890382,Not Recommended,225540,20572526,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,The Doctor,"This game was fun on the xbox and playstation, but I do not reccomend it on the PC, unless you have a beafy computer"
,Recommended,225540,33228862,Posted: 4 July,all,•.•♫ Plutia ♬•.•,Good game and all but the ending...there was no effort put into the ending at all...
,Recommended,225540,19417325,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Psychoza,"Love the game, fantastic feeling while wingsuiting! Love it, storywise aswell as freeroaming! Thank you for a great game <3"
,Recommended,225540,19633655,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,SMOKE,ITS GOOD
,Recommended,225540,20612760,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Natra,"I've been a longtime fan of the Just Cause series, and really loved Just Cause 2. However Just Cause 3 is interesting as it almost doesn't feel like a sequal to JC2, but instead to the original Just Cause. JC3 has sort of gone back to its roots in a lot of ways. However this presents both good and bad things:Pros:-Explosions are great and bigger than ever-Many new ways to create explosions and kill enemies-New Grapple is amazing, allows you to connect multiple objects at once and use that to your advantage-The Addition of the Wingsuit is new and very fun to fly around with-The Rebel Drop system is fast and effiecient, and if you want more rebel drops or to get certain drops faster you can get gears to achieve this (In comparison to JC2, which required money to get drops, and usually a lot of it)-Lots of new great vehicles and weapons that create even better explosionsCons:-Graphics didn't seem like much of a step up from JC2.-Pretty bad optimization on release (Some of these issues are still present), even on Low I had some FPS problems. Looking at specs my rig shoulda been able to run this at least on Medium at 50-60 FPS.-The map was not any bigger than JC2, this wouldn't have been an issue for me, however inside JC2's map was much more content, with more settlements, towns, and cities it seemed a lot more populated within the 1000 KM. Area. JC3, with the same Area, had a lot less cities and settlements within the open world, however it did have a good amount of military bases in both games.So, Overall I think the game is very fun, but defin. has its issues. I am happy I bought the game, but not sure if everybody would enjoy it. (However you may or may not have the same optimization issues as I did). I'd give the game a 6.5/10."
,Not Recommended,225540,20656402,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Orek,Needs optimised.
,Recommended,225540,19636701,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Cam,BEST GAME EVER
76561197970845001,Not Recommended,225540,20555448,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Chunky Monkey,The game has a memory leak or something. Frame rates drop to where it's barely playable then crashes. Changed drivers several times but same thing. It's a shame because the graphics are beautiful but don't waste your money
76561198048814109,Not Recommended,225540,20658981,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,footynbeers,"Terrible game, sure just cause is known for not having any story, but jc3 is a downgrade from jc2. less missions, less fun, the map is not fun to explore. everything baout it is worse than 2not to mention the crashes"
,Not Recommended,225540,20559665,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,SharkFin,"so, when i open the game it goes to the loading screen that has the little hint in the bottom, then it crashes, i cant get it to open! and this game was just bought for me as a birthday present! fix this now, or right now tell me how to fix it!"
,Not Recommended,225540,23822681,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mew,"If you loved JC2 and were excitably waiting for JC3 for years hoping it would bring you the same amount of joy as its predecessor, don't purchase this game. There is NO city, no good airport, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ driving mechanics, bad destruction, the physics engine is also garbage. Nothing like JC2. I have never been so disappointed in a game in my life. This tops R6S, Watch_Dogs, and any other Ubisoft game in failure. Wish I refunded my money. My 26 hours is from downloading the game, setting it to auto launch, and then leaving my PC on while I went on vacation."
,Not Recommended,225540,27916822,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Yodzilla,"Just Cause 3 is a hard game to recommend. Yes there's lots of good action and the world is huge and the explosions plentiful. Yes there is some fun gameplay to be found here. However all of this comes with some giant caveats that I might as well just list out:game is kinda crashy with lots of weird scripting bugscampaign missions are poorly scripted and some just plain awful. The last boss is maybe one of the worst I've ever seenside content is required to advance main story and is repetetive as all hellminigames are required to upgrade your equipment not that you'll ever really need the upgradesthere's zero penalty for ever dying which makes everything feel easy as helldifficulty curve is nonexistent. The first town or base you take over is the same as the last 20 hours latermotorcycle handling is so bad it feels brokenthere's a strange lack of weapon unlocks or customization of any sortthe game just feels kinda low budget and lifeless compared to Just Cause 2 and Mad MaxAlso by far the BIGGEST sin of Just Cause 3 is that Avalance removed the WHOMP WHOMP WHOMP sound of your vehicle tumbling end over end! What the heck guys.This isn't the worst game in the world and I hate to say ""get it on sale"" but this is a perfect sale game if you want some mindless violence. Just don't go in expecting anything new or super good. It just feels...old."
,Recommended,225540,19547853,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Suicid@l_Clown,"Great game, been enjoying it a lot so far.Only downfall is controling vehicles, it's worse then JC2!"
,Recommended,225540,19982726,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Basement,"The game itself is good the only problem is if your system isn't powerful enough it won't work. I refunded the game because my PC wasn't powerful enough but I did play it and it was enjoyable. I would rate it a 7/10, it would be higher if it was better optimized for PC."
,Recommended,225540,20021732,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ProgramRAM,In short its great
,Not Recommended,225540,34282179,Posted: 16 August,all,"gui fiery, mayor of flavortown","To Avalanche's credit, they have a very tough act to follow. Just Cause 2 was an incredibly complete game, and the well-established modding + multiplayer communities gave it extra longevity.Avalanche have added a lot of content to this game, which lead me to think this would be ""Just Cause 2 Enhanced"". For starters, there's a new, bigger map to play around on, of course. The fantastic grappling hook mechanic is given even more of a spotlight. You can now tether two things at once, and constrict the tethers to pull things together. And the new wingsuit adds even more ways for you to maneuver and travel.Unfortunately, it seems that adding these features has given the actual gameplay more of a backseat. Combat is clunky and feels slow. Trying to chain moves together becomes mashing the button for the action you want to happen now, then waiting and watching while it happens, then mashing the button for the next action. In particular, climbing into and under helicopters feels incredibly slow. Combine this with an enemy AI that can just keep throwing soldiers and bullets at you, and trying to be a badass quickly becomes very frustrating. You'll find that most of the cool moves you try to pull off will be ruined midway through by the enemy soldiers spamming bullets at you and turning you into a ragdoll for a good fifteen seconds while you mash helplessly to regain control. Furthermore, aircraft and vehicles somehow handle even worse than they did in the previous game, making them next to useless when attacking or in combat. Hijacking a helicopter and using it to strafe an enemy base while dodging SAMs - an activity that was both challenging and fun in JC2 - is both miserable and futile.It is almost more insulting to be given all of these brilliant new mechanics, and then utterly neutered when you try to use them, than it would be to not have them in a game at all. If you liked JC2, stick with that and flesh it out with mods. Skip this one."
,Not Recommended,225540,34213726,Posted: 13 August,all,I love DEM H03s,"poor service, game not even launching and no support"
76561198113810410,Not Recommended,225540,33801549,Posted: 25 July,all,Daddy_Meme_Master,Runs about as good as an elderly woman in a wheelchair.
,Not Recommended,225540,34405540,Posted: 21 August,all,morgafin,Game was fun when I could play it between crashes. Completely unacceptable. Have 2 hours on record only about 45 min of actual play time.
76561198066083308,Not Recommended,225540,23679802,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,tdpeisker,"The dev team accomplished exactly what they were after, if they were trying to make a slideshow. I put 72 hours into it when it came out initially and enjoyed it greatly. I could run it at 720p at medium at a consistent 45 FPS, but after recent patches it's become entirely unplayable. I put it at 480p lowest settings and get frame skips and FPS in the teens. Garbage port."
,Recommended,225540,31266414,Posted: 20 April,all,TwaddleTwot,fungraphics are not plasticreplicate the 9/11 with two huts and a cowgood stuff
,Not Recommended,225540,27254496,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kursed Mc.,"recommends 8gb of ram, and then says low memory when ur using 8 gb. den/den"
76561198123240657,Not Recommended,225540,23944930,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,xmay,"poorly optimized piece of rubbish , dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,225540,24050400,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,《CheezeIsGouda》,"Broken game. From what I've played/seen, the game seems fun. However, the problems I and many others are having are rendering the game unplayable. There are already plenty of reviews that explain the problems, but some of the most common problems (At least for me) are:Noticable FPS drops and stuttering.Audio cutting out.Alt+tab breaking the game and slowing down the computer.If you want my specs they're on my profile description."
,Not Recommended,225540,24053552,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,KUPOOOO / S> 2 UNUSUALS,"need minium 16GB of RAM and sometimes not even wit that, stupid final fight wit no ♥♥♥♥ing sense, but this is nothing compared with the BUGS!!!!ITS FULL OF BUGS, EVEN MORE THAN ASSASSINS CREED UNITY (that is a lot if someone dot know)"
,Not Recommended,225540,34282386,Posted: 16 August,all,mKay,Has had a bug that deletes all saved progress for 2 years and it still has not been fixed. After 8 hours of gameplay everything is gone.
,Not Recommended,225540,23959585,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[RP1000] adjfkas,"At the current state, I can't recommend it. The game itself is fun, but each update causes more problems than it fixed. First the mods stopped working, all my save files are gone, and the performance is getting worse and worse, to the point it's literally unplayable."
,Not Recommended,225540,31274244,Posted: 21 April,all,NaU.Uberjannie,"This game turns into a grind real fast.And the PC has an annoying homing missiles bug, which means the missiles won't lock on anything making for some furious moments, including a mission that is impossible without homing missiles.If you like liberating outposts and cities.. over and over.. and then over and over again. This is a game for you. If not, I'd stay far away from this game."
,Recommended,225540,20599589,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Coil_Whine,"Sprawling open world, dazzling graphics and explosions, 124 challenges and about 115 hours of pure awesomeness awaits. Absolutely love love love it."
,Not Recommended,225540,30023299,Posted: 18 February,all,LoopyResurrected,"GTX 1080 SC / I7-6700K / 16GB RamJust bought the XL edition of the game in the sale for $25.  It ran better on my PS4, and thats saying something.  When it runs, its fun, but the optimization is soooo bad. There's constant frame drops / freezing and my PC is more than capable of handling heavy loads.  I'm running it in 1080p and the frame rate must be dropping below 20fps at random intervals.In this current state, I cannot reccomend this game.  Wait for a patch guys, if one ever comes."
76561198154465914,Not Recommended,225540,23995592,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Trolling_ #Rolling_,"50 Euros were wasted during my purchase. TO THIS DEAD GAME.Last update created a destructive crash and freeze for users,making them unable to play the game.And what the devs has come up with: Upgrade your ram to 16 GB.Like are you serious? what about the others? we bought your game and we though we could enjoy it!now with your update and your advice, you made alot of Just Cause fans to get disappointed.I Own all Just Cause games and i never had a problem with them. Until this one showed up.Gta 5 runs pretty much good on my laptop. this one? it freezes and crashes.Super Negative to this one. Unlease some mercy comes and optimzethis game. for now0/10 im sorry."
,Recommended,225540,19923171,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,NobbyPrime,"Just Cause 3 is an extremely buggy game. It's known to even bring the Titan X to it's knees. At the same time, it's the most fun game I've ever played.For those who just want a review:JC3 is for the type of gamer who wants to screw around in basically overly destructive and impulsive ways. You want to jump from heli to heli mid air while getting shot at? JC3 is made for it. Your gf broke up with you and the only way to release your rage is by blowing up a bridge? Though that may be a bit disturbing, do it Just Cause. This game is a work of art. This game is a substitute for a physics class. Buy it if you have patience.For those who have graphical issuses:If you have a Nvidia card:1. Update your driver2. Use Geforce's recomended settings3. Turn off V-sync.4. Turn off screen space reflections. This renders the visible game world multiple time on reflective surfaces.5. Enjoy!"
76561198262725827,Not Recommended,225540,20004085,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,gcaloyloy,I would really love to play this game but it will not run on my rig.  I stand with the other AMD graphics card users.I've purchased JC3 and have been refunded - twice.  I was really hoping on the second try (patched) that I would at least be able to get past the intro screen where the guy is sitting on the beach.I have never been disappointed about a game release before - ever.
,Recommended,225540,21063185,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,will181,"It has FPS drops and stuttering but if you can get past all that, it is a truly great game!The grapple hook is always great fun to use and the ability to tether multiple things together is great fun. Infinite C4 makes life easier and the wingsuit is simply a joy to use.To summarise this game I will now tell you a true story. I was weaving through the tight gaps in a military base when I smashed in to a satellite dish. All the enemies came and attacked me so what did I do? I jumped off the rooftop, shooting the enemies with my dual smgs on the way down, grappled on to an enemy and fired an RPG at him while still hurtling towards him. Landed fine and proceeded to grapple every thing in the base together and then yanked it down to the ground. There were only a few things left to go now so I ran round the base and planted C4 on everything else. From there I catapulted myself in to the air off of a nearby enemy helecopter, opened my wingsuit and set off the C4 just as I was coming back down from my loop-the-loop. I then grabbed on to the helecopter and flew away over the mountains...Tell me that doesn't sound f***ing awesome!"
76561198278879819,Not Recommended,225540,25929053,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,vtsp99,this game doesnt work
,Not Recommended,225540,25995490,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Bizarre,"After playing 17 hours, Lost all my ♥♥♥♥ing progression. Congrats Square Enix...."
76561198096113553,Not Recommended,225540,25234136,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,76561198096113553,"This game has constant frame rate drop even after you turn down settings i would have gotten a much better experience from this game if it ran smoothly. Even though it didnt run all that smooth i still had some fun with it but i would reccomend everyone buy this on sale like i did so you dont have your money go down the drain.Specs: 8gb ram, AMD FX-6300, and an R9 380 4gb"
,Recommended,225540,19457715,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Nightbladez,"its a really awesome game with alot of explosions and you only need to blow up one bridge where trains drive and its just like that skyrim mod where trains come falling out of the sky 10/10 rated best flying train and explosions simulator, no but its a really awasome game :)"
,Not Recommended,225540,24965278,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Fouway,I was pretty excited to play the game. The FPS turned out to be bad and it was choppy. Wish I had a refund.
,Not Recommended,225540,19423696,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Lunacy,"Even after the update, the memory leak is still here. Unplayable."
,Recommended,225540,32090124,Posted: 31 May,all,Firedpotato,"This game is just amazing! An enormous territory, with an arzenal of weapons, vehicles and more. I loved it, moreover my girlfriend loves it too :)"
,Not Recommended,225540,25248356,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DeadnCryin,"great game, too much fun, beautiful scenery, beautiful graphics, not bad story and voice acting bla bla bla...now this bs is out of the way lets talk tegatives:1- every time i want to play, i have to wait for this stupid game to connect online. even after blocking its♥♥♥♥♥via windows firewall. i still have to wait for it to recognise that it cant connect online and choose ( play offline ). is it a multiplayer game ? no, is that a drm ? no we use steam, so why does this stupid♥♥♥♥♥game want to connect online ? to show me the score of other players. i mean who gives a flying ♥♥♥♥.2- i have a great pc, but i need to play this game at low settings to avoid stuttering and memory leaks.this is what you get from buying a game that was released to console first. an ugly port.3-loading loading loading loading loading , yap the loading screen is stuck at 75%, again!!>> now lets restart this game and wait for it to connect online. again.4-Mario is just annoying.5-getting hit in the face with a rocket wont kill you, but your military grade Mecha will loose health fast when soldiers shoot at it with regular machine guns. wow great logic.6-Auto-Aim bugs all over the game.7-empty world. oh look Ruins here and Ruins there! look an empty volcano island filled with... yap right Ruins.8-Rico Rodriguez apparently is just a code name, this guy have nothing to do with the first 2 games."
,Not Recommended,225540,30013427,Posted: 18 February,all,Joker San,"Game is awesome, but at certain point it runs really bad. (My PC runs Battlefield 1, DOOM, Project cars on ultra 60fps)The game itself is badass - 08/10Performance - 05/10"
,Not Recommended,225540,32841955,Posted: 26 June,all,Zigswag00n,poorly optimised complete waste of time
,Not Recommended,225540,21732329,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,`Liriik_,I'd love to see anything else than an infinite loading screen and a crash report afterwards.
,Not Recommended,225540,19555337,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,XDSlash,"*lost connection**attempting to regain**lost connection*lol this happened repeatedly for 30+ minutes... Always online games NEVER work with bad servers.Gameplay is decent, though. Really fun. Have to downvote due to drm"
,Recommended,225540,20241701,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Bur//A\\kdlm,It's really addictive game one of the best..
,Recommended,225540,21630301,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Captain Blyat,"(Getting an SSD seems to fix stuttering)  Well I beat the game and still have stuff to do. Weather it be challenges, liberating or finding secrets. The game is pretty fun but does tend to get old (For some reason it hasn't quite yet for me)   Story wise its not terrible but not great and isn't too long IF you rush through it. They have added a new system called ""rebal drop"" and you can drop in supplies  just like in JC2 but without the annoying cutscenes and you don't need money. The graphics are pretty good but nothing super next-gen. Now the bad things are, its quite buggy for some people (mainly AMD users) and has optimisation issues such as stuttering, memory leak and low FPS. The DLC ""Sky Fortress"" adds a really nice boosting wingsuit and adds weapons onto it so you're pretty much a fighter jet. The story on that is only 1.5 - 2 hours long and you can't re-opress the airship like you can other settlements after beating the game. The combat really makes you feel like an action movie hero. Mowing down attackers one by one with bullets (or using an RPG like a true action hero) and other things like helis and tanks. The A.I is dumb sometimes but they did that so you can feel like a badass. Don't get too ahead of yourself though because they can overwhelm you . My score? 7.5/10  May seem a little high for lots of people but honestly I love this game."
,Recommended,225540,23024943,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Professeur Hubert J. Farnsworth,Wingsuit + Kaboom :-Don't try to use any vehicule unless it's absolutely necessary -> always use Wingsuit-Destroy the entire mapThat's all you'll be doing in this gameOverall a lot of fun
,Not Recommended,225540,22277002,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,CAPTAIN JAPAN,"Keyboard bindings reset whenever I start up the game, and the sheer number of bindings means that I spend most of the time rebinding everything than actually playing the game. And this happens EVERY TIME.Very little help or answers anywhere, like I'm 1 of 5 people who have this problem. Only fix is to open a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥in notepad and tediously edit everything by hand, which is just the worse.Review will be negative until this is fixed."
,Not Recommended,225540,34383108,Posted: 20 August,all,MEME HELL,"Instead of making a game that's fun, Square Enix decided to make a game that's as frusttrating as humanly ♥♥♥♥ing possible."
76561198073945981,Not Recommended,225540,20534015,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,DarkOdysseus,"Having played just over 30 hours of this game, I just cant recomend it in its current state.Running a R9 270x with everything on low and all graphic enhancers turned off and it comes to a point where I just have to shut the game off because of EXTREME stuttering and FPS drops.  When ever I start the game it runs flawlessly, then after about 1 hour it all goes to crap.... I have truly never experienced a game stutter like this to the point of unplayability. When you are trying to destory a base it can seem impossible and extremely frusterating because of the performance issues. I can play all other sandbox games with no issues. GTA5, Witcher 3, Fallout 4, ect....Repetitive. Repetitive, Repetitive.The story missions offer some diversity, but plan on taking over a base over, and over, and over. They are all the same just with suttle differences. You need to try hard and make your own fun in this game but it only goes so far. Tethers are cool, booster explosives are cool. We get it. But thats just about all this game stands on. It becomes so repetative that you end up just picking up a helicopter and going base by base by base by base in order to progress a story mission. All aspects of this game will seem stale quickly.I NEVER want to write a negative review and hardly do but I have to say it like it is. Save your money, or buy this game on a killer deal. I cant honestly tell you that you will be having fun 30 hours in. This truly hurts to write this review when I couldnt wait for this game to come out...."
76561198127239664,Not Recommended,225540,24036599,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Java,DOES NOT WORK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,225540,24071915,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Feelin Fine,Good gameplay but I dont like how they are trying to add a story to this game. The voice acting is terrible and the game doesnt run like a AAA title should run. Just felt shoddy and I have a monster of a pc
,Not Recommended,225540,23801996,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jacques Webster,"played 30 mins, reach the higher requirements - low fps and horrible graphics do not buy!i already asked for refund!"
76561198297049851,Not Recommended,225540,23090759,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,raylanroberts352,i cant play it because it lags bad
76561198095071235,Not Recommended,225540,28361129,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MrEpicwynn,"I have an i7 6700k and a gtx 1070, game is still unplayable, game wont let me go full screen and still tears and lags like crazy"
,Not Recommended,225540,20303734,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Confused African,Fun game with good ideas and concepts but the thing that irritates me the most is the driving physics in the game. You hit anything as small as a curb or pebble in the road it sends you into a complete end over end flip or complete 360 out of control spin.  when alot of the game is spent driving in vehicles this is becomes a big problem. Lots of vehile race challanges end up me driving slow just so i can avoid small bumps and curbs and simply make it to the end without barrel rolling off a cliff because of a small snail in the road.
76561197992083855,Recommended,225540,19439161,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Matyvalien,"I don't know what people talking about,i have a medicore system with r9 280 , and game runs fine with everything set to high, its just cause 2 plus improves tether mechanics lots of new mods and  f*ck tons of stuff to explode, so i recommend it yea. (running on latest amd beta drivers)"
,Recommended,225540,19429242,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,XxShadowAssassinxX,"Here is the breakdown:Pros:Amazing DestructionWingsuit is freaking amazingMap feels incredibly hugeCons:Cars were ruined because of the cam viewGets huge lag spikesThe rebel drop system now has wait times and limited beaconsOverall:It is a great game, but these are some things that I would love to be changed.8/10 IGN"
,Recommended,225540,20318878,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ehcsro,"Being a huge fan of JC2 I was eagerly awaiting the release of JC3. Hoping it would improve on its predecessor I bought it with no questions asked.One of the main issues I had with JC2 was that the story was linear and lacked depth, I really hoped this game would do better, but unfortunetly it didn't. I was extremely dissapointed on completion of this game. The combination of a weak plot and forgettable characters struggled to reel me in. The missions were boring and were just the same thing recylced a few times. This game was over before I knew it.But on another note, this game is beautiful. The explosions are mesmarizingly good and the graphics are too. The overall design of this game is an art form in its self. The physics of buildings and destructable objects are fantastic. I feel as if the only premise of this game is explosions, which is fine because they are bloody brilliant.For me personally I love story driven games and JC3 clearly isnt one of those. If you just want to explode a lot of stuff then this is the game for you. With that in mind I still love this game and intend to pour many more hours into it."
76561198047562007,Recommended,225540,19439869,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,™Natural Greenman™,"Well..... I don't think i need to say much, i am going to however recommend it... WHEN IT GETS A PATCH THAT WOULD STOP MAKING IT CRASH AND SOME OTHER B.......never mind, some of you get the point so, not recommended right now but maybe later, hopefully"
,Recommended,225540,19440307,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Cokly,runs fine idk whats all the fuzz about
,Not Recommended,225540,24321793,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,AntiVVeaboo,PIECE OF A DOGGY-DOG♥♥♥♥♥♥NOT RECC FOR PC !
,Recommended,225540,19924807,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Shark2000,"My entire computer crashed immediately after Sheldon ""woke up"" Rico.10/10 Best intro to a game i've ever seen."
76561198027485709,Not Recommended,225540,20122866,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,quiksilversgc,No SLI support and horribly optimized. Refunded in 16 mins
76561198196285835,Recommended,225540,19999878,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Vodka Frog,i'll give a 10 out of 10 on this gameGraphicsGameplayExplosionsHoping for a Multiplayer or somethin it will be coolUnlimited Funs
,Recommended,225540,19435143,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Tim Tams Original,I dont know what people are on about i run it at 1080p locked 60fps gtx 970
,Not Recommended,225540,26425293,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Incredy,"System requirements is a lie.Optimized like♥♥♥♥♥♥ My previous system suffered alot from stuttering (R9 270, FX-8500, 8GB DDR3). My current system (GTX 1070, I5-6600K, 16GB DDR4) still suffers from random stutters, much less though. Game itself is okay but the technical issues takes the fun away."
,Recommended,225540,19644412,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,CommanderBlake,Love it no issues at all!
76561198271174448,Not Recommended,225540,29080665,Posted: 6 January,all,swwwm_css,"""online login"" really ruined this game.Physical engine is not the reason to neglect detail design."
,Recommended,225540,33043668,Posted: 30 June,all,kapuuuche,"It works perfectly,silky smooth with my specs.. max settings 1080p vsync ongtx 980 ti,i7-4790,16gb ram..dont mind the negative reviews it is a fun game"
,Recommended,225540,19434632,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Local Pigeon,"Feels like im playing Tropico, but as a rebel destroying the work that Generalisimo has done. And it feels good."
76561198176564162,Not Recommended,225540,24985223,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Bloodiator,"Oh, Just Cause is on sale?I'll have to get it!Paid the bill,wait till the game finish download.Start the game for the 1st time,looking at a men sitting in a sponsored chair enjoying booz while I am looking on a computer screen wait to login to the server,1min later there pops a window want me to register my email to SQUARE ENIX,No thank you I'll just skip.Go to Option menu, set this funny default resolution to 1080p.Click start new game(finally), there plays a in game render short film,and the screen freezed.Crl+alt+del  nothing happenedAlt F4       nothing happenedhave to push the restart button on my pc.1\10At least the song in the short film wasn't bad at all.I am wondering if it actually runs, will it be a good game?"
,Not Recommended,225540,23992474,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Metro Boomin,"Dont purchase this game, It's now unplayable and doesnt work whatsoever. Dont waste your money."
,Recommended,225540,30046536,Posted: 19 February,all,Gevaudan,"I have no idea what all these reviews are talking about. I bought this game fully expecting to refund it because of all these reviews about it being a bad port, terribly, optimized, buggy, and constant crashes. I experienced NONE of this.My best guess is these people are trying to play the game on a toaster oven, or they have other pirated games on their system (which is known to cause Denuvo, the DRM for this game, to pull a♥♥♥♥♥♥fit). If you purchase your games legally and don't try to play it on a computer from 2005 you shouldn't have any issues.As for the game itself, it's Just Cause 2 with better graphics, more destructive environments, and a wing suit for gliding. Oh and the driving controls are not♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore. What more do you want to know? If you liked Just Cause 2 you'll love this.Don't be scared off by all these bad reviews ... these people are causing the problems for themselves with outdated hardware or piracy related content on their PC."
,Recommended,225540,19518625,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,darthvader2512,Explosion Pornby Micheal bay
,Not Recommended,225540,28365688,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Piatro,"I really really want to love this game, but just as I'm really starting to enjoy myself, I see another frame rate dip, or it freezes for a couple seconds, or it crashes completely. I can run every other game I have on full 1080 but I have to turn the resolution down to 720 just to get it to run at reasonable framerate for a reasonable amount of time. If you have infinite patience or time then go for it, roll the dice and see if you get these issues, otherwise I can't recommend it. Really unfortunate."
,Recommended,225540,19428466,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Warrior,"This game is pretty damn solid as it stands. It for sure needs some patch's there are bugs. The story seems pretty promising so far the graphics are pretty nice I was expecting a little more to be honest but the graphics still are pretty damn nice. The overall game play is very similar to Just Cause 2 so really damn fun. EXPLOSIONS!!! The one thing that is really annoying is the connecting message. But over all it is a great game. 8/10P.S. For people who are complaining about the AMD problem deal with it, buy NVIDIA​ but no seriously they will fix it just be patient."
76561198009388478,Recommended,225540,19430274,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,AntlerWeasel,"THIS IS A DAY ONE REVIEW.I will make an edit when there is a bit more done to it, and more is maybe patched.I really love it!!! It runs pretty well, except for a few things which I will get to later. For starters, the island is already freaking HUGE. I shouldnt say island, but I am literally only on the first island [spoilers, theres other areas]. Already just exploring this first area, it takes me quite a bit but I LOVE it!The good old insanity of Just Cause 2 comes back, with more added! Firstly, the grappling hooks are enhanced with more than one tether being added, and now you can pull things together. So you can indeed, make the statue face palm. It's gorgeous. Next, the wingsuit. Boy do I looooooove wingsuits. The only time I got to use one was in Far Cry 3, but in that one if you messed up landing you'd die. This one? Boy you can mess up a lot with it.. and good thing too! You get both of these upgrades VERY EARLY on in the game, so you can play the first 2 or 3 missions and get them, maybe without some of the upgrades, or other things.Graphically, right now the game is day one but it does stutter/slow down for me on big areas with a lot of guards or enemies. Which is a bit. I had to put the graphics to medium for it to work, but the game still looks pretty damn good on it. But I am still a bit miffed when in cutscenes, the sound doesn't link up... despite it being extremely hilarious to watch.I only had one major glitch involving me accidentally pushing myself through the floor, the rest were maybe an npc not spawning until I ran them over or a bunch of boats thinking a small island isn't there.. all of which were hilarious and didn't break the game too badly.I KNOW that a lot of people are having trouble with it, but its obvious that it isn't a COMPLETELY HORRID port of the game. It may just be person to person, especially on the graphics. If you have AMD, from what I heard you might wanna stick back for now. But really, this is actually a good port! I do eagerly await the patches, so I can hopefully play without minor stutter but I am enjoying it quite a bit! I mean, I skipped eating for it...I should eat. Anyone got any recommendations??Joking aside, right now if you are worried it wont run on your computer, I'd say wait. If it doesn't work immediately for you if you bought it, please don't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ize the devs just yet. If anything, they're working as I type to fix your glitches!Either way, from first impressions I love it!! I do wait eagerly for the patches but I Am quite satisifed~Maybe as they patch and I play, I'll edi this on a later date."
,Not Recommended,225540,20175448,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Adam,"Cannot be played on an AMD graphics card. My graphics card is really good and can run the game with over 60 FPS, but an error appears saying that Direct 3D has come to a fatal error. I don't recommend this game to AMD users, it seems to only be run with Nvidia."
76561198134894005,Recommended,225540,19415884,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Erik,Having no problems but having a lot of fun!
,Not Recommended,225540,28356585,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cpt. Facetime,"game won't save, start fresh everytime. can't seem to get any support for the issue."
76561198201974662,Not Recommended,225540,34751270,Posted: 5 September,all,Hey Mr.,"The game was fun, when I wasn't pulling my hair out with the poor game play core functions (lack of keyboard sensitivity adjustments was the biggest).  You cannot use the mouse for anything but looking around; flying, driving, etc. there was not an option to use the mouse instead of the keyboard (especially for flying).  Using the keyboard during flying was just absolutely horrible.  You would have to machine gun the keys for fine adjustments, especially in the jet (up/down motion).  Driving cars in this came using the keyboard is horribly rough, the keyboard response in the GTA series was a lot better than this game by far.Then there's the tank cannon/heli gun movement with the mouse, the movement is so ridiculously slow.  When you’re in a fire fight and it takes you literally 3 second (+/-1) to move the tank cannon or the helicopters guns into place, you’re either already dead or about to be.The graphics were really good, the story line and plot was great (at least up to were I stopped playing) – but without smooth (or smoother) keyboard sensitivity the game is just terrible.  If certain hitboxes were bigger, or certain missions were skippable (penalty of some sort given to compensate), I would be ok with it.  But as it sits right now, to me the game play is terrible.I’ve never played with such terrible keyboard response as I have played with this game.  I will not promote this game until something has been fixed/changed.  I tried to get my refund for this game but unfortunately Steam’s 2-hour game play rule is keeping me from getting it, so I will not purchase anything Square Enix develops until they fix the core keyboard game play issues."
,Recommended,225540,19426217,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,vantom,"Ride anything, destroys everything, fly everywhere.It's like riding on a donkey, but without a donkey."
,Not Recommended,225540,29717645,Posted: 5 February,all,Recu,"The game has a lot of potential, is really beautiful, addictive gameplay, and the destruction of the environment and ingenuity of developers are satisfied.Unfortunately, the game on the new PC for $ 3000 lagging, crashing, have problems with resolution and fullscreen.Also from time to time gameplay is hold because you lose connection with game servers.The other really annoying problem is one of the worst models of driving and bugs wich effectively impede acquire 100% achievements."
76561198072887399,Recommended,225540,19838325,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Morty,XD funny game theres little to no physics!!!!! i would just buy for the freerome and the explosions!
76561198059438839,Not Recommended,225540,19483970,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Almu,"I thought that this game would run at a decent framerate (30-60fps) instead i get a game that runs the lowest graphics possible at 10fps. I know that AMD has problems with this game, but even at the lowest graphics I get a whopping 10fps!I would recommend this game for Nvidia users, but not for people with AMD since it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,225540,19409622,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Vermilion Wlad,"Improves on everything that was Just Cause 2. JC3 is not only beautiful, but fun and explosive!"
,Recommended,225540,21175077,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,AanSpoter,"Just Cause 3 is by far the best game in the Just Cause series, and an absolute must-have for open world fans and sandbox fans.pros: CHAOS , Car , Guns , Planes , and every single thing that can cause chaoscons: Square Enix login♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,225540,19433218,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ZA1963001,Great game really fun
76561198075207066,Not Recommended,225540,35161719,Posted: 23 September,all,Raccoonzel,"Is this game beautiful? Yes.Is this game fun? YesAre controls good? God fuc*ing damit, die you fat, lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I hate you, I will kill all your family, is it so hard to make a normal control? It's the first time when control are so bad that I can't finish the game. You may say that I should buy a controller then... Oh really?  I thought I payed for a PC version of a game and it means that game will be controlled with keyboard and mouse.If you don't have controller then don't even try to buy a pc version."
76561198056186683,Not Recommended,225540,19428680,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,GuyOnAChair,Doesn't work... Why? Just Cause...
76561198029239720,Not Recommended,225540,19558526,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Thomas Shelby,"When they patch it maybe...Until then NO!Ran it onI75930K64GB RAMTwo Nvidia Titan X's (Latest drivers)Game loaded to a Samsung SSDCrashes, FPS drops, poorly optimized, Mad Max's gameplay/graphics MUCH better."
76561198061200175,Not Recommended,225540,19592933,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Alex,You just beat your record with a 12 min wingsuit flight? well too bad your game is going to crash and your record will not be saved
76561198112956640,Not Recommended,225540,19468858,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Maxthe3,"*psst, this review is like all the other ones*This game could have been amazing, but it is definitely not optimzed for PC. Even PS4 and Xbox One are having issues with it. The pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥that is currently JC3 could be molded into tasteful sculpture of explosions and open world fun with an update.The game looks beautiful... In the cut seens; Default settings: but as soon as I got to playing:♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ultimate♥♥♥♥♥♥I tried to play. I adjusted the settings a plethora of times and restarting and looking online for helpandtried for new drivers. Still, max frames 10~40. Each time I restarted the load screen of Rico drinking liquor on the beach watching a distant explosion took 20 seconds (unskipable)ANDI had to sign in to new Square Enix everytime. I understand the online♥♥♥♥♥♥and achivements but all that can just be done through steam, right? I've been hearing that with nvidia hardware have been having less trouble?I must tell you that I refunded this game but I might buy it again when the ""amazing"" update that fixes all of my problems comes out (and maybe an apology sale, something like 20%) Avalanche Studios and Square Enix released an unfinished product; to me, a fan, that is not okay.I hate to give this game a down vote but...My comp (not poo, but definitely not the best...)Windows 10 (newest build as of post)AMD 4.20GHz FX-4350HIS 7750 1gb Graphics (AMD)8gbs G Skill Ripjaws"
,Recommended,225540,20843282,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Stephen,"Just Cause 2 is probably my favorite game ever.Just Cause 3 is a worthy follow-up.The story isn't terribly long, but it's still fun.The world is huge, and is where the real meat of the game is. You can go anywhere, and basically just liberate all the settlements.Much of what I said about Just Cause 2 applies here. There's not much extra I can say that other people haven't already said as well.There's significantly less ""pointless"" collectibles to gather, (even though that was something I did end up enjoying in JC2), but there's still a very satisfying heft to the world.I'm looking forward to the more hours I will be spending here."
76561198049183507,Not Recommended,225540,30178770,Posted: 25 February,all,Tensaret,"This game is great! Giant explosions. Wingsuit is amazingly fun. I've spent HOURS just flying around the islands.HOWEVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR ANY PRICE!!!I've played this game for a good amount of time, but now it is unplayable. My computer is less than 5 months old and was built with near top of the line specs. No amount of changeing options or restarting is fixing it. There may be a fix that I haven't found yet, but that doesn't matter.SquareEnix. The amount of problems people have been having with this game with no support from you is ♥♥♥♥ING INSULTING!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19606509,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Evil,"Read all of this post befor you judge.I will be streaming with game on max settings and stream on max settings, so you can watch on steam to see real un-alted gameplayFirst off, my systemspec basicly is 16 gb of ram, 9590 cpu, 2 asus strix 970's yes 2, with other top of line pc parts from last year, so i am able to run.Big JC fan since firstFirst off, id recomend not to buy yet, why, becasue it feels like its half a gamethe game has optimizeashion issues, even on a highend PC takes ages for loading, AI enermys are blind & your friend even if you just kill'ed their best m8, controller controlls are bound strangly, and can not be changed (example X/B on 360 pad is rudder on planes .. ?) lacking texures on roads, they all seem super flat/smooth, graphics allround are bad really even with all on very high graphics, just some pointsiv only played under 10 hours so dont just belive me, but the bad AI and not so good very heigh grapics has already made the game boring for me, but i must play as it was £60Lets just hope it will get better in coming months, again i am streaming on steam so u can get a real look of the game"
,Not Recommended,225540,19685316,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Lord,"Frame Rate Drop , Unable to play"
,Recommended,225540,26474023,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,♦ Clown ♣,"WARNING BEFORE YOU READ THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS, THEIR MAINLY ABOUT CRASHING, FPS ISSUES, AND OTHER THINGS THAT CAN BE BYPASSED BY OTHER MEANS.Alright, I love this game, explosions are amazing, audio is amazing, the story missions are a bit repettetive but its still fun because your still destroying things 24/7. I love the fact of trying to evade the enemys in my car so I drive across this bridge in my tank and the police are hot on my tail, so I shoot the ground of the bridge and the cars fall to their untimley deaths to the pit of the ocean.The driving is a bit wonky but this is Just Cause, the drivings not going to be perfect. The game is much different with a wingsuit, you also still have your parachute by the way... Great game, recomend it to anyone on sale.10/10"
,Not Recommended,225540,19572026,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,BarDocK,"You should just create a powerpoint slideshow and put some JC3 pictures in it since at least it has a stable framerate -_-Honestly....While i liked the game's concept and its gameplay (which i couldnt play at all,my whole time is spent in tweaking which resulted in nothing) but ♥♥♥♥ing hell wtf is wrong with that performance i have tried recommended settings,below recommended settings above recommended settings and no..... simply no (although i would tolerate it for a bit if it worked properly on 720p with medium which my recommended settings are high) it just ♥♥♥♥ing stutters and ♥♥♥♥ING PAUSES, im seriously dissapointed with this situation so a thumbs down -_-Update:Upgraded to a GTX 980 and no more problems on max settings with 60fps :DBut still im giving it a thumbs down because it should have ran fairly good on my old gpu :/(It was 7870 XT btw)"
,Not Recommended,225540,20041918,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,LilGuyG,Very dissapointed how badly optimized this game is. Just recently upgraded to a GTX 970 and the game can't even go above 60fps on LOW settings.Don't buy this until this is fixed (if it does get fixed)
76561197970855343,Not Recommended,225540,20225269,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,nawrot,"Wait for fat discount on this. Compared to just Cause 2, graphics engine is better (when you can run it), everything else is same or worse.  Playing area looks smaller (about 60% of what it was in jc2), do not get fooled by marketing lies, they can calculate distances to whatever they like. On top of smaller map only abouyt 25% is filled up like jc2 was. Rest is ghost town with occasional base. So real content is down to 10-15% of what jc2 has. Story is as  silly as it was in jc2, but i am not for story here, physics is about same, gunplay just like just cause 2. Driving is worse, but this may be matter of taste. Everything is locked behind achivements, that are boring, so i do not care. If not new engine i would say this is cashgrab DLC that is worth max 15$. Do not let them rob you of $$$, too many recent games that are just crap."
76561198137834478,Recommended,225540,23768820,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,tandhaas,Just cause us a great game I finished the  game twice   . I run intel i5 4th gen and 8 gb ram with nvidia gtx 760  i had no lagg.
,Not Recommended,225540,30450117,Posted: 11 March,all,HappyWillyMonkey,"The game tediously spawn baddies in front of your eyes non stop and keep chasing you until you are dead. The open world is nice and destroying stuff is enjoyable, but only for so long, specially considering the twitchy grappling hook and the inaccurate aim while shooting. The mini games to unlock skills is just one of those game mechanics I would without. The only redeeming aspect for a future title in the serie would be to be fully coop."
,Not Recommended,225540,20442932,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dan da Destroyr,"6/10; Great chaos and explosion game, but not much else...Pros:Lots of splody bits and destructables. The physics for destruction is really satisfying, just wish they had more destructables.Wingsuit/Parachute Maneuvering is fun and quick once mastered.Collectables that unlock neat goodies.Environment looks great with a nice variety of locales.Neutrals:Challenges have a wild range of difficulties; some super easy, others super hard. Should be a smaller range of difficulty so it doesn't feel like I can do some blindfolded while others I have to spend a couple of hours just to master one challenge for one more stupid cog.Death doesn't really matter. You just respawn a little ways away from your death location and with full ammo. Not really good or bad, it just feels meh. They could have just made it so you unlock invincibility and unlimited ammo similar to how a Saints Row games would do it. I've intentionally taken deaths before just so I could get more rockets to easily finish off blowing up bases.Random crashes. Happens very sparly and inconsitently but it does happen.There is no Minimap which makes it very hard to find where enemies are in relation to you. There are a lot of bullets flying around so it becomes hard to tell where they're coming from.Load times are long, especially the intro one. After the initial huge load / online login the loads are much quicker. This one kind of gets a pass since they preload a bunch of assets and the environment so it is understandable.Cons:Certain base mechanics (that I think are necessary) are locked behind challenges. Ex: Precision Aiming & Closing Wingsuit.Driving vehicles is complete garbage. Land vehicles feel spongy and are way too easy to send into a spin/drift. Sea vehicles are worse, when attempting to turn it counteracts your turning as if the water was fighting back against you. Flying vehicles are okay, however it is easy to overcorrect and lose control. Flying vehicles also explode way too easily and without warning; helicopters ususally spin out and give you some time to bail but other times I'll accidentally back into a tree and immediately explode with no warning.Aiming is too greatly affected by direction. What I mean by this is that your reticle will be forcibly moved which screws with your aim. There are only two real cases where this happens: when you're in a helicopter and when you get staggered. When flying your missles will be thrown off wildy if you attempt to shoot while moving or if your helicopter abruptly jerks which makes it unnecessarily hard. When you get staggered you also end up most of the time shooting the ground, which may kill you if using explosives...Rico gets staggered way too easily. If you're standing right next to an exploding silo? Sure, knock me over. But if I am a good couple yards away when a barrel explodes don't send me flying. Shotgun enemies are also a nightmare. It doesn't matter how far away they are, if they shoot in your general direction you will get staggered.Enemies become waste of time bullet sponges later into the game. You'll start facing enemies wearing heavier and heavier armor but your weapons don't particularly get more powerful. Short of using explosives, you'll have to shoot an enemy a handful of times with what used to be a great weapon to take them down.Story was practically nonexistent and all of the characters were forgettable and cliche-ish. The only character I kind of liked was the General BBEG and that was only because there were a bunch of collectables where he monologues about his rise to power and gives an insight into his mind.Terrible framerate and stuttering with lower end/older pc's. Works fine on my desktop but my older pc averages 10 fps, if not less, and game stuttering to the point of being unplayable.Final Synopsis / TL;DR:I would recommend this game to someone who doesn't care about story, just about gameplay and/or graphics. It is a fun explosion simulator but it lacks in a lot of other areas. I would highly recommend never using a vehicle unless forced to. If you are a completionist heed my warning with the challenges; they have variety but some are extremely hard."
,Recommended,225540,19466434,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,RetroZ™,"Game 10/10i dont know why people are saying that this game runs bad... it runs perfect for me, maybe cause i have sli 980ti"
76561198041790577,Recommended,225540,19446654,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,S0ldier2,"Just Cause 3 is a really fun game with some disadvantages.The game is like its predecessor Just Cause 2. Not an open world game like GTA 5, but a more unrealistic physic sandbox game. The only problem is, that it doesnt perform great for alot of users ( especially the ones with amd graphics).I had some issues with my amd r9 290, but i found a solution to get higher fps. This is what i did:1. delet your current driver and restart your pc2. get Display Driver Uninstaller and use it in safe-mode ( the program will ask you to it ayway and will start your pc in safe-mode if you want it to)3. get the AMD Beta Driver 15.1.1 from the AMD website4. enjoy your game with higher fps and no graphic bugsI also tried to remove my drivers by just uninstalling them and then i installed the new one. This one did not work for me. I had less then 50 fps in average and under 30 fps with explosions. With the Display Driver Uninstaller + new driver I have over 60 fps in average and about 45 or so with explosions ( feels alot smoother).Enjoy the game and try this tips, if you have an AMD graphiccard"
,Not Recommended,225540,19536647,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,duobix,"TL;DR: What a f*cking mess this game is, I don't even.Long story: I've played both JC1 and JC2, so I knew what to expect: explosions. Expolsions. More expolsions. Crazy hookline jumping. And to that extent, JC3 is all that. *BUT* There is a LOAD of problems in this game. But first thing first. What machine do I have? i7-3610QM, 12GB Ram, SSD, GT650M. I had to update the NVIDIA drivers before playing, that's normal, and I think it's obvious that the game should run at some lower quality settings. Well it does, but sometimes, it STUTTERS so much, that it's making me crossed as HELL.But enough about technical issues, let's talk about the core game itself. I don't know why this game got released, to be honest. It feels like almost nothing changed from JC2 or even JC1 back from 10 years ago. It feels like the same game,but somehow, it managed to feel dumbed-down comparing to JC2. And I don't know exactly why, I think it's a matter of several factors... First- the game world feels empty. There's not really anything to do there besides blowing the crap out of everything. I'm 10 hours in, and that's the only thing I've been doing this whole time. Fly from point to point, blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. It's boring after 5 hours. Where are the fun misions? Where are the fun sidequests? Where is something unleashing my creativity?I'd forgive all of the above, if the price was 20$. But no, this game did cost me THREE TIMES that amount. For that price, I'd like to ask a simple question: where the yello is multiplayer? Where is my money at? JC2 had a mod that was ultra popular with the community. Are the makers of JC blind or what?So, to sum up, this feels like a PS2 game with some quite nice visuals, ruined by monotonous gameplay and constant stuttering."
76561198131460194,Recommended,225540,19683729,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,WalksInTheForest,"""I remember you from Panau, quit ruining my vacation!"" Said the tourist (in game)............... I have min specs and turned graphics to low as well as most other settings. It still looks great and I' m onley haveing minor problems. GTX 760 & AMD 6300, 8G's win 10. After i changed graphics to low (and again it still looks good) I have had no realy big problems. Keep in mind that even if you have a beast of a PC this game AS IS may not preform well on YOUR PC. If you don't want to chance it, than wait for patches. I haven't had this much fun in a game in a long time!!Would ruin a vacation again!!"
,Recommended,225540,19413823,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,griszztly,"Performance issues aside, this game is amazing.This one feels more in-depth, a more mature game. The voice acting is great! Nice cameo by David Tennant as the radio announcer. Everything feels very considered and you can tell that a lot of hard work has gone into it.The environment is beautiful; it feels very real. The music is also stunning, and it throws you right into the Isle of Medici, in spirit.It's not as good as a 'pick up and play' style game, since you need to approach liberating areas a bit differently, but each liberation seems to me to be far more enjoyable.Eagerly awaiting a performance patch, but all in all, it's a fantastic game."
76561198068884303,Recommended,225540,20314974,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,MrAnderson,fun game
,Recommended,225540,20685435,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Randomdeath353,"Hell of a lot of fun, runs well maxed out on my R9 390, only drops in large towns."
,Recommended,225540,20864282,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,TheConorTech,Explosions.Explosions everywhere.Even things that can't explode.Explosions.Soo many explosions...
76561198040001900,Recommended,225540,20871730,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Schten,Walla nice game 10/10
,Recommended,225540,19450694,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Poultry_Fan_42,"~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~[Specs]AMD FX-8350MSI GTX 970 Gaming-4G8GB RAM~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~[Stability]The game runs great 99% of the time, encountering minor frame drops when entering a certain city, (can't remember the name of it, it's located on the starting island) but I'm sure this will be addressed soon enough in a patch although it isn't anywhere near game-breaking. Other than that I'm getting at least 80 FPS most of the time with the best graphics settings. I can't exactly speak for those using AMD cards.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~[Graphics]This game looks absolutely beautiful. The water and the explosions really stand out to me the most; they're just flawless in my opinion. The vibrant colours fit the game well too, being set in a Mediterranean environment, but many people seem to think it's oversaturated.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~[Gameplay]The driving is the only real issue. While there are a few cars that handle just fine, most of the ones I've driven handle awkwardly. The speed of the steering gradually increases the longer you hold the turn left/right key down, which often causes your vehicle to lose control rather quickly. Besides this, I'd say everything else gameplay-related is near perfect. This game features loads of new mechanics and improvements over Just Cause 2, which was one of my favourite games on the Xbox 360, my favourite addition being the wingsuit by far. I don't think I'd be able to go back to Just Cause 2 now that I've been introduced to that thing.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~[Story]I'll update this section later. As of now I have not seen enough of the main missions to determine if I like them or not.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~[Overall]I'm giving this game a **9/10** despite the minor graphical issues I have faced and the pretty terrible driving mechanics. It's easy to look past these issues once you're having so much fun playing, and quite frankly I've been way too busy doing other things in-game to even touch the driving for the most part, although it may annoy me later if I ever end up growing tired of all the other stuff to do."
76561198029458126,Recommended,225540,28939668,Posted: 2 January,all,eddy8700,vast map means outstanding game
,Recommended,225540,22227979,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Puinhoop.,"Dear Bethesda,I had no money DXNah jk i bought it ofcourse.I like the deerhunting in this game. Very innovativeI rate this game 2 out of radiation xdDBest of wishes,Smonkle"
76561198131463280,Recommended,225540,19412820,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,38_Ampersand,"Though I do recomend this game is has a few major issues and some minor ones I'll start with the small problem i have and work my way up.1) While aiming a sniper while raining makes more rain fall in front of you, its even there for 1/2 a second after you leave the sights.2) Sometimes when driving a car it can suddenly take off when hitting a small bump and launch several feet into the ground and spiral out of control, as if the car weighs 1 pound and has cement inside the suspension.3) Sometimes when scalinf a cliff in the wingsuit you can suddenly 180 and face away from the cliff.4)The wingsuit can sometimes not work or respond up to 1 seconds after the key is pressed, once in free fall it took 4 seconds before it responded.5) Sometimes (1/5 times roughly) when calling in supplies only the vehicle will spawn and/or the vehicle spawns in compleetly destroyed.6) Every second time i launch the game there is a cracking sound and no other sounds at all.7) The game crashes allot, most of the time for no aparan reason.(These are buggs that i get in no other games, My specs are 'Intel i7 4790, Nvidia GTX 780 over clocked slightly, 2x 7500 RPM HDD's raid 0, 1080x1920P Res, 12 GB ram')Though this is all negative i personally feel that the game itself makes up for the kinks. As i have had non stop fun and have only flown around in a wingsuit trying to break everyones record, Doing no missions not fighting anyone. If you liked Just cause 2, you'll probably like this as its the same but with bigger bang bangs and a smoother feeling.Overall without ranking the bugs i give it a 10/10, with bugs a 6/10One of my favourite games by far if the crashing and few other things are fixed"
,Recommended,225540,25670219,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,The One True God,"In Just Cause 3, you play the role of series protagonist Rico Rodriguez, trombone player for the ska band ""The Specials"". 9/10"
,Recommended,225540,20166563,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Nun,Best Game EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198087764017,Recommended,225540,19946758,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,The Coolest and best,"I don't understand why people complain about this game. Just Cause 3 is exactly what it advertises; fun in a mindless, pure form.Is the game stupid?I asked myself that question while I was hanging upside down from a helicopter firing rockets at the fighter jets below me, all travelling 200+ kilometers per hour.Is the game amazingly fun?(See Above)This is not the sort of game one should buy if looking for a deep, involved story with memorable characters and a grasping plot. However, if you like tethering enemies to propane tanks and shooting them off into space, you've found your pot of soup.There ARE some performaces issues, frame rate dips and occasional crashes with my Intel quad core 4790k and GTX 960 FTW, I've heard it's particularly awful on AMD-processor using systems. Keep that in mind.In short, if this looks like the sort of game you'd enjoy, then pick it up. If not, then don't."
76561198024852542,Not Recommended,225540,21254388,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,NeonsStyle,"This game promises a lot and a lot of youtubers say it's fantastic, but it's full of problems. It's really badly optimised, I have a really hot system, and can run every game maxed out, but even on low settings on this game it has really bad fps. The physics of vehicles is atrocious. It's like it was made by a bad indie developer. The shooting sux. There's no iron sights (even though controls say there is (it doesn't work)). The motorbikes lean the wrong way LOL.If it wasn't a triple A game it'd be laughable, it's pretty much a joke. Don't believe the hype, this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and needs an awful lot of work.Def do not recommend. Played on PC."
,Recommended,225540,27942264,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,/HarryS\,This game is super good!
,Not Recommended,225540,20414503,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,✪ Tiggi,"THINGS TO CONSIDER BEFORE BUYING!!!!As a huge fan of Just Cause 2, I was very eager to get into JC3 but when I first loaded the game, the hype dropped to the centre of the earth. This game had so much potential and I'm very disappointed at how it turned out.First off, why on earth is the preformance so poor? Any AAA game that can't run 60 FPS on my gaming PC is not fit for release, I barely get 30-35 FPS on this game, I could get a stable 1k to 2k FPS on JC2, why the sudden FPS drop?Second, The map is supposedly so ""Huge"" but only the south side of the map even has content, I was super excited to explore the map after around 3 hours of exploring. I finally headed north where I was stopped dead, the whole north side of the map is practically empty, with hardly ANY citys at all and only a few small army camps... I was quite upset.Thrid, the cities are all the same, take a police station, tear down a statue, break some speakers and take down some signs. ALL CITIES ARE ALMOST THE EXACT SAME IN DESIGN AND LAYOUT!!!!Forth, the map feels very ""copy-pasted"" all the cities and villages look the exact same, even some of the road layouts are the same throughout the map, there is no different types of cities other then ""Bigger"" and ""Smaller"" versions of the same thing. In JC2 I could drive for 10 minutes and find a completely new type of city (The Desert villages and Snow Camps looked completely different from the tropical villages) but in this game everywhere in the map looks and feels the same.Fifth, there are many small but annoying things missing from the game. EXAMPLES (no police sirens or lights, the ocean is very bumpy in all places making it hard to drive properly and many other small things like that)In all, this game has a lot of added features that I really like but they are blocked out by the MASS of errors and issues in the game, all I can say is ""The game is fun to play, but it feels like an early access game that is not finished."" Hopefully these issues will be resloved but I'm not too sure the devs are even working on half of this stuff...."
,Not Recommended,225540,20732159,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,RN_,i wanted a patch for amd users. i get a japanese localisation.11/kawaii IGN
,Recommended,225540,20647759,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Wicked',BEST GAME EVVVVAHHHHHHHHH        BUY IT NOW FOR 10 YEARS OF GOOD LUCK IGNORE FOR 10 YEARS OF TORTURE
76561198048018402,Not Recommended,225540,25262462,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ivanjun,Piece of Sh###. Just Corrupted my save game. Lost all of my 30 hours of gameplay. Bad PC port.
76561198097441267,Not Recommended,225540,25200868,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Bo_RIP_ogs,"JC2 awesome, JC3 dripping with bugs."
76561198006563227,Not Recommended,225540,25213338,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,**Greg  147**,"Don't waste your money. If you own JC2, go back to that. Everything that makes Just Cause good is already in that game, in fact, that game does it better. JC2 is smoother, the environments feel more varied, and the gameplay is better.JC3 is full of flaws that didn't seem to be in its predecessor. Things like grapple points not lining up to where you actually aim, planes being unwieldy and buggy (homing missiles have worked correctly twice since starting the game), and the enemies seem to go from non to thousands in a heartbeat. Oh, and the game is full of instant-kills that make no sense. I've been plucked out of the sky, killed in one hit, whilst flying a chopper countless times. No warning, no visual missle incoming, just 'bang dead'. Thanks. Sorry for trying to have fun and play the game my way.The fact is, if you've played JC/JC2, you've played this game before. This is just a retexture (oh, and I hope you like neon blue, because that's the colour of your clothes, vehicles, allies and weapons). It's boring now. I've done all this before, with a lot less frustration. Do yourself a favour, go back to JC2. It's still really fun, especially compared to this rubbish."
,Recommended,225540,23826064,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,|K!LLeR| Zorpho,"Fun game, would be more fun with multiplayer"
,Not Recommended,225540,25159718,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Max___Amps | 最大アンプ,Just cause 3 i mean its like just cause 1 and 2 (played it on console and i still play just cause with a gamepad) its just like the other just cause games with just a few more FEATURES like more teathers im not saying its bad but its feeling recycled already so sorry just cause isnt gona cut it anymore and i just wish that it would be more that what we got sorry but i have to give it a thumbs down
76561198035438302,Recommended,225540,25318606,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Elias-Cxs,"This is the best game I have played in the last 3 or 4 years so far, and believe me, I have played a lot of them! So much fun, explosions, destructions, races, skill challenges, insane stunts, a big map to explore, good missions, awesome vehicles, decent and simple story, no lags at all and only some small bugs that are hard to find and doesn't prejudice your gameplay. The only thing I disliked a bit was driving some cars and bikes.People giving negative feedback probably have a crappy computer or played the game too early. If you have a decent machine you won't have any problems.The game is a huge improvement compared to the very repetitive and bugged Just Cause 2 (that was also a good game nevertheless).Thank you very much Square Enix and Steam for this amazing game, now I'm gonna try the DLCs.Rating 9.8/10"
,Not Recommended,225540,25336613,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ToxiBoi,"Good game, but shatty save game sysytem. If u die in invasion, you need to play all over again. Plus the loading time is flipping slow. Dont buy this game if it is not on sale"
,Recommended,225540,25396575,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ray,"story doesn't really matter. You just blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up and winglide across the entire mapIf you want a game with a good story, don't get thisIf you just want to mess around, buy this immediately"
,Recommended,225540,23310633,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Stryxus,"Endless fun, works at 60fps on a Intel i3 6300 and an Asus Strix OC GTX 960 2gb :D"
76561197982448052,Recommended,225540,21657720,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,McCracken,Best game for blowing stuff up I have EVER played. Greta story. graphics are outstanding. wow...
,Recommended,225540,21655409,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Deimos,"Graphics 6/10Audio 8/10Voice Acting 7/10Story 4/10Realism 0/10The game is poorly optimised for PC. You can see the dev has taken some drastic measures to get the game running acceptably. For example, distant textures and far off objects are extremely low polygon and textures look like mud. There are also random drops in framerate i.e. drops from 144fps to around 50fps for no apparent reason. This may change with DX12 implementation.There is only one reason I recommend this game:Gameplay 15/10The game is like crack. Once you start blowing things up and getting around the gamewith your wingsuit, prepare for your kids to suffer neglect and your wife to file for divorce."
,Not Recommended,225540,25598684,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Goose,Extremely poor performance. Stutters constantly and suffers low fps constantly due to memory issues even on the lowest settings. The recommended 8gb of RAM shown on the store page is not correct.
,Recommended,225540,20577314,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Magnitude,"I recommend this, with reservations. The core gameplay is great, but the game is pretty repetitive in structure. It's pretty brainless fun. This is not a ""deep"" or emotional experience, just an exhilirating action movie of a game. A great game to play while watching something on Netflix in the background."
,Recommended,225540,20140048,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mox_XI,Honestly if you want a real just cause game then you have found it yes there are bugs (as of 12/31/2015) yes the story is unplayable with the poor charecter voice to mouth actions but if you can push past all of that you have a really fun game that really does the just cause brand justice
,Recommended,225540,20583563,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Agentbunny007,boom
76561198021999741,Recommended,225540,20572487,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Bubbles,I realy wish there were a steam workshop on this game.its a cool game that has alot of explosions
,Recommended,225540,28379552,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Galvinian,"It had a bad launch, its DLC isn't priced well, and the DRM is weird, but Just Cause 3 is a worthy sequel to Just Cause 2 and $14.99 is a ridiculously low price to pay for a Triple-A game this good released so recently."
,Recommended,225540,20874009,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,XyrenoHD,"Good game till the ♥♥♥♥ing end, invincible because I wasn't given ammo..."
,Recommended,225540,21014414,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Chino csgogem.com,THIS IS THE BEST EVER
,Recommended,225540,25802410,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,PA5ca1,I will never play a more ridiculously fun game than this
76561198296103359,Not Recommended,225540,29191520,Posted: 11 January,all,major.timre,I paid for it and useless can play for 2 minutes and it crashes...
76561198073032062,Recommended,225540,20094400,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,shibe_star,great game with great graphics and story.
76561198079248769,Recommended,225540,19482955,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Blohsis,"The game's great at least in my opinion. Yeah the story's bland but then again it's Just Cause, there is no need for an amazing story. The gameplay works, graphics are great, explosions look as good as they can like they should and I myself did NOT experience any of these 1fps fiaskos since I don't run with an AMD card. It's all in all a great sequel to the glorious Just Cause 2 that we all loved so much and I hope that the problems for AMD users get fixed soon so everyone can enjoy this game without it looking like a slideshow. JC3 is good, trust me."
76561197990596215,Recommended,225540,25118962,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,GreNdeL 0501,"With all the bad reviews I waited several months to pick it up.Saw it was on sale for >$35 including all DLC and decided ""what the hell"".I loved Just Cause 2, got alot of playtime out of it. So why not give it a try.Performance: (rig Intel 2500k@4.4ghz, 16g ddr3, GTX 1060)For me this game runs very nicely on my new GTX 1060. FPS avg's around 85-90, with occasional dips down to 75. But since I only have a 60hz monitor I never notice. The game itself looks really good. Explosions are impressively detailed. I read about crashes, I've played quite alot and not seen any crashes. Only two instances where a bug (disappearing parachute and bugged mission turn in) required me to restart the game, but thats it.Gameplay: Most of the mechanics are the same as Just Cause 2, which I like. The new wingsuit is a very nice addition for faster travel, and if you get the DLC you get a improved wingsuit with jet boosters, mounted machine gun and missle launcher. I went ahead and did the first DLC mission at the begininng of the game so I had those extra features from the start. Makes cross map travel alot faster/easier. Like JC2 the vehicle mechanics still feel very stiff, but you don't have to use them expect in certain missions and vehicle challenges. At first the mod upgrade system annoyed me, but I eventually found myself enjoying alot of the challenges and added to the total time I spent enjoying the game.Storyline: The storyline is kind of meh. The bad guy is another dictator with some serious god complex issues. To learn anything about him you have to collect tapes hidden around the world, but after I hit 20 of 70tapes I could care less about his backstory. Mario is your only comic releif. Cherish his corny jokes, CHERISH THEM.All in all I liked Just Cause 3, for $35 inc 3 DLC packs I think it was a good deal and worth every penny."
,Recommended,225540,25739679,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,VideoVillain,"I thoroughly enjoyed Just Cause 3. Not only did it deliver on extreme and satisfying action, it also delivered quite well on the story; which, while whacky, was also quite well put together and fun. This is made quadruplely true if you find and listen to all the Di Ravello tapes, they are seriously well done!Many players had issues with the game being buggy or not running because their machines couldn’t handle it. Luckily, I was not one of these people and my game ran flawlessly on max settings with 0 frame rate drops.  I did actually crash out of the game about 8 times in my many hours of playing, but it was rare and didn’t bother me.The challenges were mostly fun, but many of them were not the destruction frenzy I thought they would be. This was redeemed after beating the game and unlocking the ability to return any city/post/base back to their oppressed state and then taking it over again. That was a true joy and I wish that – specifically destruction – challenges capitalized on that fun factor rather than formulizing it.I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants a good story and high action on a massive free-rage map.  The DLCs for the Spark gun and Mech and Jet Wing suit are totally worth it and make playing a much more fun experience!  You can get them by downloading them outright, or by downloading the actual DLC extra quests and unlocking them that way (which is more worth it because, more stuff to blow up and quests)Thanks for the great game Avalanche Studios! (which is an awesome name to be paired with Square Enix, am I right or am I right!)"
76561198085171364,Recommended,225540,25405814,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,TacoTeco,"Honestly I didnt get this game till the other week cause of the mixed reviews. I personally have had no issue with this game as others seem to as far as crashing and graphic issues. I have it on ultra with no fps drops or shuttering. I love this game so far, because i love blowing things up and getting the feeling of having no limits.Windows 10 home 64bitIntel i7 3.9GHz 8-core 16-logicore22GB RAMGTX 980 TI 6GB SuperOverClockEdition"
76561198314675304,Not Recommended,225540,25359511,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,watchdogs272014,Attention Piece of a♥♥♥♥♥♥crap broken game . i purchchased it 15 days ago and downloaded it in 15 days cause internet is slow in india then when i started this game its running like♥♥♥♥♥♥on a fx 8320 and gtx 750 ti 2gb even on lowest settings i applied all fixes but nothing work so finally i refunded my money and now im extemly happy most dissapointed game for me i dont recomend this to any one
,Recommended,225540,25023412,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TheGixxerSquid,"I really don't understand all these bad reviews for JC3 it has great graphics and it runs fine on my PC, and no I don't have a mega beast PC and im under minimum ram specs and i still get above 60 FPS on everything maxed out. I haven't expereinced any issues with this game and I enjoy it's huge map. Would recommend. *Note* Bought this on sale for $30."
76561197966179642,Not Recommended,225540,27572638,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EvilCycle,"Playing this game felt like standing on lego over and over again, it looks fun but it is painful, it's the type of pain that causes frustration, anger and hurt all at once.Such a poor console port, it eats up ram like a cake addict at a birthday party and somehow manages to keep hold of it when it's closed (especially when using an xbox one controller, this guy wants to eat his cake AND keep it), the lack of decent AA does not only make the game feel like standing on lego, but manages to actually look like lego in parts too.The driving is crazy, when you are turning one second it feels like you are pushing a truck with your bare hands and the next second it is like you are trying to catch a chicken.The physics are fun with plenty of options for destruction, which is what this game is about right? It is just a shame that it seems to have been ported over by a drunken blind person which completely ruins everything else around it.Avoid like chicken drumsticks at 2am that have been left out at a party since lunch!"
,Recommended,225540,29680087,Posted: 3 February,all,Dacki,my name JEFF
,Recommended,225540,27318727,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DireWolf,"Very fun, can get boring after you have finished the game(don't have the dlcs). Otherwise a great game."
76561198088059114,Recommended,225540,28875491,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Genji,Fun
76561198147434821,Recommended,225540,26478364,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,TalkingShit,"its a good game.but, why i always start from the 1 chapter everytime i play it?"
,Not Recommended,225540,28918697,Posted: 1 January,all,✪ Ace,Amazing game and all but What the f*k is with the FPS drops ..... Tottaly ruins this game
76561198350761001,Not Recommended,225540,28519820,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,mohammad-ali,"Game failed to render character during loading of the game and did not allow me to use the grappling hook or throw grenades during the game the times my character did render. Due to this the game was literally unplayable for me as the grapling hook is the selling point of the game and its absense prevented me from preforming tasks in the game which were essential to the polt, such as the hijacking of helicopters or the overcomming of obstacles that could not be climed. The pc i played on was a core i7 desktop with a amd rx480 8gb and a samsung 850 pro ssd."
,Not Recommended,225540,27614356,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Big Rig On A Nig,anal lol
,Recommended,225540,28290418,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,76561198264029040,this game is so cool! If you love games with physics u should buy this game.
76561198034582317,Recommended,225540,28414403,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,JakeFromStateFarm,"Runs good for me, high settings, no vsync, no blur, steady 55-75fps... on a somewhat modest stock best buy, Asus i7 6700 non k    ddr4 12gb 2600,  radeon HD7970 3gb win10 64, i added the old card, that evidently works better than some much newer cards, very fun game, better than jc2, which i liked very much, sorry to those with much better rigs than mine not working, peace."
76561198126186889,Not Recommended,225540,27514797,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hyperion18,Don't buy it. I refunded it after 30 minutes of crashing.
,Not Recommended,225540,29220834,Posted: 13 January,all,searching4zen,"Just loaded it up again to give it another chance and tried driving a car - after crashing 5 times due to very terrible control responses it was alt+f4 and review time. The worst vehicle control/feedback of any game I've played. There are bugs in the early missions that, if triggered, force you to exit and reload. I found it more annoying than enjoyable to play. I would not recommend spending your money on this game - it's nowhere near the fun levels of Just Cause 2."
76561198038423898,Not Recommended,225540,29229111,Posted: 13 January,all,Joe-Nubs,"plauged by a error code 38 infinite graphics loop,, had to install beta driver,, now all other games just CTD including this one do to the beta driver,, i think this game was mainly created for console and the PC users well tough luck.. i hope the creators come out with a patch"
76561198227939772,Not Recommended,225540,28739010,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Punching Bag Dave,"pros of this game:-it's beyond fun to play-explosions-explosions-explosionscons:-it is poorly optimized-crashes regularly-relatievely inconsistent framerate-memory leak issues (not on my computer so far, but my brother had memory leak issues)-it won't adjust to my screen size (stays at around 1280x720 despite my computer being 1920x1080, and it glitches when I try to set it to 1920x1080)It's really, reallly fun to play. I would recommend this to anyone based on the gameplay. However, based on the constant issues on a powerful computer (Asus Rog G753 laptop), I'm not sure I can recommend this. I'd personally recommend Just Cause 2 instead as that game is just as fun and is optimized very well."
76561198007655039,Recommended,225540,28289727,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ByteTheDust,"If you liked Just Cause 2 then you'll love this. The wingsuit is a game changer, so much so that you'll miss it greatly if you ever try to go back to 2.If you've never played a Just Cause game, think of it like if Michael Bay created his own game by breeding GTA and Red Faction Guerrilla. This is that game.Only downside I've found is that the motorbike handling is horrendous."
76561198095111189,Recommended,225540,30045152,Posted: 19 February,all,Josepheous,I have spent far to much time on this game and yet I have not spent nearly enough.
,Not Recommended,225540,30040129,Posted: 19 February,all,gsa9,"Wayy above the recommended requirements and I get terrible stuttering. It's a good game, but I'm going to refund it for now until I get more ram I guess."
,Recommended,225540,22253110,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Spookyzepts,10/10 sure would explode some♥♥♥♥♥♥again!
,Not Recommended,225540,28175048,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Shade Conner,"Steam says that I have played 70+ hours, but the game wont even open. I have not even seen the main screen. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I have read many fourms, and none of the ""solutions"" the developers listed  have worked. This may not be their fault, and could totally be mine, but I highly doubt that. I spent money on this game, but I have not even been able to play it. Its insulting."
76561198107162224,Recommended,225540,20131020,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,WolfSlade,Surprisingly this game had nothing to do with Michael Bay.
76561198008330706,Not Recommended,225540,27681526,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CB_OilCountry,"Incredibly disappointed with this game. I loved JC 2 and played quite a bit of it, I was really looking forward to playing this but I cannot. While my computer meets and exceeds the minimum required specs for this game it does not run smooth. Very first time I started the game it simply hung, tried twice more and then had to reboot. Once it finally started I was immediately greeted with a ""Low Memory Warning"" with zero applications running in the background. Tried playing for about 5 minutes and decided that for the first time in my history of gaming on Steam I was going to request a refund. So, unfortunately I am not able to give a proper review of this game, I feel it is my duty to forewarn other purchasers. Your Mileage May Vary."
76561198276466448,Recommended,225540,32005764,Posted: 27 May,all,MorsEstSuperVos,"way way way over the top, but so much fun"
76561198340023706,Recommended,225540,32733989,Posted: 24 June,all,lwellington316,"it can be buggy, but most of the time is just adds to the fun."
76561198095402076,Recommended,225540,33092115,Posted: 1 July,all,ParzivaL,When i read people complaining about the bugs etc. i was too biased and didn't buy the game. I get the with summer sale and its completely beautifull. Everything is good about this game and there are hundreds of mods to make you enjoy more from this game.Overall: 8/10
,Not Recommended,225540,33209090,Posted: 3 July,all,Raiin,"Fun game, poorly produced.While I love Just Cause 3 and all the other installments of this franchise for their fast-paced, mindless action and violence, I have always thought the games were unfinished at best. But this game is without a doubt terrible especially when compared to JC2. It's packed full of bugs, the physics are nonsensical and some missions like ""Rico and the Rose"" are almost unplayable. This will probably be the last time I buy from Square Enix for some time.However, I love the soundtrack."
76561198045508310,Recommended,225540,33238247,Posted: 4 July,all,Scofer,"Just Cause 3 is the 3rd installment in a series about destroying infrastructure to gain public support.Pros- Many explosions.- Shooting is ok I guess.- Story is alright for what it is. Lets be honest you don't play Just Cause for the story.- DLCs add very fun and interesting vehicles/weapons/concepts.- Runs rather well. More of a personal thing as I know there's been a lot of issues with this game. I use a Nvidia 760 card and ran the game on medium. It ran fine and to be honest it still looked damn good.Cons- Helicopter flying is abit wonky.- Boat driving is absolutely atrocious.- If you want to 100% the game then you'll have to deal with the aforementioned issues, racing a boat isn't fun when its annoying to control.- Requires DLC to make the game interesting till the end. Due to most of the transportation available to you being absolute♥♥♥♥♥it's highly recommended to get the 'Sky Fortress Pack' as it basically puts a booster rocket on your wingsuit which you will always be using as its so damn fun, makes getting all the collectables easier too.- Final ""boss"" isn't exactly fun. It's boring and easy.Whilst I have listed some rather big cons I thoroughly recommend the game, granted I did get it during the summer sale for 75% off, if I got it for full price I may feel abit differently."
,Recommended,225540,19605443,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,zkhil,"it runs well on gtx970, i5 4690, 16gb ram. ultra settings and FXAA, 50-70 fps constant. game is really fun and somehow i havent got bored of the explosions yet. i call this a 'break game', you play this game to just ♥♥♥♥ around for an hour or two when you are tired of playing dota/cs/cod or any other competitive game. try it, its fun and runs well (on a medium to high end system that is)"
,Not Recommended,225540,33301592,Posted: 5 July,all,3.141592653589793238462643,Huge memory leak. Crashed my pc everytime while I launched the game.
76561198109269711,Not Recommended,225540,28138374,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Paul58,"game wont start, money wasted"
,Recommended,225540,28140638,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Nesatzuke,"Donald Trump's America Simulator+ Explosively great, over-the-top, silly fun!+ Wonderfully huge open world.- Bad optimization (even worse than Arkham Knight, which my rig can handle just fine since before the major patch).- Some elements are too similar to Far Cry 4.- Who designed the ridiculous plane control??? Have they ever tried it themselves?"
,Recommended,225540,27470232,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ali Mustafa Mohammed 0303,I enjoy this game becuase I can
76561198059021505,Not Recommended,225540,21853610,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Jokur,Fun the first three hours...
76561198140676118,Not Recommended,225540,22299192,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,FPS [Prodigy]™,Challenge Mods = Ultimate Rage. every time i m close to 3 gears the car must overflip or some omen will happen which makes you fail the challenge straights
76561198245743120,Recommended,225540,31704200,Posted: 12 May,all,sivaneshnash,its ok
76561197973967381,Recommended,225540,31580454,Posted: 6 May,all,[H2H]Gunner,Fun game for letting off a bit of steam now and again
76561198091390313,Recommended,225540,33253858,Posted: 4 July,all,MattRD,"Game is amazing, awesome plot and better DLCs, would be amazing if you could replay missions though!"
,Not Recommended,225540,33012211,Posted: 29 June,all,Microsoft has terminated file,"Forces server connection to play now, If blocked via firewall cannot start. Such a shame, as the server drops the game by at least 5 frames a second on a good day."
76561198068403679,Recommended,225540,23522285,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,AfroMocha,Fun game to spend a little time messing around.
76561197997734150,Recommended,225540,27114382,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lugerity,The Best Just Cause game Ever!
,Recommended,225540,23477035,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Ryker,"This game is very fun, dont let anybody else fool you otherwise. However, for the $50 I payed for it, I was expecting more than 26 hours of playtime. The game is good while it lasted, but I reccomend sniping it for a good deal on the gray market, wink wink. It is not worth its advertised price, as there just isnt enough to do in the game. The game is absolutely beautiful to look at and the story is nothing short of a well made and action packed. I just wished it offered more for it's AAA status."
76561198198501641,Recommended,225540,23524611,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,XXXTentacion,It's amazing beautiful and one of the best color palette and best gameplay in a game but fix the framerate when in combat scenes it dips terribly
,Not Recommended,225540,22929564,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Chops,Bit bored actually... Not my cup of tea...
76561198089987608,Recommended,225540,23532434,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Don Karnage,"Do you wnat an awsome shoter with plenty of fun then I have only one question for you EXPLOSIONS!?!If you said yes then this Bollywood movie of a game is perfect for you, with plenty of cool♥♥♥♥♥♥like EXPLOSIONS, tanks, jets, boats with guns, stuff to blow the ♥♥♥♥ up, and did I metion the EXPLOSIONS !!!"
,Recommended,225540,23533505,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,davepdotorg,"If you're a fan of JC2 it's hard to imagine you won't enjoy this. Most of the same elements are there, with a few added extras.I think my main complaint about JC3 over JC2 is that the play area itself seems a bit too sparse and samey when compared to JC2. Also, the (current) lack of any form of multiplayer is a letdown (one that will, hopefully, be corrected in the same way it was for JC2).I enjoyed playing it through; I completed it; I don't think it was a waste of money. And when some form of online play turns up it'll get a new lease of life."
76561198302478176,Recommended,225540,23523049,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,zesty supreme™,Absolutely fantasticFavourite gameBut: the port can be a bit dodgy and cause stutteringBut again: it's still playable and very enjoyable
,Recommended,225540,23489169,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,LoGicMoTion®,"This game is entirely the most entertaining game I have on my PC, everytime I boot this game up I find myself having a hell of a time. I've gone through the DLC and honestly it just makes the game even more spontaneous. Its without a doubt the most exciting games I've ever witnessed.As for Performance: I have not had an issue with this game performance wise at all since the day i got my paws on it.4790KGTX 98016 GB RAMSAMSUNG PRO SSD 500GBalot of people appartently have this issue I, however do not fall in that category. I highly reccommend playing this game on an SSD as loading in this game on first play through is prominent."
76561198310578729,Recommended,225540,23529107,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,jack2019well,great game
,Recommended,225540,20313512,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Fred,"I don't know why people fail to run this game. I use a ♥♥♥♥ing laptop with (laptop) 840m nvidia graphics, a (laptop) intel core i7 4780k and 8 GB of (laptop) ram.And it runs perfectly."
76561198026363731,Recommended,225540,19419665,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,abdulhamian,"Really fun destruction sandbox. If you loved just cause 2 you'll love this, improves around it in literally every way."
,Recommended,225540,20099527,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Erol NL,Fantastic game!If you like blowing stuff up and see enormous explosions in all their glory buy this game :-)11 out of 10
,Recommended,225540,20320777,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,G-W-S,I'd heard about all those performances issues and decided to wait and buy it after a patch came out.  Played it today and it runs nice and smooth.  I think the world of Just Cause 2 was more visually interesting but this is still a great game world and a great game to play.  I would reccommend just buying it to see if you get performances issues and if you do you can easily  get a refund and return the game.
76561198176889495,Recommended,225540,20316990,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,my-name-is-alvin-3354,its the best game ever
,Recommended,225540,20181248,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,yousef337,i loved thes game and the big maps but i would to online
,Recommended,225540,24976655,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,lxyfutures,"Surprisingly, game has a great performance and no laggy whatsoever. Got a i7 5930K and a FuryX, runs in 3840X2160 @40-45 fps with with V-sync enabled and every other settings maxed out(except anti-aliasing SMAAX2). Game lookes nice, beautifully designed, and tons of contents to deal with.$32.99 with DLCs seems like a great deal, I highly recommend get this during discounts."
,Recommended,225540,25718324,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Crisscross,"Great game, with an engine that does a ludicrously good job. This extreme view distance and awesome visual fidelity while having no framerate drops whatsoever is just jaw-dropping. And all that while having absolutly bearable loadtimes.I play with 8 gb ram. I had a crash pretty early in the game. Then I reduced the texture quality to medium and have no troubles since. I can't rly say if this is cause and effect. If you want to be safe you need 16 gb of ram. I am pretty sure that the issue isn't a memory leak (maybe fixed?). I had the game running for extended durations 7-8 hours and had no crash or degradation of performance.It is sad that a game that is nicely done in pretty much every major aspect gets so many negative reviews, because someone decides not to be honest about the system requirements. But in the end they have no one but themself to blame.Anyway +1 for Mooo-rio."
76561198056842200,Recommended,225540,30024720,Posted: 18 February,all,Nekouda,Ive got a dieseas and the only cure is BLOWING MORE S*IT UP
,Recommended,225540,20865358,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Erick,"If you like explosions, murder and awesome grappling hook action, this game is for you. Beyond that, the storyline is OKAY, the graphics are great and there's hours upon hours of gameplay to keep yourself occupied. The biggest downside, however, has got to be the load times. Even on my SSD's in Raid0 (Upwards of 900 MB/s read times), it takes me a good few minutes just to get into the action. Personally I love sitting down at my computer and getting straight into the action; this game makes that very difficult if not impossible. The longest portion of the load time appears to be the stupid online login. Why we need online logins for a single player game is beyond me, but it is what it is.With that said, I would highly recommend this game to anyone who loves Just Causing (hah) chaos, or anyone who had a big fan of Just Cause 2. While this game is worth full retail (Barely!), I would suggest waiting for a sale before diving in. It needs much too much patching at this point to justify paying full retail."
76561198197885831,Recommended,225540,20872043,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Imperial Lobster,"This game is one the best games ever!system requirementsRecomended.CPU:  Intel Core i7-3770, 3.4 GHz / AMD FX-8350, 4.0 GHzCPU Speed:  InfoRAM:  8 GBOS:  Vista SP2 / Windows 7.1 SP1 / Windows 8.1 (64-bit Operating System Required)Video Card:  NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780 (3GB) / AMD R9 290 (4GB)Free Disk Space:  54 GBminumum.CPU:  Intel Core i5-2500k, 3.3GHz / AMD Phenom II X6 1075T 3GHzCPU Speed:  InfoRAM:  6 GBOS:  Vista SP2 / Windows 7.1 SP1 / Windows 8.1 (64-bit Operating System Required)Video Card:  NVIDIA GeForce GTX 670 (2GB) / AMD Radeon HD 7870 (2GB)Free Disk Space:  54 GB"
76561198275733255,Recommended,225540,25500697,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Phoenix,"If you like the chaos and destruction in GTA V, but slightly more combat- orientated and realistic, with some of the best graphics in its class, this is the game for you! I haven't even played that long, and I can tell you, without a doubt, this game is totally worth spending money on. I played JC2 alot and when this came out, I couldn't contain myself. So what did I do? I went in-game and WREAKED HAVOC! That's basically what this game is. It can be played two ways, although one is harder than the other. It can be played agressively, which is the most fun, or passively, which is hard because of how hostile the authority is. But if you enjoy scenic views and awesome stunts and good laughs, you can also play that way, avoiding authority. Either way, GET THE GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,225540,21843025,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,takenyadown,"BEST GAME EVER! The story is much better in this game than Just Cause 2 becuse instead of having to go to a place to do a mission, you can just wander off to places to liberate them. The only concern that I have is that it doesn't run very well on most computers. I guess I should go build myself a better computer now."
,Recommended,225540,20686029,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,|WZ| PartlyAwesome,This game is tonnes of fun it is an action packed thriller but it gets a little repetitive at times.
,Recommended,225540,21828499,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Cool Bowties,"Fantastic sandbox game. So many oppourtinities for rediculous stunts and the like, just overall a very fun game. DLC is good fun too, adds some really cool stuff."
,Recommended,225540,21845903,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Ducky,"Today was the day. That I would set out to take over the base located in Falco to finally get the cargo plane. But little did I know it wasn’t going to be that easy.1)	So I fly over to Falco like, this is gonna be♥♥♥♥♥♥easy (First mistake has already made). Then I get one shot out of my plane by this nuke. I don’t think much and think it was just luck as I was flying pretty slowly.2)	But then as I respawn and wingsuit down there I realized I f***ed up. I see the warning saying the nuke has be launched but it was far too late. BOOM! And I was gone.3)	So I started using some next level tactics and hiding under the runways, letting the nuke do all the work. This was working great until I’m greeted by a helicopter that has shields and get a** f***ed.4)	Now normally this helicopter isn’t really a big deal. But I ran out of rockets (second mistake has be made).5)	About 40 mins has pasted and I have finally won the battle and the base was ours. Well so I thought. First think I saw after taken over the base was, warning nuke launched. All my hopes and dreams gone in a blink of an eye.6)	Spend the next 15 – 20mins just trying to get away without getting killed (the spawn camp was real). Then realized the nukes where being launched from the base we just took. (biggest face palm in the world).7)	After finally getting away the let the salt pass. I get the cargo plane dropped in. this felt great, I got it and was amazed. Started taken off, then realized I didn’t have enough and the cargo plane turned into a flaming ball of fire (third mistake was made).8)	Went to get another one dropped in and saw it was locked for 25 mins(forth mistake). Ducky hasn’t been heard from again. Some say he’s flying real cargo planes while others believe he’s hiding in denial.11/10 would get emotionally scarred for life again."
76561198087916417,Recommended,225540,20055354,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,cTonyTV,"I find all of the bad reviews full of♥♥♥♥♥♥  ""Oh the game is running terribly.""  ""Oh the game is too hard so I'm gonna write a bad review on this.""  ""Oh I bought the game because I wanted to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up right away.""  I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at these comments.1. People say they have 8 GB of ram and whatever graphics card with 4k resolution and bla bla bla and the game is running like♥♥♥♥♥♥please fix.  No.  You don't buy call of duty on a pc unless  you know that your pc can manage the game.  You do this because Call of Duty is a ""triple A "" title game.  It takes a lot to run that type of game.  I hope some of you realise that JC3 is a ""triple A"" title.  That being said in order to run the game you  should have specs that should be higher than what the game requires to get your 60fps.2. I kid you not: someone wrote a bad review for the game because the driving is terrible and the game is too challenging.  Two things on driving:  1. You have a grapple, parachute, and wingsuit... why are you driving?  2. The driving isn't terrible.  It is managable.  Steering is a little rough but over all you get used to it.3.  You don't walk into GTA V online or offline and think you have everything unlocked and you can buy everything you want.  You don't join a call of duty online lobby and have the best gun in the game at level 1.  THERE ARE PROGRESSION SYSTEMS IN GAMES PEOPLE.  Big or small it is there.  Treat just cause like the other games I just mentioned (maybe not cod :P)  the game has a progression system.  Don't be too lazy to play a video game.That just about sums up my rant.Great game overall.  I love it.  It has days worth of play value.   I certainly recommend this game to anyone who has a computer they think can run it.One of the only downsides in my opinion is that you can't stay in offline mode.  If I ever want to pause the game for a minute, it tries to connect to the online services which takes about 5 minutes.  If you have bad internet like where I am currently,  the connecting process takes a while, and sometimes it gives up and goes into offline mode.  Which is fine but five minutes later it tries to reconnect to online services.I don't really write many reviews, but I had to for this awesome game because people are giving it bad reviews for everything I listed above.Thanks if you made it this far.  I hope you found this helpful!"
,Recommended,225540,20283041,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,jastezz..,Game is amazing!One of the Best Open World Games available rt now :DMost of the bugs have been solved now!So even in PCs or Laptops with AMD APU/GPU can play smoothly now.There is a lot of improvement in perfomance after the recent update.
76561197983201980,Recommended,225540,20222013,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,U-Jack,"Just cause 3 is an epic sandbox game which will give you approximately 20 hours of pure fun. But, as a game developer myself, i felt lots of missing game mechanics and content in it. First and most importantly a working multiplayer at start. But, this can be forgiven with the modding community. The gameplay and some options still missing some key elements but the feeling the game emphesizes is on point. It doesn't try to be serious or anything which is great. There is a scenerio which you will most probably won't even care. There are challanges which are boring and can be an obstacle progressing your character fast enough before you get bored of it and The combat system feels somewhat very easy at times and when you die, there is no punishing it. That makes the game a bit of stale but it's one of the most explosive game of 2015.I congratulate you developer guys for delivering such fun."
76561198102150512,Not Recommended,225540,20312441,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,lmcgrail,"Absolute trash. Unplayable at times and even when the game is not crashing, it feels like a dumbed down version of Just Cause 2. I activley tell people to not buy this game at work. Last game i will ever buy from this publisher and developer Take your mandatory online for singler player as well and shove it."
,Not Recommended,225540,21036465,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Meme Machine,Dont buy this game its a terrible pc port and it stays at -40 fps
76561198213209247,Not Recommended,225540,21141288,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ZExpertSC,Crashes alot for no reason
,Recommended,225540,30025919,Posted: 18 February,all,Sakata Yoga,If you want to be like Michael BayBOOM BOOM Everywhere
,Not Recommended,225540,25244242,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,umop apisdn,"WARNINGThe lag in this game is beyond unbearable. I play most games at high res and never have a problem. I couldnt even play this game at 680 res and lowest textures.My system is i7-2600 3.4 GHz 8 GB Ram 64 bitYes there are better systems out there but until now, I have never had a problem with any game. I saw the warning in the reviews but was confident I could run this like anything else after looking at their system requirments.If you dont have really high end software, dont buy for PC. Sadly I will have to get this game for console if I want to play it.I requested a refund after 20 min of loading up the game, adjusting settings and watching a video game buffer itself to death."
76561198136458398,Recommended,225540,19418703,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Rune,"A good game so far, love the explosions!!a bit of lag but thats probably my comp, haveing so weird issues with the map not fully loading though."
,Recommended,225540,27567682,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PixelBacon,Good game
76561197994829593,Recommended,225540,28229115,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,I'm so sorry,"Got in a carDrove the car into another carWatched other car spin out of control and crashLaughed evilyMilitarized police came after meUsed my car as a missleFound a town under violent control by militarized police""Saved"" the town by blowing the sh*t out of everything I sawwent home and played just cause 3what a great day"
,Recommended,225540,22309272,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,InferNovus,"Do you like explosions?Do you like absorbing 27,000 bullets?Do you like bringing down gigantic water coolers onto a helicopter with nothing more than a grappling hook?Then you'll like Just Cause 3Just Cause 3 is a game that has explosions, guns, hilarity, and more!When I first bought this game, I was worried about the mixed reviews, but I went out on a limb and bought it.Turns out all the negative reviews are just made by people who don't know how to fix online only or make a game run!This game is great, the AI constantly is hilarious and fun to attack (I. E. Helicopter crashing into the thing it was meant to protect, creating fireball that killed all his friends), the explosions are beautiful, (even on my junky Intel laptop), and the grappling hook and wing suit basically make you the freaky man-child of Iron Man and Arnold Schwarzenegger.This game gets rid of all the boring stuff that JS2, including, (but not limited to) Pressing stupid number sequences to hijack cars and blow stuff up, pressing a keyboard button for a slow grappling hook. Hooking only 2 things together, FPS stuttering, bugs, dumb, repetitive AI and having to collect things to liberate a settlement.Buy it! If the thing you are worried about is performance issues, as long as you don't have an AMD card, you should be able to run it. Even if you have one, you can probably tweak the settings just like I did with my integrated Intel graphics card, and make it run at 40 fps. You may have to turn the resolution down little bit, but the graphics are still amazing.Even in the case of always forcing online only, you can easily go into windows firewall and block any incoming connections for this.If you want to have a good time, some laughs, and a little awe at the great scenery, and liked JS2, then this game is for you.11/10 IGNgr8 m8 no h8 r8 8/8"
,Recommended,225540,22310741,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,zigi,"Look, If you have an AMD card you'll probably have a bad time. But if you have an Nvidia card you'll love this game. Don't go into this game expecting an amazing story because it practically doesn't exsist. But if you go in expecting an explosion simulator you will be for than pleased. The wingsuit mechanic is amazing and mixed with the grappling hook it makes for one of the best sandbox games out there.If you're into turn-your-brain-off games, this is a must buy.8/10"
,Recommended,225540,19443270,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ForgotPants,"Playing a Just Cause game is like going to watch a Fast and Furious movie; there's gonna be cars, explosions, helicopters, explosions, pretty much no story, explosions.All of this does make an enjoyable game. Dicking around in the JC2 world long after the missions ran out was a whole bucketload of fun and JC3 seems to be going the same way!"
,Recommended,225540,19443288,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,[VCTY] Whyit,"Just Cause 3 is exactly what it is advertised as:Spawn in, blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up.On a serious note:My game runs great maxed out with a GTX 970 and an i7 4790k. That's pretty beefy but I've heard others say that their game runs fine on lower end cards/chips. AMD, however, didn't get a chance to update their drivers for JC3. My R9 280 doesn't like this game at all and will crash almost seconds after getting into the game.Therefore, if you have AMD just wait until the game updates before you buy.To people having performance issues on NVIDIA: you need the latest drivers. I used the previous version and my game stuttered, froze, crashed, etc. Once updated, everything was much better and I haven't froze/crashed since."
,Recommended,225540,19439436,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Vandragorax,"This game is another masterpiece from Avalanche Studios.  The best open-world chaos-causing game around.  It also looks amazing on ultra-wide (3440x1440) and the UI supports it fully, (there are just a few 16:9 cut-scenes, which I can deal with), which is fantastic.Played for 12 hours straight on release day and didn't want to get out of my chair.I just wanted to add my positive review to try to counter some of the idiot negative reviews that are out there because people can't be bothered to update video drivers or look up solutions to their problems before whining about it, it's easier to tarnish an amazing game and fantastic dev studio on the Steam user reviews section than to do some research and troubleshooting, apparently.  Entitlement these days is getting ridiculous."
76561197997969723,Not Recommended,225540,20760511,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ColonelSidequest,"Completely unplayable buggy crap.  Just don't.   If you've already bought it, try to get a refund: I know I will.  And that's coming from someone who poured a Ton of hours into Just Cause 2.More details?   Terrible fps, graphical glitches aplenty, long load times, absurdly poor enemy AI, clunky controls, boring audio ...EDIT: Additional play shows many of those bugs disappeared after patches that only occured several months after release.  The game is now playable, just disappointing and not fun.  The game play is dull, the controls feel awkward and unintuitive, and the missions really are not as exciting as they ought to be based off explosions/hour."
76561198168075672,Recommended,225540,19439427,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,JoelTheLegend,I would recommend this game cause it is fun and silly. Don't have to take things so seriously but have fun. The open world kinda reminds me of GTA 5. If I have a choice to choose GTA 5 or this I would choose both but GTA 5 is much much more FUN.
,Recommended,225540,23913086,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,$weetheart,bangsat harganya turun seiini -_-
,Not Recommended,225540,25042232,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Empyrium,Still no SLI support. Thankfully Steam has a refund option. Unfinished game. Maybe they should work on SLI support instead of more garbage DLC.
,Not Recommended,225540,30020794,Posted: 18 February,all,PoopyAssMan,Arcady open world game that gets old fast. The grapple + wingsuit movement system is wonky and not as smooth as it could be. No adjustable difficultly making this game super easy. The stupid capture system makes me tediously hunt down every destructable object in an area and destroy it to capture a base. Multiply that tedium by 30-40 for each base in the game and you have yourself some seriously laborious work to do. Every base is the same with the only variance being the size. It's got the Far Cry 3 effect going pretty strong.Anyway I played it this long only to see if it got better. Didn't. Boring.
,Recommended,225540,28737292,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Trump,Best of Michael Bay simulator out there...9.0 out of 10.0
76561198095478847,Recommended,225540,28295418,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,BloodCatters,Cool Game !
76561198017960637,Recommended,225540,28875323,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MindsEye,It is just fun blowing stuff up and doing hilarious stuff...
,Not Recommended,225540,29336255,Posted: 18 January,all,Tarnith,"Lacking smooth performance, no adjustable FOV, and with gameplay that feels a little bit stamped out. It's missing a lot of the campy unique character that got me into the series with the first one.Just Cause 2 was the peak of the series if this game is anything to go by. The missions felt more alive, less grindy overall and the story was great. Having trouble finishing this one or finding a reason to care. The controls feel very disconnected, the handling is just bad.Buy Just Cause 2, not sure what happened between that game and this one but the experience is half as much fun. Buy this on a sale."
,Not Recommended,225540,28744926,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,tolvak,Game crashed too much for me to continue playing :(
,Recommended,225540,28450999,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Ulfric Stormcloak,"i know JC3 have a lot issues with randomly fps drop and sometimes flickering texture, but it's really have unique and creative gameplay that other open world games doesn't have, the map size is very big as well, its very fun and sometimes very challenging."
76561198022624446,Recommended,225540,24795494,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Gowdown wamsey,although the game was a huge pile of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥at the start the devs have made the game into a nicely sculptured piece of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥wich is actually quite a lot of fun and there are explosions A LOT OF BIG ♥♥♥♥ING EXPLOSIONS who doesnt like explosions right. o and the game has explosions just saying in case you were wondering
,Not Recommended,225540,27055723,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DryAssChicken,"I know I didn't have much playing time at all in this game but this game is ""Unplayable"" by my standards. I get a rediculous amount of stutters and frame drops even during the calmest scenes. Cut scenes anmoving vehicles seem to have this weird shakey blur around them a lot of the time and for some odd reason at time when I try and enter a vehicle it simply won't move! Not to mention the onscreen commands contstantly change back to K&M when using a controller giving me a hella of a start at the beginning of the game. But if I remove the port problems it could be a very good and enjoyable game. However, it left me no choice but to get a refund.  I know it's not my build right? (specs below)GTX 1060 6GBFX 8350 Black Edition8GB DDR3 Ram"
,Recommended,225540,20523986,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,The Nazi Who Played Yahtzee,Did all the Wingsuit courses in the game within the first 15 hours.Finished the game within the next 9.no ragrets11/10 - IGN
,Recommended,225540,19452741,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Winter Owl,"If you have an AMD card, chances are, you will experience performance problems. I got the game on 2nd of December, one day after its launch, and it runs great on my gtx 970 with updated drivers. Nothing bad to say about the game, it is Just Cause 2 with better graphics and slightly enhanced gameplay. Even the story, which is one of the worst aspects of the series, is better than JC2's story.If you are in it for the sandbox mayhem and explosions, get it. I wholeheartedly recommend it. Plus you get to destroy bridges and it feels amazing!"
,Not Recommended,225540,28406093,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Lapidem,"Nothing wrong with the gameplay at all, but stuttering is a massive issue I can't cope with. I don't mind not having 60 fps, I don't mind turning down all of the graphics settings to have a smooth run, but if the game is going to stutter on many other computers as well as mine then I am sorry I cannot recommend. However once I get a new computer and a new patch has been released then I may consider getting it again if it is on sale or I somehow manage to get a well paying job I will pay full price if the stuttering has been fixed."
76561198069678769,Not Recommended,225540,21197734,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Nuttez,You need a really BEEFY (strong) computer to run this even on the lowest settings.
76561198080526242,Recommended,225540,20059417,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ILikeTrainsKid,though i can't launch a missile i can launch the game :)10/10 would barely reach 30 fps again
76561198085301203,Not Recommended,225540,20075080,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PrivateRyan,Got a Refund. The game won't get off the first loading screen...keeps crashing. This game is an unoptimised poo... >:(
,Not Recommended,225540,25277563,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Rodos,This game is probably one of the worst PC ports ! Incredible but true !!! This port uses the same RAM allocation than a console... Be careful before to buy this ;)
,Recommended,225540,30645962,Posted: 20 March,all,Krazy Burd,tried the 2nd one on ps3 hated it this one adds so much more todo in the game wingsuit def helps with transportation an makes the game more fun
,Recommended,225540,31410570,Posted: 28 April,all,⭐三日月🌙,eDEN Fu*king Spark
76561198123957653,Not Recommended,225540,24258213,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Ninja_Rao,"NOT ported properly.Insane loading time after every small cutscenes.FPS drops from 60 to 30 all of a sudden and the RAM consumption is INSANE.Even worse on AMD GPUs. I have an r9 290 but the FPS does not stay stable.As for the game its fine but not good in my opinion. As of now even after the game and driver updates its un-playable.If you have a PC with an nvidia GTX GPU and 16GB of ram the game performs properly but come on, the fact that I can run ROTTR on DX12 Utra at 70+ FPS and this game at Ultra and I get 25-45FPS is just ridiculous."
,Recommended,225540,24273208,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Liquid,"ЗАШЕЛ В ИГРУ ЖДЕШЬ ПОКА ПРОГРУЗИШЬСЯ В ГЛАВНОЕ МЕНЮ, ЗАВИСТЫКНУЛ СТАРТ, ЗАВИСПОПЫТАЛСЯ ПОМЕНЯТЬ НАСТРОЙКИ, ЗАВИСПРОСТО СИДИШЬ, ЗАВИСКУПИЛ КОМПЬЮТЕР ЗА 100К, ЗАВИСОПТИМИЗАЦИЯ 11 ИЗ 10 ПИНГВИНОВ"
,Recommended,225540,28781427,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mantastic,"TL;DR - Great fun like JC2, doesn't crash, worth every penny at ~$45 and if it runs like crap upgrade your hardware!Don't know why everyone complains about crashing, it's never crashed on me.Don't know why everyone complains about ""optimization"" when their PC can't handle the game (optimization is just another word for make the graphics worse so it works on my hardware).And another final word about ""optimization."" Stop using this stupid word and use a console if you want a guaranteed framerate!!!"
76561198079377192,Recommended,225540,23083268,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,alfred,Very fun and addicting
,Recommended,225540,19529101,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Clown Bard,sticky keys simulator
76561198184230557,Recommended,225540,30166260,Posted: 25 February,all,Polo,good game
76561197972608487,Not Recommended,225540,22852916,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,darknemo,do not buy. crashes constantly.  real♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198204246104,Recommended,225540,31390668,Posted: 27 April,all,SomeTacos,So a good friend of mine had this game on his xbox one I played it for around 30 minutes and I liked it enogh to want to buy it for myself... so i did. But despite me having the same amount of specs as the reccomended amount this game was unplayable. So I lowered everything down to the lowest settings and it was better but it was still really bad. So I could not actually playthe game because of this. So if you have a really good pc for playing this game then I would reccomend it. But if you do not then find a better game to play until you can play this game.
,Not Recommended,225540,28815446,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Potato,Pros : Looks NiceIs fun to playCons : Random Fps DropsPerformance problemsI was running this maxed out with an GTX 1060 6gb and got 60-70 fps but it would drop to 20-40 fps during certain events and sometime would freeze completely. I refunded it for this reason
76561198000600635,Recommended,225540,19514918,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,✪ Red,"Explosions? Ooh yes!Pros:+ Explosions+ Wingsuit+ More explosions+ Sandbox+ No restrictions+ Even more explosionsCons:- Doesn't work well with AMD for now. (Will get fixed)- land veichles are crap, you can't controll them at all. (Why drive when you can fly?)- Might get a bit repetetive after some hours.Conclusion:Yes it's worth the $49.99.Massive fun, you get straight into the game, no tutorial, just massive explosions and open world sandbox game."
76561198015679800,Recommended,225540,31410364,Posted: 28 April,all,Donnie,I like to blow up things.
,Not Recommended,225540,32876030,Posted: 27 June,all,Gavineitor,Your system is low on memory simulator
,Not Recommended,225540,32890413,Posted: 27 June,all,DKMR,"NOTE: I don't own this game anymore.Before we start I do want to point out the fact that I'm aware I can get a bit off topic here and there.So let's begin...Played Just Cause 1 on PlayStation and Just Cause 2 on PC years ago. Both games felt weird in terms of game mechanics and how the animations go along with said mechanics. I never could exactly pinpoint the cause, but there was something slightly off about these games. To me personally, the series always felt like a cheap Grand Theft Auto clone with explosions, and over the top action, and more explosions. The same can be said about Just Cause 3.The landscape is magnificent, like it always has been in JC series. Crisp textures, diversity, things don't feel out of place. For me, every JC game is weak when it comes to arhitecture and vehicles. It feels like a completely another company did those models and they were just mish-mashed together without any polishing to make them feel like a cohesive art style. The same can be said about pedestrians. Imagine if GTA V had buildings, vehicles and people from GTA SA, but the landscape quality is from GTA V. Now this isn't such a big difference in quality when it comes to Just Cause 3, but you get the point... You gave me a beautiful country filled with odd-looking people, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking vehicles that handle corners like their diff was a pole connecting both wheels, boring story, unintuitive user interace and wonky game mechanics... Sorry, you had time (and money) not to do this again. Personally, I think Just Cause 2 is the best game in this series.I maxed out the visuals, had a smooth 60 FPS experience for the most part. The issue I had was stuttering - when random events triggered for the first time (for example somebody shot your car or something went ka-boom), the game would freeze for a second with looping audio. My specs are at the bottom of this review.The best way I could describe this game is: stiff. Everything feels stiff and unnatural. Again, driving feels as if I'm severely handicapped (no offense to anyone), I guess running had it's set of glitches so they decided to remove it completely, minimap - come on, why not use the full map instead, it's a breeze to use if you enjoy torture like installing Gentoo Linux with a Dvorak keyboard while your eyes are shut tight with duct tape.I'm glad Steam has a refund system, I'll use this money for fuel.Specs:i7 7700 (Stock clock)Asus GTX 1070 8GB8 GB of RAMSome generic Gigabyte motherboard."
,Not Recommended,225540,27883393,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gamer And Yeah,"Potential performance issues, but it works fine for me on my 3 year old computer, so 👌👌👌Also, the solution for the bad driving is to never use cars, and the wingsuit is faster and more fun anyway, so it all works out.If you're not sure about performance, just buy it and refund it if it doesn't work for you. Yay refunds.EDIT: Good news, I actually UPGRADED my computer, and now the game constantly crashes! Fun. I tried a bunch of fixes and none of them work. Even though it is now impossible to play this game, I cannot refund it, since I already played too much before upgrading. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,225540,32751372,Posted: 24 June,all,MonJoe,Game won't load. There seems to be no solution. Developer is apparently not interested in fixing their game.
76561197997971531,Not Recommended,225540,32978837,Posted: 29 June,all,Forzian,"This game has potential to be quite fun, unfortunately that fun is ruined by rampant crashes. The game has been out for a year and a half and it is still horribly optimized."
,Not Recommended,225540,28072831,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Scary-CraX,Shitiest port onto a PC ive ever seen
,Recommended,225540,33143341,Posted: 2 July,all,Number 7,I love it.
,Recommended,225540,32983520,Posted: 29 June,all,PulSaR,its a goof
,Recommended,225540,33072651,Posted: 1 July,all,LT. Tickle Pickle,Its alright I guess 11/10
,Recommended,225540,26108710,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,PurpleXVI,"I'd recommend this game, it's fun, but it's fun despite itself, because it really does its best to ruin your enjoyment of it.At core, you've got a relatively gripping ""blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up""-simulator with funny quips from Rodriguez & Supporting Characters. This is satisfying! However, then you get saddled with a ton of equipment you'll never want to use and absolutely miserable controls for a lot of things(if I'm driving a tank and want to fire behind me while in a chase, it takes me half an hour to turn the turret, wingsuit controls are plain garbage, and why would I need something like SEVEN different control schemes? With the game not bothering to warn me when I bind the same key to two different things because I can't remember half the damn things I bound?), and crashing that seems to intensify the farther you get into the game. Which is ESPECIALLY annoying because mid-mission checkpoints are completely forgotten if the game crashes, in my experience, so have fun doing all that♥♥♥♥♥♥again if it crashes at the very end of a mission!Also some general quirkiness with the grappling hook and physics at times.I'm also having a hard time figure out if I like or hate the way the game lets you off easy. If an outpost is, against all expectations, giving you trouble, you can just run at it over and over, blowing up one chaos object at a time. Nothing gets reset or has to be done over, you can just slowly chip away at it. It makes getting killed feel more like an annoyance than anything else, the real reason not to die is just that having to get back to where you were is a chore at times.On the other hand, considering that there are enemies with shotguns who can stunlock you(GREAT idea in a game where you're meant to be leaping everywhere like a monkey on meth), explosions that can ragdoll you, and that it's possible to get killed in one or two shots at times... maybe it's not so bad that the game is a bit forgiving. Though I'd rather they polished the combat than forgave you when it ruined you on accident.Driving and shooting is also kind of a mess because most cars with mounted guns, you can't control while driving. You can only let an AI helper man it which is, ha ha, absolutely useless, so those guns are all worthless. Tanks and helicopters are the only things you'll ever really want to spawn. Also the issue that there's ZERO gun stabilizing while driving, flying or sailing, so in a game where your main defense is dodging, in order to have anything resembling accuracy... you need to stand stock still or move at a snail's pace.But, aside from that... the game is somehow fun. It helps that it looks real pretty and that the music's perfect. Try it, especially if it's on sale. Also the DLC isn't bad(the stuff that has missions, at least, not the stuff that's just extra guns or vehicles), though it's kind of on the short side for the cost."
,Recommended,225540,19681252,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Ronie Maccaroni,"Very Nice Game! Best open world game I have ever played. It has it's own type of style and the color is so vibrant. The only downfall about this review is the computer gameplay, just to get the best graphics on this game it requires at least 1000 dollars of a proccessor and a GPU just to play this game, but otherwise this game is the BEST! I recommend getting it on PS4 and PC not really on Xbox One just because of the graphics on it. BUY NOW!"
76561198126112923,Recommended,225540,29411314,Posted: 21 January,all,Get Schwifty,Really great game. Can stutter from time to time but an overall fun game to play
,Not Recommended,225540,23512306,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Air Mattress,It was a good game and it still would be if I were able to ACTUALLY ♥♥♥♥ING CONNECT TO THE SQUARE ENIX SERVERS!
,Recommended,225540,23498068,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,THE PILGRIM,"To start,I haven't had any bugs, or technical issues with this game, and I have completed the game 100%, achievements too.The game is beautiful, and the scenery gets more impressive and majestic as you progress though each island.  My friends are often most captivated by this game out of all the games I show them at 4k.  Which is a lot.  I love the train tracks that run over the largest island.The physics are what you would expect from a Just Cause game: Hilarious!  Add in the fact that the first two DLC give you a jetpack and a gravity gun mech, now your in for some action, comedy, and all around absurdity :)I found there was a slight lack of weaponry, but it is more than made up for by the fact that all the explosive weapons in the game are really fun to use.Upgrading through challenges was easy and unlocked some pretty great upgrades, like tether strength, or boost for dropped in vehicles.They made everything easier, you can use vehicles as soon as you highjack them, the wingsuit can be used with the tether once upgraded making it individual from the parachute, there are plenty of other little touches that say: your playing Just Cause 3 now, and its better.Pretty much this game give you about 839729582 ways to wreck over 1000km squared of space full of destructables.I think that constitutes a fun, and therefore, good, game."
,Not Recommended,225540,23506763,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Pwincess,"Honstley Just Cause 3 is a really awesome game and its distuction engine is really good too, but it lags to much sometimes it stops responding when they fix this Just Cause 3 would be one of my favorate game ranking at number 2 (TF2 is my number one though) so I REALLY hope they fix this lag issue soon."
76561198082576520,Not Recommended,225540,23507061,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,hateskrubs,I am tired of the stutters inputs not registering and how unfair this game is.So i just had to write a review.1.Stutters they happen all the time at explosions while driving vehicles etc it is just really annoying thats all though not unplayable its annoying and it just feels like a console port.2.Inputs say im in the middle of a game and my mouse stops working so i go to windows to check whether it works and it does oh and dont forget about the keyboard input lag it happens alll the time when i go to melee an enemy it takes two entire seconds for it to register and then they dodge my attack and hit me this has caused constent rage so thats just a reason for me not to recomend this game.3.This game is unfair to me whe i land in water after getting hurt from explosive barrels and there is heaps of enemys surrounding me when you land in the water it takes two seconds before you can go under water and so i almost all the time another reason is whenever you grapple on to a helecoppter and try to place a bomb you have to press like seven times before it does anything because every time you press the little hologram just moves so i usually get hit by a rebel firing rockets at the helecopter or another enemy helecopter which leads me to my next point rebels and other enemy helecopters fire at you when your on the helecopter placing the bomb or trying to get inside so you get blown off and get really hurt so that concludes my review for just cause 3 4/10
,Not Recommended,225540,29428988,Posted: 22 January,all,Rho_138,"Sadly, as many others have stated, this game is trash for the PC. I loved Just Cause 2, and picked this up during the Winter Sale in the hopes it would have been amazing like the last one. From the jump I had to drop graphics to ultra low, and turn everything off graphics wise so the stutter would stop in the opening gameplay scene.  Granted my hardware hasn't been updated in 2 years, but x-fired 7950s should be able to at least handle the game. Cut to the second scene, and it's even worse than the first. If they come back through and patch the hell out of the game, I'd pick it up in a heartbeat. Until that point in time though stay away."
76561198188950965,Not Recommended,225540,29445310,Posted: 23 January,all,VaZ,THIS GAME IS BROKEN!!!! after a year there are still tons of technical issues with this game. Its a shame after a year they still failed to fix this game otherwise its pretty good. filled with action and explosions everywhere.
,Not Recommended,225540,29411431,Posted: 21 January,all,Radical,"It's not fun. Plain and simple. Guns are boring and weak and the toolset is far too limited to create truly interesting gameplay. Side-missions are an awful grind and even main missions offer only superficial sense of any accomplishment or challenge. One of the worst open-world games I've played. I don't recommend it, even on deep discount."
76561198166871554,Recommended,225540,29436796,Posted: 22 January,all,ADawg47,"For some reason reviews have stated this game has extreme bugs with slow loading times and low framerates, even on hardware well above the recommended requirments. Me on the other hand, with a 1060 and i5 4570 have had no trouble, I can play it on max settings at 75fps with no performance dips below 70, except in extreme situations like when I derail 10 trains in one area. My graphics card is a powerhouse compared to the recommended 780, but my proccessor is below the recommended i7 3770, so I would this game is very optimized since I can play it so well on my half decent, half great PC. Also on very high to max settings this game is the most asthetically pleasing open world game from 2015. (though I think it looks good or better  than late 2016 standards.) I have a very 'generic'  rig(windows 10, 12 gigs ram, HDD, MSI z97 motherboard, up to date drivers and 2 casefans in a corsair carbide 200r) so whatever is wrong with the people posting negative reveiws' computers is a mystery. After all that I would definitly recommend this game to anyone with a similar rig to mine, can't speak for something different."
,Not Recommended,225540,29756234,Posted: 6 February,all,SUPER_STELLAR,"The only good thing in this game is the way you move around.  Using a grappling hook and wing suit and a parachute is cool. I don't like that you can't zoom at all with your guns, the characters who obviously speak Spanish as their native tongue all speak English in a country that the natives definitely don't speak English either. Also the storyline sucks."
,Recommended,225540,19431914,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Bannakaffalatta,"BEST GAME EVER!!!!This is siriously the one game i would play for the rest of my life.Some frame drop sometimes, but a great game!!!!"
,Recommended,225540,19429397,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,peps,amzainf
,Recommended,225540,19858330,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mrhasagi420,no crashes and runs fine :/
,Recommended,225540,19679102,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Prawn,"This game is brilliant! It does have it's perfomance issues especially on AMD as over time, RAM usage does increase until the game does not run and requires a restart. I am running an AMD 980 and 8 core 8350's but I put settings on low to  get the best performance as any higher and you will get horrible FPS when flying or driving. The dev's did say they are working to fix this issue but if you use AMD THEN UPGRADE TO THE CRIMSON DRIVERS I cannot stress this enough, if you do not want missing textures then upgrade to these drivers."
,Not Recommended,225540,21664791,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Git Gud Ngarud,"I love playing the first 20 minutes this game lets me play, right before it ♥♥♥♥♥ itself and destroys my computer's memory because it cares for my health and well-being."
76561198029362448,Not Recommended,225540,28406005,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,LZ,这游戏千万不要买，没中文还卡爆了，无奈退款。
,Recommended,225540,19698223,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Phozphol1c,"You should play this game, if you want to learn about how to driving like a woman. Vehicle control will make you proud."
,Recommended,225540,19533377,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Д Ж И М,"A sprinkly of minor bugs here and there, but otherwise a pretty solid PC port of a intense, fun-filled, action-packed adventure!If you like explosions, do not hesitate to purchase Just Cause 3."
,Recommended,225540,21587944,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Hymen Cholo,"Its a great continuation of the previous games.if you liked them then you'll like this.Cue run on sentence:That said theres so much hype around the dlc that i cant find any facts. Im not sure if its released or not and theres no way for me to find out because of all of the damn sponsored youtube videos that only tell you  that there is a dlc and not how to get to it, or if its even been released. it says installed on my list but i dont know where or how to get to it if it is out. for that reason im only gonna give the game a 3.5/5"
76561198183455189,Recommended,225540,22913940,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Meanwheel,Bestest
76561198222332680,Recommended,225540,28799549,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Nox Tenebris,It's just like Just Cause 2 except that it has a wing suit. Need I say more?
,Not Recommended,225540,20138243,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Zektor,"Just Cause 3! Aaahh, the most awful and ungreatful game that I ever played on PC... in my entire life. It's glitchy and unplayable videogame. It's full of issues. This game gave me a lot of headaches. I don't know what is the reason that I buy it but I HATE IT SO MUCH!! I do not recommend to buy it! Sorry, but this is my review about Just Cause 3."
,Recommended,225540,33793496,Posted: 25 July,all,Codex,"Well. I read the reviews for this game, people complained that it wasn't finished. Me, I feel like it's a game where you just blow stuff up, have fun, chill, and call a boat on the highest point of the mountain, and surf it all the way to the bottom in hopes not to blow up. Amazing game in my books, just cause it's a game about blowing stuff up, and doing stupid stuff.9/10 cause it didn't really have many story missions, and just mass AI to make things hard. Still fun though."
,Recommended,225540,33797213,Posted: 25 July,all,SGT. Major Moist,Gud game worth it if u have a good computer just cause 3 multiplayer mod is out aswell would get
76561198280889309,Not Recommended,225540,30942346,Posted: 4 April,all,AWildMoose,"This game has a great concept and is really fun, however it is SOOO Badly optimized. My computer is pretty decent, i have 2 Amd radeon Double Dissapations in it, and in stuff like csgo on full settings i get 200-300 Fps. And in overwatch at ultra settings i get a constant 60 fps. However in JC3, a game that has been out since November of 2015, it still hasent recieved a patch and runs at 30 fps if i do nothing and stare at the skybox, on THE LOWEST SETTINGS. Like im talking about 640x480 resolution, and all the settings to off/low. In action i get around 4-15 frames persecond. So dont get this game unless you have like an intel i7 and a dual gtx 1080. Well, even people with higher end computers have complained about the optimization and jc3 running SOOOO slow. Overall, its a great game, but you'll have to take into consideration the risk of having it run at a max of 30 fps IN THE MENU."
,Recommended,225540,27822886,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TwilightKillerX,"⁃ TL;DR provided at the end for convenience.The initial few hours of the game can definitely feel intriguing, with a new map and terrain to explore in the vibrant world you are provided with a new method of transport and a mass amount of new vehicles to try out.The new unlock system being introduced into the sequel of the series provides a smooth learning curve to your new abilities, varying from upgrades to game altering changes these unlocks will keep you busy for quite some time.Overall, the story is well written but at times feels enforced. With only a single method of completion being given to many missions. But, the die-hard fans of the series are all about EXPLOSIONS and CHAOS - and this game offers a plently! With a new weapon arsenal to keep you occupied you're finnaly given multiple grapples to create the wierdest tied contraptions imaginable - I personaly love making car elevators!However, once you spend a hefty ammount of time in the game - it becomes feeling empty. Once you find a method to complete the missions with ease, the game turns into a mission fetch simulator. Having to clear out area after area of similar, if not identical buildings with the same result begins to feel - unsatisfactory. Sure you can change up your method of attack, but the end result is always the same - ""Good job destroying that base, now go clear the next base."" There's no true hook except for the storyline to keep you playing.TL;DR: Great continuation in the series, interesting storyline and exploration - but lacks depth to keep you playing as you progress further into the game.Rating: 7.4 / 10"
76561198122411367,Not Recommended,225540,25030524,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,allexblake,Game will not go past the first screen. Tries to log online to servers but never connects. I have an up to date newer model pc but this game will not continue past load screen. Very disappointed that this game isnt playable.
76561198336907203,Recommended,225540,28343455,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,FS | Chngr07,The game ıs very perfect but where is onlıne ..
,Recommended,225540,33234843,Posted: 4 July,all,goka9696,"While game still has a few problems, like loading times and occasional freezes, it's a very enjoyable experience as of July 2017, since performance is pretty good. I get solid 60 FPS even during loads of action and explosions on high settings. Gameplay is smooth as butter. Some features from JC2 have been removed, like choosing your allegiance among 3 factions, but I personally don't see it as much of a problem.Game looks gorgeous.Gameplay is smooth and loads of fun.It runs well, especially considering how after all the reviews I expected my FPS to be something close to 25-30, but instead it's a solid 60 FPS.Instead of money you now have renewable beacons to summon items from rebels. While some people might see it as a more casual approach, at least now you don't have to grind for money or worry about running out of sources of income, since beacons respawn at supply caches.Overall, even though game removed some parts of JC2, in my opinion it's a step forward for the franchise. Right now, on a  75% discount, game is definetly worth it."
,Recommended,225540,25010502,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,SBthePOTATO,"People keep saying things like ""just cause 2 was better"" and things like that. But that quite simply doesnt make sense because Just Cause 3 is a more polished version of Just Cause 2 where they removed a lot of frustration to overall make this game more fun.The problem with Just Cause 3 is that even with these improvements the game is extremely similar to Just Cause 2 which people got tired of after a while. Now theyre going back to what is a very similar game and saying its worse when in reality the game itself is better, theyre just tired of the concept.If you played the hell out of Just Cause 2 and got tired of it, dont buy Just Cause 3.If you've never played a Just Cause game before, get 3 and enjoy it because its really fun."
76561198108640347,Not Recommended,225540,24707950,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Billy,It lags
,Recommended,225540,29988259,Posted: 17 February,all,Mehigh,"You didn't come here to read novels but to get your questions answered to know if you should or should not buy the game.Is this game buggy?- I run this game on a mid-spec computer and I have literally no crashes, bugs, freezes. The experience is amazing so far.Does this game have explosions?- Yes, very big big explosions, HUGE EXPLOSIONS. Trust me, they're really great.Is the pricetag worth it? What about the reduced price?- 50€ might be a little too much if you're on budget, but 12.49€ is a MUST GET. You can't get anything better for this money.Is there multiplayer or not? Steam shows there isn't.- There is a community made Multiplayer mod which is AMAZING! So yes, the game has multiplayer.How are the mechanics of the game?- They're bettter than I actually expected, excepting for the driving which doesn't feel good sometimes. But the combat mechanics and grapling hook mechanics are GOOD.How destructible is the environment?- Very, you can **** up bridges. Yes, bridges big as the Golden Gate. The scenario is amazing.Are the graphics nice? Or at least not disguisting?- They are A W E S O M E! The game looks amazing!F**k off you're liying, it may look nice, but I bet you have 3 FPS on low, you prick.- No I don't, I have a GTX 770 and the game is on High, I run it at a constant 60 FPS. The game looks nuts.Can I run this game on ultra on my potato machine?- As long as you don't buy the game just to give it a bad review because it put your computer on fire, maybe.What about the missions? How many are there? What do you think about the map?- The map is HUGE! IT IS HUMONGOUS! The environment is so beautifully designed, everything just feels so good, the game is very focused on combat and explosions and many many explosions. If you're here to cry at a touching story, you're in the wrong place. In this game we all talk one language, it's explosions.Why do you take time on writing a review you fu*k? I bet square enix paid you.- This game is getting an amazing amount of bad reviews just like GTA 5 because cry babies didn't get their little touchy story so they can drop some tears. Fu*k them, just buy this game if you like action and adventure. If you have any other questions about the game add me on steam and feel free to ask. This game deserves some attention."
,Recommended,225540,29986690,Posted: 17 February,all,Big Cook,v nice gaem well done
76561198175216533,Recommended,225540,29987300,Posted: 17 February,all,[Rakk] SenIan,liked it but pc not good enough ;(
,Recommended,225540,19492348,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,GardevoirChan,"Favorite game this year behind witcher 3,I understand the hate though the game is a bit repetitive, but i haven't had any tech issues :/The way I see itAMD= NegativeNvidia=PositiveIts sad too, cause the game is really fun although there are some things I don't like- Not very many planes and boats.. Wheres the silverbolt :c-  When I fall into the ocean, it takes at least 7 minuets before I can grapple onto a boat and go back to land"
76561198163818021,Not Recommended,225540,20243510,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,UnclePhil,STILL HAVENT FIXED THE PROBLEMS YET< CANT PLAY FOR EVEN 2MINS SOMETIMES
,Not Recommended,225540,20245525,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sh00k,not much of a review but my game is hardcore glicting. Add me on steam to help me please
,Recommended,225540,20241140,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Red_Taylor,"Get this game! The wingsuit is perfect, the best wingsuit that I have ever seen. They are yet to optimized it but most PC's can run it. I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,225540,20253364,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Doge For Lenny 2k17,I would recommend it if you have spent like 1000£ on your pcEdited:No not really.You need a good proccesor like for example i5 4400 over thatAt least 2gb on your 750 or whatever you are using
76561198128615131,Recommended,225540,20255055,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Burning Dusk,i love it! but how to get back to online mode? since the day that they said no connection i have been playing offline and i cant compete with others
76561198076142271,Not Recommended,225540,20261836,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,chillibean2002,it was horrible my computer could not run it but it could run gta v
,Recommended,225540,20258024,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Dann,"I like it alot, does anything else really matter?NOalso why is rico ALWAYS touching Dimah?"
,Not Recommended,225540,19422078,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,it hurts to live,"Pc optimization is absolute garbage and you can feel this game was made for consoles, even the menu works like it's on a console."
,Recommended,225540,19432757,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Jakey Boy,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥you can fly with a godamn wingsuit! Seriously impressive explosions, destruction physics, aesthetics, and even humour. I've only explored the first half of the starter island and the world is already incredible. It's actually a joy to travel around in. A step up from JC2 for sure!"
76561197978505533,Recommended,225540,19528156,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Aryin [DR],"So ... it's what we liked about Just Cause 2, with a few more gadgets, a nicely upgraded grappling hook ... more explosions, and so on.What's not all that good is the always ( at least it's trying to ) online part, the constant spamming about someone having beat your score at something. Couldn't care less about that part, as it's disturbing my game-experience. What this game need for me to really love it, is to make it possible to choose wether you want it or not. An on/off ticker somewhere, at least for us that doesn't care about that thing.A log over the conversations that npcs have with us would be nice as well, seeing that I often get those calls when I'm preoccupied with something, and just doesn't pick up what city/location-name I'm supposed to head over to - that, or a tiny hint on the map, I can't say I've found an easy way of seeing that yet.But with a patch in the works, they might add/fix these things I guess - time will show. It'll probably be fun for a little while anyways.Edit : About the online part ... it has to f0xxing go - here I am, flying around in a helicopter, doing a bit of ... err, acrobatics, and I find myself almost inverted and in a steep turn, and the game suddenly decide that it have to go online, even though I really thought it was ... so, inverted, steep turn, and everything stops for a while as the game tries to reconnect, and I'm more or less unable to level out when it's done ... sigh, this just can't go on.Edit 2 : Ah yes, I see that people are complaining about low fps and such - I have no problems with this setup : AMD FX-6350, Nvdia GTX 970, 16GB, running the game from a Samsung SSD on a 1080p 144Hz G-Sync monitor, can't say I've noticed anything slowish."
76561197962106773,Recommended,225540,20246395,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Charlie Juliet,"Before I started playing this game I was a fit, healthy, level-headed wealthy successful international businessman dating supermodels and racing sports cars.I am now a homeless self-pitying hideous troll of a creature who lives under a bridge with only the company of my laptop and a rather oversized rat who favours fingernail polish.  Don’t ask me why, he’s rather touchy about it.This game is dark magic.  It takes in time, and outputs explosions; cleanly and efficiently converting your social life into self-loathing.I can’t remember the last time I played a game so much, day after day, with literally no boring or slow parts.  The sheer majesty of this magnificent evil is matched only by its perfect unequalled gameplay, and endless explosions.This game is to be avoided at all costs if you value your professional, personal or physical life as you will not be able to stop playing; ever.Help me.10/10.Would not recommend."
76561198253785833,Recommended,225540,20245903,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Joey7311,I hate how all these reviews are people who are saying it doesn't work. It works fine just dont use a bad laptop. I am able to run it on high with no problems and my pc is only an I5. Buy this game!
,Not Recommended,225540,19606296,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Cactus,"Let me start off by saying that this negative review DOES NOT have to do with game play. The game is an absolute blast to play. (Pun intended) The major drawback is that the optimization is absolutely dreadful at the moment. I have a computer that should run this game no problem, and while it does run at 60 fps, I lose frames randomly, especially when moving around quickly. At times it makes the game unplayable, and I've had two crashes up to this point. Wait for some updates for this game unless you can snag it for a cheap price."
,Not Recommended,225540,19609734,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Keytone,"If you want to be a brainless action hero, this is the game for you. However if you look deeper you might be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.I enjoyed the previous Just Cause 1 and 2 for what they were, stupid little shooty shooty games.Avalanche has added very little to the mix, and for me at least, the paint has already started to wear thin.Game comes with severe performance issues.* Game stuttering for 5 minutes when exiting the game... REALLY????!* Requires internet connection, store page bears no mention of thisGame is itself poorly developed and remains arcady like it's predecessors* Contrived plot, i.e. escort missions WTF, poor mission design* Lack of meaningful interaction with rebels* Nonsensical game systems* Stupid AI* Poorly developed game* Bullet sponge enemies,* Gun Combat was unsatisfying.This is a subjective review, so you're not going to get a score. What, did you expect a number to hold any value here?I give this game aDCMLXX/VIII"
76561198030958733,Not Recommended,225540,19609981,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,AAA,"I feel really bad for giving my money to this company. They released an unfinished and unpolished game and there is still no patch.Game BSODs constantly. If you want to throw away your money - go ahead.My config - i5, 8gm ram, gtx 970."
76561198024935419,Not Recommended,225540,19606431,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,[B4L] Dr. von Rincenstein,Very entertaining bit incredibly unpolished. Runs like crap on a pretty good system that can get nearly anything to run. I'll just wait for a hopefully performance changing patch.
,Not Recommended,225540,19602639,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Amio 暴,"Severe frame rate issues prevent any enjoyment in my case, and I'm on a GTX970, 3.6GHz i7 with 16GB RAM. Should be overqualified if anything, but the game still lags immensely on Low graphics - which incidentally makes it look like a Nintendo 64 game.Hopefully fixable with extensive patching, but until then, I'd strongly recommend not buying this."
,Not Recommended,225540,26016589,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MrBriggs,"Too Bloody Repetitive! As much as this game had, decent graphics and an open world it fails to live up to the hype it got and can be seen as worse than it's predasesour, JC2. All you do is blow up bridges, and other buildings, nothing to do in the world but that. Only buy if on sale and you actually want it, otherwise stay away!"
76561198260494422,Recommended,225540,26126694,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,BrengunNZ69,"Awesome game, highly recomended by me. 10 out of 10 well done.   :)"
76561198100363229,Not Recommended,225540,28188403,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,TripppleB,"This game was dissapointing. After eagerly buying this on sale for 20 dollars I still feel ripped off. The game itself is not horrible, but with its performance issues gameplay just feels so dragged on. I have a pretty decent rig myself, and I do recieve good fps, BUT the screen tearing random stuttering just makes the experience worse. I dont know about others but my game experience is really bad with screen tearing in particular. and I also tried using the games vsync, but no the screen still tears but even worse my fps is locked at 30. I realize thats what vsync is supposed to do, but at least include apdative vsync. I run on all medium settings with an average of 50 fps. my issue is not fps but the stuttering and screen tearing.Now on to gameplay:Pros:Fun grappling systemFun ExplosionsGood graphics, if you dont get performance issuesDecent but not great airplane and boat drivingLove the grappling hookCons:Repetitive, Its like running in a circle, the first time its moderatly fun, but the second time It just feels mindlessHORRIBLE driving mechanics, I literally feel like a toy car with absolute no control with what I am doing, and the feel of it is just different not like any open world game.The story is all the same over and over. I realize this game revolves around blowing stuff up, but thats literally all you do in the end. At least in Just Cause 2 you had paticular missions that felt somewhat different, but Just cause 3 offeres no diversity at all.Now even with my negitive review I will still continue to try to play this game, Why? because I payed money for it and I dont want to waste it on this. Just please hope that the developers fix the performance issues in this game, and I would at least be able to forget how bad the story is. For me the screen tearing and stuttering just gets on my nerves.System Specs: (made it myself)i5 4690k @ 4.1 GHZGtx 760 Am forced to run stock speeds (Usually has +100 on core and +500 on memory, but this game ONLY has issues with my card being overclocked so it always crashes)14 GB RAMGame is stored on a HDD"
,Recommended,225540,28523502,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ango24,explosions...
,Not Recommended,225540,29787281,Posted: 8 February,all,Surfiken,"This game is not optimized very well with mid-tier GPUs (R9 390 OR GTX 970). The game's performance is unbearable for me to get any amount of experience for me to review it.I've been waiting for a very good fix to come in, and I can't say that my patience is pretty solid.Anytime now, Avalanche."
,Recommended,225540,29812323,Posted: 9 February,all,James Roll,I made things go boom.
,Recommended,225540,19445599,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,stribe,best game in europe
,Recommended,225540,33811569,Posted: 26 July,all,✅ RöMur | CSOFFER.ME,Its always good to blow up a couple of bridges
76561198073786226,Not Recommended,225540,20546803,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Binnyy,Loading times - very painful
,Not Recommended,225540,23343897,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Monkephant,"I've had been wanting this game for awhile and I was so happy whenever I got it for christmas,but when I first tried it I was heavily disapointed.It had all the cool gadgets and features,but it was extremely laggy.I had all the requiered parts to run it. I tried reinstalling it,verifying cache,but nothing worked and to this day I never play it because it is so laggy and just isn't fun because of it.By far my biggest waste of money."
76561198053374920,Recommended,225540,19798494,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ImAGeekNotANerd,"Things I liked:-The world is huge. Well, maybe it's not the biggest map I've played on - that would be Elite: Dangerous - but it feels huge. It's densely packed with a whole lot of stuff to do, and every square meter of it is gorgeous.-Traversal is entertaining. That's not something you can say about many games. You have your standard cars, planes, and boats, but the wingsuit is infinitely fun to fly around in! When flying about, anywhere in the map, it's clear that the people designing the terrain knew how the wingsuit worked, and they shaped the mountains, hills, and ridges to work perfectly with the wingsuit.-EXPLOSIONS! Thanks to the new physics system they're using, the explosions are absolutely beautiful. They no longer use mesh-swapping, like JC2, but now everything is a system of hinged parts and whatnot that all break under certain levels of pressure. Now, instead of using guns and bombs exclusively, you can just tether objects to each other - or to themselves - and rip them apart! There's even an achievement for taking out a whole military base without bullets!-The game features a giant cargo plane. I did some quick mental maths, and it looks like you could fit approximately 64 pickup trucks into it, if you fill up the ENTIRE volume of the plane. I can see enormous potential for ♥♥♥♥ing with your enemies by, say, putting their cars IN the plane and flying them away, or maybe dropping cars on them FROM the plane. Also, of course, the game has a cargo boat as well. It's considerably smaller, but you can use it for all kinds of crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥as well, like scooping jetskis out of the water!Things I disliked:-Final verdict: 256/16"
,Not Recommended,225540,21679190,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,A_Fuzzy_Kitten ‹₣ħ›,"AMD users should accept the fact that they may be troubleshooting graphics and crashing problems for a while when purchasing this game. I was about to ask for a refund shortly after buying it because I was having so many problems, however when in the process I was directed to useful guides to fix those problems. They worked and I played for 22 hours. Unfortunately the problems came back and this time I can not fix it. I'm done troubleshooting and tried to ask for a refund but I was denied seeing as I have more than two hours ingame. Current problems are random crashes while playing for extended periods of time and the all known graphics chunk errors. Seeing through the ground everywhere other than a short radius around you. When it works perfectly, it's a neat game. However for a finished product, I'm disappointed with how many bugs there are. Especially for being a bigger title."
,Recommended,225540,22783498,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Esseff,Destruction!
,Recommended,225540,22667822,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,AioPlayer777,This is Amazing!!!!!
,Not Recommended,225540,25549038,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Grant,"I rarely give out reviews. But I had to for this game. This is by far one of the most poorly optimized games in exsistence. Constant crashing,stuttering, and memory leak. Instead of relasing a patch they release♥♥♥♥♥♥DLC and tell you to buy more RAM. Jesus ♥♥♥♥ing christ. This game has turned me off on all Square Enix games in the future. I first started playing this game on release but gave up and thought if I came back later it would be fixed. lolno. SAVE YOUR MONEY. This game is a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥right now. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together Avalanche. I'm glad your game sold like♥♥♥♥♥♥My specsG1 GTX 1070i5-4960k16 GB RAM DDR4Z97 MSI MotherboardAND 2 HUGE ♥♥♥♥ING THUMBS DOWN"
,Not Recommended,225540,28062043,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,God Damn! skinhub.com csoffer.me,Overrated Game. Thanks Steam for the inmediate refund
76561198262906517,Recommended,225540,20048253,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Toxic_lilman csgolive.com,"It's really fun. You can pretty much do anything in the game, the map is ginormous (way bigger than gta 5), and you can do   what you want any way you want it."
76561198238336012,Recommended,225540,28626428,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,gurveerbuttar45,I just played it on i3 5015u
,Not Recommended,225540,32960184,Posted: 28 June,all,Zockerland99,"Can recommene it (for my PC with 8gb of ram and a gtx 960 4gb vram) cuz i probably got a memory leak of it, which resulted in low fps... (and i can run gta 5 on good settings at 60-40 fps...If you can get past 8gb then try it"
,Recommended,225540,19451866,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Effilo,"Simply a great game. I've not encountered any poor performance, with the exception of slightly less FPS during a particularly spectacular explosion. This is with a GTX 860M and an i7-4710hq 2.50.I've only just arrived at Insula Dracon (second major location), and so far I'm left with a very positive impression of the game. There are a few negative things, but nothing that isn't either expected (*cough*story*cough*) or that I got used to (the driving).While the game is good all-round, a few features deserves a special mention.First, the wing-suit. It's never been more fun to travel around an open world game (in my opinion), and with some practice the suit becomes like a second pair of legs, in terms of movability. Like wings, I suppose. You're basically a bird.Secondly, the (unlimited supply of) placeable explosives. It's simply fun to blow things up, and unlike JC2, you can now do it without having to worry about restocking every so often. Note that you still have limited grenades. Extra plus for the ability to drop explosives while parachuting, which, combined with the rocket boost, allows for some serious carpet bombing action.Thirdly, dual tethering. New and improved, it's more fun and creative than ever. Not much to say here, you're better off trying it out yourself.In conclusion, it does seems like performance is a bit of a gamble at the moment, but if it does run smoothly, you're in for a treat."
,Not Recommended,225540,33915434,Posted: 30 July,all,Deccimeme,"too buggy, crashes often"
,Not Recommended,225540,26379848,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,a box,"Avoid this one, even if it's on sale. It's a pure moneygrab of the developers. Get JC: 2 instead, it's in all ways superior.-♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics with low degree of customization-Unintuitive controls on keyboard/mouse: Few buttons are assigned with many functions, which causes conflicts.-Serious bugs: Random deaths because of never-ending ragdolling and other stuff.-Wonky, uncomfortable driving: Cars and especially motorcycles-HORRIBLY BAD story! It's dull and severly lacking. As a matter of fact, I can't remember a single missiion that was outstanding.-Crappy presentation of the story: No music or visual presentation other than cutscenes with poor, exaggerated voice acting-boring and repetitive story missions+the new gadgets are fun to mess around with+some challenges are exciting"
76561198085829444,Recommended,225540,20003228,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Stewie2k,This Game is real cool!But There is DLC!8/10Is this game's rating!
,Not Recommended,225540,30286363,Posted: 2 March,all,Middevyl,"Game worked fine for a few months, then they updated it and it causes my computer to Blue Screen of Death every time.  The devs seem to not care about fixing the game, Its been broken for months.  I truly regret buying the DLC for this, I haven't even been able to try it. Don't buy this until they fix it!"
,Not Recommended,225540,33999562,Posted: 3 August,all,ExBlazE,"Edit: I rewrote the review to be more comprehensive. I may have missed a few points but thank you for choosing to read.Warning: This is a long *ss review.First of all to whoever is reading this:This game is good.That being said, it is not satisfying for the hardcore gamer. I am not a hardcore gamer but I still don't like it enough. Many things are wrong with this game that don't make it too satisfying for me.Honestly, it got only one thing right. That being the ability to blow sh*t up.First of all, I'll tell you my main grievance with the game.RequirementsThis game is definitely not optimized for the PC.I have an Intel 3rd Gen i3 (3.3GHz), 8GB RAM, Geforce GTX 650 (1GB), 60Mbps (7.5MBps) internet. With all this, I've played Assassin's Creed IV with mid settings with good fps.But even with all this, the game lagged like all h*ll. Infuriatingly enough, it actually TOLD me indirectly that I have a sh*tty rig ('You don't have enough available memory'). There was no need to do that really. I already knew my rig wasn't that high-end but having it TOLD to your face every time you open up the game main menu is annoying.Along with this is the 'Performing Online Login' that pops up every 5 minutes and pauses the game with no way to cancel it until it finishes. I can't even disable it either.Joy.PhysicsThe physics in the game is just as you'd expect for a Just Cause game.It makes absolutely no sense.This is both endearing... and frustrating.Endearing as in: ""Ah... just like I thought."" or *sigh* ""Of course it's like that.""Frustrating is simpler: ""Wait, how did that-? WTF?"" or ""Wait a minute, why did that- That shouldn't have- Oh come on!"" or ""Let's just go like this and- oh WTF? What just happened?!""If you came to this game for groundbreaking physics simulation, you're at the wrong place. Go somewhere else.The physics are so ridiculous that I made Rico jump once from a twenty story height and survived with just a limp for 2 seconds. After that, he was up and blowing things up like usual.I personally have no problem with this physics simulation since it doesn't really interfere with gameplay... except maybe with driving sometimes. But it's funny as h*ll.Sometimes, it's just plain out weird though. For example, I was once driving a truck with many barrels on its back. I came across a slight bump and when I ignored it thinking that it was too small to be any significance, the truck basically did a hiccup and puked out the barrels on the back. It made no sense at all.MissionsAbsolute sh*t.Example:Finishes previous mission about blowing something up.Waits.Nothing happens.Checks map. Sees next mission already marked. Goes and starts it.In cutscene, characters talking about someone totally unmentioned before. But they talk like I (the player) was informed of them already.In short, no significant links between missions and not really fun either. Oh sure, it lets you blow sh*t up creatively than normal and there are cutscenes to entertain you but it becomes boring over time.It's short too. I spent two real life days liberating an entire region and getting 5 gears in all challenges in that region before doing plot missions but the missions for that region I later completed in half an hour.Don't get me wrong. The missions were cool to play compared to the normal blowing things up gameplay. I'm just saying it's not good enough and you get confused about the things you're doing on missions.AINow this actually I don't have much comments about.First, let's talk about enemy AI. Basically, it's CSGO bots on easy mode. As in, when you come across them, they stare you in the face for a second or three before they start firing (inaccurately at first, then more accurately).While you may think that's disappointing, it's actually a good thing. Because unlike CSGO, it's not 1vs1 most of the time. No, it's 1vs10 with enemy reinforcements. It's a really good thing that they're not that hard to fight against individually because the enemy has strength in numbers.Now let's talk about friendly AI. I'll be honest and tell you that they're both good and stupid at the same time. Good thing is that they can shoot straight at least. Bad thing is that they can't drive straight. It's kind of annoying when they tell you to do something and then get themselves killed somehow.Another weird thing about NPC's in general is reactions.See, in this game, Rico plays the role of a... uh... highly-trained badass guy coming home to help his friend's (and his own) cause, which is the Rebellion.The normal pedestrians that you meet - EVERYONE pedestrian and sometimes even enemy soldiers - know who you are. Almost all of them are like ""Woah! It's Rico!"" or ""Stick it to the general, Rico!"" or something.But enemy soldiers, even though they recognize Rico, even though they know he's attacked several bases before, even though they know he's their enemy... they don't attack until you do something violent in front of them.. Now I know this is for the sake of the game's 'heat' system but this is just stupid.Next come the story characters. While virtually all the pedestrians know of Rico, the people in the plot are like ""Who are you?"" or ""What's your name? It's Rico Rodriguez? Nice to meet you.""That's it. Nothing beyong that. It's like you're a celebrity among the normal people but a complete no-name to story characters. Granted, I've only played so far as to meet maybe three or four new characters but they were still like this.Luckily for me, I only consider this mildly unrealistic and annoying at the most.BugsThere are quite a lot. Not game-breaking, but just hindering you from your objective of doing somethingHere's the main one: I slowly land my helicopter on the roof of a building (flat top). Slowly, slowly... and then it blew up and Rico died.What?Then there are times when stuff just makes no sense and you have to do something in a different way than intended to get the required result.Stupidly annoying. Enough said.GameplayIt's a Just Cause game. You already know how gameplay will be. Grapple Hook is the main item you'll be using for most of the game. Then Parachute, then Wingsuit... then your trusty weapons for blowing things up. That's normal.Gameplay is pretty good. I don't have quarrels with most anything but since gameplay is closely tied with the physics... and since the physics don't make sense, some of the gameplay doesn't either.But it's fun so who cares.GraphicsI honestly can't say anything about this other than it's badly optimized for PC. It still looked great with full low settings but it still lagged as well.But having said that, it just means that the game will look even better on a high-end rig.The explosions look glorious even in lowest settings though so don't worry about that.ConclusionFor the players with low-end to mid-end rigs, don't buy it unless it's on a low price sale. You'll be wasting your cash otherwise.For players with high-end rigs, you'll have fun with the general gameplay but not always. And if you get the dreaded login attempt problem, you're gonna have a very frustrating time.My personal thoughts:I'm happy that I got to play this game. It was fun while it lasted before it made me unable to play with its constant attempts at online login and sync. I'm also happy that I got this on a sale and I'm sure that I didn't waste my money. But I can't recommend this game because it's not as good as it has the potential to be, due to bad optimization, bugs, play stoppers and boring missions.But I still loved the explosions."
,Recommended,225540,29459207,Posted: 24 January,all,KrazE,GTA V but fun
,Not Recommended,225540,32569411,Posted: 19 June,all,4Chan_Is_My_God_Now,"This is a good game, but it has too many problems for me to recomend it. First of all, there are online leader boards for this game that pops up when you're trying to play. The pop ups and having to log in are a mild annoyance, but the real problem with the online leaderboards is that they make it so you can't download any mods, because then you could cheat on the leader boards. This causes lots of probelms, besides the fact that you can't turn Rico into a charactor from My Little Pony. THe real probelm is the progression system, instead of getting xp for blowing stuff up or killing people, you need to get gears to get the upgrades. The problem with these gears are that to get them you need to play boring minigames. At the end of the minigame you are given a score that determnes how many gears you get. Unfortunately, the gears don't stack, so if you do a minigame and get 2 gears, then you play again and get 3 gears, you'll only have 3 gears to get upgrades with. Also, each minigame corresponds to a certian upgrade tree, so if you're bad at one of the minigames, you can't get any upgrades in that tree. Even worse, upgrades have to be earned in order, so you might have to unlock an upgrade you don't want before you can upgrade one that you do, even if the two upgrades are on differnet trees inside of the bigger tree. In conclusion, this game would be one of the best sandboxes ever if1. You could go offline and download mods without the fear of being banned2. The progression system was remadeORA sandbox mode where all weapons, vehicles, and upgrades were unlocked for you to play with."
76561198097855851,Not Recommended,225540,30432274,Posted: 10 March,all,Surfin' Charlie,"it pains me to give a negative review for this game but i'm going to do it anyways. the graphics are great, many explosions, action everywhere, the story is still♥♥♥♥♥♥and the combat could have been better but i can live with those. what puts me off is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ driving. JC2 got away with it but i was really expecting a lot of improvement in JC3. but it feels like its even worse. transportation is kind of a key thing in an open world game and one of the things i enjoy most about them. it's a shame they decided to give the game with possibly the best terrain and nicest roads PS1-tier driving physics.if you like explosions and don't mind flying everywhere with a wingsuit, get this gameif you enjoy driving around in your open world game i recommend you buy something else"
76561198144711098,Recommended,225540,30435862,Posted: 10 March,all,᠌ ᠌Doge,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,225540,21667767,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,cashew,I am having a great experience but since I have a Core i3 I do have some trouble with physics
,Not Recommended,225540,20503887,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,MANister,"Even with a GTX 980, lowest settings and latest drivers,  I coulld only get a steady 60 FPS when looking at a wall without moving.Want to skip a cutscene? FreezeMoving to fast in the menu? FreezeAlt+Tab? Black screen of death"
76561198214413027,Recommended,225540,33984188,Posted: 2 August,all,Żupan,Some random guy: I bet that you can't mix GTA and Far Cry...Avalanche Studios: Hold my beer
,Not Recommended,225540,29978707,Posted: 16 February,all,Hambed_Burgerman,Garbage game disables my controller and makes it so I have to reboot to use controller again. Also caused my computer to crash upon first boot.  Only game besides Starbound that has made my computer crash. ONLY game to disable my controller. From what I've read I'm not alone and it doesn't effect everyone. Buy at your own risk.
76561197971161368,Not Recommended,225540,21843392,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Bliff,"this is a joke. if you had played batman arkham knight, this is anouther of those cases but with this game its not being dragged through the mud like i should be by the games media. just look at this post on the steam forums thats also a stickyhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/225540/discussions/0/485624040227751780/its unbelevable this game is even for sale and all they want to do is push out dlc. wtf happen to avalanche mad max was a good game and just cause 2 is so much better than this gamei have a 980ti a i7 975 with 6gb of ram on win 10 and when the setting are on low and only on low i can get by with playing for a short burst before i get so frustrated with its frame drops and the stutters that happen every 5 minsDO NOT BUY THIS GAMEif they fix this i will fix this reveiw"
76561198202886971,Recommended,225540,21844333,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Maxf52,Amazing just pure action and explosion you dont even need to do the campaign!
,Recommended,225540,21844208,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,CaptainWaterboy,"I can see you questioning to buy this game, but trust me on this one, this game is really going to blow your socks off. Even though it is true that the game does not work ""perfectly"" on pcs, but on my laptop with lowest settings (which still looks incredible), you can still get the full feel. I am really satisfied with this game, and if you have a somewhat reliable pc, this is a game that should be on your list.9.5/10"
76561198002148336,Not Recommended,225540,33529447,Posted: 13 July,all,Burns92,"Doesn't even start, ffs. Blank screen on load up and it doesn't seem to have any fix for AMD users. The game opened once and got stuck at the opening screen where I was asked to enter my email address to get updates from Square Enix."
,Not Recommended,225540,30000799,Posted: 17 February,all,#TeamStark,"the ♥♥♥♥ is this optimization? this game is unplayable.i can play GTA5 on settings almost all up to ultra, yet this, even on the lowest settings its ♥♥♥♥ing awful?dont waste your money on this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,225540,32654076,Posted: 22 June,all,Roadapathy,"This is a great game and the multiplayer mod works extremely well! Just Cause 2 was a beautiful game with an attention to detail while Just Cause 3 is much of the same, only with bigger explosions! Loves of things in this game A) Explode and B) Fall down into a twisted tangled mess. Also, the voice actors and characters are very likeable- unlike GTA V. Good game and a steal for the sale price."
76561198313393608,Recommended,225540,32775350,Posted: 25 June,all,Deathzecon,"In concept it worked well. In execution it was a buggy mess. Although I can look past that.At least personally all the bugs have been inconviniences so far. The game is really creative, fun, the handling isn't the best but overall I enjoy it."
,Recommended,225540,19570572,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Syzygy,"Just Cause 3Is it a good game? YesIs it agreatgame? YesIs it the best Just Cause?No, Just Cause 2 is better. This is because whilst Medici (the country in Just Cause 3) is indeed very beautiful. It's devoid of exploration and things to do. This is also because features are locked behind ""Challenges"" so if you want to aim properly, better get doing challenges! Weapon and vehicle drops are arbritrarily limited by beacons, and to get more beacons you have to do challenges as well. Parachute too slow? Challenges! Car boost too slow? Challenges! Challenges! Challenges!Right, enough about challenges. Is it a fun game to play? Hell yeah it is, as long as you don't burn yourself out on liberating settlements. The various copy and pasted towns in this game are fun to liberate at first, and then you've liberated around 20-30 of the same looking town.On the otherhand, bases are a lot of fun. They seem to be the only interesting locations in the game. You dive in with your parachute into bases hidden in caverns, up mountains, and by the sea. This is the game shines, liberating these bases. Another reason why they're fun to beat is because of a little radio announcement afterwards by the brilliant David Tennant. ""We shut down X because of mould! Mould can be pretty deadly, vive medici!""The land vehicles in this game handle like toffee. I seriously had to plump to drive the Formula 1 car because despite it's ludicrous speed, it had the best handling and I could drive down a road and turn a corner without veering off and exploding. Helicopters on the otherhand handle better than in the previous Just Cause games and they are really fun to use. Nothing beats flying up to base and unleashing a rain of missiles upon it's sorry occupants all whilst dodging missiles from other helicopters and SAM sites on the base.Medici itself is beautiful, it feels more like a country than Panau did from the previous game. The problem however is that despite it being gorgeous, there's nowhere to really explore. There are little audio tapes and vintage parts for two types of guns and an aircraft scattered around, however there's no incentive to look for them yourself because liberating a province gives you the location of them all. On the other hand, that's better than combing through everywhere just to find audio tapes. That'd be infuriating.The wingsuit is a new feature. And I love it, it quickly became my number one method of travel and sometimes whilst I was taking in the breathtaking scenery below me I managed to slam myself into the ground, so be careful. Other new features I'm not so keen on. Especially the Square Enix online feature. The leaderboards are a neat concept but I'd rather be without them because my internet can be shaky, and so the game pauses every so often wondering ""Do you want to try log in or go offline?"" *pick go offline* ... 2 minutes pass and I go to check the map ""trying to go online! enjoy watching me for the next 2 minutes unable to do anything haha!"". About as evil as Di Ravello.Speaking of Di Ravello, all the voice actors in this game were really good, and I mean really good. Mario, Dimah, Di Ravello, Annika, Teo, Rosa Manuela, and the radio man played by David Tennant did an excellent job. The cutscenes were a joy to watch and I never found myself wanting to skip ahead and get back to the action. The story on the other hand, it's not so good. It's not bad per say, but it's nothing above the ordinary either. You'll probably forget it in a week or two. The story missions can be infuriating. They're mostly ""Protect X and/or Y!"" and with the random open world nature of Just Cause, stuff can go wrong without it being within your control.The soundtrack for this game is great. It really can set the mood and the ambient music really helps ease the pain of parachuting/windgliding somewhere about 8km away. Give the soundtrack a listenhere. You'll enjoy it, promise.Optimisation wise, the game works on my machine. However with a lot of people who aren't as lucky as me to have a 980 GTX bruteforce the poor optimisation, it might be worth buying the game to see if it works and refund it if it runs sluggishly. The Devs at time of writing are working on a patch so who knows what optimisation might be in future.All in all, if you enjoyed Just Cause 2 and are itching for more flying and blowing chit up. Buy Just Cause 3, but only if you're confident you can run it. If you're new to the series then get Just Cause 2 and then move onto Just Cause 3. Or you could do it the other way round. Either way you're getting a fun great game."
,Not Recommended,225540,32764337,Posted: 25 June,all,𝓢𝓱𝓪𝓭𝔂,Just Cause 2 was a wayyy better game. Downgrade D:
,Not Recommended,225540,21687373,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Lepmtg,"game is unplayably bad, in that it does not run properly. no sound, stuttering, low fps, crashing. if there is an issue you can think of it likely exists on this game. shame because it looked really promising"
76561197960344344,Recommended,225540,29294631,Posted: 16 January,all,coltos,"Just Cause™ 3 has some annoying bugs here and there, but those are completely obliterated by the badass mechanics and the tons of sandbox goodness it has to offer. It well worths even the full price."
76561198070409155,Recommended,225540,22899404,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Vashta Nerada,"okay ... so here my review:-i have no lags, only when switching in offline mode (crappy internet usw)-sometimes it crashed, but isnt that bad as everyone's writing-SquareEnix forces you to play online, that is really really annoying.-story is ... well okay it is just cause so dont ask.pros:-BOOOM-tanks-MOAAR BOOM-you can blow up almost anything-you have mini-nukes when finishing the story-a perfect summary of the american military doctrineif you have a decent PC with a nvidia graphics card, buy it. buy it and feel like mr. tourge reworked GTA."
,Recommended,225540,29237316,Posted: 13 January,all,Shadow,"Explosions! Much explosion!This game is a mess... In a good way! Just enter Medici and let Rico bring the chaos!Pros:- Amazing graphics- Much fun- Open world- Much explosions- Wingsuit- Grappling HookCons:- Needs a powerful machine- Weak story- Farily easy game- ""Disconnected. Trying connect to connect to servers"" (mid-mission)"
,Not Recommended,225540,29351111,Posted: 18 January,all,Steve,This game is terrible. The controls are unusable and the gameplay is tedious.
,Recommended,225540,23749261,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Elphienis,"100% Legit> walking along bridge> get run over by train> wtf> decide to get revenge> go back to bridge> slightly damage start of bridge> wait for next train> one arrives> front carriage cannons into the sky> explodes mid air> sure, why not> not looking at rest of train> empty jet lands on me and explodes (trains sometimes transport vehicles)> die> so f*cking done with these trains> go back to bridge> demolish in multiple places> hide further away> trains come and crash> many explosions> decide to explode every remaining train carriage> get in tank that was being transported> kamikaze off bridge into carriage> miss completely> going towards damaged pillar> fall through ground> fall for a few seconds> hit water> sure, that makes sense> can see objects above the ground> weird black walls everywhere> swim into one> go straight through> screen is completely black on some angles> the rest of the time black wall goes invisible> this is where it gets even legiter> weird merman swims up to me> tells me he is a rebel and from the sea part of the earth land and sea dlc> invites me into his mer-car> sail/drive for hours> tells me about his life> slowly dying of lack of f*cks> decide to drown self to end the pain> exit vehicle> die10/10, would drown self instead of listening to rebels again"
,Recommended,225540,19414241,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,GreenTieGuy,"I have waited since the day of preorder release date till this day on the 1 of december 2015 . I have not watched a single video because i believe it would ruin it. But i can 100% recommend this game for it is literally the best game i have ever played, witnesses and touched. If you are bored and have money to burn then get this game and love it as much as me."
76561197970619404,Not Recommended,225540,29885542,Posted: 12 February,all,Tozen,"The collectables from 2 were replaced by infuriating experience-breaking mini-games, that although were present in the 2nd installation, were completely skippable with no ill effect. Now those of us who HATE races are trapped power-up free due unless we play the parts we dont want to. I play these games to shoot stuff and blow them up, not drive a honda civic through alleys of a city to an arbitrary time limit.Nice new features on the hook, plus the wingsuit do not remotely make up for the mini-game death this has become. Even the plot feels a bit more sparse than the 2nd game's... overall I am very sorry I purchased this."
76561197992180148,Recommended,225540,32549460,Posted: 18 June,all,47Time,"Driving anything on land is crap in this game. At least the explosions are ok and there are dozens of hours of play, even with no driving involved, so I can't help but recommend the game. Too bad the optimization is also poor and it needs a good rig to work properly."
,Not Recommended,225540,19478087,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Frogler1,"anyone with AMD cards dont buy this, you cant see♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
,Recommended,225540,19893635,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Seo_,"Deployed Wingsuit.Kissed Mountain.""10/10""  IGNGame Of The Year."
76561198171410706,Not Recommended,225540,20038643,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,hellcase.com King,"Not in it's current state, stutters every 5 seconds even on the lowest settings and the "" Connecting to Square Enix server"" every 2 seconds and it doesn't even work, so you waste 5 minutes of game time waiting for it to fail to log you in."
,Not Recommended,225540,20076187,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,sdrft1,"This Game is broke. I see the starting screeen then boom crashes. I mean come on, if you are going to make a game that is broke dont relese it. I am unhappy that i cant even get the game started up. It looks fun to play but i cant becvause it is broke. I find it rediculous that games now a days are relesed with seaminly no content for if it works or not. Please fix asap!!!Edit: Finally got the gamew to work. my sugeston is to put it in a boarderless window. Still the game is awesome till you get to the third island, then the content lacks alot 6/10"
76561198111382790,Not Recommended,225540,20541060,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,alcon70,"Short and sweet, the game doesnt work. ive held out on doing a review for a long time hoping that this would be fixed but apparently no one cares enough to fix it. The game runs as if it was in slow motion, constant frame drops, and the entire ground flashes black and white. The game is so messed up it needs a seizure warning, this is a pile of crap. ill say otherwise if this is ever fixed, but untill then, dont waste your money. You would have a better time playing the slaughtering grounds."
76561198263078723,Not Recommended,225540,20665206,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,XTitanSpartanX,"Dont waste your time and money to buy it, took me 30 hours to download and didnt even work ♥♥♥♥ THIS♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197986986251,Not Recommended,225540,20905290,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,✪Yttmp,Not worth.
76561198023071856,Not Recommended,225540,20048021,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ajmartin,"Not compatible with Windows 10, sadly. :("
,Not Recommended,225540,28988573,Posted: 3 January,all,scoobertd00bert,"What a disaster, a terrbile reaction."
76561198382103287,Recommended,225540,33850780,Posted: 28 July,all,jimbob26111,Amazing distructive amount of fun
76561197968555000,Not Recommended,225540,32774484,Posted: 25 June,all,Redavatar ™,"Does not work! At allplayed ~ 30 minutes and had fun, was never starting again aftherwards. tried reinstall, deleted savegames, repairinstallation, nothing. spent my whole weekend troubleshooting this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now i have to go to the delightfull process of refunding for the game and every dlc i purchased in the pack. One by one. Steam servers laggy as hell because of summer salel, this will take another 2 houres of my free time. DO NOT TOUCH THIS GAME!!!"
,Not Recommended,225540,21655197,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ApuXiS,I played this game on a i7 4790k cpu 8 gb RAM nvidea MSI gtx 960 gpu PC and its laggin!!?!? I think i have to discover the map more i think;D But the game is fun before a explosion the game is crapy
,Not Recommended,225540,28758072,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SIN,"I don't like the unfriendly control of this third person gameplay, especially on cars and turret.The graphic feels outdated.The optimization is poorly done.There isn't much besides explosions"
76561198027616275,Not Recommended,225540,28380645,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Vereth,"I experience constant frame rate issues and flickering shadows. I have a mid range gaming PC and I have spent more time attempting to fix the flickering issue, without any type of success, than I was actually able to play the game. I would not recommend getting this game, unless an update comes out that addresses the graphics issues."
76561198015501636,Not Recommended,225540,23825770,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,jofert,Dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc
,Recommended,225540,22729713,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SuckCumOutGirlsAssLikeABongRip,would you like some gameplay with your explosions?
76561198156629146,Recommended,225540,25646805,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,X.T.R.M.,"AWESOME GAME ! HUGE MAP , MANY VEHICLES ,BUT NEEDS SOME MORE OPTIMISATION."
,Not Recommended,225540,19999640,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Radi0raheem,"First time I ever requested a refund on Steam, which is awful considering JC2 was one of my first and still most beloved Steam titles.I sincerely hope they fix the massive issues in this game so I can try it again in the future."
76561198184755009,Not Recommended,225540,20289884,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,QuiteTheSpice,"What I felt when it was announcedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pXfHLUlZf4What I felt when I played it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FjWe31S_0gWith a bit ofhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wE0uhqaxS_ENuff said.The game itself is great, but the port, the port, my I7 and GTX 860m get about 20 fps on low with constatnt freezes and stuttershttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBK9O5nDJlMSquare Enix Employes ""hard at work"""
76561198124216141,Not Recommended,225540,20670663,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,JAVI,i have a 750ti 8gb ram and i3 3.20ghz and i got a solid 35 fps on 1080p medium low settings but the game drops in fpss at the dumbest moments not cus explosions just simply for no reason
76561198152105648,Not Recommended,225540,20874150,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Trist.xn,"The game has the potensial to be amazing and i really want it to be good, althoughwhenever i get on it crashes at the way beggining. The patches aren't seeming to help until they can get a patch that helps. I would love to help this game and be positive about it, but it alway keeps crashing and making me and a whole lot of people wanting their money back if they dont do anything about it. Right now, im in the middle for the rating but i gave it a negative from the crashing."
76561198019543451,Not Recommended,225540,20631149,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,IamTanit,"Look I loved Just Cause, and that may be part of the reason why I dislike three. The island looks fantastic, the explosions are nice (If you have a computer to run it). The new wingsuit mechanic is very fun to play with.My biggest problem is the atmosphere. You know those villages you see in the distance in other games? Thats what I feel like every town in medici is based off of. My 14th hour is my last, not even completing the game, because while the campaign is long, the island is hillariously small. Not in size, but in content. The cities and towns in Just Cause 2 dwarf anything in Just Cause 3.I guess I feel like I should get more than 1 star heat for wiping the capital, and home to main villian. But hey, thats just me."
76561198081329961,Recommended,225540,19421246,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ALL CAPS,"Right now I recommend the game, but not entirely.Pros:Story-wise, it's the same as the other two Just Cause games: dictor rules nation, up to you to liberate said nation. New and old characters meet up, and this game's dictator is a LOT more ruthless than the past two (like right off the bat), so it's a lot more intense. Add that Medici is Rico's home, giving a little bit more urgency to missions.Gameplay is so much better in this JC3 than before. You can now use the grappling hook to make two objects smash into each other (instead of just attaching them like in JC2) and traveling without a vehicle is even more fun with the new wingsuit. You can grapple to a high building, deploy the wingsuit, and zip to locations in a flash. You can also switch between wingsuit and parachute at any time, making the travel possibilities endless.Gunplay has changed slightly that now you automattically dual-wield two pistols/ sub machine guns, and you carry a 2-handed weapon, a ""special weapon"" (which can be anything from a rocket launcher to a a grenade launcher to other special variety weapons), and mines that you can plant. You also carry grenades that you can throw while holding any other gun. When zipping to enemies, you now to a high speed kick, with the damage increasing the further out you were before you zipped to the enemy.Upgrades in this game are different from JC2 as you don't have money in this game, but you still have gears. However, instead of finding them, you gain them through the numerous and fun challenges that are spread across the map, which you gain after liberating towns. There are also random ""encounter"" type missions, which happen in real time while you are traveling around.Vehicles, while still not totally required for travel, operate a lot better, and there is a higher variety to boot. Flying in helicopters feels a little bit wonky, but that just maybe me.Graphically, this game is beatiful, and the music is fantastic as well. The dry humor of Rico and other characters return in full force, and the different locals of Medici are fun to explore.Cons:Framerate dropping is an issue. For me, it doesn't happen that often, but when it does it's VERY disorienting and annoying. Hopefully there is a patch soon.For some reason, if you pause longer than 15-20 seconds, when you unpause the screen while freeze while the game continues. You have to alt-tab out of JC3 and then go back into it for the screen to unfreeze. Might just be me though.At current state, 8/10. Don't let occasional framerate dips stop you."
,Recommended,225540,19465136,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,FAK3R,Great game that expands on everything that was done right in the second part.Not sure why this game has so many negative reviews. It literally performs better than fallout4.  (at the time of this posting)GG Steam community.
76561198099182985,Not Recommended,225540,19438572,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,param_d1989,"The graphics are amazing but game has lot of issues. I'd suggest waiting for patches prior to purchasing this game.Cars aren't drivable since the handling is so poor.If you prefer flying, planes and helis aren't any good they feel like static toys in the air, not a very good experience."
,Recommended,225540,20057575,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Angry Gamer,prosexplosionsexplosionsandexplosionsandrocket c4 gadget thingdid i mention the EXPLOSIONSconsfps drop every now and againbeing online in game causes fps drops
76561198128402600,Recommended,225540,22728937,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,[LP] HeadShotHarry,love it best game ive played
76561198150016681,Recommended,225540,20269607,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Powerup21,"I want to start off by saying this game is great! I love the game, love exploding things, love the wingsuit, it's all awesome!I looked at the reveiws before buying the game and it was hard for me to decide to buy it or not. It was on sale for like 15% off so i went ahead and bought it.Here's what I've come up with so far:Pros+-Exploding things are awesome-I love being able to fly around and get to places quickly-The map is pretty decent sized-Offers a good amount of play time-The physics of the game are pretty nice-Graphics aren't too badCons--This game has a ton of bugs that need fixed-Exiting to windows has crashed my computer everytime(Ctl+Alt+Del will fix it for me)-After pausing the game, it will take minutes for the game to load after i unpause it-It freezes like crazy. All the time.-It needs an offline mode, I don't care about the freaking leaderboards(game stays online)-It doesn't have really good controller support. It switches to computer layout while my controller is plugged in- ^ That gets annoying- And lastly, after changing graphics options, things get messed up quick. I changed the water detail from (very high) to (high) and then the water disappeared. I had to exit the game(which crashes computer) and then come back into it for the water to come backSo in summary, the game is fun but it needs a lot of fixing. I would suggest buying it after the bugs have been fixed. until then, it will drive you insane."
76561198072191023,Recommended,225540,19427742,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,LΣΣ⌠Φ¥ ⌡£∩K▌ⁿs,"Amazing, it runs great (on intel, who buys Amd anymore?) Looks amazing, and the game is really well made and fun. The only problem I have with it is that my cursor is offset sometimes, so I have to click an inch to the left or right of something to actually click on it while in menus or the map. This has to do with my resolution, and by fiddling with it I can sometimes fix it. Other than that, the game is amazing. I look forward to never emerging from my house again while playing this."
,Recommended,225540,19429851,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Vincal20,"incredible game, best open world out there.map is gigantic"
,Recommended,225540,19443531,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Biggie Cheese,Apparently amd ♥♥♥♥bois can't run the game. Haha10/10
,Recommended,225540,19428931,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,haXy',"9/10I barely had any Issues with the Game so far. Gameplay feels smooth, 0 Performance Issues and i encountered only one Bug. Some visuals are sometimes glitchy but you barely notice them.The only part i don't like about this Game is the way how Bike Handling works. It feels very delayed and it bounced around randomly which throws you of the Track real fast. This is really frustrating, especially on the Race Challenges."
,Recommended,225540,19430261,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,bnjmn,"Disregard negative reviews involving performance issues... I have a gtx 970 and an i5 4690k and it runs above 60 on high almost all the timeApart from when there's a lot of explosions or AI or something obvious likeThat. MyFavorite new release of 2015 so far, loads of content and it's not repetitive... I thought it would be sorta repetitive going into it, but it really isn't. Maybe it is repetitive but I can't really noticeIt, what with it be fun and all. Really dissapointed that the game gets bad reviews solely because people can't run the game on their outdated systems or haven't installed the new drivers."
,Recommended,225540,19447893,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,[BoTM] Anorax,It’s difficult to judge this game according to Steams binary thumbs up or thumbs down but after 7 hours in JC3 I give it a solid thumbs up with a 7/10 score. It’s not a bad game by all means but Avalanche could have done more to flesh out the game. In some ways it is frustrating because they have given us a beautiful game with superb graphics and sound but is let down with the lack of more detailed gameplay options.One aspect I absolutely love is the new physics engine within the game and how the grapple works. A good portion of my time has been spent finding new and interesting ways to cause chaos with the grapple. You are only limited by your own imagination.I’ve had one crash in 7 hours of play and I suspect this was caused by the Steam overlay. The game runs smoothly on my GTX980 but I did turn off vsync to smooth out the framerate.The challenges are more fun than I was expecting The scoreboards were annoying at first but now I find they encourage me to set new records within the game. I like the gear unlock system for upgrades and mods. I also like how you can turn mods on or off depending on need. One big improvement is the heat system which is a vast improvement over how this was handled in JC2. In JC3 I actually have a good chance of escaping the enemy and reducing heat with a clear indicator of what the enemy is doing to find me. It also helps that within the games urban settings and landscape there are plenty of places to hide and reduce heat.The storyline is basic and won’t win any awards. It basically serves as a guide to areas you need to travel to and cause mayhem. Ultimately this game boils down to one thing - blowing things up in creative ways.
,Recommended,225540,20029194,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,KamiXaqui,"The year is 2015, Medici: you play as Rico Rodriguez, an mexican-italian plumber with superpowers who can glide, fart parachutes, summon explosions and shoot cobweb from his wrist, also, he has a nice beardEmbark on an epic action adventure packed with beautiful graphics, italian accent, great amounts of land to explore and EXPLOSIONS!"
,Recommended,225540,21251901,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,TrunDurPalace,My Maikl Bay is ready for action!!!
,Recommended,225540,22724869,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Dr_Zesiro,Want to blow stuff uo and generaly be an idiot then get JC3!some repetitive story missions but the story and gameply are greatthe vehicles are good to and the DLC are good toReally recomend
,Not Recommended,225540,28404388,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Matthew2846,"Don't bother.It was meant to be patched to fix the dire performance issues, but it really hasn't improved.Constantly low frame rate with audio and FPS stutters at random intervals.If it didn't perform so badly, this would be a good upgrade of Just Cause 2.Refunding it now."
,Recommended,225540,19557429,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,DapperWisp,"A Short review of Just Cause 3 (Not actually that short)- Found a Soap box derby car- Raced a guy down a hill til he stopped at one of the rebel military bases (R.I.P Soapbox mcgee)- Continued to roll another 10 km down to a garage- Found I can't put Soapbox car in garage to call in0 out of 10 for Soap box drops11 out of 10 for Soap box adventure...In all seriousness though. This is a solid game for those who can actually play it IMO. Here are some pros and consPROS- Destruction and explosions that would make michael bay proud.- All ricos toolkit have improved.- Vehicles / vehicle systems have been massively improved.- Voice acting is improving, characters are now mildly entertaining (Especially Mario).- Map is slightly larger than the other one.- Quality over Quantity, less settlements than JC2 but does not feel over crowded.- Graphically beautiful.- Soap box and F1 cars.- Doge Mode.- LeaderboardsCONS- Graphical bugs (Not personally but people have been having them)- Can be a little stuttery when blowing stuff up.- Sometimes feels like there can be a little less to do if you were all about the amount of blowing up in Just Cause 2.- World can fel smaller as there is less roads (although they are more beautiful).- As usual, story is terrible and while the characters were more entertaining, I barely cared for most of them.- Leaderboards can be confusing and there is seeming no option for global leaderboards.- Explosions lost a little of their bass which can make them sound a little less satisfying.All in all though, this is a solid play at the moment once bugs are fixed. If you are a little unsure, you may wanna take the risk or just wait til a sale. So far this is the best just cause for single player so far. If you are looking for multiplayer you are best looking at Just Cause 2 as the leaderboards add a little competition but that is all. If a multiplayer mod is released for this then it will be well worth it."
,Not Recommended,225540,28993470,Posted: 3 January,all,stickmunkee,"I loved Just Cause 2.. I spent a lot of time playing that game, and even more time looking forward to Just Cause 3.Straight to the point: This is a very poorly made mess of underdeveloped mechanics. You're thrown into the beginning of this game killing government  military for no aparent reason, presented with a dozen characters at once, and dropped into a sandbox that for some reason gives you very particular missions that have very little explanation, and very poor communication as to what you're actually doing...This game is buggy. Its visuals are a blurry mess even with motion blur turned off and with a high frame rate. The grapel hook sometimes sends you in random directions, and often gets you stuck floating on top of terrain, or stuck to the side of a building, unable to move.  Within minutes of starting the game, I got a vehicle stuck under a broken tank, unable to move at all until I died and the game crashed. Just Cause 3 is probably the most poorly made game I've played this year, which makes me very sad :("
76561198155046970,Not Recommended,225540,20037082,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,JamezENG,I would probably love this game... if i could play it. Me along many other people who use amd graphics cards seem to just not be able to play it. I dont know the full story but lots of people (I mean lots) cannot play it for longer than 3 mins before it crashes or is just unplayable. I just got a refund for the game and lots of people have. Its not because my or other peoples computers aren't capable enough.. I can play star wars battlefront on my PC at high settings without ANY interuptions. But please buy the game if you dont have an AMD graphics card and you will probably have a good experience. The developers seriusly need to sort this one out and quickly.. lots of people want their money back.
,Not Recommended,225540,23671813,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,creation club creator,"I don't recommend this game because it's basicly the same as the previous Just Cause games with better graphics, different story and a few new things I also think they are getting out of ideas considering they return back to Just Cause 1 map."
76561198009447995,Recommended,225540,26123852,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,mrbax77,Fun game! No issues.
,Not Recommended,225540,26434806,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Vegolath,Full of bugs!!!!
76561197971510573,Not Recommended,225540,33207673,Posted: 3 July,all,Fire Miser,Somehow everything drives and flies worse than Just Cause 2.
,Recommended,225540,24912229,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Robin Dabank,"I started taking over everything on the whole map in this game. Then i realised that i haven't done any missions.I also see alot of reviews about the frame drops.. But this game runs smooth as a coconut.10/10 Very fun game, dunno about the missions but ♥♥♥♥ them."
,Recommended,225540,19402996,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Shogo,Someone finally managed to make a game buggier than Bethesda ever could.
,Recommended,225540,23988860,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,vankasteelj,"There's a fun, explosive and action component to this game. I would recommend it, but I have some grudges against it that are worth noting : it's heavy, more heavy than GTA5, I'd say about twice as heavy (sadly not twice as beautiful, far from that); the vehicle handling is just terrible, it pains me to say it.Otherwise, the fighting is awesome, the grip'n'parachute combo is magical, and the windsuit is a nice addition to the videogame world. Don't expect the game of the year, but I guarantee you're in for dozen of hours of fun... if you can run it!The freaking connectivity to the servers is terrible, making the game a pain to play, because it absolutely wants to reconnect everytime (yes... it is an offline solo game ffs)Also : ♥♥♥♥ that last steam trophy, in 60+ hours nobody even dared me to anything. It's an offline game ffs !"
76561197971291372,Not Recommended,225540,29444740,Posted: 23 January,all,Nitrowolf,"""Just Crash 3"""
76561198000480907,Not Recommended,225540,24021476,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,john,"Doesn't launch at all on my machine,even though it meets the minimum requirements. Steam refuses to refund me for it, because I bought it in a bundle. That's probably illegal where I live, but hardly worth taking a lawyer.Just avoid this game unless you know for sure that it runs on your system, and you'll be fine."
76561198038830972,Recommended,225540,19442137,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,trucking45,Loving it. A great addition to the Just Cause series
,Not Recommended,225540,26191248,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,YvonnePewPew,"Just Cause 3 is a fun game for the casual audience. Something nice to sink an hour or two, but no more longer than that. The longer you play, multiple jarring issues turn up one by one.The ridiculous physics has been sort of a given for the franchise and it is fun for the most part, until it starts fighting against you. Drive down the road and hit a tiny curb, guess what? Your entire car just fly straight up. Clipping rocks or other vehicles may either stop you dead in an instant or send you rocketing and spazing in the air. Imagine all these constantly occuring while doing the numorous racing challenges.Which brings to my next point. Challenges, which are required to compete inorder to unlock MODs (little abilities such as nitro, more beacons to spawn your desired vehicles, etc, you know, the fun stuffs) are repetitive, annoying and in some cases bugged without any sign of acknowlegment from the devs (That infamous bomb run anyone?). Not only that, but come-on Just Cause.. Your gameplay mechanics for races etc, has never been good. You are strong in blowing stuff up and not taking yourself seriously, what is with the time challenges that require high amounts of tolerance, patience and seriousness?The world is beautiful, though somewhat bland as world interaction is limited to acts of liberation and the annoying challenges. Sure there are little 'encounters' that require you to tow a vehicle or escort an NPC, but they are limited and feel recycled and repetitive after awhile. The AI is incredibly block headed as usual, not giving a care in the world if their car has been rammed or if there is a race going on. Oh, and while the whole game is about liberating your people, the rebels have not qualms about you mass-shooting them. Go wild guys.All in all, if you are a compleationist hoping to achieve all collectables etc, prepare yourself for a blood boiling experience. For the rest, it is a game that is fun to play, though not meaningful or memoriable as past itterations. But one thing is for sure, the voice acting has gotten better."
76561198291702305,Recommended,225540,30602304,Posted: 18 March,all,daltonbain6,really good and fun game and graphics are amazing
76561198070965033,Not Recommended,225540,19417693,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SirStorm,"Disguisting lag, do not buy in its current state."
,Not Recommended,225540,24316046,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Capt_Nomad,my rig can handle all game with ultra !this ?medium got lower than 30fps♥♥♥♥ you!too late for my refund !olo
76561198097947950,Not Recommended,225540,33949186,Posted: 1 August,all,Napalm,"Don't get my wrong, the game itself is PROBABLY awesome if you could launch it.After many many tries I gave up on it I was just not able to start the game. I tried everything but nothing worked"
,Not Recommended,225540,27303451,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scabloonshki,"OK WHAT. THE. ♥♥♥♥!!! First I am greeted with a message saying that I need to register for a square enix account to play even though it's on steam, and on top of that, the game DOES NOT START UP AT ALL without crashing, it is completely unplayable. I will take my refund thank you."
76561198150903415,Recommended,225540,29237896,Posted: 13 January,all,derpy_gote,"this is an awesome game if you have a good computer. the reason everyone likes to hate on the PC port is because they cant run it in full rez with highest graphics on their cheap dell laptop. i bought it on sale for a while ago, ive put a ton of hours on. also bought the sea/land/air expantion pack after a couple months, definately worth the money. i honestly just hope you check the system requirements b4 you buy it because it sucks to waste 60 bucks on something that runs like sh*t on your computer. trust me, i have plenty of experience with that."
,Recommended,225540,27869477,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Razer,"If you liked and enjoyed the previous just cause games, then this one is definetly for you.Im playing this game on GTX 1070, 16GB RAMS,Intel Core i5 with no issues (Had no fps drops at all with the settings on max) So, yeah, get this game while its still cheap xD"
,Not Recommended,225540,30009770,Posted: 18 February,all,codylgill2003,it keeps gliching and the mimory thing is still going on do not get this game its a waist of money
,Recommended,225540,27035458,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MomMo,amazing graphics
,Recommended,225540,22523503,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Aphex (Back In December),"Just Cause 3 stands for freedom and fun. Every gameplay element is working towards one and the same goal: doing whatever you feel like. Just Cause 3 is simply a game you must play, it would surprise us if you wouldn't like it.90/100"
76561197970559069,Not Recommended,225540,23469463,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Arvad the Mad,"got this game bundles with rise of tomb raider. Played tomb raider for day it took to download. This game crashes to desktop immediatedly after the stupidly long, unskippable first screen (on the beach).so... can't even start to play it. I have asked for a refund from steam, but was refused because i played it too long.( Ironic since i haven't played it at all).(played ROTR).Anyway, doubt that a human being even looked at my refund request.Buyer Beware at steam.PC gaming is in a sad state, everyone involved( except possibly GOG ) spends more time decidind how to sell your private information, and rip you off with DLC (what we used to call the rest of the game), than the time spent debugging and ensuring customer service."
76561198098289033,Recommended,225540,19442132,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Nine Kittens,I threw a sheep at a mountain using a helicoper.
,Recommended,225540,19446847,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,venomtail,"This runs on my i3! This game runs on my i3! This mother♥♥♥♥ing game runs on my i3 550!!!Congrats to the dev team & NVIDIA.Gamewise it runs smooth, really loving the wingsuit, the story is fun and cheerfull. The slightest bumb on the enemies car or tank and they immediatley explode!9/10Still got a long way to go and finish the game, can't wait! ^^worth the buy if you love messing about, blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up a fun story."
76561197966146491,Not Recommended,225540,19501458,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,LaZ,"Worst port I have ever seen!Avalanche Studios have rushed this game to the point where they want it to be in time for christmas. They should do what Square Enix have done with DX4 and delay the release to iron out the bugs.WELL DONE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S, THIS GAME SUCKS AS IT'S VIRTUALLY UNPLAYABLE ON PC!"
76561198047900573,Recommended,225540,19439901,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Espen,A helicopter and 5 enemy cars were chasing me over a bridge. I used the grappling hook to hook the helicopter to the bridge then retracted the chain so the helicopter crashed into the bridge breaking it completely. All the cars following me just fell down with the bridge 10/10
,Recommended,225540,28060742,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,markshields26,this game is fun but it runs very poorly on my pc
,Not Recommended,225540,29976928,Posted: 16 February,all,FredtheFailLord,"Clumsy default controls, wildly varying AI, an overabundance of protect/escort missions, and intrusive online integration all conspire against a could-be-fantastic open world game.Mission design is consistently poor, naval units seem to have laser accuracy while on the waves (even compensating for CoF increases), and the AI calls in reinforcements constantly, not even waiting for the current reinforcements to arrive.  This really messes with the flow of combat, and forces the player to do what's efficient over what might be fun or inventive or engaging.The map is beautiful, the soundtrack is pretty good (I'm personally more of a fan of JC2's), and it performs well on my system (max settings except AA and blur effects, 1440p/60fps on a 1070).  If the battle flow was better thought out and if missions weren't variations on ""don't let this pants-on-head-stupid AI die to waves of enemies), this would be a great game"
,Recommended,225540,19571123,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Pandatron25,If u have the of to run it it's amazing. Great game in general. Supper addictive.
,Recommended,225540,19809657,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Woof115,"A cautious, cautious recommendation. I have completed the game, 100% for all missions, challenges, and collectibles. The verdict for recommendation of Just Cause 3 is a complete yes for users with high-end machines...but if you haven't got one, do not buy this game...yet. Patches are taking a while, since the developer is trying to avoid another Batman: Arkham Knight. As for the game itself- the missions are immersive (though Annika is a retard), the challenges can be boring at times, and you will stop at nothing to get every collectible in the game. The focal point of this game is it's physics engine, which is one of the best I've seen in a AAA game. It is a shame the developer put so much focus into the missions. The gameplay is far better than the story, and it should be far better than the story. This game did not disappoint me, but the performance issues could tear this glorious game to shreds."
,Recommended,225540,31636657,Posted: 8 May,all,Mr. Saturn,"This game is good but one warning goes to anyone thinking of buying it: you need a good computer to run it. Even if you have a good computer, it will still take a long time to loadNow that we have that aside, we get to the gameplay.Pros:-you get to soar like an eagle-the flying mechanics are fluid once you get used to them-lots of vehicles-a huge map which flying a jet across is actually a good idea-the fighting is really fun, especially with mechanics such as grappling enemies to explosive or grappling onto enemies and kicking them-the gameplay is overall entertainingCons:-storyline isn't the best, but is still pretty good-the weapon slecetion isn't that bigconclusion:overall it deserves a 8/10 because while the gameplay is fun, a game that is centered on flying around mowing down and blowing up enemies should probably have more than 7 base game primary weapons"
,Recommended,225540,23999868,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,king_crazy44,Spent 2 hourds tethering people and throwing them off cliffs.10/10
76561198322158941,Recommended,225540,28885969,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Heez703,Great game! but I found a bug i can't shoot it just turns my body around when i try to shoot i redownloaded the game but nothinghappens help me plesase
,Recommended,225540,28886119,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,eliteAlpaca,It's a great game!
,Recommended,225540,28921281,Posted: 1 January,all,MT7 | Evil_Hat,"---THIS REVIEW DISCUSSES PERFORMANCE---It doesn't run bad if you don't tend to run your games on a potato rig. The real problem is that it doesn't save your progress to your computer. Rather to an online service of sorts. (Although, if you are offline, it will resort to saving to the computer). It also has some sort of memory issue, as it runs on vram and not your actual ram, so I can see how some people are saying they can't run it well. Otherwise, this game isn't that hard to run. I even got it to run on my old AMD Radeon rig, although if you plan on playing your games on one of those, you should probably upgrade immediatly."
76561197992505580,Not Recommended,225540,20657115,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,peterf83,Badly optomized. Does not support SLI / Crossfire. Far to easy to beat.
76561198098363923,Recommended,225540,19550807,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TARDZZ,this game is so fun!!!!!!
76561198026174212,Not Recommended,225540,19417832,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Xenon,♥♥♥♥ Bike races...
,Not Recommended,225540,25956600,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Nightmare,one of the worst game in 2015
,Recommended,225540,23811124,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Musabbeeeh,great game
76561198011670906,Not Recommended,225540,25100098,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Og,Officially the only game ever my comp plays terrable. Im sure the game is great.
,Not Recommended,225540,19508172,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Tony Bamanaboni,"I'm in love with this game.... but it's hard to recommend it in the state it's in.Pros -+ Graphics are great+ Gameplay is fun (including the new wing suit)+ The Open World is pretty amazing to explore+ Vehicles are WAY better in this then they were in Just Cause 2Cons -- Missions can bug out pretty quickly- AI is sometimes either too smart or too stupid- Massive amounts of fps drop (Even noticable on my GTX 970, but not as much)- A lot of graphical glitches (not very common but they do happen)- Movement is pretty iffyOverall:Buy it, only IF you are a long time fan of the series and you have a PC that has pretty high specsDon't buy it, because in the state it's in now I'd recommend you wait until they patch the gameSo yeah, I have to say NO this time but not because it's a bad game, it's actually pretty good it's just so messy at the moment."
,Not Recommended,225540,26436596,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Mr Bump,Loading screen...loading screen...loading screen...loading screen
,Recommended,225540,27264460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shitles,Explosion simulator 2016.
,Recommended,225540,32127070,Posted: 2 June,all,AndreVongy,Just Cause bro
,Recommended,225540,19455237,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,SIÐÐUÐ | ᚴᛖᛏᛏᛁᛚ,Michael Bay simulator.10/10
76561197970408752,Recommended,225540,28365069,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,squishysdomain,"One of the best games I played in 2016.I wrote the above only so I could tick the ""recommend"" box.  However I am amazed that people actually do read the comments so let me expand;  I had already played Just Cause and Just Cause 2 so I was expecting this game to be good.  Actully JC2 was going to be hard to beat but somehow they did it.The secret is the grappling hook.  Before it was already awesome; there is litterly nowhere on the map you cannot go and forget getting trapped in the scenery (I'm looking at you Mad Max).  But now with the new features of the grappling hook its even more awsome.  Grapple a Nun walking down the street, then grapple the side of the building, then tighten the rope - result? one nun hanging from the wall.The user interface is the best on any game ever.  Get into a car, a bike, a plane, a helicopter, a boat and they are so intuitive to drive you just do it The GTA series could learn from this!  The grappling hook is the same - grapple a helicoptor, hang underneath it, swing over the side, pull out the pilot and take over the helicoptor - simple!This missions are fantastic.  There can be a 100 bad guys but the grappling hook will get you out of trouble in a second, and back in again just as quick.  Two cars chasing you? - just attach them to each other and pull the string tight - no more bad guys.Most of all the game is fun. I remember at the end of an intense evening I launched myself from the highest mountain with only my parachute and spent ten minutes gliding over 10km to the other island while admiring the schenery, all the lights lighting up the night-time sky. Truly breathtaking.I played it through completely, twice, in quick succession.  That for me is a good game!"
76561198068241358,Recommended,225540,28351082,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,TawnTawn8,"This game was fun for full price and i got a lot of enjoyment playing through the campaign and exploring Medici, for 75% off this is by far worth the money"
,Recommended,225540,28420729,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Dread Pirate,"6 hours straight in this game and it ran beautifully! I was sceptical to buy this because of all the bad reviews. But took a chance since it was only 15 bucks. Also bought all the DLC content.  This game is a ton of fun! Zero performance  issues, no flickering, graphics look awesome in 4K ..."
,Recommended,225540,30015720,Posted: 18 February,all,NotSoysause,Just get mods.
,Recommended,225540,30017060,Posted: 18 February,all,Camerooni10,"Everyone says there is a crap ton of bugs. They also say its laggy and crashes alot. There is a simple solution: 16 gigs or more of ram. My sytem specs are well under the recommended requirements, but i have 16 gigs of ram. Otherwise, my game never crashes, never drops below 60 fps, and there is little to know bugs. Highly recommed this action packed, detrustive. and full of explosions beuty of a game."
76561198017476043,Recommended,225540,30015268,Posted: 18 February,all,PhreAkAxoiD,Xplosive FUN!
,Recommended,225540,20433628,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,KHM,Beutiful games. The graphic are amazing. The games basically a action movie creator. But do not get the game on a laptop because it will not work so get a PC.But overall you should 100% get this game.
,Not Recommended,225540,28179730,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Akash jayaprakash,wow...this is the worst Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥   game i hav ever played...Regret that i bought this piece of P00P  ...Dont buy this game.
76561198135486506,Recommended,225540,32087906,Posted: 31 May,all,Gnome Child,I love this game i love flying around in a wingsuit shooting huge missles at my enemies and shooting everyone in the face i also love shooting missles from my rocket powerd wingsuit(its a dlc to do that) and yeah ITS SUPER FUN
,Not Recommended,225540,21687475,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Your Bae <3,could not launch game GG
76561198065305951,Recommended,225540,24945003,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,neidlinger.l,"After playing for a bit, I realize I should have waited until this game went on sale.I'll start with one of the best things this game does. It does not punish you for jumping ahead or finding your own way to do something. The completely open environment and grappling hook means you can find just about any way to complete an objective, there is no guiding you a certain way (however, stealth is basically out of the question.)Now the not so good things. The game is fun, but repetative and not polished. The control mapping for the PC has to be completely redone when you start the game. Things like Control being the back button in menus, why? And shift is handbrake, instead of Spacebar like every other driving game on PC. Instead, Space is the ""jump out of your car and watch it explode"" button. A minor annoyance, but remapping controls gets tiresome when there are about 4 different keys that will make you jump out of a vehicle.The grappling hook is cool and very helpful, however, it seems like it fights you at the most inoppurtune times. Sometimes when you hook to the top of a building, he will automatically jump up on top of it, sometimes he will jump, not make it, and just fall, and sometimes he won't jump and you have to shoot over to somewhere else.Finally, the worst part of this game and many like it, the artifical difficulty. Things like enemies calling in reinforcements. An enemy can be on fire, ragdolling through the air after you shoot him with a tank but he can still finish calling them in. There is also the impossible spawning enemies. You can walk down an alley, look around and make sure no one is there, turn around and be shot from behind. An enemy will magically appear. These things don't make the game more challenging, they just make it more tedious."
,Recommended,225540,24962058,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Ray,"->tldr : Buy this game if you have a good pc otherwise save your money.Its a good fun open world game with tons of stuff to do and blow up, a huge progression tree. the problem with it is more technical than gameplay,-DRM is annoying you have to connect online to the game servers which makes loading a bit longer, i usually go offline on steam before starting the game just to avoid this.-Sometimes the game doesn't recognize the gamepad i have to unpluge and pluge (xbox1) controller multiple times for the game to reconize it-When i bought the game( summer sale)  i had gtx 970 with 8 GB ram i couldn't keep fps above 60fps it used to drop below 60 in explostions and the game is about blowing shxt up. I upgreaded to 16 GB ram it improved my FPS around +10 fps, then upgreaded to gtx 1070 now im getting 100-70 fps.I recommend you watch TotalBiscuit (WTF is just cause 3 ) for more indepth preview of the game."
76561198124428756,Not Recommended,225540,19477414,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,tombom3009,With my Nvidia GTX 960 I have many fps dopps from 60 to 1-4 fps on all graphic settings
,Not Recommended,225540,19450175,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Ghost of Arfus,"This game is a buggy mess. The performance is bad on a GTX980, i7-5930k, and 16GB of ram with frequent drops below 60 fps at 1080P.The always online “feature” does not work and disconnects are a constant, causing long wait times while the game attempts to reconnect to the online servers when opening the map.In addition to the performance issues and defects, all of the interesting upgrades are locked behind boring challenges that are repetitive and uninteresting.Buy JC2 instead."
,Recommended,225540,19948286,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,zYkIE!,Can attach people to people and create silly little love stories !
,Recommended,225540,19931792,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,AvengerArts,Same as Just Cause 2... :\
,Recommended,225540,19956762,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bledixon 路西弗,If you like expolsions that have their origin in an explotion that started because of twelve other explotions you'll love this game!
,Not Recommended,225540,33680347,Posted: 20 July,all,Better Than You™,"Just before liberating my last region all my data went to hell and i can only start a new game, recomend if ypu want to have joy and later lose your♥♥♥♥♥♥and have now will to repeat all this stuff again"
76561198009485170,Recommended,225540,25011419,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,DirtyBongWater,"I have played for about a hour and a half so far. No problems, no crashing. Decent frame rates and no lag. As far as the actual game play. I will write a review in a couple days. After I beat it."
,Recommended,225540,25011218,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Switzerland Sam,"Bought this game just for the Wingsuit. The story is intensionally cheesy and the combat ridiculus. Dont fight like you would in any other game, just improvise and use all the different vehicles.9/11 would jump out a transport plane with a lamborghini at 10k feet altitude"
,Recommended,225540,19526251,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Herp Tim,This is a great game for the fans of the series. The only things I don't like here are the weird vehicle models and the camera. The rest is fine.
,Recommended,225540,33818241,Posted: 26 July,all,Undercover Potato,Good Game.
,Not Recommended,225540,24250806,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Gimzod,"Ah, Just Cause 3. I've waited this game for years, even before it was announced - because I knew there was going to be a sequel to Just Cause 2, I was certain, I'd played it and played it and played it on my old Xbox 360, and before that on a friend's PS3.But how does Just Cause 3 hold up to its predecessor?Well, I have to say, I'm enjoying JC3 more than I ever have enjoyed JC2. The setting, the graphics, the sheer destruction... even the driving was improved, even though it only went from ""dreadful"" to ""plain bad"". The wingsuit is a lot of fun, blowing stuff up is even more fun, the world is both great and large - what else could you possibly ask for from a Just Cause game? They even tried to have decent voice actors and a semblance of an actual B-movie style plot a little better than the second's, what would you know. Although I'm miffed by the lack of faction missions, the challenges, the increase in story missions and the expansions make up quite well for the lack of them. True, logging in is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you're downloading something, so you either pause it or go offline... nevertheless, there's ways around it.So what's my final judgement for this game? Well, it's big, it's fun, and the characters have an accent an Italian like me finds ridiculously funny. I'd give this game a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-*A fatal error occurred in the graphics driver.**Code:38**Result: 'Device removed, Reason: DXGI_ERROR_DEVICE_HUNG: Graphics device stopped responding. There might be an infinite loop in the GPU*"
,Recommended,225540,20032080,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,neleson_,.
76561198045875991,Recommended,225540,21676999,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,XxXmoronicXxX,good game very high actionsometimes you get bad fps
76561198069069541,Not Recommended,225540,19427022,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Does this offend you?,"In the games current state, no I would not recommend it. Im on an Nvidia card, still doesn't play well."
,Not Recommended,225540,29164246,Posted: 10 January,all,ThePerfectDon,Not very optimised for PC.
76561198093874965,Recommended,225540,19443437,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Master oogWay,Sound glitch anyone?
,Recommended,225540,19460225,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Swiftyy,This game is a good game. Yes it does have its bugs ang glitches every Just Cause has. I am sure working together the makers of this game and the GPU companys will fix this issue. This game needs a good pc and the people who are buying this game are giving it a thumbs down because there PC's can not run it. It clealry states that you need a beefy to run this game but people are buying it when there PC's are ****. Personally i have an i7 4790k with two GTX 970 4GB GDDR5 and i can play at max hitting and hitting 60 fps and no dips. So overall i recommend this game if you have a good PC. ;)
76561197999469742,Not Recommended,225540,21190084,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ghostman,"I hate this game. So, so much. Not because the gameplay itself isn't fun... it is... it really is. The problem is, Avalanche has once again released a game that is utterly broken and crashes CONSTANTLY, which is frustrating beyond words. I can't go more than half and hour in-game without crashing to the desktop. And don't get me started on trying to change video resolution in-game. In short, that's a guaranteed crash, every time.I'm having flashbacks to Just Cause 2, where even now, many, many years after its release, it's still buggy as hell and is plagued by frequent crashing. Based on Avalanche's response to those issues, I think it's pretty clear that they don't give a damn about the stability of their games, and I think it's safe to assume that they will never release the updates necessary to fix the problems with Just Cause 3.My advice: don't waste your money, unless you enjoy the frustration of crashing every 20-30 minutes and having to wait several more minutes to relaunch the game and actually start playing again. If I could get a refund at this point, I most certainly would."
76561198015271387,Not Recommended,225540,21259719,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,crusadurus,It has been 3 months now and I still cannot play the game. Really?
,Not Recommended,225540,21317641,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ZNow,"AMD Radeon R9 200 / HD 7900 Series, Intel Core i7-3770k @ 3.50Ghz, 8G RamUnplayable."
,Not Recommended,225540,21146436,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Ashish-RSi...,"Not recomended from me, untill it gets fixed..."
76561198214617496,Not Recommended,225540,21410783,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,brian21v,"I really liked Jc2 because it felt really well developed so i bought just cause 3 the first day of release. Now i regret buying it at all. First of all, i couldnt believe what a let down it really was once I played a couple of hours into it.To start, it grabs your attention immediately and is really fun. The explosions and gliding around with your wingsuit are pretty enjoyable. The grapple is as it should be and the mods they give you for it also make it worth trying to do the challenges to unlock the extra tethers. The mini game challenges are about the funnest thing i can even say that catches my attention.If you've ever played played just cause 2 then im sure you probably know how easy it is to get sucked into that game. Not with JC3. The cars are not driveable AT ALL unless you plan on driving a scooter. They dont  want you to drive, but instead glide around the entire map. And the map is garbage. Barely feels half the size of JC2 with less detail. It is fun though so dont get me wrong but it is only half the game of the previous ones.Remember the big cities in JC2  and the deserts and the all around breathtaking sceneries, well prepare to be bored by the same landscapes and hardly any variation.Overall i wanted to like this game, but i just could'nt. It was a big let down so i stopped playing it all together.If you really want this game just wait for a sale so you can save some money because it isnt worth sixty dollars"
76561197990858593,Not Recommended,225540,21426851,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Chipmonkey,"This is difficult. I want to recommend but I can't in the game's current state.The combat is fun and if you liked JC2, then you will enjoy this. There are some strange omissions at the beginning of the game; such as not being able to zoom in for precise aiming until you've unlocked the right to do so. Annoyingly, Rico moves like an old woman when he walks on any vehicle (This includes yachts and sailboats). There is no more Dodge/Roll mechanic in JC3. But there are plenty of tweaks to the controls that make Rico's movements more fluid. This is hard to describe as it is the way his animations flow together and how button presses feel with his actions. So I say the controls have improved, overall.The Story still takes a backseat to the action, which I'm fine with. Although, the did put more effort into the production of cutscenes. It does looks nice, but I can't remember the reasons I did any of the missions (other than the generic: Save Rico's Homeland).Now the real problems:Technical issues! When the game released, you would be forced to stop playing because JC3 lost connection to its ""always online"" server bull$***. But don't get your hopes up; the is no multiplayer. It exists online for scoreboards. And every time it would update the scores, the game stuttered badly. This problem is mostly fixed now and, to Avalanche Studios' credit, it was fixed in about two weeks. They were on top of it.But the game still does not run well. JC3 continues to have CtD (Crash to Desktop) issues from bad memory leaks. The game stutters frequently (for reasons I can't figure out), no matter how I tune the settings. And I meet the described hardware requirements (i5-4690k; 8Gb RAM; GTX 670).TL;DRFun game but I can't recommend it when the game is so poorly optimized. If you have a beastly computer, you may be okay. But I would avoid it if your GPU is more than 2 years old."
,Not Recommended,225540,21195940,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,mistake,Locking progression behind tedious minigames made this game go from a 9/10 in hour 4 where I was conquering territory and progressing the story to a 1/10 in hour 5. If you're going to make a openworld game STOP DOING THIS.
76561198071985751,Not Recommended,225540,21141084,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,RLPD I ProximityKill,I actually cant progress though the main story due to my graphics card not being able to run this game :D{GTX 960}[EDIT]Ive since bought a GTX 1070 and with every setting max i get no lower than 20 fps. which is sad that you need something like  that to run this game
76561198181980762,Not Recommended,225540,21185810,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,pinecone,I personally think this game is boring.
,Not Recommended,225540,21266014,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,[Spec]DredCthulhu,"Imagine that, another poorly optomized port, two months into launch ram still ramps up and causes crashes. Still crash on exit even though that was supposedly fixed in the fist patch. And still no water.♥♥♥♥♥♥is pathetic man."
,Recommended,225540,32927876,Posted: 28 June,all,kustt nite,explosions in hdthats gud
,Not Recommended,225540,33989829,Posted: 3 August,all,Cobalt,"I rarely leave reviews, and when I do, it's for games I enjoy. Something is very wrong with this game. I loved Just Cause 2! I was really hoping that this would be just as much fun, and it is when the game isn't inexplicably dropping to 12 FPS and staying there until I close and relaunch the game, randomly crashing and generally feeling as if it’s a bit incomplete.This game has been out on PC long enough now that these issues should have been fully addressed. If the FPS issues and crashing weren’t a thing, I’m sure this game would be a lot of fun to play, but as it stands, this game is pretty awful on PC."
76561198068658011,Not Recommended,225540,20144450,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Xerox,Not recommended for anyone using AMD graphics. I am running an Fx 6300 with 16gb of ram and an R9 390 and can not run this game smooth what-so-ever. AND PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD I DONT WANT TO GO ONLINE.
,Recommended,225540,25443623,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Camden,I love it but remember this you will NEED a good laptop be careful.
76561198067073629,Recommended,225540,20454028,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,BUTTERWUZRD,"justcouse is a super fun game and big maps, eastereggs and mutch more but i want a multiplayer just llike just couse 2"
,Not Recommended,225540,20454283,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,PuffPuff,"Honestly, I was really looking forward to this game.However, it sadly runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Even though my system didn't quite meet the recommended requirements.It still gets 10FPS on low graphics quality. So unless your computer is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, don't buy this game.I'm so glad steam refunds exists."
,Not Recommended,225540,23896887,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Onogo,Only buy this game if you are ready to return it and get a refund.I bought this on the sale and even though my specs are way above recommended the game still failed to start up.
76561198083315257,Recommended,225540,20248188,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,kaustabkar01,"game is not that bad optimized, i am getting 45-60 fps in high settings with gtx 750ti oc at 720p, but there is connection issues and a little bit shuttering."
,Recommended,225540,20255446,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,The Rampant Goat,Blow up everything and look good doing it! This game is a perfect combination of action/adventure and ridiculous antics.
,Not Recommended,225540,32965624,Posted: 28 June,all,nat,"It's not good bad performance, no borderless windowed mode and wanky controls and movement, refunding it....."
,Recommended,225540,30392821,Posted: 8 March,all,G3N3RAL ZOD,"Wanna Looking For Explode Some S**T ? Then This Game Is For You. Vast Open World With Wingsuit, Grappling Hook And Parachute Makes You Enjoy Roaming In Beautiful Medici. Such A Beautiful World You Can't Ignore Exploring It. Story Was Average. Buy It On Sale. Worth Buying In Sale.Pros:1. Amazing Beautiful World.2. Explosion Like Never Before.3. Tons Of Exploring Objects.4. Fun Side Missions.Cons:1. Weak Story.2. RAM Issues ( Better If You Have RAM More Than 8 GB ).Personal Rating: 8/10."
,Not Recommended,225540,20279417,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,S_Blackheart,"game plays like a console. Clunky and annoying. Navigating the UI is crap with keyboard and I'm unable to use the mouse. Graphics are decent, gameplay looks enjoyable but if I can't navigate smoothly and feel like I am stumbling around just to figure out the simple things... ruins gameplay. You would think game devs that release games for PC would finally recognize this but it seems these programers failed completely. I am sad about this and requested a refund because of their lack of care to understand this simple concept."
,Not Recommended,225540,24123989,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nicolas Cage,Play Just Cause 2 insteadIt's more funAnd it runsat over 20 fps.
,Not Recommended,225540,32704252,Posted: 23 June,all,whitegrimreaper,"This game refuses to run correctly on my high-end computer, and leaks all my open RAM when I try to close it. Wish I could get a refund..."
76561198080854190,Not Recommended,225540,32696736,Posted: 23 June,all,SKEPP,"Now, I would recommend this game if I had the chance to play it. From the screenshots I saw during gameplay, it looked nice, the map is huge, and there is possibly lots of stuff to keep you busy.Conclusion, don't buy if you have 8GBs of RAM. They are not nearly enough for what the game actually uses. Don't be fooled by the specifications tab at the bottom of the store page, please."
,Not Recommended,225540,30875595,Posted: 1 April,all,AlexTRONIC,"I regret every hour of playing this. Could have been a good game, but its the worst.Waste of money and time. I tell you, you can buy something better on the store than this.Pros:Fun for a few hours while trying out new game mechanics and stuff.The graphics, scenery and enviorment is coolExplosionsRetracting grapples and tetheringRebel Drop system over Buying-with-money like in Just Cause 2WingsuitMilitary Bases are unique.VehiclesCons:Huge map isnt favourable if they are going to keep over 60 % of it empty.All settlements look the same, only their locations on the map vary.Cars handle okay, bikes handle like♥♥♥♥♥♥Story missions are sh!t, boring and it feels like you are only completing them to unlock something.Challenges: Bugged or in some cases deliberatly programmed to ♥♥♥♥ with you.LOTS OF BUGS.......Biggest problem among others is mostly known to everyone [PERFORMANCE ISSUES] so wont say much about it.See for once you can sacrifice graphics over story, but cannot sacrifice performance...This game has the gameplay and graphics but no story which is un-interesting.FIrst i thought the final boss fight of Just Cause 2 was stupid and lame. [But was interesting than 3]But now, Just Cause 3's boss fight was even worse.NOW DLCS:The development team has but the least efforts into the DLCs, or just made them only because they planned to make.1) Sky Fortress :The Bavarium wingsuit will add a few hours of fun.There are 4/5 missions but they are just : go here, destroy that, thats itthe Air ship looks like a toy. Terrible DLC Story. Ending was♥♥♥♥♥♥No rendered cutscenes2) Mech Land assault:The Mech Combat will add a few hours of fun. Bases are cool.The New island of Lacrima is boring and dull.Only two missions and again♥♥♥♥♥♥story.No rendered cutscenes3) Bavarium Sea heist:Worst DLC of all time. No fun hereLoochador and the Eden Spark are OP af and makes combat too easy.No rendered cutscenesShitiest story or i can say no story at all.+ more useless addon kind of DLCs"
,Not Recommended,225540,30646523,Posted: 20 March,all,_M4xthegamer1701_™,"I love This game so much, it has such a good concept, but the execution is overboard, i have one of the best graphics cards you can get, and this game STILL runs at 15 frames a second on a normal day, if i get lucky, i can play it smoothly at 35 frames a second (Still not nearly close enough to 60 fps as it should be), but the gameplay its self, is a total 10/10, graphics on low quality, 10/10, everything, just everything, 10/10, but the massive lag knocks the entire game down to 3/10.3/10 - Unless you have a decked out, beast, graphics card made by some alien race, dont spend your money on this game, because the lag takes this good game, and kills it."
,Recommended,225540,30892651,Posted: 1 April,all,Sulerium,"This game keeps the player satisfied for quite a long time even after beating it, also imjust trying to get the badge."
,Recommended,225540,26838560,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,۩   Manhunter   ۩,You can blow things up10/10
,Recommended,225540,21550921,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,DeadEd,"Only thing I don't l iike about this game is that I have completed it, 100% on all acheivements and I am sad, I just want more!  Man, this was fun.  I thoroughly enjoyed JC2 and have been looking forward to JC3 ever since I finished that.  Pre-purchased it, counted down the months, the days, then the hours, and then I had to go away for a couple of days ... typical.  Well, got back and downloaded, fired it up and got lost in this insane, fun, chaotic world.Physics are fanstastic, despite the feeling that sometimes Rico just doesn't want to do what you are telling him to do sometimes. There are a fair number of graphics glitches, boxes floating in middair, characters vanishing mid scene etc but nothing that makes it too unplayable.  I found one race mission where a train just kept coming off the track and breaking up in front of me, slamming me, killing me, and even blowing up the car.  Even a helicopter flying literally uphill once as I drove over a ridge and landed on it ... mission over. It can be frustrating at times but that at least made for some of the fun ;PI'm really looking forward to some more content, and perhaps some progressively harder enemies to help prolong the game time a little :)  Yeah, I'm a sucker for punishment it seems. but totally hooked on this one :D"
76561198088610820,Recommended,225540,21525133,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,bumpman123,went around wingsuiting into juggernauts so they fall over and make them get balloon heads and kicked them whilst blowing up stuffthen i went home to play just cause 3 and did the same again500/10 would do it again
,Recommended,225540,21539253,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,✪V1to -Yousif Lootah-,"explosions, explosions and more explosions!this game a extremely creative game they are many ways you can go with this game because it is simply just magnificent and the graphics are breath-taking and the domino effect in this game is so satisfying imagine throwing 1 grenade into a millitary base and a few seconds later you see explosions happening all over the baseand if you think this is fun waiting till you get some mods installed but with this much fun there is bound to be some downsides in the game and sum of them come from the story mode which is repition and that almnost every mission is a repition of another one and the game also came with technical faliures such as lag and ocasionnally the game would crash but overall this game is really fun to play and i recomend it to you"
,Not Recommended,225540,21524353,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,itsgerardguys,"This Game is really fun. BUT, Where's the fun Just Cause 2 had? Im currently playing this game on ultra/max settings, My FPS is peeking at 120 to 95 FPS due to memory leak. Checked my task manager on Windows 10 and i found out that it is using 15 GB out of my 16 GB/93%-100% of my RAM! Why?!!!!! Tried using or turning on vsync but still experiencing stutters or FPS drops!!! Im using a badass gaming pc but it still stutters!!!. And where is the performance update you promised to release! Played and finished the game but bet my♥♥♥♥♥Im not anymore going to trust those avalanche devs! Not Recommended!!!"
,Recommended,225540,21525362,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,sedition,Slingshotting enemies into the ocean has been the most enjoyable way to dispose of enemies in years. 10/10
76561198161832612,Recommended,225540,21531014,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Batstone11000,Can do anything at anytime and nothing bad is in the game like in gta.
,Recommended,225540,21547179,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Corbenik,Good game. Feels like playing GTA5 with superheroes power like Batman(fly) and Spiderman(grapple hook)
76561198142386628,Not Recommended,225540,21528189,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,RustableObject1,"First of all I must establish that it is a fun game. But it does not handle well. My PC reaches the requirements but the game still handles terribly at times. It just ruins the fun when your framerate drops down to the single digits. At first I hoped they would push through optimization patches, but lets be honest, they won't. They have your money and they don't care. The game developers have worked on more dlc than just making their game playable.Would  not recommend unless you have a beast PC.Fix your god damn game."
,Recommended,225540,25824633,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,misxal,Attached a booster to a cow's♥♥♥♥♥ I think he's in ♥♥♥♥ing space.
,Not Recommended,225540,28349664,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,itsBinq,Really wasted my money with this one...
,Not Recommended,225540,19410908,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sid,"This game as of now, is only lag, fps drops, and black screens. For example, after an hour real time I had gotten five minutes in the game from all the freezing and fps drops the game was having.Please fix this."
76561197971335306,Not Recommended,225540,19421720,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[KGB]Sirex2003,"JC2 was one of my favorite game... And this one is a disaster:1) Bad optimization,2) Rare crushes.3) Controls realy drives me crazy.4) Annoying online features (Very long game start, and lost connection notification).Now about gameplay. Well, it looks like broken:1) Phisics... Hiting objects that you cann't see.2) Tanks moves veeery slow going up the hills.3) Wingsuit faster than fighter jet?!4) Closing wingsuit is a skill that you need to unlock... Worst idea ever.5) Civilians spawn inside police zones and military compounds.6) Camera losing sight inside vehicles in some cases.7) Falling through ground.This game has lots of small problems ruining all the fun. Better wait for the patch!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19425112,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Saareth,"I skip ""bad optimization"" part, cause my computer can handle this game, but its story kinda awful, wingsuit buttons are reversed and it's just stupidier then 2nd part more then 100%. Just don't buy it, it's not worth your money."
,Not Recommended,225540,27749180,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,President Trump,"THE GAME WON'T LAUNCH, trust me i have tryed everything the game still won't launch i have tryed to verify intergrity of the game cache reinstall the game restart steam and my pc PREINSTALL WINDOWS contacting the game support (wasting of time) they just told me to verify integrity of the game cache what i did at first place and didn't work changing my screen resolution and even more and the game still won't run and steam won't refund me the game as i already played it 34 hours i have payed money for the game and now i can't play it at this point just give up because there is no way how to fix the game just uninstall it from ur pc and thats it."
,Not Recommended,225540,35068318,Posted: 19 September,all,Ur_a_faget,the games is just broken and the controls are just so ♥♥♥♥ing wierd and gives me a ♥♥♥♥ing headache.
,Not Recommended,225540,35025944,Posted: 17 September,all,ForzaAgainst7,"Somewhere along this game's lifecycle, a patch was rolled out that actually caused the game to be more broken than it was at release.  90% of the time, this jacked-up piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥won't even launch anymore.  I didn't have a single issue playing this when it first came out.  Now it just hangs and freezes as soon as I click ""Play"".  Stay far, far away from this broken abandonware."
,Recommended,225540,35032487,Posted: 17 September,all,Blushilicious,"ever wanted to play ""Computer Crash: The Video Game""?"
,Recommended,225540,31460407,Posted: 30 April,all,Sir.Edlin,"This game is pure FUN! I love the art style, story, a TON of content and EXPLOSIONS :) Highly recommended!"
76561198119459076,Recommended,225540,31493725,Posted: 1 May,all,Killer™,"NICE GAME ,  GOOD FUN, it's ♥♥♥♥ing petard"
,Not Recommended,225540,19403271,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,afabs,Crashes 20 minutes in. Well above recommended specs. Will be requesting a refund if this isn't fixed soon. Wait for patches.
76561198058722065,Not Recommended,225540,19407369,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Johnny Castle,"Apart from the day 1 issues, (my game actually worked, yay!) I was severely dissapointed.The mechanics of driving, flying, shooting, and fighting in general either didnt change, or got worse from JC2.The wingsuit is pre cool tho"
,Recommended,225540,19566413,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Nullpage,"It is a very good game, however, until the developers make a patch (I'm hoping they do) to fix it, I just get a lot of lag. However, even with the lag, it is still my favourite game. Thanks Square-Enix and Avalanche for making this!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19567205,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Zarkraz,"Every launch I encouter some new problem that takes hours away from me wrecking havok. Stuttering, no water, crash on start up, BSOD, no response, ♥♥♥♥ing online mode, just to name the few.Fix this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, then I'll write a new review about how more than half the land is empty with nothing to destroy and the other half is ♥♥♥♥ing water. You added Boom Island to get that 1000km^2 RIGHT?I'm having a blast so far but after these missions are done, I don't see it standing up to JC2 in terms of post game content."
,Recommended,225540,19572816,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,AvengeTheSic,Fun game that barely works with a few improvements over the last game
,Recommended,225540,19573984,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Chrispo,"So many polarised reviews - maybe Just Cause 3 is like marmite, you either love it or you hate it!Having not really got into Just Cause before now, I'm approaching this with no preconceptions. Having played over 20 hours I can say I like it, and like it a lot. Here are my reasons why:•	It's ridiculous - forget realism - this is just outrageously fun•	It looks great, Medici is very pretty•	Taking over settlements could be repetitive and boring. But not when you have unlimited C4, 4 tethers, rebel drops, grapple, parachute and wingsuit to boot. And a load more mods I haven't yet unlocked. Not to mention the different vehicles, aircraft etc•	The map is HUGE! and packed with content•	The physics for the explosions are the best I've seen in a game. They look incredible also.•	The leaderboard system adds a level of competition, which I like.There are some issues though:•	The challenges to unlock mods are dull. Blow stuff up using a specified weapon, fly through hoops, drive through hoops, sail through hoops.... Zzzzz! The game was sold on creativity and the challenges remove that... WHY!?... They are very short (thank god!).•	The graphics are nice and pretty but not without the odd bug here and there, I had a floating gun in a cut scene, some of the lighting flickers for no reason, SMXX anti ailising gives Rico a weird aura which irritates me. FXAA fixed that.Can't comment on the story yet as I've only just started! 23 hours of blowing stuff up in all kinds of unusual ways (""I never get tired of that"").As for FPS and performance, I haven't clinically measured my FPS but it hasn't dropped to a point that has made the game unplayable and I have the settings maxed out (all very high).My systems spec:Intel i5 4690k 3.5Ghz (not overclocked)32 Gb Corsair XMS DDR3ATI Radeon R9 390 8Gb GDDR5 (driver version: 15.20)Crucial 500Gb SSDResolution: 1920x1080It isn't perfect but it's a hell of a lot of fun!"
76561198110146617,Not Recommended,225540,19575813,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,McSwerve,"It has come to finish....what Batman Arkham Knight started. The black screens, the loading times, the bugs....they're real....all of  them. The end of the PC master race has come...."
,Recommended,225540,19576437,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,World of Snacks,"get this if you have intel 3rd gen + cpu (K version, if you want solid 60, you need to overclock, i had to put my poor i5 3570K up to 4.6ghz to get solid 60 in all settlements, lots of explosions still cause small drops but at this point there isnt much more i can do :( ) and a gtx 700 series +, i have a msi 980, which runs the game at a solid 60 fully maxed.DONT get it if you have amd-AKA-non-master-race hardware in your pc, it's as simple as that :Dafter 6 hours of exploring i havent come accross any glitches at all which is nice so i dont get what the fuss is about there, and a big patch will likely come this month which will optimise and fix most remaining problems.As for the actual game, well thats not why you are reading reviews is it? you know this game is epic but you're concerned you cant run it or that it is broken, which as far as im concerned it is not at all.From my experience your ideal setup for this game is a 970, 5th-6th gen intel, at least 8gb of fast ram ddr3+ at 1333 htz +, this is to get 60 fps on max settings at all times on 1920-1080 res.GET THIS GAME AND THAT PC SETUP FOR CHRIMBO AND YOU BE BALLIN, BALLIN, SWAG, UNLESS YOU DONT LIKE A SPANISH ACCENT, IN WHICH CASE YOU WILL MOST CERTAINLY NOT BE BALLIN, BALLIN, SWAG."
76561198064086151,Recommended,225540,19752173,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,SmileyHD,(i have a monster of a computer) still freezes my computer and need to do a reboot every time i try to play it. money well spend
,Recommended,225540,19772965,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,DustyDigits,"Great game. loved every second of it, but the story is abit short. finished it in about 10 Hours, and now im just liberating and blowing stuff up.Another form for explosive should be in the core game. since the ""c4"" becomes a bit dull after a couple of hours.8/10"
,Not Recommended,225540,19782157,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,asmarbys,eh
76561198193523146,Recommended,225540,19790953,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Dr.Weiley,Perfect for people who want a free roam game but don't want GTA
,Recommended,225540,19832727,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Trolleyfox,FUN!
,Recommended,225540,24700867,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Quarter2Doom,"The amount of freedom to do whatever you want, destroy and mess with whatever you want, and complete missions or just screw around anyway you want, makes this game pure gold."
,Recommended,225540,30012222,Posted: 18 February,all,meme expert,what the ♥♥♥♥ gaben?
,Recommended,225540,19420310,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,oh shit im feeling it,ignore the fact that this game rapes you untill you use online then its pretty good
,Recommended,225540,32796098,Posted: 25 June,all,FlumpMC,This is a great game. It gets too much hate.
76561198040239835,Not Recommended,225540,26956466,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YellowFox,"I run a pretty decent rig (GTX 970, i7 and 16 gigs of RAM) and even with that I was getting a ton of odd issues, frame drops and glitches as well as a 50/50 chance of crashing the moment I tried to load into the game. This game has been out for a few months now and I was hoping they would have cleared up most of the issues with it, however that doesn't seem to be the case.  Honestly just go and get Just Cause 2, overall it runs flawlessly at 60 FPS, has almost no crashing issues and despite it's age still looks pretty good... Oh right, it also doesn't have DRM. I can't reccomend this even with this sale."
76561198078205181,Recommended,225540,32655430,Posted: 22 June,all,nitr0 sniper56,shooty shooty bang bang and a wing suite need I say more
,Recommended,225540,28800754,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Almighty Sosa | CS.MONEY,"Good but after story mode it can get a bit boring, and not multiplayer but it was fun while playing story mode."
,Not Recommended,225540,28805427,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Junior,"TL;DR: Just Cause 2 was way better.If I knew it, I wouldn't buy.Control customization is a major problem:you can't choose to have inverted Y axis for controller but not for mouse;you can't change the helicopter or plane controls mapping without (unwillingly) change all other controls;you can't reset controls to default in one screen without resetting all controls;turning the helicopter left and right with mouse is too slow and you can't change this specifically.Performance is a problem too:memory consumption is too high;you can't have borderless windowed mode without using startup parameters;screen glitches and framedrops everytime.And about the game itself, not much changed for best:AI is still very dumb;Flying and driving physics are very poor;You don't have a gps mini map but instead a magical path printed on the ground;Helicopters crash like windows vista and you never know what you did wrong;There is no (good) music.Explosions are cool, but just that."
,Recommended,225540,28192231,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,W+M1,"Great challange to see if you're faster at pressing 'esc' or get to see unskippeble animations.Loads of stuff to blow up and fun make up for ""physics"" and crappy AI.Has some down sides. Has some good points. All and all, still fun at that important parts.Good 'nuff"
,Recommended,225540,33099361,Posted: 1 July,all,FloiFlob,ITS REALLY GOOD AND STAEM SAID TO TELL PEOPLE WHY TO PLAY IT FOR SOME REASON I DONT KNOW.IT GIVES YOU A FALSE SENCE OF ACCOMPLICMENT WHEN YOU BEAT YOUR FRIENDS RECORDS THAT THEY DIDN'T EVEN TRY WHEM THEY SET
76561198067708072,Not Recommended,225540,28724708,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Easy Breezy,"Performance-I bought this game at launch... big mistake. The game would not run past 30 FPS on low with my old 660. I recently upgraded to a 1060 and thought I would give this game another go. The game isn't even that pretty and I couldn't get a stable 60 FPS out of it on medium. Performance can be fixed mostly by disabling in-game options and using SweetFX injector plus a few other tweaks. I got mine up to 100 FPS on max graphics with some tweaks.Bugs-In my 6 hours so far, I had an AI driver get stuck 3 times in a row, I fell through the map, game crashed, it's still a bloody mess after 1.5 years post-release.Gameplay-Monotonous, boring, clumsy.I am 5 story missions in and the game is already making me liberate a bunch of seemingly carbon-copy towns to access the next story mission. It's like the Far Cry towers, except if they were all the exact ♥♥♥♥ing same and you had to spend 5+ minutes on each one. You will spend minutes on end looking for the one last chaos object left, which is no fun.The vehicles are absolute trash, every single one has a drunk camera angle that will bounce up and down with every little bump in the road, helicopters won't stay steady, etc. Also I noticed vehicle sensitivity is severely disconnected from on foot sensitivity. I already have a slow sensitivity, but in vehicles it is like a quarter of my on foot speed, which makes tanks for example a chore to use. (Swinging my arm across my desk.) The only fun way to travel is wingsuiting, arguably one of the only good parts about this game.The explosions are pretty good, and messing with the tethers and slamming explosive silos into each other is pretty awesome, but not enough to make me stick around.This game is a waste of money, don't even buy it on sale, unless it goes as low as like $5. Instead, go buy DOOM or something for the same price. Diffierent game genres, I know, but the 7 hours I spent finishing that game were action-packed, unlike this game. I'll play that game again. This game will sit in my library gathering dust for years or decades to come.Just Cause 3 gets a 6/10 - mediocre as ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,225540,32964562,Posted: 28 June,all,Silkiri,suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh dude
76561198035283070,Recommended,225540,23451550,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Admiral Bathsalts,"Jets, Tanks, and blowing **** up, what's not to love. I know it had some problems early on but they are fixing them. So, give it a chance."
,Recommended,225540,19404029,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Foxtrot,Found a girl I had'nt spoke to in years. She still has that tatoo of my old racecar.
,Recommended,225540,28407483,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Fl1peR,"I love this game but i have lags. ( game write: no have minimum free place) lol i have 163 gb free place . I play with 30 fps. I have recomeded procesor,ram,graphic card. Please write me about this eror"
,Recommended,225540,19452318,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,kenx00x,i have a amd a8-5600k overclocked to 4.2 ghz and a amd r7 260x and i can play this game on lowest graphics and i always have above 30 fps so i dont know why so many people say OMG LAG10/10 best game
76561197972606270,Not Recommended,225540,25194167,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,-=JkJkLoL=- tk421storm,took 3+ hours to install and run correctly. Took a third party hack-mod to change the FOV. Wiped my save game after 3 hours of play. Do not buy.
76561198048410009,Recommended,225540,19417208,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sean,"My stuttering fixed. This game may be not as detailed as GTA5, but this game is much more exciting than GTA5 to me!!!"
76561198023189503,Recommended,225540,19415746,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,bobmckee,Crashing constantly. I think its an AMD video card issue. Please fix--because its fun otherwise.
,Not Recommended,225540,20802716,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Entropy | zackreelpolo,requires a really good pc
76561198085824873,Recommended,225540,19447045,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Hi i'm Jesse Wellens ummmm,"Very laggy on my laptop, nothing i can do about that though, i can work around that.Other than that, Just Cause 3 is the Best Game of 2015!Cons:- meh story- very powerful pc/laptop requiredPros:- awesome open world- multiplayer soon- soooo much fun!"
,Recommended,225540,19668456,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Alzen,"I love this game, even if it's not perfect.I am not going to complain about performance like so many have, as I am running this game at almost full graphics using the minimum GPU that the game reccommends (670). So while it does slow down, and isn't always stable, the game is far more beautiful and better optimized than I had hoped, and than everyone has been saying.Gameplay wise this game is brilliant. The simple additions of wingsuit and multiple grapple points (which can pull together) adds so much variety to the game, both in terms of fun and tactics.Tearing bases apart with wires is just as fun and rewarding as blowing it to peices with a tank or bombing it with a plane.Setting the enemy army on you while you drive a long road to your destination accross the sprawling, beautiful map, is one of my favourite things to do. This is only imrpoved by the fact that your friendly rebels can drive the car for you, allowing you to sit atop the roof and shoot your enemies.The missions are fun and non repetetive, the AI is in no way unintelligent, and so escort missions are not infuriating.The ""gears"" upgrade system, and its accompanying minigames, is incredibly rewarding and fun. While I never played the races or anything of the like in JC2, I thoroughly enjoy them in this game.Overall I would give this game an 8/10, as I do recognise that unstable FPS is an issue (although again, this really is not as bad as people make it sound). I would suggest you pick up this game if you enjoyed the last, but if you are someone who simply cannot stand unstable frames, perhaps you should wait and see if they resolve the issues.My personal opinion is that JC3 is a beautiful, addictive, rewarding gameplay experience, with more variety than any of its open world counterparts such as GTA. And to me, the FPS issues do not detract from the game anywhere near enough to give me a negative reaction to the game. Avalanche studios has made a brilliant game, it's a shame the launch wasn't as smooth as they wanted it to be."
,Recommended,225540,19626343,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Asuka Langley,"This review was written by someone with a gaming computer that runs on AMD products.(If you do not care about my personal opinions, then please scroll down my review to find the Pros and Cons)This game is by far my favourite game of 2015, and as of the publishing of this review, of all time. Just Cause 3 offered me 51 hours (as of the publishing of this review) of pure enjoyment and entertainment. I deeply enjoyed the massive open world that the game has to offer, and its beautiful landscapes -- whether they be tropical Mediterranean beaches, beautiful rock formations and archipelagos, pine forests, or snowcapped mountain ranges.There are many people who have enjoyed this game as I have, and there are many who experience technical difficulties and feel as though they should refund their game just because of flaws that the developers are actively working on to fix. For them, I say to wait. This game is WORTH the wait. Unless your computer is actively unable to play this game, because you bought a game that your computer truly cannot run -- well, that's on you.Pros:•A massive open world. (over 400 square miles/1,000 square kilometers)•Beautiful explosions. (A very large portion of the game is meant to be all about action, and nothing says action like big, fiery explosions)•The tether system. (This game has gone into new territory since Just Cause 2, with the addition of creating tethers between destructible objects, thus allowing more creativity for the player in how they conjure up their destruction. I can personally vouch for this, as I made a Di Ravello statue facepalm himself into rubble)•The Wingsuit. (The addition of the wingsuit has allowed Rico Rodriguez to become even more aerodynamic and powerful)•A large variety of weapons and vehicles. (From simple assault rifles, shotguns, and pistols to homing cluster missiles, handheld EMP cannons)•Easter eggs. (This is not normally a big deal to most gamers, and especially me -- but I really enjoy the easter eggs in Just Cause 2, and was really looking forward to what JC3 had to offer -- and I was not disappointed.)•Bigger and badder bases to 'liberate'. (In Just Cause 2, you never really 'liberated' places. You explored the nation of Panau and collected items in specific settlements, and then it was completed. In Just Cause 3, however, you 'liberate' towns and bases and when they are completed, the rebels are actively within it and you KNOW it is now under your influence.)•Interobject stability. (This is also something not many gamers may care about or take into consideration, but Just Cause 3 does an amazing job at keeping objects within objects stable. The landing boats are sturdy as they carry an armoured car within. They then hit the beach and let down their ramp to allow their contents to move forward. Another example is how the cargo plane can hold stuff within and still fly smoothly. Most games simply do not take this into consideration, and thus do not have it as a feature. I applaud you for this, Avalanache Studios.)There are other pros, but these are the the most important and interesting to point out. The graphics for the game are amazing, but you can already tell that unless you're blindly cynical, or just simply blind.Cons:•The technical difficulties. (This is by far the biggest con of the game, and it is not JUST the fault of the developers. There are many variables in dealing with the technical difficulties of JC3's launch. As I am an AMD user, I did indeed experience technical difficulties, resulting in laggy gameplay -- and later, graphic errors. However, once I had updated to the recommended beta driver, my game played smoothly (which proves my gaming computer is in fit shape for the game, it is just that it was poorly optimized at launch, but the driver basically helped it cooperate.)•The ending of the story. (There are no spoilers here, so do not worry, anxious reader. The story, in my opinion, was very nice. I enjoyed the new characters Mario, Dimah, Teo, and Annika. I also enjoyed the revenant Tom Sheldon (and in fact, he is my favourite). Di Ravello was an amazing villain; he is actually intimidating, unlike that weirdo Baby Panay. However, the ending of the game was extremely quick and did not wrap up various plot points left unanswered. HOWEVER, this game is moreso about the adventure, itself -- and thus the story's quick ending can be somewhat excused.)This game is by no stretch of the imagination perfect. Nothing is perfect. However, I simply cannot think of any other cons that I would consider negative. With this, I conclude my review -- and hope that this helps anyone who is weary of buying the game in making a decision."
,Recommended,225540,35126823,Posted: 22 September,all,TBA18,In the words of Nerd3:BEST. GAME. EVER
76561198066836932,Not Recommended,225540,29905914,Posted: 13 February,all,JackMaccone,Performing Online login...
76561198053520998,Recommended,225540,19413211,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,mr|Mikas,"Write after the new update,,,,,the game is a better play ,,, the new super update,,, I recommend"
,Not Recommended,225540,19736420,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Bobby,"So they released a patch today and the game is running way worse now.The developers are really bad, and they don't care about the community either."
,Recommended,225540,20918809,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,turles,1:36 PM - koolgoose: its alot of fun1:36 PM - koolgoose: and i love the physics1:36 PM - koolgoose: its just awesome
,Not Recommended,225540,34864845,Posted: 10 September,all,SicilianCapo,"Good if enjoy mindless explosions/stuff, but that's the only part where this game does well.Very little polish; JC 2 was MUCH better than this one.Story is very predictable, and seems to simply act as a way to try and prevent you from just taking over the whole map immediately.Feel free to skip this game, you won't be missing anything."
76561198046513186,Not Recommended,225540,20864734,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,DEAF AND BLIND,Can't play the game for more than 5 minutes without it crashing and i have found nothing that works to fix the problem.
76561198040950341,Recommended,225540,19410026,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Tungsten,"PLEASE COMPLETELY IGNORE MY PREVIOUS REVIEW! THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS OFF THE CHAIN.Although some people have trouble running it, so please be wary unless your specs are similar to those who can play it. Mine worked fabulously. (Lenovo Y50-70 Intel i7 4720HQ, 16GB DDR3, GTX 960M 4GB, Evo 850 512GB)New impressions. This game is over the top bananna balls that is almost impossible to play tired since there is SO MUCH♥♥♥♥♥♥GOING ON ALL THE TIME. This game feels alive and welcoming as you send baddies flying off of towers into the sea using one of 83616473879236723729 methods of doing so. There is SOOO MUCH CONTENT and SOOO MUCH FUN! The day one rant was just frustration from new mechanics. Sure they take quite a bit of getting used to, but once you have played as much as I have, you will have them mostly under control. The controls are different from JC2 but vastly improved. I only had to make some minor tweaks to accomodate my small hands which can NEVER reach the CTRL key. Whatever. Buy it. Now. Please. Square Enix deserves your soul.9.9/10 (Only because of some minor annoyances like grinding challenges can get frustrating thus making it difficult to obtain gear mods)."
76561197960420586,Recommended,225540,19402883,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,NoyzRulz,"I've got 745+ hours logged on Just Cause 2 so I was looking forward to this. I have an older Intel i7 and GeForce 760 and it can feel a little slow at times. I think you really need some decent specs here to enjoy it. I'm not liking the new crosshair at all. There are some bugs being worked on.But, all in all it's what I expected - improving on the many things that makes Just Cause 2 feel old today all wrapped up in a brand new storyline. If you're not sure, maybe buy the bundle and play Just Cause 2 first. It still holds up. Think of  JC3 as an upgrade like GTA 3 was to GTA 4."
,Not Recommended,225540,19410041,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,DE_BLANK,Not recommended right now because the game is so unplayable even on nvidia graphics cards. I was really expecting the game to be well optimized like gta v. This is very dissapointing to say the least especially for a triple A game.Will post a positive review when the developers launch a patch that fixes these performance issues. Ask Kojima for some tips on how to optimize a game better.
,Recommended,225540,19418152,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,CornishMan,"If you enjoyed Just Cause 2 then Just Cause 3 is another fun excuse to watch Sh*t blow up and over throw a dictator in the process!With awesome new gameplay mechanices like the Wing suit, Rocket propelled C4 and Multiple tethers!!! <- This right here is what makes this game so damn enjoyable.With multiple tethers you can now do nearly all the things that you would think of in Just Cause 2 bu were limited by!Want to pull a tower down, well then grapple a few of the weaker supports togther, pull and watch the tower crumble under it's own weight... just make sure not to do a Prometheus run to get out of it's way as you watch it coming down!Ever wondered what it would look like if you strapped a cow, a goat and an medici soldier to a propane tank... which you then turn into a rocket... and watch as they soar up high... followed by a beautiful explosion and chaos... well wonder no more!Quite simple put, this is an awesome sandbox action game that you can play how you want, when you want.Perfect game to sit back and enjoy from the comfort a couch / sofa, even for a few hours an evening.10 / 10"
76561198128424798,Recommended,225540,33662841,Posted: 19 July,all,snuffey20,"so i just got a new PC and this was the first modern game i played on it. The graphics are good as expected. Slight story improvment and a increase in map size (although it's gotten to a point where the map is so big that i cant explore it all). Also new vehicles and weapons.  My main dissaponitment is the similarities to JC2. Same concept, same red idiots who cant shoot. Same tatics. Same gameplay. The only big thing this game adds is the wingsuit in my opinion. Its handy fo fast travel if you dont have a vehicle. So overall i'd give it a 8/10. If you havent played JC2 yet then buy that instead but if you have this is a good sequel."
76561198153757114,Recommended,225540,33840238,Posted: 27 July,all,Gardener666,This game is wonderful except my McAfee would quarantine the jc3 exe file and that was a problem but after I resolved that problem it's a great game and I highly suggest it.
,Recommended,225540,34022529,Posted: 4 August,all,dkarlovi,"My opinion of this game more or less matches that of TotalBiscuit:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghclK4Gd-swTLDW summary + my additions:- HUGE play area, rather diverse and at times rather beautiful- fun traversal, be it by parachute + wingsuit or some of the vehicles (of which I've mostly used helicopters and planes), the world is so fun to get across I've rarely if ever used a fast travel at all (which is saying something for a map of this magnitude)- story is really forgettable, but there are rare notable sections you'll remember. IMO, as the game is basically an 80's action movie simulator (with Rico being Bruce Willis, Arnold Schwarzenegger 6 Sylvester Stallone, while side characters being every sidekick stereotype out there), they might have gone way more overboard with the story, like Far Cry: Blood Dragon- missions are mostly escort missions or fetch / kill quests. Difficulty is quite low, I've found, I've rarely had to repeat a section. It mostly worked as expected, unless you're escorting a convoy and one of your party gets stuck to geometry while the other one passes and you get a message to get back to the other one which you can't as they're 2km apart.- most of the game is liberating outposts and cities which you do by going there and doing a laundry list of tasks. Once you're done, on to the next one. It can get repetitive if you don't make your own fun (which you can, there are tools to do it). You need to decide to do something different, the game won't make you and it will get boring.- side missions unlock gears which you use to upgrade your gear. TB said it in his video: these are some of the most boring parts of the game. I did almost none.- gameplay is satisfying but gunplay feels loose, there's noticeable auto-aim which is obviously geared towards consoles- problem with auto-aim is it also works for tethering which you'll be doing a lot of. So when you're in a huge gun fight, you'll try to tether out of there by picking somewhere more remote, the game might choose something very near to you and be like ""well, close enough"" which leaves you in the same spot, only tethered to a wall or something, quite frustrating if you're playing with a mouse (probably helps with a controller)- the game ran solid most of the time, but it crashed on me A LOT (I'd say, at least 30x during my playthrough). What's worse, one of those crashes corrupted my 20h save file which Steam then dutifully backed up to the cloud. Found a save file to download, lost about 2h of progress.TLDR for the TLDW: great environment and traversal, gameplay could be more tight and diverse, but you can make your own fun. Backup your savegame."
,Recommended,225540,34047769,Posted: 5 August,all,Sundance Reeves,where else can you tie cows while flying with a jetpack which has a missile launcher attached on it?
76561198122031303,Recommended,225540,34067472,Posted: 6 August,all,FelixTheGamer,BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYEDI was hyped for this game for a long time and after 2 years i finnaly upgraded my computer and didnt sleep for 3 days playing this awasone game i suggest you buy this awasome game
76561198349555057,Recommended,225540,34112018,Posted: 8 August,all,aLEX 乡 OPENSKINS.COM,УЯ
76561198043314082,Recommended,225540,34222613,Posted: 13 August,all,Bad Dude,I love this game!  Played over 110 hours.Once you get the hang of the wing suit and grapple you will have much fun blowing stuff up.The DLCs are all good too.  I'd give this game another play through if I get time.
76561198165882402,Recommended,225540,34251531,Posted: 15 August,all,[V]anity,"i recommend this game because the game was really fun, i already completed it. But it's a little bit unrealistic, because u have infinite parachute and you take no damage if u hit a cliff by parachuting. Most of all, it's a good game and fun to play."
76561197972568532,Not Recommended,225540,34255450,Posted: 15 August,all,de_flipkabouter,"Its fun fun fun !You blow stuff up as main goal and can do it creatively ! unlock alot of extra's that allow for even more creative destruction and rampage... story is there like in the previous installments, not great but ok.Performance is not great, runs like a dream here after i upgraded my card recently but it crashes after a certain time.Usually after a good hour or so... should not happen on a high end gaming computer ! for shame !Lots of fun with heavy performance costEDIT: the crashing seems to only increase in frequency, what used to be an hour is now less then 30 minutes... thats really bad !!! changed to thumbs down"
,Recommended,225540,34313799,Posted: 17 August,all,007,"Good game, nice mods, and 1 more thing. JC4 CONFIRMED!?!?!?!?!?!"
76561198022188345,Not Recommended,225540,34326380,Posted: 18 August,all,Jeremy,Fun if you can get past the forced Online Login ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
76561198126185024,Recommended,225540,34340027,Posted: 18 August,all,Snoozle,Bang bang
76561198331686694,Recommended,225540,34341122,Posted: 18 August,all,County_Colianz,pretty scary if i say so myself
76561198189134989,Not Recommended,225540,34355298,Posted: 19 August,all,mda1284,not good
76561198161994124,Not Recommended,225540,34566075,Posted: 28 August,all,Fukequest,It is a fun game but it is just too slow to play and it keeps crashing.
76561198280603808,Recommended,225540,34575809,Posted: 29 August,all,oliverflynnb,"great game, very fun, a bit glitchy but very good performance for my crap computer"
76561198019557045,Recommended,225540,34681634,Posted: 2 September,all,A.G.B.,"Pros: addictive and fun. Great features. Tons of abilities, tools, and toys at your disposal, and lets you get creative with them. Looks great. Today, at least from my experience, runs smoothly with almost no problems.Cons: a lot of uninspired content, case in point the escort-mission-heavy mission design. Many frustrating elements, such as handling, the limitations it places on you, forcing you to do liberations and Challenges to unlock features that should be standard.My recommendation: if you enjoy one or both of the first two, or it looks to you like you would enjoy one of these, you'll get a ton out of this."
76561198340461570,Recommended,225540,33800518,Posted: 25 July,all,N00BSLAYER5014,"You shoot red things,cool♥♥♥♥♥♥happens (mostly explosions),you win.10/10 would reccomend."
,Recommended,225540,33802499,Posted: 25 July,all,Xpwn3ntial,"Great game to seriously cause some chaos.1) Mindblowing visuals.2) Glitchy at times.3) Story is just OK4) Gameplay mechanics is dope asfRight now it's on sale, go and Get it if you have a medium-high end PC, you can play beautifully."
,Recommended,225540,33805014,Posted: 26 July,all,ImDie99x,Good
76561198180969222,Recommended,225540,34099730,Posted: 8 August,all,~J~,very nice game!!!
,Recommended,225540,34242817,Posted: 14 August,all,Rising_Anthony,The game is absolutely fun. There is enough variety in missions and side activities that I dont feel like Im doing the same thing over and over. The game also looks gorgeous. Absolutely recomend it for fans of open world games.
,Recommended,225540,34259219,Posted: 15 August,all,✪ElemenT,Michael Bay simulator
,Not Recommended,225540,34311939,Posted: 17 August,all,GoldenMatrices,Was fun for awhile. Recently spent two hours liberating Falco Maxima. After I did the Bavarian nukes keep blowing me up. It never said anything about not doing it in story mode would mess up the thing.
,Recommended,225540,34357959,Posted: 19 August,all,Anthony,"Just Cause 3 is a very good and fun game. It's just horribly optimized.My computer is *somewhat of a beast.* it can run most modern games on max graphics with no problem. Just Cause 3, however, I can't even run despite what graphics settings I use. I have to use Razer Cortex just to play and it still has issues even then. If you really want to play this game, be sure your pc can run it."
,Not Recommended,225540,34395503,Posted: 21 August,all,maximuaas,Fun for a while but gets boring.
,Recommended,225540,34340903,Posted: 18 August,all,EL_dilzsterino,this game is one of my all time favourites for mucking around especially with the multiplayer mod its one of the best game of its genre
76561198111021264,Not Recommended,225540,34437618,Posted: 23 August,all,RevOlt13,"Optimization is sh*t, story mode is trash and gameplay is so childish and boring"
,Recommended,225540,19532609,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Panergy,"It's JC2 but better now with more freedom and abilities.+Game looks beautiful. (Water Tesselation? Water Tesselation...)+Characters are actually interesting and entertaining.~AMD users have been reporting problems, but if you roll NVidia you'll be fine.+Way more fun than JC2 gameplay-wise-Still lacks some side content like JC2 did."
,Recommended,225540,19628502,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,the one and only camel,why buy this game?Just Cause ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,225540,20737170,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Count Talcula,"Play as Rico Rodriguez and join a ragtag group of revolutionaries, smugglers, and pirates, as you struggle to overthrow Di Ravello's Militia (DRM), while all the real pirates continue to struggle to overthrow Denuvo's DRMFive out of five Lennys( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °)"
76561198007748372,Not Recommended,225540,20876691,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ghostpoidog,"I liked what this game should have been, Fun. Disliked: Video problems, Crash bugs, Keyboard & Mouse controls, Story line, CHEESY, CAMPPY, CHEESY. Liked: the HUGE ""playable"" *HEHEHEH* area. Save your MONEY or wait until this goes into the 5$ bin."
,Not Recommended,225540,34789635,Posted: 7 September,all,Flix,"Id love to like this game, but seeing as im unable to actually run it properly 70% of the time, I dont. Im able to run gtav on ultra 60+ fps, but i cant even run this on medium without it destroying my ram. not worth trying to fight it to get it to work."
,Recommended,225540,19402963,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Artzverach,"Only played a few minutes of it and already having a lot of fun, performance (on my GTX 980) is fine at mostly 60fps until it temporarily freezes for about half a second. Might be a driver issue however. I believe the graphics issues most are having might be AMD related? Unsure, so be aware of that.But yeah, loads of fun"
,Recommended,225540,19406708,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,The Spartan,"I bought the game a couple days ago and was really hyped for the launch and it turned out not to dissapoint me one single bit. Game is very stable and haven't crashed for me once. Ignore all the negative comments, its 99% of the time based on how it supposedly crashes and yet i've played atleast an hour or so with no crashes whatsoever.Graphics is very good and I really like how the game looks. I play it on 1080p cause I've not yet tried to play it on 4k tho i still imagine it would run pretty smoothly. Underwater graphics is mindblowing and if you really like exploring games this is definitely a game for you, doesnt matter wether you have or haven't played the previous games cause this is my first Just cause game and I really am enjoying it to the fullest.Game is very fun, I love the story so far and how we can pretty much decide on our own what we want to do. You can go break statues and weaken the generals dictatorship if you'd like by destroying his posters/statues and his way of communicating with people or you can continue on the story.I would recommend this game to my friends and I already have to a couple of them.If I were to rate this game from 1 to 10 I'd definitely rate it 10/10"
,Recommended,225540,19415049,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[RSS] Cmdr. Logan,"YEEEEEEEAH! OH YEAH! BUUUUURN! AAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!*ahem* Oh yeah, review, right.So uh, yes. I'd say it's worth it putting your hands on this one.Vastly improved mechanics, smooth running game, beautiful looking graphics. Again, you get to flip off all the laws (both man made laws and the laws of physics for that matter) in a very well made, entertaining game, full of explosions and chaos. It's like you getting to play Arnold Schwarzenegger in a random 1980's action movie (plus grappling hook and wingsuit).(oh yeah, and a not annoying accent)On the not so bright side: I've experience FPS drop once in a car chase (from 60 to 45'ish). You can no longer sprint on this one or take cover - which is really bad for fighting. Also, the cutscenes: it's not that they're bad, but they're mostly uncalled for. They take no longer than a second or two to load, but it's enough to kind of snap you out of the immersion.Aside from that, utterly recommended. Now let me get back to exploding everything.Oh, and one last friendly advice: if you, by any chance, have been playing any of the Batman games or Dying Light lately, make sure you remember to change the controls for grappling hook and grenade tossing. I tried using it while on parachute and ended up killing a couple of civilians."
,Recommended,225540,19419818,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,federico,"Someone who has an AMD card here, checking in. I'm running the Beta drivers, and everything is running really well. I'm getting around ~50fps constantly, with everything on ultra and antialiasing turned on at 1080p. Not bad for a ~4 year old graphics card.Two small tweaks that I did:Run the game as administrator and in compatability mode (Windows 7). This fixed certain audio being missingSet my audio to 96k / 24bit (not sure if this helped or not, but it was mentioned elsewhere)Anyhow, the game is a ton of fun. People who were expecting a deep, moving narrative (a la Fallout ""war never changes"" 4) are bound to be disappointed. Thank goodness. I was worried they might have toned down the silliness, but Rico seems to dish out quips as easily as bullets.Some small issues:The intro loading screen was cool the first two times, not really after that.Online seems a bit wonky. Could be my internet, as I'm in South Africa, but could also be their serversSome non-issues (for me, that people seem to bring up):Zero crashes so farDitto for any graphical glitchesNo slowdowns (at least any that have been noticable)Loading times seem really quick - and it's not even installed on a SSD (yet) but rather a generic 1TB hard drive. Certainly better loading times than some other games (cough, Fallout 4, cough) that I had to move to an SSD just to make bearableSpecs:Windows 10HD7970 (non-Ghz)i7 4790k16GB RAM"
,Recommended,225540,19634691,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,BOV101,Directed by Michael Bay - 10/10Produced by Michael Bay - 9.8/10Developed by Michael Bay  - 8/10Animated by Michael Bay - 8.6/10
76561198252047466,Not Recommended,225540,20600419,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,clay.cerny,"HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥THE GRIND IS SOOOOOOOOO ♥♥♥♥ING REAL ONLY TO HAVE THE GAME DELETE YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING SAVE AFTER A CRASH.cons-the gamewhoops forgot to put the pros...oh wait, the developer forgot to put them in the game"
,Recommended,225540,19527699,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[B.F.C]pepsey,On AMD R9 390 - so far no problems even with 15.10 Beta driver.
76561198150404122,Not Recommended,225540,19750506,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,|\ /\ /\ /\ /|,You cant play it for more than 30 mins cuz i dont know lag and stuff
76561198267964428,Not Recommended,225540,34849202,Posted: 9 September,all,LikiLiki,Just a warning to everyone. When I got this game I loved it. I would still be playing it exept that the Just cause 3.exe file got corrupted and i cant find out how to fix it and get my missing file links and stuff. I love this game and I think you would too but mine didn't last long :(
,Recommended,225540,26800467,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SplizZ,"Played the game to almost 100% now, great fun, much boom, such wow.Nothing more satisfying than blowing up a military station with a ""nuke-like"" launcher ormaking a cow fly like a bird :)"
,Not Recommended,225540,19402359,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Saruman The Pink,"Did they even bother testing the R200 range? Game crashes within 5 minutes of playing, also may be a memory leak, I have 16gb of ram, and im apparenlty using 90% of that while playing the game on High settings."
,Recommended,225540,19944685,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,wolis,"Yet another beautiful open-world game, extending the Just Cause series.I miss the mini-map that showed the direction of enemy vehicles (one cannot rely on audio alone) and a world littered with challenge markers is not my favourite, but that's ok because...... its a lush, glorious and very-destructible world to explore and play in, with a wonderfully enhanced grapple, and I am coming to terms with the wing-suite.I can't wait for some modding tools to come out so I can again fix the annoying FOV shift that happens when you accelerate (why make things look like they are going backwards when you are going forwards!?!)I have a lot left to explore, only about 20 hours in."
,Recommended,225540,19430460,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,victorzvyagin,"Let's  see,  I played  for over half an hour  or so, now........The  Graphics?  sucksThe Gameplay?  SucksThe Realism  in Game? SUCKSThe physics? Not bad actua........ oh wait, no. it sux.............And then I upgraded grappling hook.This game's AWESOME!(But seriously, What da hell  is wrong with Graphics?  it Looks cartoonish,  and Apparently,  some other people find it unoptimized)UPDATED: Holy crap, I AM BATMAN!"
,Recommended,225540,35328894,Posted: 30 September,all,Quarks&Quasars™,This game is amazing for what it offersthat is...EXPLOSIONS EXPLOSIONS EXPLOSIONSBecomes repititive but can be fun as this game is more of a sandbox than a story oriented open world.With mods it gets more funI played most of what this game can offer through mods and it was great.Good game with huge map to have fun with.Graphics are amazing.7/10
76561198055815621,Recommended,225540,19408741,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sergey Sery Wolk,"DeutschIch würde gern etwas ZerstörenDoch es darf nicht mir gehörenIch würde gern ein guter Junge seinDoch das Verlangen holt mich einEnglishI'd like something DestroyBut it must not be mineI would like to be a good boyBut the demand catches up with meEin Vers aus dem Lied ""Zerstören"" von Rammstein.A verse from the song ""Zerstören"" of Rammstein."
76561198254631393,Recommended,225540,22982060,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,jrouillon21,"Just Blowing Stuff Up!If you like blowing stuff up, you will love this.  I will tell you there isn't much of a storyline to it or a deep objective, it is just blowing stuff up.The GoodBlowing stuff upFlying Through the air without a care in the worldMedium to large landscapeLike the un-realistic GTABucket loads of funThe BadRegardless of your computers power, you will see crashes and framerate loss (Lower your settings!!)Like the other Just Cause games the AI is pretty much the sameDriving control is poorBoring storyline, (More like Just Kill Em rather Just Cause)Perfect if you love Just Cause.  I suggest a name change for the game, like Just ""Got rid of the crap"", Just ""Messing around"" and Just ""completed it!"""
76561198291989444,Recommended,225540,23672429,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Ice_Nine_666,"Great game with a terrible story, but in a fast and the furious way, the action is amazing, game looks good and isn't really that hard to run on max settings. First the story, its the ""so bad its funny"" kind of story and the nonstop action keeps you enthralled, the ammount of content is staggering and the world is nuts huge. The modding comunity keeps this game fresh, and the characters are all unique and funny. 50+ hours into the main game and I have yet to come close to liberating all the towns. At first it seems bland but once I started to play further into the story and realized what kind of game it was I really enjoyed this game."
76561198091726595,Recommended,225540,23677942,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Azy_Frank_Will,this game is all about booms and awseome stuff like you can resist the amazingnes of this game!!!
76561198030222650,Recommended,225540,23722155,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Fool,spiderman with guns 3 is very over the top and fun good game
,Recommended,225540,23688302,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,attack_of_zach,"Loved the game. Great graphics, gameplay, weapons, story and vehicles. The only 2 things I didn't like where the facts that it takes 50+ GB to download and it is laggy (I have an extremely good computer) but it is not unplayable."
76561198058260616,Not Recommended,225540,24430005,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Vithralad,"FPS issues, crashes, etc... Despite the good gameplay, im not even sure if I should have bought it at a sale either."
,Recommended,225540,29079864,Posted: 6 January,all,Pootsworthy™,"Have you ever wanted to live out a cheest hollywood action movie. If so, get this game now. If not, get it anyway.#ViveMedici"
76561198164475060,Not Recommended,225540,31702664,Posted: 12 May,all,GrimBundy,"The game is constantly trying to connect to Square Enix servers (a feature i did not ask for) every 2 - 5 minutesand is causing all sorts of os crashing issues either becuase i want to alt tab to task manager because the games froze on another logging in screen, or because trying to exclude the connection through firewall. These sort of issues are not acceptable, esp. considering that the game is just a glorified destruction physics game"
76561198121090729,Recommended,225540,31155135,Posted: 15 April,all,Dadniel111,JUST amazing
,Not Recommended,225540,32910644,Posted: 27 June,all,Asperyules,"Denuvo uses about 40% of my CPU so I can't play this game at all.I have a 1070 and I get around 35-45 FPS.Bad optimization, bad business decisions (denuvo) and uncaring devs.If you don't mind those, the game itself is amazing.Just Cause 3 makes no sense and I love it."
76561198011658313,Recommended,225540,19411313,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Fletcher,"holy crap the map is huge, no performance issues for me running 290x at a smooth 60fps on ultra"
76561198021802490,Recommended,225540,24394988,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Rekker,"I see a lot of complaints about the performance of this game.  I have a new Y700 with 16GB ram, GTX 960 and a 256 SSD.  I had some performance issues here and there, but overall let me say that this was hands down the best gaming experience EVER.  If I had known that I needed a computer that cost me more to play this game, I would have bought it.It's a mediteranean vacation/destruction derby in one package, and the flight abilities of the wingsuit/grappling hook combo truly make the game.Nothing like the thrill of starting a brawl with the local thugs only to steal their aerial backup helicoptors mid-flight and totally rage-bomb the place into submission...er, liberation, I mean.I love the scenery, the water, the vehicles, the guns and all the skill challenges.  The missions were a bit quirky and the end boss encounter is kind of a let-down but I do enjoy a game that ends while continuing to offer plenty of re-play value.No regrets!"
76561198093013422,Not Recommended,225540,24999558,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Asher,"even though it says it recommends 8Gbs of ram, it straight up told when i launched the game that i didn't have enough, and this was very present, i assume the game would be fun if it didn't stutter all the time but reality is reality, and i had a hard time enjoying the first 20 minutes i played when it stutered and every time i moved the mouse."
,Not Recommended,225540,28911398,Posted: 1 January,all,NVyusGG | Twitch,Thought the 3rd installment to the series would be more fun but it's the same mindless clearing of cities and provinces to shade over he region with your factions people. Very boring... I cleared half the region in a less than 4 hours and spent a bunch of time flying around with the wing suit and parachute. The game is just boring now! I wouldn't recommend it.
,Recommended,225540,30778217,Posted: 27 March,all,Phiish,You WILL have fun
76561198065256202,Recommended,225540,19434889,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,klutz29PSN,gr8 out of 8 m8
76561198093483881,Not Recommended,225540,19434942,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,B A S S Y   B O I,Just Cause 3FPS
76561198127570697,Recommended,225540,33856459,Posted: 28 July,all,Tariq7rb,the game very very very very very nice
,Not Recommended,225540,24970947,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Ooga Booga,"0 optimization,♥♥♥♥♥♥controls."
,Recommended,225540,22343602,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Crocodile Kid,I can be miachel bay in game! ASTOUNDING!
76561197995328060,Recommended,225540,22367009,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,noble602,In my expereanc with the game (aka since it came out) I think that this the best game ever yes from time to time it dose lag and it can crash but all in all its the best game in the world
,Recommended,225540,22361427,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,LuFae13,Its really awesome
,Recommended,225540,22367299,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Somethingfishy,"Pretty much the only open world sandbox that I have ever 100%'ed. Great game especially if you liked JC2.(Just make sure your computer can handle it though, its pretty badly optimized for performance.)"
76561198156218797,Recommended,225540,22369719,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SpudWithAGun,"Great game, amazing graphics and explosions are epic. Good story, AI could be better, and maybe some variations between cities looks and whatnot.For some reason my whole game just got reset though, didnt press reset button or anything, anyone else had the same or is it just me?"
,Recommended,225540,19411430,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MicOn,good game
76561198058700045,Recommended,225540,29326841,Posted: 17 January,all,Maine Coon,"Just Cause 3 is very fun. It feels amazing to roam around this HUGE world with a wing suit and grapple hook. The preformance is also fine for me, no lag or fps drop."
,Not Recommended,225540,21862019,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Napalm Sticks to Kids,"Typical  lazy console port.It is heartbreaking because the game is fun when it is not crashing or choppy gameplay.I do not see any hope of them fixing these technical issues, as Squeenix is as bad as EA."
76561198081590194,Recommended,225540,21862922,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,76561198081590194,Just what you'd expect it to be like but the story is way too short and predictable.Also the driving and flying experiance is really bad.
,Recommended,225540,21859422,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Storm66,"runs like dogshit (maybe because of my PC maybe not idk), but if you ignore that it's freaking awesome.the good stuff about the game:-Explosions-nice story-Explosions-pretty good weapons-Moar Explosions-Mario Frigo-EVEN MORE EXPLOSIONS!!!!the bad things:-a little short in my eyes-the bad guy is boring"
76561198038570395,Not Recommended,225540,21860429,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Buckethead,Just never ran properly on my amd rig. Waited months for patch and complained multiple times. Seems they're more concerned about dlc.
,Not Recommended,225540,19988367,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Eldin,"First of all, this game did not run well on my computer. thats not the games fault, I do have a relatively old computer. However, from what I was able to see, it is NOT ANY DIFFERENT than Just Cause 2. There's no more destructibility than there was, the graphics are only marginally better, and the story is still a tacked on joke. I honestly do not recommend this game at all. Play Just Cause 2."
76561198119601774,Recommended,225540,23622795,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,CactusNutrition,This game is amazing although the patches aren't finished so still waiting for that wish they didn't release so early but on the other hand very fun gameplay and good story line
,Recommended,225540,24015526,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Jonness99 [FIN],very good
76561198098101154,Not Recommended,225540,24077314,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,John Adams,"Steven Hawking runs better than this game, but much like Hawking, even though it's a bit broken it is still brilliant (in some areas). Great game hiding deep underneth a God AWWfull port"
,Recommended,225540,24368716,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ko.Pitiam,AWESOME gameplay! Was afraid because of all the bad reviews of this game. 90FPS-110FPS here~ . I am extremely satisfied with the game. The worst thing that happened to me was only a crash or two in my whole gameplay.
,Not Recommended,225540,19417947,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,mjshl2,"I would wait to buy this game. It's completely broken. Graphics settings seem to not work for me at all. The game is maxed out at 1080p and looks horrible. Very jagged and ugly. 4k isnt playable at all, which was somewhat advertised. The very first mission glitched on me and I had to restart. constant frame rate problems (doesn't matter what settings are on or off), and graphics glitches. Batman Arkham Knight worked better for me. As well as AC Unity. This game should not have been released in its current state."
,Not Recommended,225540,23865280,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,GolDenSTanCe,THE CODE38 ERROR IS CRAZY! HOW CAN YOU GOING AROUND SELLING GAMES WITH THIS KIND OF ISSUES WITHOUT COMING OUT WITH A PROPER PATCH! IT'S TIME WASTING AND MONEY WASTING!
76561198085653287,Not Recommended,225540,24019028,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,XxX_SwagMasterKid_69_XxX,Broken AF.
76561198048451925,Not Recommended,225540,24056670,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,r0te,lags and freezesonly good thing is the new grappling hookjust cause 2 performs bettern
,Recommended,225540,24065086,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CrazyCowboy,"Specsi5 6600k at 4.1 Ghz16 gb DDR4R9 270xWindows 10Game Runs Perfectly at medium to high with most lighting/shading effects on, it seems you need 16 gb of ram.ProsGraphicsExplosionsworldGunsControlsConsStoryPerformance (less then 16 gb of RAM)Driving sucks♥♥♥♥♥kinda repetitive unless you really like Micheal Bay"
76561198065634228,Not Recommended,225540,24118285,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,linktothelegend,"I was excited to try this game after seeing youtube videos of it, after downloading it for the first time my computer wouldn't play it. I deleted the game and redownloaded it about three more times before finding out I had to change the resolution on my computer to get it to to work. Who would think to change the resolution on their computer to try to get a game to work? After finally getting it to run it crashed halfway through the opening cutscene. I am done!"
76561197990636779,Not Recommended,225540,30046979,Posted: 19 February,all,pee,"Wow from a great game like just cause 2, to a game that won't even ******* launch no matter what i try and has online DRM out the ***. What a waste of time, i never write reviews but this is atrocious. Good job killing a game that may or may not be good, i will never know."
,Recommended,225540,34270232,Posted: 15 August,all,snikendeiste,It's ok.
,Not Recommended,225540,23932036,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Linkin,"i cant even see the headlight in front of me, its half pixel game,"
,Not Recommended,225540,24001734,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,dud10982,"This game is so amazing. Too bad its ♥♥♥♥ing DRM constantly loses connection with Square Enix servers and interrupts the gameplay to log back in. Ironically this was done to stop pirating, and yet this massive issue is making me want to pirate this, because at least the pirate version has no DRM. In terms of game quality, fantastic game, great quality, great gameplay. Too bad it was ruined by this damn DRM."
,Not Recommended,225540,24048886,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Griggs HCK,"F**k the developer, f**k this game, game constant stuttering, freezing even on other high end machine. There's no real fix for this unless you buy an SSD which cost you extra money, then what? The game will occupied 40 gb of that important storage space, so 240GB (higher price tag) is a must if you have important programs. Game progress lost is a common problem too, why is this even a thing? This could be the game of the year if such technical issues didn't exist.Don't buy this unless you have super high end machine with SSD, and even then, pray that the game doesn't crash because you will lost your progess!!. Your save file remained but your saved game won't load."
,Not Recommended,225540,24810670,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Kaze_88,"This isn't a review since I didn't finish the game. First two hours I had nothing to complain for, but after that the stutter started. The game is basically unplayable for me and I have a decent rig that runs Witcher 3 with no problems. The memory leak on this game is ridiculous, now when I bootup the game my RAM usage goes from 18% to 98% and I have 16gb RAM. Like seriously why aren't they fixing this?! Unbeliavable! Tried to get my money back from this garbage, but I went 2h over the 2h limit by trying to fix it. I've tried everything that were suggested on steam community and reddit...nothing helps. So if you have any doubts that can you run this game and its full price DONT BUY IT. wait for 10-15€ deal or smth. Avalanche and Square...fix your f*cking game. Another Batman Arkham Knight  in our hands, thx a bunch."
,Recommended,225540,31876827,Posted: 21 May,all,Arkham Soldier,This game got a lot of explosionShoot people BoomShoot anything in red BoomLoad a save file BoomWhen u stare at a NPC BoomWhen u drive a car BoomWhen u eat a bagel BoomWhen u fap BoomWhen u fart BoomWhen u watch ***n BoomWhen u watch WWE BoomWhen u take a dump Boom
,Not Recommended,225540,32381505,Posted: 12 June,all,Sick Puppy,Crashes often. The game is bugging to all hell since release and hasn't been patched. The only good thing about this game is that it FORCES YOU to watch all the credits giving you a long nice list of names if you get any bad ideas. Seriously forcing people to watch the credits? Not buying anything from this developer ever again! It's like if movie theatres strap you in and keep your eyes shut at the end of the movies to watch the credits.
,Recommended,225540,19461943,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Aiden,"Just Cause 3- This game is the definition of ""Open World Adventure"" . You can do ANYTHING you want in this game.Alright, now lets talk about the game :-Gameplay is splendid as usual . Story is preety dope and I have only went a little bit in the game and I fell in love with it.-Now, lets talk about GFX and Optimization - The game runs PERFECTLY BUTTER SMOOTH on my PC.Optimization is Awesome.I have not seen a single flaw.My Specs are -Core i7 4771 , 32 GB DDR 3 RAM , GTX 980 AMP Extreme, 256 GB Samsung SSD.I am running the game at ""MAXED OUT"" graphics and getting 60 FPS constant.I don't know why people are complaining, because the game runs preety solid and also my friends are enjoying the game too very much.Now, youcan'texpect to run a 2015 AAA game @ MAXED out GFX on a 2010 PC and expect to run it butter smooth, right? Come on!""If you want performance, you need to spend some cash!""Period.To all those who are still thinking about whether to buy the game or not, I would say -Stop Thinking and buy it and experience the beauty and awesomeness of this wonderful game.Definitely recommended. The game is filled with fun . Its worth every penny!<3 \m/"
,Recommended,225540,23625327,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,naterpatater,The physics were great. I also liked the minigames and the storyline.
,Not Recommended,225540,23817942,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,GG FTW,"The game is not responding when it gets in game loaded to 99,9% plz hellp !!!"
76561198062900778,Not Recommended,225540,23928463,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,cooldan000,I thought all the reviewers had a bad PC. But this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy it. It's sooo bad optimized on PC. It was lagging like if you would be playing GTA V max settings on a mac. Sorry for the people that were waiting for the summer sales to buy this game.
,Recommended,225540,24052630,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MightyNo.22,"the game is extremely fun, but extremely laggy as well when blowing things up. i'd recommend low settings and less resolution if u have 8gb. if u are fine with that..go for it. or else U WILL HAVE BAD TIME."
,Recommended,225540,24053692,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,█▓▒░snowy2990░▒▓,Just Cause 3 is a new Action Game which makes you to feel so Awesome!!!!There is good story with SO MANY EXPOLISONSIt is very good but all the game is  just  a Base explosion in a different place this might be BoredFor me is fair it is worth to spend money for this game
,Not Recommended,225540,24984694,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Dragmodo,The game runs like crap.
,Not Recommended,225540,23850978,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TimaX500,"Great Game , Fun, really addictive but have some serious performance issues that should be fixed , only buy it if you some serious horse power you'll need a really good CPU especially because this game is heavy CPU depended , and I think the price for the dlcs is unfair !!!"
,Recommended,225540,24014948,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Altrue,"Just Cause 3 is an excellent game! It's a ton of fun to play, the controls are more responsive than the previous two, and the addition of the wingsuit really sets things apart mobility-wise.I know that some people have had issues with this game, in terms of bugs and the like. Obviously, being an open world game with dynamic destruction, the materials requirements are quite high, and that's probably what causes most of the issues... So if you have a decent computer, it shouldn't be a problem.Instead of the whole description about the gameplay and the like that you could find elsewhere, I just want to add that Just Cause 3 has a surprisingly good sountrack! Few people mention it, but it's REALLY good, and sticks to the action pretty well."
,Not Recommended,225540,19426106,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Knight-hart,"While this game does a good job of simulating the beta tester experience, i still feel that Beta Tester Simulator 2015 is, ultimately, more buggy than the average beta release."
,Recommended,225540,19534109,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Machete,"""I have a fever and the only prescription is blow the♥♥♥♥♥♥up in just cause 3!""Or to who is whining about the game optimization:""They have a fever and the only prescription is get away from geriatric computers"""
,Not Recommended,225540,29876349,Posted: 12 February,all,F00dCHAiN,"Complete Trash. Gameplay is fun but it is very poorly optimized. Cancer.Buy only if you have a good rig and wait for discounts. Don't waste your money by paying them full.Edit: After several hours of research and tweaking the game, I was able to get somewhat playable framerate. However FPS drop still remains and often it drops from 60 to 40. I would've refunded but the gameplay is fun, the only thing good about this game."
76561198058314975,Not Recommended,225540,35313023,Posted: 29 September,all,Mango,"* Awful controls* Crashes repeatedly* Did I mention the awful controls?* No way to change field of view, which is always way to narrow* No minimap, impossible to navigate in the beginning* Just... awful controls....It's not worth the money, not even on sale."
,Not Recommended,225540,19739668,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Баклажан,I have waited 2 and a half weeks for a patch. It's finally here... but now the game runs worse than before.
,Recommended,225540,19465651,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Julian CB,"after 15 hours of play i can say that this is one of the most amazing games in this year i liked it so much , there is a lot of things to do a lot of wepons alot of explorition and a lot of humor "" about performance  issuse for me nothing happened till now ..my review 15/10"
76561198013103841,Recommended,225540,19414623,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,cidscv,#PlaneFromATrain
76561198094662801,Recommended,225540,19414804,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,BRAAAAAP,10/10
,Recommended,225540,19403103,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,spook,apparentally there have been problems with the game.i verified my cache and found lots of corruptionthanks steam.now game runs much better (60 fps) - try it if you haven't.GTX 970 FX 8350
,Recommended,225540,19412311,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,theheadofstate,Learned more Italian in this game then I am in school. 10/10
,Recommended,225540,19435878,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Sporkninja,"A great game just to blow s**t up in. It looks great and it's fun. The game might be a bit to easy, but I am not far enough in yet to say for sure. I think it is worth the money if you're just looking to let off some steam and destroy some peoples lives and homes.8/10 would BOOM again!"
76561198122657426,Recommended,225540,19467004,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Bot Alex,"Currently waiting for optimisation pathces. The game is excellent, honestly it's too amazing for words. The issue is it runs like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have AMD FX8350 GTX 770 (superclocked) 8g of RAM. My machine is not top shelf♥♥♥♥♥♥but it has been overkill for every other game I play. I feel like this game would be so much more fun if the frame drops and optimisation were fixed.Gameplay: 11/10Optimisation: 1/10"
76561198309819423,Not Recommended,225540,26431565,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,maad maxx,just bought this game. the piece of garbage barely works. what a nice waste of money
,Not Recommended,225540,19402802,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,🅱he🅱lasher🅱od,"The game stutters constantly, even when I change the settings. Memery leakage probably. Since there is memory leakage, the framerate deteriorates overtime when you play. To go back to your decent FPS, you have to restart the game to lower memory usage. The game also completely freezes for a few seconds randomnly. I think it was more focused for consoles, as in one of the menus it tells you to switch tabs by pressing LB and RB. And the graphical issues. Jesus. I don't even have an AMD card. Obviously, it just came out a few days ago, but this is a little ridiculous. This is one of the best games I have ever played, and I don't want most of the experience to be ruined by an easily fixable problem that causes freezing mid-battle, or even just looking around at the gorgeous scenery. The gameplay is great. The wingsuit adds amazing mobility, and the parachute is now more of a sky type of combat you can use by using your guns. The graphics are great, (besides the hideous graphical bugs) and the missions are extremely fun.Update: They are releasing a patch this weekend. I will comeback to see if it fixes the stuttering issues. I also checked that my recommended settings for the game is high settings from NVidia's GeForce Experience program. If it does, instant thumbs up.Update 2: They have now changed the supposed ""update"" to ""we don't really know when"". I want to literally kill orphans now.Update 3: Finally. A patch. THAT FIXED ABSOLUTELY NOTHING"
,Not Recommended,225540,23089952,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,K'nuckles,Just Cause 2 with a Graphic update and some DLC...Nothing special to be honest
76561198006203936,Not Recommended,225540,19923782,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,PopseeD,"don't buy now !!!wait for it!!!!on gtx 970 I got shuttering, poor performance . it's unacceptablebut the game have something I can enjoy and something I think is stupid to put in the game like doing a challenge to upgarade your gear is hard as F***6/10   -2 for bad optimizationif the game perf is greatI give 8/10"
76561197972843674,Not Recommended,225540,31165093,Posted: 15 April,all,Homo Erectus,"Fun game. Terrible performance. Has caused multiple BSOD on my machine. Have never had a BSOD with any other game. Also, some gameplay breaking issues like the mission where you have to disable the aiming assistance so that you can target enemy aircraft. Gets a bit repetative. With that and the performance problems I have no desire to finish the storyline. I would skip this purchase and will be skipping the future copies in this series."
,Not Recommended,225540,31165863,Posted: 15 April,all,BURN447,"This game randomly will delete your savegame, and you will be unable to restore it. I put 32 hours into this game just to find out that I have to start over through no fault of my own. This has been a reoccuring problem with other users, and still has not be fixed over 2 YEARS later."
,Not Recommended,225540,31188792,Posted: 16 April,all,[RLM] Shougat,THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS UNPLAYABLE.When it isn’t stuttering it’s asking to reconnect to online sever even when you select play offline.
,Not Recommended,225540,19475568,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ZeroHQ/Adham,"My Playtime Might Say The opposite of this review but believe its almost like a nightmare going through this game with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥framrate,Like For Real this is the type of game that will run amazing on a potato but struggle on a titan ,Avalanche We all expected more and better since JC2"
76561198121493743,Recommended,225540,19414670,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,gamerharry.singh,good game
76561198241763570,Recommended,225540,19435570,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,scarZi <corsair>,best game ever
,Recommended,225540,19414416,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sup,nice game .its crashed first not later !
,Recommended,225540,19435638,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,RAGEie,"All my dreams are answered!danoutadan, would explode again. :3By the way... where's the multiplayer? :333"
76561198036158938,Recommended,225540,19435787,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,max3d0ut,Great release!
,Recommended,225540,29070163,Posted: 6 January,all,gesmaxx,Really fun game recommend 10/10
,Recommended,225540,27828089,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sundeep,"YO DO YOU LIKE FLYING AROUND AT THE SPEED OF SOUND?GOT PLACES TO GO, GOTTA FOLLOW YOUR RAINBOW?YOU CAN'T STICK AROUND, HAVE TO KEEP MOVIN' ON!GUESS WHAT LIES AHEAD, ONLY ONE WAY TO FIND OUT!IT'S RICO GODDAMN RODRIGUEZ SAVING THE PLANET FROM DICTATORS YET AGAIN DAWG WHAT'S NOT TO LIKE?RUN, JUMP, FLY, WHATEVER!WHO CARES YOU AREN'T READING THIS ANYWAYS!GET THE GAME IF YOU LIKE LITTERING AND SMOKIN' THE REEFER AND SEEING THE SITES WITH A WINGSUIT ONGG LUV U"
,Not Recommended,225540,19790971,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,OrcSoul,"The core that this game is built around is great, creating mayhem and murder with chains of explosions is wonderful fun. But that's where the fun ends.Beneath the veneer of wanton destruction lies very little to redeem this title.The story is paper thin, the vehicles all handle like garbage, and the technical issues (bugs even?) that plague this title ruin what could otherwise be a shallow guilty pleasure of a game.I would recommend buying this game maybe six months from now when you can buy it for a steep discount and once the myriad of technical issues that plague it have been resolved. In its current state however, avoid it like the plague if for no other reason than to shame the dev team that produced it into releasing more stable titles in the future.I can honestly say I'm ashamed I purchased the title after having seen several video reviews come up that were fortunate (designed?) not to have run into any of these issues."
,Not Recommended,225540,19405315,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,[LS] Gunter the Penguin,"I waited Forever For this Game , But It really has some Massive Proformace Problems and Glitches , I perfer Buying it once Its all fixed :)"
,Not Recommended,225540,19794013,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,xv1980,Be honest about the recommended system requirements. Then I'll try this game again.
,Recommended,225540,19715678,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Vladimir Lenin,"Bollywood the videogame.This is probaply one of the most epic and fun games I have ever played.It runs at around 60-75fps in 1080p and high graphics on my GTX 780 and I7 4770k.If your computer can handle it and you like weed, this is the game to buy."
76561197993246205,Not Recommended,225540,19468543,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,shanatar the last memebender,"Whoever wrote the tutorials for this game needs to be fired and put in somewhere like IKEA. ""Press E to use wingsuit"" results in you dying in about 2 seconds, without any real direction given to hold 'S' to pull up. Following that, you're told to select the mission 'Mario's Rebel Drops' with an annoying giant orange banner telling you to open your map. Well, you can't actually select that mission and there's no option to click on the ridiculous symbol which the UI seems to encourage you to do. This game isn't just unplayable, it's testament to the fact that QA testing had no role in the production of Just Cause 3."
,Recommended,225540,19416059,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Saltqvarn ★,"NO NEED FOR MAXED PC!I can run this game without problems on aGeForce GT 640and aIntel i3 3220 3.30GHz,and I'm not joking!Of course I can't run it on maxed setting but I can run it on lowest with a really good FPS.You DON'T need a MAX equipped PC to run this game. I have no shuttering, no FPS drops, no bugs so far and it works lovely!Why should you buy this game? Just cause.My rating:Gameplay: 9/10Story: 7/10Preformance (from my PC): 7/10Overall: 8/10Worth getting? Totally!EDIT:I have not (yet) encountered any crashes, which is great!"
76561197967163134,Not Recommended,225540,19789799,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,A real Dogmen,worst game i have ever purchased. not only does it not work with over max specs but it wont run for longer than 5 minutes without a game crash that deletes my save. 0/10 would not reccomend unless you want a broken game. hopefully my refund goes through.
,Recommended,225540,32836439,Posted: 26 June,all,jbarker273,Micheal Bay: The Game
,Recommended,225540,20666380,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,papa tor,"If Far Cry 4 and GTA 5 had a child, this would be it."
,Recommended,225540,19493305,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,JORMUNGANDR,"SPECS:ASUS ROG G751JYIntel Core I7-4720HQRAM: 16GBNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 980MVRAM: 4GBUpdated to 359.06(Day One Just cause and Rainbow Six.)So far I have played this on two computers, one being a G750JX and it ran roughly 40-50fps on medium quality.I have recently purchased the G751JY and I have the settings on basically Ultra quality and i run 75FPS.I have not had any 'stuttering' or frame drops during my time playing.  Nothing at all hindering my gameplay.As for the game, being Rico Rodriguez who has recenly returned to his homeland of Medici.  The Agency and the rebels are trying to overthrow the dictator.  Rico is idolized by the public as a General and a savior.  Fighting his way taking over cities and outposts, he gains the attention of the dictator.  Havent gotten much further than the first time he recognizes Rico personally but so far I am loiving the story and gameplay.Besides the hilarious glitches and random spits the game makes, it is a relatively stable game. I enjoy making everyone suffer for my own amusement, makes a good time((UPDATE))So the story itself is a bit repetitive, same types of objectives over and over again.  It's not exactly bad, it can get tiresome.  Got all of the DLC and it is pretty cool, the only thing is the story is like when that expansion came to Far Cry 3.  Comic/Art style scenes, not actual game footage.  I dont know if they were being cheap or just for the effect.  If youre pondering about the DLC, get it!  Its actually cool, from a barvarium wingsuit to a rolling mech and new weapons and skill trees.  Pretty cool stuff.On my second playthrough but this time im taking my time doing all the side objectives first.11/10 would make stoplight using humvee w/ gunner again.(( DLC UPDATE )) Mech Assualt / Barvarium AddonWith these two new updates, we get a whole new arsenal of weapons and a new area to explore.  In the barvarium addon, you get a new wingsuit w/ boosters and a mounted machine gun.  You get access to new weapons like the barvarium rifle.  Apart from that there is now a massive airship where you can take over.  The airship missions were really cool, kinda dislike the comics approach but its fine with it.Mech Assault throws you into the middle of a predicament with a new foe using another foe's technology.  You have to retake an island who is currently overran by this faction with their mechs and facilities.  You playing as rico will take these mechs for yourself where you will fight to retake the island.  Again, it has the comics for cutscenes approach but it fits well...I am expecting more fun with the future DLC's!"
76561198268738008,Not Recommended,225540,19785270,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,schmidtpie,Yeah the game crashes continuously and I have been trying to play it for an hour and it has crashed every. single. time. I havent even made it past the intro
76561197961088909,Not Recommended,225540,19852332,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Intrepid,"UPDATE - My PC keyboard controls reset to default.  I changed them back only to discover they're back at default once I restarted the game.  So my keyboard config isn't saving, and Google wasn't helpful. Don't waste your money on this turd.===================================================I do not recommend this game, especially at full price.  This game is worth $5 or maybe $10. (updated)1) The online notifications are extremely annoying and cannot be disabled except by adding a rule to your local Windows Firewall.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=566575720(I don't give a #### if some asshat online beat my parachute record... just let me play the damn game).    How the developers and the beta testers let this go w/o even an option to disable it is beyond me.2) no mini map.   Flying a helicopter in a hot zone is almost pointless because there's no way of getting a sense of whats around you.  I've heard people say this is a good thing, but JC2 had a mini map... at least grant me the option of using it.3) Rico cannot run, duck, or tumble.   I've read the case from the developers that this is 'intentional'.  And while I'm glad they gave a explanation (as lame as it is), you could do all of these things in JC2.  Who said out loud at a board meeting, ""Hey, let's make JC3 have FEWER options & be less versatile than JC2.... coz it would be cool"" (or something).4) The map is big (that's a good thing) but lifeless, every city on the map looks identical, same building, same objects.There is almost no traffic even in the biggest cities on the island. The cars are mostly boring & the driving physics are the worst in history of sandbox games and the car damage model isn't very satisfying which is pity.  It would be a plus if I could change the camera view when driving (again, a lack of options to do that... wtf guys?)5) The challenges are rather boring, and I gave up on most of them after trying them once.6) The plot is worse than a porn movie.  So if you don't care about the story, then it's fun.7) Oh, here's a weird one.   Keys are bound by default to 'mouse left' and 'mouse right'.  If you bind them to something else and want to return to its default, you can't unless you reset all of the controls.  The developers forgot to add a keystroke option for the two mouse commands, so you can't bind keys to them manually.This is a good game, but will never be top tier.  The developers really took away a lot of options that existed in JC2.  IMO, JC2 is a better, more flexible, versatile, and fun game."
,Not Recommended,225540,19409334,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ThatCoolNerd,"I was super hyped for this game and will be willing to change this review to positive considering all of the bugs are fixed within a reasonable amount of time (<2 days).This game doesn't work on my AMD card despite being up to date with the latest drivers and a relatively new gpu. I load up through the loading screen and right before the game loads in it crashes. Logging in online for a single player game is absolutely ridiculous (I realize this is intentional, but that doesn't mean it's not garbage). Steam pre-loading this game actually did jack-all and it only made me install the game twice (that's 70+ GB I've had to download in 3 days, now).I recommend waiting for a patch or two before buying this. Or just don't buy it at all. I pre-ordered this after seeing such awesome things about it on YouTube and am extremely disappointed. I can't even refund it.So, let's recap:- I preordered the game with the DLC- I had to download the entire 38.5 GB twice because the preload didn't work- I finally got to play (yay!) only to have the game crash immediately after the loading screenHow can you not test your game on both major gpu brands I literally have no clue. I'm honestly quite angry with this awful port.Edit: For some reason the main menu bugged out and now I have to reinstall another 20 GB of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ this game.Edit 2: It is roughly 12 hours after the writing of this review. I'm finally able to play the game, though there are random stutters and FPS drops. For some reason the game is using up all of my 8gb of ram. I have no idea what's happening.Edit 3: It's 4 days after launch. The game is better. I've got an R9 380. Still random stutters. This shouldn't be happening. I can't give this a positive review yet.Edit 4: It's currently almost a month after launch. I still get hangs and a ridiculously low fps for the card I have. ♥♥♥♥ these developers and ♥♥♥♥ Square Enix. It seems as though you have to suck Nvidia's♥♥♥♥♥♥to get a good gaming experience these days."
,Not Recommended,225540,19789535,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,mjallen18,"The game is great minus a few big problems. First, to have anywhere near a playable experience, you need to disable VSync. And second, they need to fix the random crashes, sometimes it'll go days without a problem, and others it'll crash every half hour or so. If they can fix these problems, I'll reccomend this game. Also, Patch 1.02 claims to improve load times, but it has caused my load times to go from seconds to many minutes."
76561197983256066,Recommended,225540,19405519,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TomGamesAlot,"As of today the previous graphical issue with AMD cards has been resolved, at least for my case. If you are coming across game geometry partially loading and terribly field of view try installing beta AMD Drivers.So far game is playing like an enhanced Just Cause 2, which so far has been a blast. Going to update this review while playing, but if you enjoyed the previous game you'll enjoy this one.as a side note, I wish steam reviews would give us more options rather than a thumbs up or down, as I would like to demerit this game for the graphical issues encountered earlier. A game should be playable upon release, no excuse for that!"
76561198062125907,Recommended,225540,19410253,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,codeman165,Game is great. hands down. go buy it now. Worth every penny. it does everything you want it to and more. 10/10
,Not Recommended,225540,19749215,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,coche5e,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEYou cannot run in this game! He WALKS everywhere! I understand this was on purpose because the devs want you to make use of the grappling hook and wingsuit, but if I want to run around a corner to get an item or try to avoid a missle, then I'm screwed! Even if it's just 10 feet away you can't get out of the way quick enough to avoid ANYTHING. I am completely boycotting this game and chalking this one up as lost money.  I tried returning the game but I was at 4 hours playtime so I couldn't. Also, everything in this game is an UNLOCKABBLE mod. You CAN'T even look down the gun sights until you unlock this ability! I played for 4 hours thinking it would unlock a run ability but there is no such thing so I wasted my time with that I therefore couldn't return it at 4 hours of gameplay time.  There are some REALLY horrible and glaring choices made with this game. I'll stick with Just Cause 2, or better yet GTAV because the car control STILL sucks in this game just like it did in JC2...but at least I could run!"
,Not Recommended,225540,21163292,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Nejco | H1 REDDIT = CANCER,"FIrstly, this game has tons of good and fun stuff, but sadly it's not finished product. Main problem is performance. Despite how listed specs being fairly low, you won't be able to run this unless you have some decent graphics card like R9 390 or GTX 970 at least. I have run game on lowest, medium, high, and max settings, and performance was all over the place on any settings. It's unlikely that developers will ever fix performance sadly.If you think I'm ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ting you, check other reviews and you will see many people have sadly exprienced same♥♥♥♥♥♥MY MESSAGE TO DEVS AND PUBLISHERS: FINISH THE GAME NEXT TIME IF YOU WANT TO KEEP MY MONEY OR YOU GET NOTHING ME! NOTHING!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19437597,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Psychonaut,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and the shooting is terrible. Who thought it was a good idea to make a game like this WITHOUT A ♥♥♥♥ING AIM BUTTON?
76561198044877388,Not Recommended,225540,19890707,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,OGLESBARRY,Well im not sure what the deal is I have a brand new 1700$ ASUS ROG laptop with a 6700 Skylake and a GTX 980M and 16GB of DDR4 Ram no reason for the LAG ISSUES5/10
,Not Recommended,225540,19891070,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ChrisP_D06,"Poor console port(e.g. you cant click on something on the map, it has to be at the center of the screen...).Controls are way off, unintuitive, and clearly the result of just being slapped on the keys from a controller.Crashes constantly.Driving feels awful on a keyboard.It could be fun but the controls and crashes make it unplayable."
76561198023253406,Not Recommended,225540,19992240,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bart010101,Don't buy it yet.
,Recommended,225540,19410949,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Bigby Wolf,"First Hour Impression :Explosive, we need more explosive :3"
76561198117800742,Not Recommended,225540,19923862,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,wilson!,i refunded this game. the game has many flaws and bugs. the game crashes and lags all the time and came to the point i couldent even play it anymore......not impressed
,Not Recommended,225540,19749088,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Poonslayer23,"I played this game for 30 minutes and I absolutely hated it. There is a story, however, it isn't emphasized enough. The graphics have the ability to be beautiful, but in their current state, it's not even possible to have the full experience. The shooting and HUD is weird. If you want a game where you can destroy everything, buy this game, but only when it's $30 and fixed!4/10 would uninstall again"
76561198057661676,Recommended,225540,19403053,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mason Co.,I got first place in all the multiplayer objectives
,Not Recommended,225540,19543832,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Hey2k4,"This is probably the worst optimized game I've seen in a very, very long time. I'll say upfront, my PC isn't the best, but it's pretty damn good. I'm running-i5 2500 @ 3.3ghz-Nvidia GTX 750ti-8 gigs DDR3Now as I said above, it's not the BEST but with that I've been able to run every modern game to come out at 60fps (Of course optimization is a factor in certain games but every game I've been able to run on high or medium in special cases of a game). I more than match the minimum settings for this game, so I should be in the ballpark of medium-high settings, right? Wrong. This game doesn't even run when I set everything to the lowest. Recommended is 8 gigs but this game has such a horrid memory leak it won't matter, I had task manager on my second monitor, this thing was at 7.75 gigs and seemed to be trying to climb further. The framerate is all over the place but to simplify it, it's almost power point levels of framerate. The game is just not optimized at all, which is ironic because Just Cause 2 was immaculate in its optimization. This though? Horrible, I've read though that Avalanche Sweden did Just Cause 2, and that this was Avalanche New York, whether this is the reason for optimization I am unsure. What matters though is this game is unplayable. I've seen reviews and statements from dozens of people, who all have superior systems than mine claiming how they can't even play this game. I'm well aware they've made a ""statement"" on the matter, but this is unacceptable regardless. It has been 6 days since release and no patch, or word of when the patch will come, or even if they can address the issues has been said. What we have received is basically the statement of ""There is problems with the game, we know, we're gonna fix them, not sure when, not sure if it will even fix the game, but we'll fix it"" I find this unacceptable for a AAA game release. 2015 and 2014 was nothing but a slew of unoptimized game after unoptimized game, it's now common place for these AAA brand new games to release as broken, buggy, unoptimized games, and this is held as acceptable and normal. I can be extremely thankful that Eidos-Montreal delayed Deus Ex Mankind Divided to August 2016, that way when the game comes out it won't be what this, Assassins Creed Unity and many MANY other game releases are. Products in need of more months of development. I can also be thankful that steam has refunds, that way I can spend this $53.99 on something functional. As for the actual gameplay of this, it looks absolutely balls to the wall fun, too bad the game can't run properly so I can enjoy it. Oh well, I won't be buying from Avalanche again unless they actually fix this."
76561198058777721,Not Recommended,225540,25941508,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,زنجي,"this game is a pile of crap do not buy it, if you want it to fly planes or drive expensive cars then you cant get out because avalanche thought it would be funny to despawn them and make you wait half an hour to get another vehicle to despawn, it is cancercancercancercancer"
,Not Recommended,225540,19419918,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Bullborn,Terrible performance and full of bugs. Stay away until patched.
,Not Recommended,225540,19737384,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Raymond Reddington,"The definition of ""Optimize"" is not: ""To decrese performance""I will not recomend this game as I suspect who I recomend it to will suffer the same performance issues as everyone else."
,Recommended,225540,19452418,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Spadger,"JUST SAYIN ♥♥♥♥ERS, I HAVE AN AMD RADEON R9 200 SERIES AND IT RUNS EXTREMELY WELL! STOP ♥♥♥♥ING LYING U SPASTICS!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19854141,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Shrocket,"This game is amazing, if I could run it on my PC. Yeah, sadly, only really high end PC's can run it. :l I would recommend this game but i just cant with the horrible optomization.*Update* I bought an i7 and an asus 1080 and this game is really good. The only downside is you need a 1.5k pc to run it. And just for that im not recommending it."
,Recommended,225540,19404103,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Bat Man,"This game is kinda fun, but not sure atm as to whther its a yay or no as very early in.After reading the other reviews, I can say that currently I am having no performance issues whatsover with this game, in fact I put V-sync ON and limited it to 60FPS due to the massive amount of tearing (1920x1200, everything maxed).Not sure yet whether it will stand the test of time as game seems one sided, but dont slam it if your PC is a pile of s**t."
,Not Recommended,225540,19941638,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Dalekhunter,"HALF OF THE LEVEL GEOMETRY WILL NOT LOAD.Getting this game to work properally is like playing russian roullet with a 6 shot revolver and 7 bullets. When you think it can't get any worse it does.You are a special unicorn to get this thing to work.My Specs.Win 108320 4ghzR9 270X 1100mhz with radeon crimson drivers.8gbs 1600mhz ramHeavy studdering, inconsistant FPS, i verified the drivers, the game cache and cranked it down to the lowest resonlution and settings possible and it simply will not work."
,Not Recommended,225540,19759193,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,SlapnTickle,"Game just doesn't work on PC. Working on a refund now, DON""T BUY THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19857556,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Zampopper,"Played the game for 40 minutes, crashed 3 times. This review is as of 12/22/15. Please please pleassse wait for further updates. Thank god for steam refunds"
76561198115902669,Not Recommended,225540,19736345,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,rene.kalbitz,"Dear reader.This game is just another boring open world game. It lacks any pacing and has no interesting way of telling  the story.A lot of time is spend by getting from Point A to B. The missions are repetitive. The way-points for the next missions that are recommended by Mario (my companion) are not display automatically. So if you have missed what he has just said; well bad luck. So there is no flow in the game. Surely, the physics of the game is pure fun and well done, but that is not enough.I really hope that the game makers in general either learn how to tell a story in an open world game or that they stop doing open world games."
76561198011398776,Not Recommended,225540,19858728,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Riisbdurg,if only this game didnt have the frame rate of a shutter camera mized with a strobe light
76561198065210442,Not Recommended,225540,19405283,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,shadiestundra5,"I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at this game. Launch of this title is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ I open up the game and not even before I finish the first mission, my game crashes. I have to restart it and do the whole thing all over again. I then progress about 5 missions in, and quit the game. I open up the game again later on, and find that nothing saved. There is no saving feature, I don't even know when my game is being saved. I am extremely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,225540,19403784,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Tree,"As of right now this game is god awful. I recognize the I shouldn't rate a game based purely on graphics, so I'll consider the gameplay I've experienced so far and the story.GraphicsThe graphics are god awful for a game made in 2015. Honestly, it looks like an excellent 2012 title. As soon as Steam's servers come back up I'll be asking for a refund. What they showed in trailers and promotional material was deceptive and showed only the prettiest parts of the game, not the flat, watered down textures they delivered. After playing the Witcher 3, it's pretty embarrassing to see this game.GameplayThis is just bad. Many of the mechanics are so poorly thought out and it clashes with the environment. Too painful to keep playing.StoryAhhhh. The story is really bad and the writing and character voicing is borderline cringe worthy. Not really much to say because it's that flat.ConclusionDon't buy this cash grab or whatever it is. It's so bad. I'm trying desperately to request the first refund I've ever asked for on Steam. That should tell you something."
76561198031079172,Recommended,225540,19482179,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,HotterThanYou2,its an ok game
,Not Recommended,225540,19405400,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ZuluSierra96,"so many lagspots, please update these soon, cant even see land or water further than 100 yards away"
,Not Recommended,225540,19416512,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,iammiah,"I'll start by summarizing first. It's a decent game as it stands right now, but it could be so much better.It has improved greatly in most of the gameplay compared to Just Cause 2, traveling via parachute, grappling hook and wingsuit is fast, fluid and fun, vehicles are actually drivable with a keyboard now, and mouse movement feels less clunky. The world, despite its massive size, now feels busy and lively, while retaining plenty of variety in terrain and features. The story and voice acting is surprisingly good, and missions are reasonably varied and fun. Performance wise, Avalanche is known for making good PC ports and this is no different. The options menu is detailed, and performance and graphical fidelity are easily scalable to your system. I'm currently running every setting maxed, except for motion blur which is off, on a GTX970 and the game runs pretty much at a constant 60 fps.However, once you move past this, flaws begin to show themselves, and the feeling of being capable of causing unbridled chaos begins to falter. Immediately noticeable is the online leaderboard functionality. Unless you are desperate to know how you stack up against anyone else playing the game at all times, this is only going to irritate you and interrupt your game. The game will pause everytime connection to the servers is lost (and this currently happens every few minutes), and try to reconnect. If it fails, offline mode can be selected, but the moment you pause or access the ingame menu, it tries to reconnect. This will happen everytime connection is lost. The only way to turn it off is to launch the game with Steam in offline mode, which I feel is unacceptable. This could be fixed simply by having the option to turn online functionality on or off persistently in the options menu. Also, bugs and glitches are not uncommon, with lighting flickering noticeably in some areas, among other things, and game crashes occuring once or twice every few hours.Gameplay wise, the challenges to unlock new features quickly become repetitive, as they rarely allow for the more creative solutions that can be used in normal open world gameplay, instead forcing you to use only certain weapons or vehicles for a particular task. The camera still feels a bit strange, as it follows too closely to vehicles, which makes looking around while driving or flying quite difficult and a bit restrictive, and has a tendency to clip into terrain. Also, despite the incredibly annoying online mode, there has been no confirmation of a co-op or multiplayer mode to truly make use of it.In conclusion, this game needs its own version of JC2's Bolo Patch to truly shine.  A field of view slider would also be a welcome addition, but that would be more of a personal preference. Give players an option to permanently turn off the online mode, some form of co-op or multiplayer, and fix the bugs in addition to that, and only then will I feel that this game is worth a recommendation. That isn't to say that it's a bad game right now, but as someone who played and enjoyed Just Cause 2 and all its mods and silliness, this is a disappointing sequel."
,Not Recommended,225540,19752041,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,AyeWantCandy,"This game is by far the biggest derailment the hype train could ever have had. This game was not thought through at all. It's virtually unplayable for me. But the bits I do play are also terrible! Driving cars for example, you can get better driving games in your local arcade. You can shoot your friends with 1,000,000 rounds of ammunition and they won't even flinch. What the hell? I didn't like JC2 but I felt the same way about Fallout 3 yet Fallout 4 was incredible. So I thought I'd purchase this thinking it'd be the same. DO NOT THINK HOW I THOUGHT. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198035702238,Not Recommended,225540,19892107,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,tylerthefancy,Cannot even play this game. I do not reccomend this game to anyone on the chance that it will also be completely unplayable to them. I have a good PC it just crashes right after the first cutscene. I've looked up possible solutions or causes and have tried different graphical setting but nothing works.Too bad because Just Cause 2 was top notch.
,Recommended,225540,19525082,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Nick Valentine 🌟,Logging in...Performing online login.
,Not Recommended,225540,19944205,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Scarecrow1234,Crashes all the time and is basiclly upnplayable half of the time fps is♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time between 10-25 fps
76561198128616808,Not Recommended,225540,19944367,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,snowguy,i dont know why but every time i start the game it says its playing but it wont launch
76561198065308934,Not Recommended,225540,19945106,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Shadowpupper,"Can't even get this piece of sh*t to start without it crashing. My laptop meets most of the requirments, yet the FARTHEST this game has gone without crashing was just a couple seconds after the first mission began. It usually crashes during the first loading screen that takes you to the main menu. I have even changed the resolution to extremely low, and this garbage can't even get me to the first mission. Just Cause 2 is one of my most favorable games I have ever played. It's an extremely gigantic disappointment that Just Cause 3 is just a piece of junk."
,Recommended,225540,20349867,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,AwperX,EPIC GAME <3 <3
,Not Recommended,225540,19768191,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Arrow768,"This is a really great game with some issuesI was able to play the game though with only a few problems.But I have to downvote the game, because of the online mode:(Those were the facts at the time of writing this review)It slows the loading times down (The game loads much faster when in offline mode)Impossible to disable ingame (There is no way you can disable the online mode via an ingame option)Impossible to play the game in steam offline mode (As of the last update, because the developers want to foce you to use the online mode)So basically the only option I have to play a game that I have bought offline is to wait for a crack ?"
76561198335601648,Not Recommended,225540,31366716,Posted: 25 April,all,Inquisitor Gideon Horst,"Crashes 5 minutes after startup, 14 hours of playtime on it, i cant even return it anymore. This game is horribly optimized. Dont get it."
76561198230277592,Not Recommended,225540,28361154,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,KeK LÖKSMAK,♥♥♥♥ing fun game when it dosent even ♥♥♥♥ing start my computer is beyond the needs for the game and it still dosent want to work fun.
76561198020926392,Not Recommended,225540,19793408,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Strix,"when i saw the release date i was excited for it because it looked fun and exciting on the trailers and having played just cause 2 before, well i was wrong, when i booted up the game it the game stuttered with FPS drops and so on. after a bit of searching i found a temporary solution, but then the game was awefully bland, the minigames leave much to be desired being the same every time.they are also mandatory to have the fun gadgets and upgrades. basicly what you do in this game is liberate the same military bases time after time with little to no variation. i really had more hopes for this game but alas, if a repetitive game where you do the same thing time after time is the thing you like, then this is for you. if you want a game thats fun and not an enormous grind, then this isn't what you're looking for.there also have been an enormous amount of preformance issues, and the always online thing is also bullcrap, once i started steam in offline mode i gained a rather significant boost in FPS.TL:DR :repetitive gameplayalot of preformance issuesbland world and characters"
76561198021916600,Not Recommended,225540,19793901,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mechwarrior,"i do not recomend this game right now. mabye later when they patch it it might be able to WORK but please dont buy it now. just cause more like just dont. know i know this game is good ive seen pepole play it but please PATCH YOUR GAMES,"
,Not Recommended,225540,19427182,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Spicer Jones™,"Great game plagued by DENUVO DRM, online requirements and general bs that takes a toll on performance and playability.Square Enix needs to abandon their draconian views on DRM, and PC consumers, fast."
,Recommended,225540,19405829,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,6 Meter kuk,it sometimes crashes I would be happy if they fixed that (I have a powerfull PC)
,Recommended,225540,19405805,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Cmdo.Delta,"This is sad to see people fastly rated bad this game bad because there is few issues on release. They didnt give the developers the time to fix them nor Nvidia and AMD the time to release drivers. Please input the bad rating of this game to impatient idiots!My PC is borderline for the minimum requirement. The game runs just fine, everything rendering well. The game is more than playable. No I'm not running at highest settings. I put everything at low. But wait! I was not even expecting to be able to play it! So I'm not going to complain. I can enjoy all the features and fun of this game. Too bad for graphics. They must be beautiful but I can play without them. Anyway, when you run, jump, shoot, graple things all around... do you have the time to admire the beautiful flowers on the ground? Answer is no! You'll explode them anyway soon! :PWhat is  better than previous game?- They actually give you hint when you have to clear a place so you dont spend 15 minutes searching for some little hidden things to destroy! You have to search yes, but it's a bit easier and less frustrating.- Less place to clear (in JC2, it was just ridiculous how much little place you had to clear.. OMG)- you can use 2 graples instead of one to graple things together- graple is stronger and wont break for no reason quickly- lot nice weapons like remote explosive that you can place on stuff (3 at same time max)- the wing suit is nice and the parachute feels more nice to me than in previous game- vehicles handling feels more realistic and a bit more challenging- alot of stuff can be destroyed in environement and you can see damage on vehicles where you actualy hit something withSome things that annoy me?- when you hack, you no longer need to type numbers and I think it was kind of entertaining- you cant save the game when you want- there is no difficulty you can chose and I  have no clue if the AI is same for everyone or changing based on some unknow factors (????)Ok, this is personnal preferences but I think the overall game has nice improvement. And for people that have the gear, graphics must be awesome!I think the game is going to be less boring than JC2 because you can interact with so many things in environement.. and the use of 2 graplings to tether many things together.. it's gonna be a nice addon for hours of stupid fun! Like the guy attaching cows to the wind turbine lol!Seriously, get this game.. even more if you enjoyed Just Cause 2!"
,Recommended,225540,19404495,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ccwky12,"once they fix the world not loading get it, its really fun to play and other than a lot of the world being partially invisible (other than a 200 ft. radius around you) there have been no bugs for me, but really, fix the game before you release it next timeEdit: as mentioned in a seperate review, go get the beta drivers for amd and it works flawlessly, ignore the ratings giving it crap for not loading in everything, every other criticism is fair game though"
76561198082174878,Not Recommended,225540,19950471,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Spike,Broken for AMD
,Recommended,225540,19454504,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Dharker,"If you can get past the long loading times and the crashes, which thankfully are slowly getting better patch by patch. Then this game is a lot of fun, underneath the bugs and issues is a beautiful world and a fun sandbox of destruction to enjoy.The toolset they give you is a little overwhelming at first as they give you everything you could ever want within the first hour of playing after that its just learning to use them. So if you can put up with the issues that are gradually getting fixed this is a good game to play.In comparison to Just Cause 2 though it simply isn't as good, action feels slower, movements even with the wingsuit from the near start is slow and driving still sucks alltogether. No-one doubts the beautiful worls or that fun can be had, but in Just Cause 2 it was more fluid and frantic leaving this game feeling a little lackluster in comparison.That being said it is still a fun game to enjoy in its own right."
76561198059937253,Not Recommended,225540,19607663,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,。lee。,the game is good but have lag
76561198268016589,Not Recommended,225540,19796808,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,AcousticLetsplayer,On my brand new computer with a terra-byte of storage 12 Gb of ram and an i-7 intel procsesser it still did'nt work. Actually I don't know if I have'nt recieved the patch yet but so far it can only show the beggining cutscenes. Then it crashes. I had high expectations and this is the game I've been super excited to get. Not to mention it took a super long time to download. Turns out they decided now to make it on windows 10. I think it's weird they make it on new consoles but not computers.
76561197991769907,Not Recommended,225540,19456377,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Zara Larsson,"Until they fix performance, im staying away from this game.."
,Recommended,225540,19405911,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,cstkl1,"game is good. graphics hmm about gta V.Need to get use to that flying, para thingy and using that grapling hook..."
76561198093983287,Not Recommended,225540,19884980,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,jasonweerawardena,"played the game for an hour and got a refund, its not the fact that its buggy, I didn't really get too many bugs but the gameplay just isn't fun after an hour or so and it becomes a chore after a while, the map is very empty despite it being vast and the combat is basically the same each time, go to an enemy base shoot everyone, blow stuff up then onto the next area. I can see they tried but it just didn't work so I don't recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,225540,19407467,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Tbk,"Cannot recommend this in its current state, long loading time at the begin just to invite you to login for a single-player game, after the long loading time you get a cutscene that seemed to run at 10-20 fps however fraps doesn't work with it so I can't tell, upon using the game's inbuilt skip cutscene button the game's video frooze but the audio continued to play until it crashed, on top of this there is no option for windowed borderrless."
,Not Recommended,225540,19407581,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Doc Harrop,I like what I was able to play of this but as you'll see time and time again in these negative reviews. This thing needs some serious patching.  I couldn't get past a certain area without it crashing. Up until that point I had no issues at all.  It really is a fun game. I will redo this review when it's playable but save your money for the time being folks!
,Not Recommended,225540,19407763,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Rasori,"Wanted to give a heads up to anyone with my PC specs, who want to know how it'll run for them. I have a GTX 770, i7 4770 3.4ghz and 8 gigs of RAM on Windows 7 and it runs anywhere from ok to not very ok.On Low settings with all the fancy stuff off at 1080p, I get about 50-60fps depending on where I want to move the camera, which is good until it stutters or freezes and your happy with the game looking ok. On max settings with everything on at 1080p, I get about 14-50fps most of the time, and it will stutter and freeze like crazy, we're talking next level stutter, like you think it froze but it didn't, I would say it's unplayable on max settings cause most of the time you will need to aim or glide to where you need to go, it's a shame too cause it looks great on max. turning mostly everything off is how you would be playing it right now.So at the moment I would say to anyone thinking of buying it with my specs, probably wait until hopefully an Nvidia driver update comes out to fix some of these issues aswell as game patches and things like that. With all the issues resolved, it could be a great game, it's just not there yet for me"
,Not Recommended,225540,19415295,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Methcapades,"First things first, this game is good or it will be in the future. The gameplay mechanics are solid, its fun, exciting and energetic, it's everything I loved about JC2 and more. Sadly in its current state I can't recommend it though, it runs like a snail on vallium, with constant frame rate drops and I don't mean slight drops, I'm talking 15 - 17FPS drops, pair that with screen tearing and you've got an experience that isn't enjoyable or appealing to look at, almost unplayable. Even with the NVIDA Experience update it's very clunky. If you're thinking of getting this game you might want to hold off until they patch and optimise it better, but if you can bare through the frame rate issues you'll find a gem of a game, really looking forward to changing my review (hopefully)."
76561197999351175,Not Recommended,225540,19783270,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Thun,"my issue is with the controls. while the game concepts are fun, every activity (driving, flying, boating, etc) control very poorly. 90% of the time you can't do what you want or go where and how you want to. the keyboard/mouse controls are poorly implemented and the camera while doing anything points to wherever it wants and not where you want it to point (even with auto-track switched off).compared to games like GTA, Mad Max, even (very) old games like mafia or LA Noire, any form of vehicle control is incredibly cumbersome and transforms the game in an incredibly frustrating experience.would have preffered a lower concern for graphics quality and a much higher emphasis on gameplay."
,Not Recommended,225540,19412020,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,dug,"Foreward: This review's real focus is pretty autistic in how narrow it is, but it was the first indication that this PC port was a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥afterthought. As if the very second the console SKU they actually cared about selling went gold, they submitted this garbage to Steam. For me, the graphics and performance and gameplay problems just unraveled from there, which I'm sure you've read about in other reviews.Holding down the F key for more than a second triggers the ""detonate explosives"" action, no matter how you've actually set your keybinds. For instance, I use ESDF controls instead of WASD, and F should mean ""move right,"" and ""detonate explosives"" is some pinky key or tertiary mouse button somewhere.I hope I don't have to explain how this is a problem, so I will speculate about the cause.Console gamepad controls - ""throw grenade"" and ""detonate explosives"" are bound to the same button on gamepads, distinguished by tap/hold. By default, tapping the F key throws grenades. Of course holding down the grenade button will trigger remote explosives - this is how the controls were designed.For however many millions of dollars and tens of thousands of man hours were spent on developing and testing this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ nobody noticed an issue that made this game borderline-unplayable to me within ten minutes of installing.Wingsuit is cool though, good job everybody, you did it!"
,Recommended,225540,19457978,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,use643,"Now that I have finished the game, I am going to write a in-depth review.I found this game incredibly entertaining. Wether I was working on story missions, capturing military bases, or just getting myself caught into 5-star chase scenes, I enjoyed every second. I feel some of the actual story missions were very similar to themselves, very much like the story to its prior expansion.The DLC for this game has brought very interesting mechanics into the game, some never seen before to this franchise. The next expansion will definitely bring meback into this game for at least another 20 hours.The performance usually ran around  ~ 40 fps, sometimes reacing the 130's, and sometimes dropping into the single digits. Because this is a port, one of the campaign missions is near impossible to beat without seeking the internet for assistance in how to complete it.Positives:Large worldMany things to keep you entertainedEasy to use interface and controlsNegatives:Performance (sometimes really interferes, might just be my pc though)Lots of empty space for just sheer map expansionStory missions repeat themselvesPerformance: usually above 60 fps, sometimes randomly drops for a few seconds.Playing on fx-6350 and gtx 960I reccommend this game and if you can get it on sale, you should strongly consider it."
76561198022860430,Recommended,225540,19909584,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,justinfreak,FUN
76561198096895709,Recommended,225540,19493486,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,JohnnyBoyMF,over 60 fps maxed outi7 4930k gtx 970amd people suffer!
,Not Recommended,225540,19409556,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Enoxis,"15FPS ingame cutscenes, shadows flickering all over the place, controls made by someone without hands and/or eyes.waited for several years for this, refunded on day 1."
76561198091375674,Recommended,225540,30057808,Posted: 20 February,all,inces5ant,"I really like this game now. Wish he could crawl, take cover, sprint, grab ledged and things like that for immersion perposes but its fun and the story is ok however cheesy. Dudes voice still annoys me."
76561198057915353,Recommended,225540,19526907,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,PootieTang,It's good stuff
76561198050897544,Recommended,225540,19533822,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Skurkas Lurkas,"Extremely good game about explosions and having fun doing whatever you can think of!When i thought the game could not become better, it gave me a rocket launcher that shoots nukes to prove me wrong.Edit: Now after patch 1.02 the game also runs extra well on my 8 GB RAM, which was a problem before the patch."
,Recommended,225540,19446991,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Good Thins,BEST GAME EVER
,Not Recommended,225540,32093309,Posted: 31 May,all,WatchingPornEcksDee,"This game have so many  bug.  dont buy it, you will regret it. The campaign is only 5h and you have nothing to do after at least you want to destroy all the base but after 6 , its alway the same thing and its boring hf"
,Not Recommended,225540,32054442,Posted: 29 May,all,rhowes,unless you have a gtx1080 and more than 16g of system ram its not worth it constant fps dips and crash make this game unplayable i maybe get 20 min of game play before the memory leak lockes up my whole system cant even get into task manager or alt f4 it to get it to close have to restart with button on case
,Recommended,225540,19479926,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lasse,"Dissapointed in the vehicle mechanics, prefered how it was in JC2 way more. Even tho i just use the wingsuit now i don't feel like dirving a car cause it's simply not any fun.Where b the multiplayer?I'm not going to comment on performance issues due to lack of gear and you're prolly working on it :) Love the game."
,Not Recommended,225540,19420030,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Hazmire,"I want to like this. I really do.Having been a massive fan of both the original and second Just Cause games, I was eager for this to come out. I remember playing the second Just Cause and being amazed at the graphics, and laughing at the many hidden secrets in the game.Thankgod I didn't get hype for this one... Despite the fun I had randomly driving around and blowing things up in the two previous titles, this one just fails to suffice.Even if you are a big fan of explosions, and unlocking cool gadgets and weaponary you may wanna give this game a miss. It just doesn't do enough to be different from the other games. The jump from the first game to the second was massive, enchanced grappling, better driving/flying/swimming, loads of easter eggs, amazing visuals that hold up to todays standards. In comparison all this third installment does is add a physics engine which causes more problems than it fixes, good luck blowing things up when objects randomly spin around and clip through one another eventually killing you. The majority of buildings are also invincible, meaning the only things you will be destroying are the pre placed enemy strongholds put there for that exact purpose. If you like this kind of game you will likely have played Mercanaries 2, in which you could destroy EVERYTHING! And that was a ps2 game!This game fails to make the leap that Rico did in the originals. This is probably due to the fact you aren't even Rico anymore, just a Nathan Drake rip off. This uninspired character literally represents the game as a whole, bland and watered down.The only plus to this game is the ability to winch objects, and the graphics which on occasion look good. Please save your money, and buy Just Cause 2. With the multiplayer mod and some graphical enhancement mods it will look and play amazingly, and offer much more value for money than this.Sidenote: I wish this game were good. It looks great, and feels amazing. But the serious lack of actual content makes it suffer. If this game gets mod support and/or multiplayer then it will be a must buy!"
,Recommended,225540,29906396,Posted: 13 February,all,T.w² Freedom,10/10 for waisting my time.*Spawned In*Blew♥♥♥♥♥♥up*Killed Myself With Rocket Launcher*Respawn*Do a mission where you blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up*Die*RepeatHours of fun
,Not Recommended,225540,29980719,Posted: 17 February,all,Ege,runs like someone used a calculator to port this game to pc
,Not Recommended,225540,19943622,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rocket Pak,Cannot get past one of the first missions because of a documented glitch where you cannot detonate the explosives to blow up the bridge.
,Recommended,225540,19427163,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,lolPants,"Heartily reccomend this game. I've been having pure, non-stop fun for every minute I've been playing."
76561198271291863,Not Recommended,225540,29276304,Posted: 15 January,all,sanburnn,"this games is piece of sh**t ,, dont buy"
,Not Recommended,225540,23431962,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kye,after stealing a super computer from NASA I can finally run this game in 60fps on low(My Pc is actually pretty beefy and I can barely play this game)However if you work at NASA go a head
,Recommended,225540,19422304,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Killerjerick,"Honestly, there are a lot of people whining on the review section because they don't get 60fps on max graphics, it's a demanding game, that's true, but it's very fun.Some people have been experiencing crashes, sure, unfortunately this is bound to happen with todays technology, Avalanche neither has the manpower nor time to test EVERY SINGLE hardware configuration, be patient, they will fix the issues.Now on to my personal experience, I don't have an amazing rig:CPU: Intel i7 2700K @ 3.6ghzGPU: Nvidia Geforce Gtx 660ti (2gb)Ram: Corsair Vengeance 16GB @ 800mhz (I know, slow clockspeed)HDD: Western Digital 1TB HDD 5400 RPMBut I can honestly say, this game runs better than I expected, everything on medium, SSAO off, AA 2x, shadows low, and motion blur off, I'm getting a solid 35-40fps whilst flying around not in combat, I could turn everything to low to increase it but I like it with the current settings, the only problem I have had with Just Cause 3 so far is a bit of frame stuttering and freezing in the menu, but it recovers after about 2-3 seconds and it's not too common. Yes, this game is demanding, yes this game has issues, yes there are a lot of crashes right now, however, patience is a virtue, wait a day or two for all the kinks to be worked out and I'm almost certain most of these bugs will be fixed.On to the actual review:Pros:+Explosions+Massive World+Compete on the leaderboards+Missions aren't too linear+Combat feels fluid and dynamicCons:-Optimisation needs work-Lack of health bar means it's difficult to tell how many more bullets you can take before dying-Keyboard Controls are Clunky luckily you're able to re-map them or use a controller-Few Launch bugs that will most likely be ironed outSummary, if you enjoyed Just cause 2 (Single Player), definitely pick this game up, it's great fun, looks great and feels great, wait a few days before purchasing though as there are a few launch issues that need to be worked out, The story isn't great, but it doesn't need to be, Just Cause 3 makes up for it in so many different ways."
,Not Recommended,225540,19689814,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Everyman,"15 fps on a mondern rig that runs Witcher 3, GTAV, etc., just fine.Thank god for steam refunds."
,Recommended,225540,23350380,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Aku,FREAKING MECHS
,Not Recommended,225540,19448588,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ladlego,The Bugs are real (I will remove this once they have patchedSPOILER! RICO IS ACTUALLY ITALIAN!! WUTTTTT!?!?!??!?!?!
,Recommended,225540,19540989,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,☭Nostromo☭,Buggy but very very good  9/10
76561198087205371,Recommended,225540,19528856,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Patrick Star,IAM NVIDIA USER AND THIS GAME IS SO AWESOME !!! 2 thumbs UP !YOU MUST PLAY THIS GAME!
76561198123258008,Not Recommended,225540,22269062,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,marijan773,Nice beta Avalanche.
,Not Recommended,225540,19715794,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Dog la,Poorly optimised for PC well done avalanche!!
,Not Recommended,225540,21636504,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Credit MacDaddy,"The only thing this game has going for it is it's arcade-like gameplay, but when that joy wears off in precisely 2 hours and 10 minutes, you realise you're stuck with an unoptimised, sub-par looking, poorly written story.F∪ck."
,Not Recommended,225540,28383235,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Menace シ,I wouldn't recommend buying this game on a medium spec gaming laptop unless you're planning to go through the hassle of adjusting this game to the point where it doesn't run on garbage frame rates and on a 1920x1080 screen resolution.
,Recommended,225540,19419810,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Vesty,v.good
,Not Recommended,225540,19451106,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,RussianPrince,Not as fun as 2. Something is just missing about the whole experience. The physics are not as fun and cars drive soooooo poorly .
,Not Recommended,225540,31282394,Posted: 21 April,all,PifcoGrizzly,"Just cause is a franchise that I hold dear, playing the original and sinking some 400 hours into just cause 2, however with the third iteration I am very disappointed with not only the gameplay, but also the technical aspects of the game.So, let’s begin:TechnicalThis game suffers from random crashes that seems to happen between 5 minutes of starting the game and about 30 minutes, but every single time I have opened this game and tried to play for an extended period of time, it has resulted in a crash. This is a massive downside to me because a few of my favorite games in terms of gameplay have been ruined by random crashes like this (Namely the Forza series). Other than the random crashing, I have had problems with the logging in system for the leaderboards that would interrupt gameplay. if you purchase this game in hopes of a flawless experience, prepare to be disappointed.GameplaySo, the gameplay, the real meat and potatoes, if you can look past technical problems, this is what matters. As far as the core elements of the game, such as the wing suiting and parachuting are concerned, are great. the wing suiting is the absolute best element of the game for me, it is fun, satisfying, and with some of the DLC it turns Rico into a human jump-jet. the driving and flying however, are a different story. it seems like everything from the way the cars handle to the shooting controls on the jets feel engineered to play best on a controller, frankly driving the cars in this game with a mouse and keyboard can be completely impossible or at the very least annoying as the handling is sluggish and the camera is god-awful, although this isn’t as much of an issue for me as I generally just use the wingsuit to get around. in general, don’t expect much from the vehicles in this game. the grappling and shooting in this game aren't bad at all, but the shooting can be a little tricky with the lack of any small centered reticle, but it doesn’t lose anything from me for that.GraphicsIn terms of appearance, this is where the game shines for me, a beautiful world, very saturated graphics and just an overall scenic and fantasy type feel really give the game a great vibe. The framerate is not bad for me, although I am running a 1070, I have heard that framerates can be bad on the mid to lower end. while I miss the jungle theme of just cause 2, it is nice to see something different in the series of games. Just cause 3's explosions and particles are very well done, and overall I really enjoy the look and feel of this game.Final thoughtsI feel like Just Cause 3 could have been one of my favorite games, but I can’t look past the technical issues and the poor controls and driving/flying. Personally, driving in just cause 2 was one of my favorite things to do and even though it is not a core element of the game I feel that it could have been done so much better. with GTA-style driving and more polish on the technical side of things this game would be so much better for me. The DLC isn't worth it in my opinion, and the price is steep, but if you can find it on sale for 75% off I would probably pick it up, otherwise stay clear."
,Not Recommended,225540,20022237,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,bruce!,Game stutters more than Jimmy on South Park.CPU: Intel Core i7 6700K @ 4.00GHzGraphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 (EVGA)
76561198119608196,Not Recommended,225540,19451233,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,pcilluminati,good game kinda from the start just for me ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥ my specs aren't bad just lacking in the graphics card area for having recommended put graphics setting on low still♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,225540,19458396,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,I Love Cereal,"I hope that you'll fix crushes, bugs and freezes, and that I'll change the review for that amazing game, which I was waiting for!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19856842,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,BeHamro,I wouldnt recommend it cause it wouldn't even start but the times to get in seem to be pretty long so if u wanna wait 11 minutes to get into the game go ahead. though dont take this to heart because i dont have a whole lot of experience on it.
,Not Recommended,225540,33243118,Posted: 4 July,all,Nathanderal,"Still has game-breaking bugs that have been around since release.  Homing missiles won’t lock, which renders at least one mission impossible to complete! Hydra missile launcher sometimes just won't shoot.  The game starts out fun, but gets repetitive and frustrating.  Enemies become bullet sponges and will quickly detach your tether from themselves.  Not a bad game, but I can’t recommend it with the unfixed bugs."
,Recommended,225540,19416971,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,St0Rm,this is a great game for those people that would love some Michael Bay action.
,Not Recommended,225540,19417867,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Lord Chilled,"TL;DR: Wait until a patch comes out.From all the videos that have come out, i knew this game would be amazing, which it is. There are just some major problems that makes the game unplayable.Sweet jesus the loading times. All the loading screens I have sat through have lasted between 15 and 20 minutes of tool tips and screenshots of the fun i could be having. Now I hit all the system requirements confortably but i havent managed to get over 10fps in the actually gameplay. Menus and Cutscenes are fine (mostly) but when there was as 20 minute load between two cutscenes, the second one dropped a few frames.I want to recommend this game because the features inside of it are really good but to get to them you have to slog through the 5fps gameplay and major loading times. Just wait until they have fixed the optimization before picking it up."
,Recommended,225540,19567605,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ISX,"Just Cause 3...What to say.. I've never played Just cause 1 or 2 before, and jumped right into 3.I loved the game and every moment of it, I 100%'d the game, with 70 hours in the game (could've been a lot faster if i knew certain things beforehand).Pros:- The game looks amazing, I'm playing on ultra and had no problems at all regarding performance- There is not a single moment you fly or drive over the map, where you don't see something to do- There are an incredible amount of unique ways to blow things upCons:- The game still has some bugs (mostly in the mountain area), where things don't render well- If you play keep continously playing, the game starts to feel incredibly repetative (blow up this, blow up that)- The challenges seem dull overall, and you can't upgrade mods in the order you wish to- There is no HP-bar, your screen just becomes white if you get really close to dying, that's it- It's insanely hard to die, if there is an airstrike hitting you, you don't die, in some (smaller) bases you can just run around and defeat the chaos objects without caring about enemies and you'll clear your heat level by winning over the base- You always NEED to be online, there's always online feats people can beat you on, and you can only play offline once the server disconnects, and then it tries to reconnect EVERY time you open up the mapOverall would I recommend this game?Yes, I definitly would, but I'd also advise people to wait till it is on sale, cause it's not worth it in my opinion to drop 60$ or your equivalent for it, when the game ends up being ""all about the same thing: defeating chaos objects""It's extremely entertaining, but also extremely repetative at some pointsPS:I've played the game on all settings maxed out, with a i7-4790 and gtx 970 with 16Gb RAM"
,Not Recommended,225540,19738856,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Lista,"This is a broken game across various extremley high end and lowest end systems. There is laptops running this better than some high end PC's. The games been out two weeks and finally there has been a patch...Which fixes none of these gamebreaking issues and is actually instead giving me new crashes & errors which I've never experienced before. This is unacceptable as it has once again happened where the developers clearly did not test this enough, made sure everything was running correctly, but were happy to actively promote this and have it gone ""gold"" atleast a month before release, I've never ever ever had a game which is to the point of unplayable like this and I actually regret not understanding the refund policy alot more before this released as I would 100% demand money back, bear in mind my game time is mostly made up of the game actually failing to launch and nonsense loading times.The dev's appear to have just lost insight with the gamers themselves, certain features removed such as crouching and sprinting to, according to the developers 'reasons', encourage the use of grapple and parachuting basically. Vehicle mechanics should be frowned upon massively, i'll agree majority of the cars seem to be alot more driveable than Just Cause 2, but motorcycle handling is just a complete ♥♥♥♥ up. Same can be said about the helicopters which appear to just dart around like a ping pong ball on a piece of rope. Having to do all the challenges to unlock the gear mods can be fustrating, you can go all out and take down a military base against all different waves of enemies, building up your chaos points but does it get you anything? No. To get a gear mod you then have to revisit this base which you've already taken over, with 0 opposition just destroying the things you just did but in a time limit or point scoring combo, or better yet, doing a bike / car time trial and more often than not, flying off course due to the handling or crashing into something because your fps will drop to 4. Another huge gripe is the leaderboards. This wouldn't be a problem if it could be simply turned off, but no. Do you really care that another player in another country has done x amount of headshots in a single killing spree more than you? And it will give you a constant reminder of this. Why the developers see THIS as something good to have in the game, but take out things such as minimap, crouching and sprinting really does make you wonder if they are really on the same planet as everyone else.If you really want a mediocore, sandbox, open world do what you want game which is a complete gamble as to whether it will run amazingly or terrible for you then Just Cause 3 is the game to go, but i'd atleast wait until the game is on sale and yes there may be patches and updates but it shouldn't of been released in the current state it is in, hopefully the developers do spend some time and effort, they clearly will have the funds to put this right but actions speak louder than words and releasing a patch which hasn't really fixed a thing (the 'fixes' they were actually working on anyway, was not the fixes the majority of the community was calling out for) kinda begins the nail in the coffin progress.But if you are a fan of Just Cause series like many of us, then don't buy into this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t til its fixed and continue to enjoy a working, fun, non tedious game such as Just Cause 2"
,Recommended,225540,19744329,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,If My 🅿🅾cket H🅰d Moneys,"as the first i like this game beautiful landscape fly over it bomb the bride amazing explosive destruction and lot a way to play with your grab hook so much fun man!but one damn thing it ruin this game is just studpid military base system if you want to get enemy base you have to destroy gas battery rader whateverIf i met big military base i I run around in the damn base 30-60 mins not because it hard, it because i can't find it where the heck is gas, really hard to find make player spend a lot of time to the game?Every time with big military base have to find all this♥♥♥♥♥♥over over over and over again it not fun at all pointless and waste the time make me pretty bore it should be one my favorite game in this year not like this damn.I still recomend anyway maybe just me to have that stupid problem."
76561198093874890,Not Recommended,225540,23286419,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,lordvain936,"I bought this game at full retail, that was a mistake. Should have pirated it first to see if i could even run it. Have nvidea 980 on the lowest settings windowed mode. Looked like i was playing a slide show. I loved the Just cause Series and this turned me the ♥♥♥♥ off. fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥and optimize your game."
76561197971996267,Not Recommended,225540,19458309,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,the.maxx,"Crashes, bad framerates, game not optimised and released unfinished, not worth the price. Wait for a few patches at least."
,Not Recommended,225540,19950790,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[NCE]RotInPixels,"I freakin loved JC2, and hoped JC3 would be as great as JC2 was, but I was mildly disappointed. JC3 (as of 12/25/15) is laggy, choppy, and just...bleh. The controls for wingsuiting and the grapple hook is sub par, driving controls are abismal, the UI is a mess compared to the old one (BIGGEST COMPLAINT!), and the mouse sucks at setting waypoints (if you click on the center of a city/town/village and do the ""set waypoint"", the waypoint will be set 500 meters off of the target, which is extremely annoying. The UI in the old game had every single settlement labelled with a white dot when it was uncompleted, now everything is unmarked and they expect you to get everything. Another thing i fell in love with about JC2 was the amount of♥♥♥♥♥♥you could destroy. There was upwards of 1,000 settlements to liberate in JC2, and from what the map looks like, id say they cut that in half, then cut it in half again. Sure, the graphics are great and all, but games need to have good controls and good UI first. To those of you who are probably thinking ""Um, you dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥ your graphics card probably sucks, turn down your graphics"", i have a GTX 880M, and an i7, and as i play the game i have it currently set to everything on the medium graphics setting. Still getting lag/choppy gameplay. Overall, JC3 is an embarassment to the series, i do NOT recommend this game to anybody until Squeenix gets its♥♥♥♥♥♥together and fixes this broken mess. They shouldn't have even released this game yet, they should've worked on it longer (take a page out of Klei entertainment's book!). Anyway im done ranting, i dont care if you disagree or agree, just take what ive said into consideration."
,Not Recommended,225540,32830388,Posted: 26 June,all,WumboRick,Great game on console but the Game ran terrible on PC.
76561198077160769,Recommended,225540,19441111,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Rickados,Basicly GTA5 destruction on steriod with Micheal Bay directing it + wingsuet and infineite C4also runs amasingly
76561198239050018,Recommended,225540,19408323,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,jlt401,had to tweak some settings but running a solid 50-60fps and is a blast so far... get it blast...Running a GTX 960 EVGA card
76561198189523901,Recommended,225540,28367665,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,killington,"This is a great game, I am 75 years old and I love this game I just wish I had a faster PC as mine lags quite a bit but I still think it's great."
76561198034978753,Recommended,225540,19408352,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Soap,Michael Bay Approved!
,Not Recommended,225540,20500525,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Jordan,♥♥♥♥
76561197975567172,Not Recommended,225540,19419233,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,raouls,I have a top of the line 15 grand gaming rig. wont even start up. will crash on launchI have no tolarance tor incompatance mostly from tiple a titles!!!my score 0 out 10 - another game company that is total garbage.
,Not Recommended,225540,19419221,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ÆSTRAL,"I love this game. But it's not properly optimized for any computers OS. Because upon launching or changing settings, It tends to destroy every prossess and stop your computer from functioning, hence forth, you need to restat your pc at least 7 times more a day because JC3 likes to crash. ALOT"
,Recommended,225540,19992428,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Xaniac csgobig.com,It's a drug you can't stop playing it. AND a rage simulatorI attacked an outpost got 4 heat and a helicopter started to chase me i grappled up to the heli and when i was there the heli shot me down while i was underneath it... Then i fell down to a couple of soldiers which threw a nade on me and i was still on the ground so i couldn't make my way up and i exploded.9/11 would rage again.
,Not Recommended,225540,29210081,Posted: 12 January,all,Lyrical,"Terribly unoptimized.Boot it up for the first time and it mentions I ""Have under the reccomended RAM on my system to optimally play.""I have 8GB of RAM, and so I check the Steam page for both minimum and recomended requirements ... 8GB.I try out the game, and even on the lowest settings and resolution possible, I only ever get 40 FPS or less.I have a GTX 790 with 3 GB VRAM. *Checks the steam reccomended requirements* ... GTX 780 3 GB VRAM.So why the hell is this game running so poorly? I have all the reccomended requirements and above, yet I can't get 60 FPS on the lowest ♥♥♥♥ing settings.How do you expect anybody with a mid-tier high-tier PC to play your game Square Enix? Please, enlighten me. I have two other friends in the exact same situation as me, so it's not a user error. I've reinstalled the game on two different systems as well.In summary, if you have a beefy PC and aren't afraid to throw $60 at it, go ahead! Otherwise, Don't bother. It's a waste of RAM and time (That was a joke about the horrendous memory leaks).3/5"
76561198042163511,Not Recommended,225540,19405580,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,HeimerDinger,"Have above the recomended specs, runs like♥♥♥♥♥ Do not buy."
,Recommended,225540,19751344,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Braquiador,You can blow up almost everything10/10 IGN
,Not Recommended,225540,19888759,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Noob-Noob,"Abysmal story, janky physics."
,Not Recommended,225540,33194506,Posted: 3 July,all,Argon,"Crashes more than you can play it, tried for 3 hours to fix it, couldn't get a refund afterwards. Hard to play. Buggy mess."
76561197982593636,Not Recommended,225540,33721807,Posted: 22 July,all,Alex,"I wasn't expecting much from this game, but it still managed to disappoint. There are so many other open world action games more deserving of your time. Most damningly, I would include Just Cause 2 among them.Full disclosure: I only played about an hour of this before writing this review. Perhaps it gets amazing after that point, but it left a very poor first impression.First of all, the controls do not feel good. I used a gamepad. The y-axis is more sensitive than the x-axis, meaning that your view can zig-zag unless you have a very deft touch, making aiming frustrating and difficult. Adding to this is bizarre analog stick acceleration, which sees your camera accelerate from a crawl to a 180 degree turn. This can result in a disorienting experience and, again, makes aiming difficult.Secondly, performance and reliability seem suspect, with an endless loading screen within the first 10 minutes that forced me to play the introductory mission twice. My PC has pretty good performance and is a very common configuration, so that was troubling.Thirdly, the missions I played felt directionless and very poorly tutorialized. The third mission I played, which involved clearing a settlement, gave no indicication of how you were supposed to complete one your objectives, and I had to consult Google to find out how to complete the mission. All in all, I found I was relying solely on my experience of Just Cause 2 to figure out controls and get through the initial missions, since the game doesn't deliver its tutorials or surface important information well.Finally, and linked to mission design, is how the game doles out upgrades to your items and abilities. These are now tied to completing challenges, which is a very unfortunate choice. This are your standard time trial challenges and fly-through-the-rings challenges that we all know and (don't) love. This were the things that I found least interesting and generally avoided in Just Cause 2, so to see them spun out into a major gameplay element in Just Cause 3 feels so backward.With so many amazing open world action games on the market at the moment, it is very difficult to recommend Just Cause 3. In many ways it feels like a throwback to open world games of the early 2000s, not just in tone but unfortunately in how it plays and controls. So many games of this ilk nail basic stuff like camera and movement controls nowadays that it quite frankly feels odd to go back to something that doesn't."
,Not Recommended,225540,22969661,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Abram Volkov,"fun game i really like the just cause series and i would recommend it if it was not for the fact that the game crashes at least once on every mission forcing me to play replay and replay the same stupid  missions it gets VERY annoying  and takes all of the fun out of the game hope they fix this problem but i doubt they willfun game though... when its not randomly crashing and losing all progress youve madeget it on sale not worth full price as iscrashed 15 times in 20 hours.. ""your computer is the problem""..yeah?you think so? because i just dropped $600 on upgrades 2 weeks ago so i could run dark souls 3, sooo.. im pretty sure my computer is not the problem... yeahand of course 20 hours and 11 denied refund requests so ill just go ♥♥♥♥ myself i guess. you certainly conned me you capitalist jewsput in a refund request directly to square.. well see what happens.. ""we do suggest contacting the retailer that the title was purchased from and request a refund inquiry through them."" oh, ok ill just go fist myself with a handful of broken glass then.. thanksjust dropped another 500$ on a new motherboard processor and more ram... never thought i would ever have to spend $1000 to run a stupid game. hope these upgrades work if not, then ♥♥♥♥ you squarewell, even after $1000 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars of upgrades it still crashes cool you ♥♥♥♥ing got me again ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s good ♥♥♥♥ing joke. now excuse me while i go ♥♥♥♥ing fist my rectu m with a handful of dull razor blades you ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥sucking ♥♥♥♥♥♥s! ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME!"
76561198042986440,Not Recommended,225540,19404309,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,cgypunk,i dont think the game crashes enough ! im asking for a refund asap
76561198027257731,Not Recommended,225540,19408181,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Arcamean,"Nope with a capital N is how I'd rate this game, I'd love to play more and see if it gets better but steam has a two hour MAX refund policy and I don't want some lengthy cinematic to push me over. If you enjoyed Just Cause 2... keep playing it over JC3 unless you're a complte diehard fan.The controls are drunk, ""Who-gives-a-damn-where-the-road-is"" quality, even JC2 which vehicular controls were bad. Yes these controls make JC2 look like Gran Turismo... GRAN TURISMO! It's no wonder they had pre-order bonsues and boy did I fall for them! Well Enix... take em back I don't give a damn. I wasn't expecting snap precision but F*CK if the INTRO controls are this bad I do not want the stress of a timed mission to deal with. Oh and the starter car on the VERY FIRST MISSION... it's a bloody tin can that exlodes after the oh I dunno I think it was 3rd or fouth strike from the many pursueing trucks? If you play this with Mr.Antifun's cheat trainer, you'll probably have a blast! If you want to play legitimately... stick to Fallout 4 as your go to shoot em up game."
76561198076302149,Not Recommended,225540,19416031,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,vebjorn.gaming,"So far ive met alot of bugs, and the one that may annoy me the most is jumping, i dont know if this is a bug or not, but when i am at the edge of objects i can not jump of or like, just walk of i have to use grapling hook etc etc... can anyone confirm  or help me with this shiz?"
,Not Recommended,225540,19423294,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Spectrum,"So much potential, so much promise, nothing but disapoitment. I was gullable to Square Einx's lies, promises of a much more densly packed pack which turned out to be 60% ocean forrest or fields. promises of a better handling line which ended up being outright worse than Just Cause 2.Not to mention the challenges which a fair amount of the challenges are physically impossible to do and don't relate in any way to the things that you use. Doing bike races for plane upgrades, grapple challenges for grenade upgrades. Explain how their related to what I'm using Square Einx.If you're new to the Just Cause series I would consider getting the game. If you're a Just Cause 1 and Just Cause 2 fan I would stick with Just Cause 2. As everything this game Just Cause 2 does, and many aspects of Just Cause 2 are done a lot better than Just Cause 3, more chaos, better handling, better map, less restricting."
,Recommended,225540,24976807,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,EULA violationつ ◕_◕ ༽つ,"I did not play this game on a low end PC, so I cant comment on that. But a high end PC will run this game no problems and is definatly worth the money.I will say gameplay does get a little bit repetitive but still fun."
,Not Recommended,225540,35071328,Posted: 19 September,all,澳门首家赌场上线啦,Get bored after long time of playing
76561198259804548,Not Recommended,225540,20813373,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,MrFunanaBunana,Runs worse than my dead grandma
,Recommended,225540,23036669,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,gregolego,1. get JC32. blow up a building3. ???4. profit!!!
76561197965778158,Recommended,225540,28356972,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cubertt,"While the game is fun, as El Presidente of Tropico, I must say this this game sends a terrible message.Really, this game is like a hybrid of GTA, Far Cry, which a splash of Batman thrown. Also add in with a bunch of explosions and terrible physics. So far is seems like a fun sandbox game with some solid cut scenes."
76561198056578895,Recommended,225540,19808945,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,TimX24968B,"If you want a good story, go play something else.  If you are looking to have fun (unless an amazing story is considered fun to you) and blow stuff up, this is a game you will like.playing this game for the story is like watching porn for the story.This game is the whole reason i need a new graphics card.9/10 needs more explosions (the ground won't explode, neither will the water)UPDATE:I really dislike how alot of people can't overlook technical issues and actually look at the game (especially when they expect the game to be fixed for them, instead of finding a way to fix their computer for the game, but i guess its kinda hard to when you can't even play the game.)  I found it to be a fun game, but alot of people had expectations that were nowhere near that of a just cause game.  You wouldn't get a game like guitar hero and complain about how there aren't enough guns and action in it (without mods, of course), so why would you expect a game like just cause, where your primary method of getting around is A GRAPPLING HOOK AND PARACHUTE to have great driving mechanics?also seems like alot of people don't play it with a controller, but instead, keyboard (not saying you don't but for those who do, WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ WOULD YOU STEER WITH TWO BUTTONS AND NO ANALOG?!)"
,Recommended,225540,34285601,Posted: 16 August,all,zebroto,Three words...   wingsuit and grappling hook(It may be four words)
76561198072760352,Recommended,225540,19536896,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Hotdog Jake,"Disregarding the story, it's one of the best open world games i've ever played. The wingsuit alone makes for hours of flying fun. An extremely large world (about 1 1/2 times larger than JC2) and insanely beautiful and well designed. There's talk of a multiplayer being added in the future which would make this game one of the most fun games i've ever played."
76561198113291506,Not Recommended,225540,32780596,Posted: 25 June,all,Pickle Rick!!!,Framerate:60606060590302506060606002Game has Frozen
,Recommended,225540,29944035,Posted: 15 February,all,Seth Rollins,awesome
,Recommended,225540,34278662,Posted: 16 August,all,Spooky Mustard Jar,Michael Bay Simulator.
,Not Recommended,225540,34256015,Posted: 15 August,all,Chandler R Wang,"A completely trash driving system it is even worse than Watch Dog!!!!!!!!! Whose car will just explode when it hit even a rock after the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rico jumped out????!!!!! Also the glitch, I just don't believe they launched a meaningless multiplayer mode to get some player back but they didn't even fix the glitch which the one you will always hit the invisible column even you 100% you dodged it, what a trash!!!!! The car just love to drift around Puls their stupid idiot physics two helicopters contact in the air and one of them just be threw away?????!!!!!!!! WTF was that????????!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,225540,19411678,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TomTheHorse,"I don't know what people are talking about with this game, it runs fine (if you do have problems turn down the resolution), it's fun, feels smooth and the wingsuit is amazing (some people say it's hard to controll but with a mouse and keyboard I found it pretty easy). All around this is a great game and of you liked the previous just causes I would highly recommend it!"
76561198041416969,Recommended,225540,19435377,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Derpface,best game of the year 2015-2016
76561198023412575,Not Recommended,225540,24993218,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,kkdude,"Well,like most of the other negative reviews this game just runs like crap for me. I meet the reccommended specs but the game slows down to unplayable levels in fights. I had hoped that since I bought the game 9 months after release the problems would have been fixed, but I will instead be filing for a refund."
,Recommended,225540,30046344,Posted: 19 February,all,The Champion Of This Game,It's the best just cause everNothing to say but the glider makes all the difference
76561198013624521,Not Recommended,225540,19433947,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,LastTrick,Not a finished product. Unplayable.
76561198156067694,Not Recommended,225540,19421669,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Jonny,Major fps drop when i turn in any direction. I will update my review when the game is better optimised.Update: two months on and its definitely improved but I still get fps drops more often than its acceptable.
,Not Recommended,225540,28702066,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Stikas,May as well be a $60 virus.
76561198322345314,Not Recommended,225540,30385070,Posted: 7 March,all,"Mal, The Capt.","If you're an avid gamer then you'll understand the metaphor i'm going to use. My computer can run Witcher 3, Fallout 4, pretty much whatever new gen game you can throw at it on ultra graphics and processing settings, yet this game struggles and crashes regularly. If a single story line with minor repetitive side mission game is made bigger than Witcher 3?! then that's clearly an unnecessary game, at this point I'd say spend you're money on something better made and get Witcher 3 or Tropico 4 at this point."
,Recommended,225540,20439004,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,RedneckFirework,i love the explosions they look really nice and i have had really good performance with this game. no crashing or anything
76561197998953987,Recommended,225540,19454963,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Glabatron,"Has some jank issues but hey, Fallout was 9/10 with similar problems right? RIGHT? But seriously the game is pretty fun, depending on your tolerance for consistant explosions."
,Recommended,225540,19748089,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,eXtory,Don't look at other negative reviews for crashing.I'm an AMD user also it's not r9 furry or anythin it's a budged gaming one.it's works well i fnish the game and i wanna tell ya they are all idiots.i bet they don't update drivers often if they do they probably didn't look for solutions.My first time playing it crashed druing cutscenes. I updated my drivers then i see game terrain artifacts.I manually downloaded the driver on website without any inculuding apps. it worked and no fps drops or tearing.so don't listen them. If not buy a nvidia card whic i will do soon.Plot is bad but who needs one when you have big map to destroy.I love sphere tanks.
76561198172364997,Not Recommended,225540,21961234,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,[FEAR] Near Fuse X,"Dont buy this ...i repeat dont buy this ...i just buy this and just crash and not responding ... this is not just cause 3, this is just crash 3 ... I5 PROCESSOR , NVIDIA GTX 950 , RAM 8GB STILL WON'T WORK .... STUPID... WASTE MY MONEY"
76561198259308072,Recommended,225540,20865624,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,TF34,x
,Recommended,225540,21823471,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Balls of Wabylon,Explosions
76561198077712209,Recommended,225540,21832972,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,rumplyckp,"10/10 agree with nerd³ ""The Best Game Ever"""
,Recommended,225540,20864512,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ouu,"Loved it, no problems at all. Why the mixed reviews?"
,Recommended,225540,19438618,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Broccoli Custardbath,"Pros : -you can explode anything-you can launch some grandma to space-wingsuit-gigantic map-be like batman except more michael bayCons:-pretty awkward loading-useles multiplayer scoreboard for a singleplayer game-constant random logging in attempt-weird driving physicsso i recommend you play offline, otherwise fun game 8.5/10"
,Recommended,225540,19759164,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,♥Callie♥,">Patch 1.02 is now live>Tries to play it>Still having memory leak problem>The game crashes itself* ""10/10, Would let the game memory leak and crash itself again"" You said while giggling."
76561198111302405,Not Recommended,225540,29997514,Posted: 17 February,all,Gilad Pellaeon,"CRAP OPTIMIZATION.before any fanboys come in and say ""oh you have a weak PC from the 2000's, you must buy an alienware to run it""here's my specsi7 2600k12 gigs of ddr3 ramgtx 960 with updated driversand win 7 64 biti am running this in the lowest settings possible and it runs like crap when explosions are occuring, a car explodes, i get 20 fps, a helicopter or massive gas tanks explodes i get less than 5 fps. when nothing is going on, i get 30 to 40 fps, travel to a new location on a helicopter or wingsuit, 1fps occurs. the optimization is horrid, similar to fallout 4's optimization. from people on the internet, they say you must have 16 gigs of ram instead of 8 or you'll lag for no reason, i'm starting to see why you need 16."
,Recommended,225540,19439449,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Super Saiyan God,"Vůbec nedejte na ty, kteří téhle hře dali špatný hodnocení... jasně, je ještě co dolaďovat... ale to neznamená, že to není skvělá hra :)"
76561198101953115,Recommended,225540,19439143,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,DeltaFox93,"Only got to play for 4 hours but so far I love it, the game runs very smoothly and the detail is pretty nice and the explosions are beautiful, I spent most of the time just playing with the new tether and the new retract feature is really fun to destroy stuff with, I haven't played much of the story yet so I can't really give that a review just yet however the game does feature many explosions so if you want a great game full of explosions and replay value then this is your game, and those of you having problems running it try updating your drivers, I'm playing this game on ultra with a solid 45-60FPS at 1920 x 1080 resolution***my specs:CPU: AMD FX-9590 8-core 4.7ghzRAM: 32GBGPU: AMD Radeon R9 290x 8GB GDDR5HDD: 6TB Western Digital RedOS: Windows 8.1 ProSo far my only con is the login screen which extends the game's boot up time***UPDATE YOUR DRIVERS!!!!!!"
76561198046414056,Recommended,225540,19439370,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,WrittenBackwrds,"Ive already edited two of my reviews tonight and im feeling rather pressured because im reading all of my reviews too my mother to make her laugh. Just Cause 3 really isnt the best game when it comes to life moto's. ""Why did you just smoke 16 kilos of cocaine Micheal?"" ""Just Cause."" Honestly I found the game quite enjoyable and I would absolutely play it again! I give farming Simulator an 8/10 (I really like what they did by adding a latin-american protagonist, it makes farming more diverse than ever before.)"
76561198042851499,Recommended,225540,19439763,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Dragonsheepling,This game is  good ... realy good. Well exept for one thing. Its impossible to play without gettin in rage of the keyboard controlls as every♥♥♥♥ing thing wont work as it should. I still recomend this game yes. But dont play it with keyboard your you gonna break yourself a bone or two out of rage about the nonworking keyboard controlls (I actualy changed them so they are not clutterd around the entire keyboard.Now take this Keyboard problem aside and you got the Best Just Cause so far. Its large. Its filled (For Just cause atlest) and you got a ton to do. In my of rage filled 8 hours of gameplay i never was bored sooo. I still recomend the game to everyone who as a gamepad or console ... to everybody else. Unless youre a masochist (People who like Pain and sometimes get aroused by it) or a Phsyco or simply insane (Like me) youre not gonna be able to play this game without a ton of problems.
,Recommended,225540,19439303,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Pus,Great game alot of fun even do bad optimization. Worth for bad
76561198027946766,Not Recommended,225540,24247715,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,cashfiesta0001,"The game lacks polish and suffers a lot from ""pc port syndrome"" but the number 1 killer is the saving. My power went out and wiped my save game totally. FU just cause 3."
76561198002668364,Not Recommended,225540,24278780,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,JonasCord,"not recommended while the performance issues remain unchecked, the game runs  poorly constant freezing and CTD and yes i have more than exceed min specs  and have  16GB ram, also keyboard keys dont retain and re-set evey time you re-start game so every game  i have to re-map all keys again which is an anoyance.  If the above issues are fixed then i would recommend this game when on sale. its an enjoyable silly game to waste a few hours away blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up."
,Not Recommended,225540,24284145,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,DannyDirtNap,This game crashes so much it is unplayable. It is very frustrating. Hopefully they fix this soon. 7/12/2016
76561198021919355,Recommended,225540,19452921,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,astro_naut666,"I feel bad for everyone having issues, because they're missing out on the best game of the year.EDIT:I feel I owe the game justice enough to update my not really real review after logging over 200 hours, and am still actively playing.Just cause 3 brings the kind of replayability of the mercinaries and gta franchises with the unfortunate downside of not having any form of multiplayer. At times i feel as though i'm reliving childhood dreams of flying around tropical islands on a wingsuit with an rpg.Also, if you do buy the game, and want to traverse the world with even more ease, i also highly recomend the sky fortress dlc, as the jet pack makes for an even better experience.pros+An amazing environment, a completely massive, intricate, sandbox map, and great means to traverse it in multiple ways without wasting hours walking.+One of the most stunningly beautiful games currently on steam, if you have the system to run it.+Mountain side car chases never get old.+Once you get past the crap voice acting, the action in the campain is delightful.+Rico is pretty much unkilable if you like a liesurly superhero experience.cons-No multiplayer whatsoever.-Destructibility is limited to objective targets, so no blowing up the nice neighboorhoods of medici. :(-Voice actors in the storyline suck, and almost every character is just plain annoying/not believable.-TRAINS ARE NOT LONG ENOUGH!!"
,Recommended,225540,19592503,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Caelstorm,"Its amazing, would recommend it to anyone. all those crapheads who gave this a bad reveiw are highly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. BUY THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19685521,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Butthole Jim,If you are running an AMD build just dont buy this game at the monent
,Not Recommended,225540,29999099,Posted: 17 February,all,Topher,"I have 47 minutes logged on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ every single one just trying to get it to run. If you want some poorly optimised garbage, grab the sale while it's here. Salty as all hell."
76561198112344791,Not Recommended,225540,19684000,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,angrymanj34,HORRIBLE IF YOU HAVE AMD DO NOT BUY THIS  I REPEAT THE BETA DRIVERS DO  NOT WORK LISTAIN TO ME IM SAVING YOU MONEY
,Recommended,225540,31979550,Posted: 26 May,all,サンドイッチ,Yo harry buy this
76561198112948959,Not Recommended,225540,28114796,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,DERANKER,"just cause 3 dissapointed me , just cause 2 is till far better than this crap. storyline sucks stupid missions and objectives.poor optimizations you may face shuttering , fps drops and lil bit lag if if you have good pc tho. character quality and environmental quality sucks at low settings.you will get bored from this game in just 2-3 hours. don't waste your money on this game."
,Recommended,225540,20078769,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,~Senpaige~ Daddyhughes111,"Have not played too much so far, but it very fun. Seeing the country slowly become liberated feels awesome. Game is incredibly repetitive though.Optimization is not great but no where near as bad as people say it is. My r9 380 and i5 4460 can run it ar 60 fps on normal - high graphics."
,Not Recommended,225540,19695809,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Chroner,I have a gtx 970 everytime i open the game it start at a resulution of something like 270x320 (i think) and when i change it to 1920x1080 the game crashes
,Recommended,225540,19446844,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Garenator,"Edit: A lot of people seem to be having performance issues. Personally, while my framerate has varied slightly, it hasn't been enough to bother me and seemed to be reasonable for how good the game look and how much can be going on at once.My Rig: i5 4440. GTX 980. 8 GB GSkill Trident X RAMIt seems like it is mainly people with AMD GPUs having issues though, so if you have one I would read reviews from people with AMD GPUs to decide if it is worth it for you.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------After getting the attention of the military I hijacked a tank and used it to kill an enemy tankAs the pieces of the other tank fell to the group, Rico said ""tanks for playing""11/10 pun simulator with graple hook and parachuteIn seriousness though, great game. Large map, just like JC2, but it no longer feels empty. There are loads of settlements/towns/miltary bases to liberate, there are challeneges you can do that give you ""gears"" that are used to upgrade your vehicles, weapons and gear.Grapple hook is very much improved. They basically took some of the mods people made for JC2 and incorporated them into the core gameplay, albeit in a much less OP wayThe wingsuit is also an awesome addition, one that you get about 10-15 min into the game if you do the very first two missions it prompts you to do. Lets you cover a lot of ground extremely fast.While they did improve a lot of things from JC2, the movement still feels a little clunky, especially when driving. Better than driving in JC2 but still a lot of room for improvement. Even on foot, moving feels kind of weird. Like you just rotate off your central axis rather than turning with your two feetThese are minor complaints however, that only occasionally distract from what is otherwise a great game. The story (so far) is more or less the same as JC2. There is a dictator, by blowing stuff up and causing chaos you weaken their grip. So go blow stuff up. The physics in this game are also really awesome, especially when you use grapple hook tethers to pull down radio towers and whatnot."
76561198116303310,Not Recommended,225540,19442788,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Cyber Butter,I hope there are loads of people out there who are enjoying this game for me cause I sure as hell can't. AMD users unless your packing some proper punch you're in trouble. RIP for me until I can afford a NVIDIA graphics card.
76561198160365739,Recommended,225540,24082156,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,=KSK-Cpt.Phantom,Wow! Good game!
,Not Recommended,225540,31068721,Posted: 10 April,all,madvillain,"Tons of performance issues, complete laggy mess after about 10 minutes. Stuttering more than Tyler1 and FPS goes through the sh*tter. However, pretty fun game before i had these issues."
76561198097425440,Recommended,225540,19940575,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Andy,"I LOVE THIS GAME,YOU CAN DO SO MANY STUFF AND PLAY WITH ANYTHING, INCLUDING WATER LOL I THINK THIS IS GONNA BE THE GAME OF THE YEAR LOL"
,Not Recommended,225540,19944591,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Yung Toxx,As of 12/25/15 this game does not work I have tryed to launch around 30 times and it does not work I spent 5 days downloading it and it does not work it goes to the loading screen and brakes do not buy untill it is fixed (this is around a month after release)
76561197971635396,Not Recommended,225540,33302522,Posted: 5 July,all,KillFace,like : same gamplay as JC2 with a few new small twistsDisklike : the game crashes frequently and its plagued by bugsNOT RECCOMMENDED
76561198064261609,Not Recommended,225540,19639195,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Radioactive,"Just get Just Cause 2 instead, if you already played Just Cause 2, play it again, still better than this mediocre mess.Long Review:This game brings a few improvements over Just Cause 2. It has better graphics, adds a nice wingsuit, more grapple functionality, and a few other cool new toys. However it also takes MASSIVE steps backwards.Airstrikes - This is perhaps the most disgusting addition to the Just Cause series. Back in Just Cause 2 you could go where ever you'd like (granted you might get killed). Just Cause 3 for some ungodly reason decide, what if whenever you enter a military (for which you haven't progressed the story) the military will shell the base for all eternity. How do you stop it? Do you find some console and disable it? Do you find the base leader and take him out? Nope, you got play some specific story mission just to stop the military from bombing THEIR OWN base.Car/Driving Physics - I personally rarely ever used fast travel in Just Cause 2, not because of ""immersion"" or whatever but rather because drive was a ton of fun. Vehicles had a nice amount of weight to them, the drifting worked well, and overal the cars controlled very well. And here comes Just Cause 3. I have no idea if its just because driving wasn't a major focus but wow is driving painfully awful in that game. FIrstly cars control like trash. Worse still is the way physics work with them - they literally feel like heavy featherbags (which I admit makes little sense but somehow they made cars feel heavy to control but light as a feather when interacting with the world). Doesn't help that the camera is basically glued to the roof in a manner in which you can barely see anything (in deep contrast to the pleasantly generous camera from Just Cause 2). Frankly whats left is a driving system that feels arcady, but in all the wrong ways.Performance - Overal this game has problems in performance. There are a few issues and disabling certain options works well to remove some of the issues. This will likely get fixed so its the least of the issues.Conclusion - Just Cause 2 is simply a better game. I'm not saying Just Cause 3 is a bad game, rather that it is a lesser game, a game below the standards set by Just Cause 2. Perhaps for ~$10-30 dollars this game is a decent way to spend some hours, but had I know that this game was the way it was, I would not have spend $60 dollars on it."
76561198267646760,Not Recommended,225540,31681354,Posted: 11 May,all,LTUsaika,its doesant work
,Recommended,225540,25936654,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,21% Chromosome,"Despite his downsides like poor performance and his over-hypeness, its a very fun, addicting and ""relaxing"" game to play in the free-time. And don't even worry about the bugs, they made the game what it is today. Just pure destruction and caos."
,Recommended,225540,27121809,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,boogie csgo-skins.com,Just Cause 3Just Cause SimulatorJust Cause Exploding♥♥♥♥♥♥SimulatorJust Cause still better than DSJust Cause 3 GAME OF THE YEAR
76561198090245143,Not Recommended,225540,19970445,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,B I N D O W S      9 8,"After the game is loaded and I start to play, the game just crashes"
76561198093149553,Not Recommended,225540,28559554,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,dustin,"Anyone with AMD hardware might want to stay away from this one.I've got an Fx 8350 cpu, an R9 390x gpu and 32gb of ram.  A rig that has so far allowed me to play every other game with the settings maxed out.  With Just Cause 3 I literally can't even turn around without dropping to around 10 fps, even with all the settings at minimal.  I've looked up and tried a dozen supposed fixes like running as admin, switching to windows 7 compatibility and playing offline, but no luck. Just a heads up."
,Not Recommended,225540,19507147,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Blodtørst,want to spend 2000 on a gaming machine and play a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game with cinematic 20 fps? then this game might interrest you.
,Recommended,225540,19507847,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,AuraSCA1,its a great game but you need a really good computer to play the game
,Recommended,225540,19507764,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,jes,"I'm starting to understand how things work... I'm also starting to memorize the map. Theres so much to do. I've never played a singleplayer game this much without getting bored.This game feels completely different from JC2. The map is bigger, and things work different. The grapple is upgradedm the animations are better, the parachute is better. The weapons are similar. However, in this game you can ADS with snipers. Amazing.There are a bunch of good missions/side missions to complete; and there is a leaderboard for almost everything that happens in the game; longest glide with the wingsuit, longest headshot, longest grapple etc... dope.I love the idea of the wingsuit. It's dope.I also love the military bases, weapons, cars, bike, infinete C4, the entire upgrade-system, the black market and well... most things. :POnly minuses I can think of;The performance could have been better, but only some settings needs to be changed for the game to run alright. Not good; alright.The map could have been even better if more things were added (big airport with boengs and stuff, big cites etc.)Cars and Bikes aren't that easy to drive. Helicopters are also sketchy, however planes work perfect.The game very rarely crashes; and that shouldn't happen at all.Some glitches here and there... however they haven't ruined anything for me. YET.Overall I do recommend this game; but only if you're a fan of this series, and if you're creative. There is just SOOO much to do.Best thing that has happened to me yet;Once I shot a tower that fell on a chopper and that chopper hit me... and after that the whole tower hit me. I survived.In conclusion;In my opinion, this game is 10/10. But just barely. However, I haven't quite enjoyed a game as much as I've joined Just Cause 3 recently.I think it's wort it."
76561197971984864,Not Recommended,225540,19508160,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,gstitz,Better off buying Goat Simulator
,Not Recommended,225540,19508057,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Reaper17A,Bland and repetative
,Not Recommended,225540,19447728,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,私はあなたの母親を性交させます,"I have a gtx 760, and it runs lixe crisis 3 on a gt320m."
76561198083801284,Not Recommended,225540,19451739,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Alien Hands,"It's probably a good game, but I can't tell.1. Launches game.2. Cool intro.3. Cutscene with voices that aren't synced up at all with the mouthes of characters.4. After four cutscenes, start gameplay.5. Graphical Glitch making playing impossible.All in 20 minutes of playtime. If you had the time for day one dlc, you should have spent some time bugtesting with computers that don't have Nvidia graphics cards."
,Not Recommended,225540,19447197,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Stevie Steve,I think we got pranked...
,Not Recommended,225540,19536913,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,What could it bee,I might consider a refund ! the game is fun yes but too many problems that crashes the game ! fix it!
76561198028893943,Not Recommended,225540,19428733,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Babbels,"Whats Steam return policy? i have never seen any game so bad, driving sucks, flying sucks, moving its like your already shot 400 times..... i played for 10 min its the worst game i have ever bought. Shame on  you who ever build this game.Textures look awful, even on verry high.   If your thinking of buying it please dont. Waste of money that these guys made a game....."
,Not Recommended,225540,19429315,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,(┛◉Д◉)┛彡┻━┻,"Escaped a level 3 Heat against heli, tanks and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Died because face planting a tree.11/10 will recommend if they fix the performance issue.Erratic FPS and GPU usage. FPS fluctuating between 35-70 max out and lowering the details doesn't help.A little dissappointed with Avalanche since Mad Max had terrific performance.Xeon E3-1230V2@3.5GhzMSI R9-290x Gaming OC@1040/125016GB DDR3 RAMPlextor M5-512PRO (Installed)Update-12/4/15The online login is getting on my nerve. Even when i picked Offline mode it will try to connect and stop responding till i had to force close the game."
76561198041225338,Not Recommended,225540,19429270,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Lepidon,"I usually don't write game reviews, however I felt that this one was necessary because of how disappointing this was when I tried to play it this morning. My system easily meets the minimum requirements to play the game, however it is practically unplayable. I would have to say the worst part is the missing textures. The world is missing in triangles and it is rather disconcerting to be flying in a wing suit and have a mountain appear right in front of me. I tried reinstalling my AMD drivers, but unfortunately this did not solve the issue. I also have problems with lag whenever I move at high speed or set of large chains of physics based movement, such as a large destructive explosive. This makes driving nearly impossible at any kind of speed, and you can forget about precision flying. I tried to drop the game down to its lowest possible graphics settings, which still look rather nice, but this only moderately solved the issue with explosives. I did find a website claiming to have a fix for the problem,http://gameserrors.com/fix-just-cause-3-errors-crashes-not-launching-fps-drops-stuttering/, I have not yet tried this but I will update this once I discern if it really works.Overall this is a fun game and I like it, but I would wait until it is properly optimized to run smoothly."
,Not Recommended,225540,28602616,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,MrNuclideMan,"Well after completing this game I can only say, that this game has its downsides and only few positive things.For example story and missions are repetitive, but if you want to unlock all weapons, transport vehicles skills you just gotta do it over and over.Why should you play this game?Well for the explosions, so far the best game I played where explosions and tethering could have been so fun. But everything else is pretty boring. Maybe someday will wait for the another just cause part, but if it will be just for explosions I am not sure if I am gonna try again"
,Not Recommended,225540,19846104,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,AidenDemon,"Always trying to connect to Square Enix servers. I don't like it, this game not suppose to get fun, it suppose to be boring. Just Cause 2 was better."
76561198044494591,Not Recommended,225540,33576150,Posted: 15 July,all,Sk8rB01 x_87_x,crashes on startup cant playits foking annoyingwhen i could play it it was a good game
,Not Recommended,225540,23507271,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Armageddon,"I don't recommend this game anymore. The reason why is that as soon as I finished the small but fun campaign, I wanted to go through it one more time, so I restarted. and I never finished, becuase this game held no replayabillity for me. Also, gear mods are infuriating, definitely should have gone the JC2 way, and the game is broken. Just that, broken. I try to load this game with all the recommended specs, and I recieve a ""Out of memory"" error every time. And I have everything I need. Until this game gets fixed or multiplayer happens, I'd say, DON'T BUY."
,Recommended,225540,32856562,Posted: 27 June,all,RobVaivodiss,This is explosion porn for Michael Bay.
,Recommended,225540,23817915,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mugman Al,♥♥♥♥ YEAH!
76561198248662162,Recommended,225540,25960632,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Coop340,"literally the best use of $60.this game is lmitless. everything about it is spectacular, the driving is flawless, the wingsuiting is incredibly satisfying, the missions are engaging, but most of all, you can screw around for literal years and still come up wih new and exciting things to do every time you play. the only complaints i have is the lack of big cities such ast in jc2, and the motorcycle steering lag. but those are menial and irrelevant. get this game, you will most definitely not regret it, kudos to avalanch and square enix, this one's a home run for sure."
,Not Recommended,225540,21095638,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Vattic,"Doesn't even start up. I tried all online solutions and nothing worked, Steam claimed the game was running, which is why I have half an hour game timeMy Specs:AMD A10 7850k (Quad core 4Ghz)Gtx 960 2GB8GB DDR3 RAMWindows 10"
,Recommended,225540,33193379,Posted: 3 July,all,Kylo Ren,Michael Bay explosions simulator.11/10.
,Recommended,225540,19797440,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Tremby,"This game is reached the GTA5 standard, its just alot less realistic but still its pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good"
76561198258912675,Recommended,225540,21676701,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Juan The Turtleupgrade.gg,"love it, full of explosions and fun, if you are in a car and you bail at 5mph and the car hits a rock, kaboom, it explodes. anyway it is fun, works great even if you have 7 gb of ram available, just lots of slow-mo and fast diologe"
76561198134929489,Recommended,225540,19442667,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,BIG Z,game is super sweet
76561198112307197,Recommended,225540,19799804,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Venom7808,i recommed this game to people who have a GOOD COMPUTER if get it on XBOX ONE not ps4 as on the ps4 the controls are CRUDY (well ps4 is crudy by itself) but any way buy this i recommend it on XBOX ONE/PS4 sorry steam HA
76561198034974843,Recommended,225540,19859423,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,[G] Grichnoch,"JC3 in three words:Face, meet tree."
76561197986913904,Recommended,225540,19861673,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Cataclysm666,"I was hesitant to buy this game, especially after seeing all of the reviews claiming there were unplayable issues. I waited until the holiday discount, which was after a couple patches to give it a go.I have had no issues so far, no crashes, no fps drops, no poor loading times, just smooth beautiful gameplay.All settings maxed and steady 60fps at 2330x1440 with a GTX 980TI and a i7 6700K @ 4.7 GHZI will follow this review up once I have had a chance to play through a bit further. Just wanted to give some people hope that this game is playable at least on nice hardware."
,Not Recommended,225540,25140854,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,zoburg88,"DO NOT BUY, ENOUGH SAIDnote I used s h i t if it blocks out and I have many more hours put into this game but I was in offline mode as I only went online for one part of a  session before breifly logging off.♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics on high♥♥♥♥♥♥animations (mini gun doesnt even spin)♥♥♥♥♥♥ai♥♥♥♥♥♥camera settings (too close, and too high, and is weird to control when in vehicles)-the dual wield system is♥♥♥♥♥♥(only 2 of the same weapon)-♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization (runs at 32 frames gtx 950 superclocked, amd 6300 at 4.1 ghz, 16 gb ram at 1800)-the driving is♥♥♥♥♥♥wide turns and doesnt drift)-you cant get on roofs of vehicles unless you jump out then grapple on-THE PRICE IS RIDICULOUS FOR WHAT YOU GET I WOULD PAY $30 AT MAXEDIT (I am editing this so McMOONIN""http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198159724439""won't be upset)McMoonins words (he's a toxic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) : ""you can drift and can get on cars roofs maybe if you would play the game longer then 0.8 hours you would know dumbass""What I would've put: ""You can drift if you hit the drift button, and you can also get onto car roofs it's just not shown like in the old game, I've noticed you haven't played that long so you should've played more before making a review""added/editted points-the driving is♥♥♥♥♥♥wide turns and doesnt drift/slide automatically you have to press the drift button)-you can get onto roofs and stuff but the buttons aren't clearly labeled like in just cause 2-the beggining is long and boring-No functions are clearly labeled so unlike just cause 2 you have to remember keybindings (not a huge problem just it changes game design)-DLC GALLOR-Bad voice acting-World seems rather empty compared to other AAA games even some indie games"
,Not Recommended,225540,31696841,Posted: 12 May,all,That One DJ,"the game is broken, it wont even open... task manager says its running, but I dont see it in my task bar. and I have tried solutions to fix this, none of them work."
,Not Recommended,225540,31282983,Posted: 21 April,all,no bully,"an eh sandbox with farm simulator caliber driving and physics that is a complete crapshoot if it will even run or not.if your luck is bad enough and it does, youll get a nice cinematic sub 30 fps for about a half hour, after which it will turn into a slideshow.this is never going to change, because the devs are more interested in selling overpriced dlcs that remove any and all challenge the game might have had.go buy the second one."
,Recommended,225540,22620520,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Netflix,A Perfect Game for blowing stuff up!                It is really fun.
,Not Recommended,225540,22620758,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Sam Pound,i have an msi gtx 980 ti and still cant get over 10 fps at times. and from when the game did work it simply wasnt fun. horrible optimization.
76561198338923491,Not Recommended,225540,33858124,Posted: 28 July,all,Mr.Tickles,This game legit gives me motion sickness.
76561198006717323,Not Recommended,225540,28363677,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cell,"Steam says I have played X minutes.  No, I have tried to load the game for X minutes.  It will not launch and my system exceeds the minimum requirements.  The problem (as I understand it) is a JC3 thing that many users have.  It generally presents as a ""low memory"" issue.  Since the price was right and I want to play I will keep it hoping it will be resolved in the future but I cannot reccommend this title in its current state."
,Not Recommended,225540,19625451,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Mortadablo,"Game ran great up till I got to 20 some hours and now it just crashes, controls are horriably mapped and with putting them in other places it still sucks. Controler layout isn't any better and don't even try to really aim in this game.Driving is far from good and don't even think about getting on a bike.You do the same thing over and over again it just repeats itself so you may lose intrest in it quickly."
,Not Recommended,225540,24866680,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,i_54604,"Way too laggy and too many bugs, it is a fun game, but the framerate and the bugs killed it. Moreover, seems like the dev doesn't have any intention to fix it. If you want to play this game, play it in console."
,Not Recommended,225540,33836708,Posted: 27 July,all,Handsome Jack,"I was really excited for this game, because originally I played it on my friends Xbox. Unfortunatly where I live I get extreamly bad internet, and I hadn't committed to getting it yet because it was so large. However after playing the game at my friends house I decided it was worth it, and spent three weeks downloading it (Not continuous, it would have take about 4 1/2 days if I did it straight.) I finally finished downloading it today, and I was ecstatic. I booted up the game and watched the nice cutsceen, and got into the game. After about ten seconds of playing however it crashed. So I tryed again and had to sit through the long cutscene again. After the cutscene finished it crashed again. So I tried once more, and reset all the settings back to there original potatoe graphics, and watched the f ucking cutscene again. And it f ucking crashed. I was really excited for this game, and I know it's good on the Xbox, but I have to leave a negitive review. I guess what they said is true the PC port is a flaming pile of s hit. I will be looking for a refund."
76561198008452457,Not Recommended,225540,19953701,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,BOXman,i tired to play the free mid week sale but the controls are so grabage and the driving are so stiff its like im on rail track that is made out of wood also the key board mapping is tarable for some reason q is for explosding bombs right but for me its also f and f is grapiling and right mouse so i chnage that so every time time i press f i grable and try to blow something up and every thing els feels so bad like just couse 2 had way better controls then this i hope if they do make a 4 one they will fix every thing couse i cant take this i cant even sprint in the game but just couse 2 you can and you cant aim for some reason i hope they some how fix this garbage
76561198094336445,Recommended,225540,19425478,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ir0nm8n,"Performance issues on ""not high end"" systems are going to be fixed, chill down everybody :)Great game!"
76561198088513183,Not Recommended,225540,19437225,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,KrysTalZ,I can't recommend this game at the current status. The game is very funny and pretty sick but the performance not. It has a horrible performance and i have fps drop to between 1 and 7 frames and that every 5 min. I hope they fix it otherwise it's not play- and enjoyable.
,Recommended,225540,19857277,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,spooky forest bumpkin,Would be better if it didnt lag so much. 20 fps on like 200 res settings
76561198022067488,Not Recommended,225540,20010417,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BlastThyName,"This game is simply not at the level of polish that is expected from a AAA production. The login issues are also particularly annoying, tech wise the game is good but once again the picture is not perfect : flickering when GI is enabled.Pass on this game until it's fixed or don't spend more than 20 on it.AMD owners : AVOID AT ALL COSTS"
,Not Recommended,225540,20018226,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,KWG,If you own an AMD rig DO NOT buy this game. You will find it unplayable due to the frame drops happening every few seconds. Another bad point of this game is the irritating DRM which forces you too connect to servers for stupid leaderboards and it disconnects you for no reason and then everytime you pause it tries to reconnect every 10 seconds each time taking between 20 - 30 seconds and because there is no offline mode you can't avoid it.I would love to give some positives of this game however I can't because it's unplayable. Thankgod for steam refunds
,Not Recommended,225540,19448930,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,-ISG- HellFire228,Don't buy untill they patch the fps issues
,Not Recommended,225540,20008187,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,usernamegood,I'll change this to positive once i get more than 5 frames per second and it stops attempting reconnect to servers again and again when i've chosen offline mode. wait till they fix it or get just cause 2.
,Recommended,225540,20662057,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,VOG LimberSinger,i think i found a game for my top 5 fav games
,Not Recommended,225540,21085514,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,HugsAndWishes,"It is just the exact same game as Just Cause 2, but the graphics are way better and you have a wingsuit. They make you do extremely repetitive and often boring side missions to unlock the fun equipment in the game.If you are going to make a physics simulator sandbox just give us all the tools we need right away or make it more fun to unlock stuff. I don't want to have to do work to have fun. Some of the missions feel like having to clean your room.Could not get in to this game/was bored after 5 or so hours. Shouldn't have spent $60 on it. $10 would be fine."
,Not Recommended,225540,24275075,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Jasdemi,"I only bought this game because it was bundled with Tomb Raider during the summer sale. Now I see why they bundled a good game with this pile of garbage.Horrendous portPerformance is terribleController doesn't work without workaroundsGame crashes all the timeDear Avalanche Studios, stop making games."
76561198019231292,Not Recommended,225540,21092485,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,wesley,there is no way to change the fov...its stuck at 65...or even lower.for me thats just unplayable
,Recommended,225540,21628136,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,DerpyPiglet,Explosions.weapons.epic getaways...thats just cause
76561198151353941,Recommended,225540,19456970,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Qwerty,This game is the best game EVER
76561198134005489,Recommended,225540,21067374,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,DCC (Trading),Why I Love This Game....Just Cause I Do
,Recommended,225540,19457170,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Recovering Lyrium Addict,"Ok so I'm updating the ♥♥♥♥ out of this.Just Cause 3 is a fun and a dumb shooter with explosions that are gorgeous.  The game is set on an equally gorgeous island that is fun to travel around via wingsuit.  I'd recommend this game to anyone wanting to have some fun and see some bangs.  It controls tighter than JC2, vehicles handle better, the game looks better, the design of the islands is overall better, and the wingsuit is a beautiful addition that makes exploration really exciting.THAT BEING SAID...There are plenty of issues with this game.  If you played Just Cause 2 and expected a memorable villain on the level of Baby Panay, you won't get it.  If you expect as much goofy♥♥♥♥♥♥as in Just Cause 2, you won't get that either.  If you expect to have amazing performance, I doubt you'll get that now due to the latest patch.  If you expect a singleplayer game with no online ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, please turn away as this game does have leaderboards and you will be reminded of them constantly unless you turn them off those reminds.  Playing the game online actually seemed to worsen performance for me, so I blocked JC3 in my firewall which worked great until the latest patch.  The latest patch now gives me an error if I have the .exe blocked so I'm forced to log onto an online singleplayer game.Also the game's main story felt like it ended very soon and the ending itself was very unsatisfying.But if you can get past most of these issues, you will most likely enjoy Just Cause 3."
,Not Recommended,225540,29240781,Posted: 13 January,all,Szymon,horrible.. No refunds D:
,Recommended,225540,19455762,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,EmeraldCheese9,"Massive, Explosive Sandbox!  We can wreck trains take that GTA V."
76561198066945733,Recommended,225540,28394616,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,gert verhulst,buy itwye you askjust cuz :D
,Not Recommended,225540,33851308,Posted: 28 July,all,Pirangunter21,"Pros:Amazing graphicmore featuresCons:Terrible FPS (Optimizing it doesnt make the game boost fps probably i'm using 4gb ram :P)driving the car is the worst partSummary:I only played the first mission, then suddenly lagged. Loading takes AGES, i feel like why the frick did i even buy this and i know it was ended like this."
76561198154504824,Recommended,225540,32354331,Posted: 11 June,all,Mal Hond,First off if you buy this game for story you will be treated to horrible characters and plots but the gameplay is its saving grace.(And You get to ride a missle so theres that)
76561198268626821,Not Recommended,225540,20768129,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Plebacus,dont buy this game just look at all the other reviews trust me just buy gta5  or anythink else just not this
76561197983627865,Recommended,225540,19440741,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,IIIWARIII3,"wicked game and i love it, its deff better then just cause 2 .lots to do but with these high end games you need a good com guys .tired of %*% heads giving a game bad reviews when they know its cause they have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer and cant run the dame games right and i see this with alot high end games .i have 980s cards and the game runs 60 fps 98% of the time and guys get a %(ing fan in your com i have 13 fans and its a cool thing i give the game a 9.2 out of ten now get off here and go buy the game and blow the ^&(* out something  < know body was hurt in the making of this mess ,,,,, well maybe your feeling lol lololololololololol"
,Recommended,225540,19441039,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Insane,"Just Cause 3 is a great game, all the mechanic works very well. But there are definely some glitches and bugs in this game, some of them are game breaking like random frame drops and some of them are avoidable, overall this game is still amazing, it is probably one of my favorite game, i just hope that Square Enix will fix all of the problem. At this stage, i don't really recommend it, unless if they will fix it very soon. But i will give it a thumbs up :p"
76561198013424971,Not Recommended,225540,34054622,Posted: 6 August,all,Rayne,Horrible controls and constant glitches. It can be fun but wow this is a terrible port.
76561198028867379,Recommended,225540,21847426,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,eklouis,"people are saying it wont work but some how iam playing it on an i7 laptop @60fps with max graphics and it hasent crashed yet this is seriously my faviroute game ever serriously get it ""f$%k you missle!!!!!"
76561198023395516,Recommended,225540,19438815,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Topgun919,"One of the best games that has come out in recent times, you have a lot of fun blowing anything up and flying around the map, definitely buy it IF YOUR COMPUTER CAN HANDLE IT!!! Many of the negetive reviews are because the computer is on the lower end of the requirements, which means they will not get the best preformance out of the game.        10/10"
,Not Recommended,225540,33200676,Posted: 3 July,all,Acr0,Performance issue even with 8GB of ram
,Not Recommended,225540,32770504,Posted: 25 June,all,Diyos,Still have porblems in crashing at startupeither have excessive amount of ram (more them 16gigs) or just dont buy it
76561198038559434,Not Recommended,225540,19939330,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Frerey,1 month later and still a junk game. played 40 min crashed 4 times. Dont waste your time or money
,Recommended,225540,23759064,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ninetaled,"Great game, just what to expect from a Just Cause game. Surprisingly no issues despite what others have said."
,Not Recommended,225540,29710946,Posted: 4 February,all,SuperJedi,"Read my next words very carefully.I love this game. I loved Just Cause 2.I HATE the overabundance of game breaking bugs.This game will:- NOT work the first time you play- Crash randomly for no real reason other than a massive memory leak- Lose connection to servers constantly-♥♥♥♥♥♥you off when you're attempting challengesBut credit where credit is due, this game is tons of fun to play.I do not like challenges that are ridiculously difficult, or how all of your upgrades are gated behind said challenges. I gave up trying to score 5 gears and just gave them an honest shot and moved on. Sometimes the glitchy environment will cost you dearly in a high octane situation.To be perfectly honest, the gameplay almost makes it worth the hassle. ALMOST.In the interest of being perfectly honest, I cannot recommend this game until the bugs are fixed and my upgrades aren't so damn difficult to aquire.If you decide to forego my review and play the game, I can promise you'll have fun. Yet, you will also rage.Hammer these devs. Annoy them. Pester them.♥♥♥♥♥♥them off.MAKE THEM FIX THIS GAME, but do NOT buy it.Then, and only then, will I say yes. Yes, buy this game. Yes, play it. And YES, buy the DLC.Until then, play Just Cause 2."
,Recommended,225540,30014747,Posted: 18 February,all,Xecular,The game is fun but riddled with bugs that cause your game to randomly crash or freeze without warning.IF YOU HAVE GOOGLED CRASHING OR FREEZING FIXES AND NONE WORKED TRY THIS:-Remove ALL mods-Verify integrity of game-Restart computer-Try playing
,Not Recommended,225540,29198001,Posted: 11 January,all,Anti-Baby,Persistent log-in screen that interrupts gameplay is an automatic fail.
,Not Recommended,225540,22834354,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Young Sheldon,Its good and fun but I have a NVIDIA GTX970M and my game usually runs at about in the high 20 to the low 30 frames per second. Would really want to reccomend but I cant because half the time the game can row even lower then that when im in action blowing up stuff. I doubt their gonna fix it so Ijust recomend to get it on console.
,Recommended,225540,23891201,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kirk kirksman,i totally recommend this game!! I dont have that good of a GPU but it runs amazing!! :D
,Not Recommended,225540,33213005,Posted: 3 July,all,Jessorz,I really loved Just Cause 2 and was hoping for more of the same gameplay with newer graphics. Nope. I've run through the whole game and liberated the entire country. My breakdown is as follows:Pros:Bigger explosionsBetter graphicsImproved vehicle and grapple upgrade systemCons:Short and weak storyCan't upgrade health like previous gameEnemy AI are a bunch of aimbotersRico will sometimes bounce off vehicles and other surfaces while grappling to them like he's an amateurCombat is unrewarding most of the time
,Recommended,225540,21687967,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Stuaeffis Ленин живет,Stood on a roofGot shot atLooked down through the broken part of the roofSaw a generatorTried to shoot it with my RPGBlew myself up12/10
76561198061256825,Recommended,225540,22985478,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,wassupwiyou,"Way too easy and play becomes predictable. Also has annoying intro you can't skip, and when re-starting from scratch you have to go through the boring routines of 'learning' again Zzzzzzz....Overall a bit of fun for a few hours but very samey. Graphics and sound good but actual game play repettitive, especially the AI. I liked JC2 but am disappointed with 3. Recommended only at half the price!"
76561198006580201,Not Recommended,225540,33198780,Posted: 3 July,all,cpt_pancreas,Thought a year or two on it would be less broken and actually work. I was wrong.
,Recommended,225540,33454179,Posted: 11 July,all,Vulcan,╭–––––––––––––––––      ––––  •      •  ––––      –––––––––––––––––╮╰–––––––––––––––––      ––––  •      •  ––––      –––––––––––––––––╯
,Not Recommended,225540,26029742,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TheOGLeech,"This Game Is Awful! Don't Buy...There is barely anything in this game and it gets boring very fast. Also, messing around isnt fun at all and don't get my started with the gameplay. The game lags and is glitchy as hell. There are hundreds of bugs in cars, trains and motorbikes. Plus the challenges are maybe the worst as the developers made nearly impossible targets and makes the AI glitchy around you!"
,Recommended,225540,19403824,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Warhero2112™,Great game...i could wingsuit all day!10/10 would faceplant again
,Recommended,225540,19405167,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,HelloTosh,Constantly wingsuit into walls11/10
,Recommended,225540,19406720,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Llewellyn_F,Good Game with really great visuals
76561198089841883,Recommended,225540,19403994,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,嗨浣熊,I said it would be Game of The Year......... I was VERY right :D
,Recommended,225540,19404944,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SimonSaysAdebisi,"Why are we here? Because we loved Just Cause 2. So all you need to know is it's better than Just Cause 2 in every way.Don't believe me, then just wait until you'll discover the giant Nashorn 6100 and you'll thank me while you're Ramboing and Jackie Chaning with this giant."
76561198060822910,Recommended,225540,19404342,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,cars10_7,Great game.
,Recommended,225540,19405406,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,1 9 6 6,10/10- EXPLODE EM ALL
76561198023718696,Recommended,225540,19403846,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,hearly008,Having a blast blowing up things. haven't had any issues with anything
,Recommended,225540,19403852,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Rezon8r,"This is amazing. Just simply amazing. It's Just Cause 2, one of my favorite games, improved in almost every detail. My only personal issue is not having a very powerful computer (kinda high-mid range), therefore not getting the smooth framerate I would like, but it still runs nonetheless at a playable rate."
76561198256879232,Not Recommended,225540,19971489,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TwatInTheHat,it needs a good grapics card
76561198209405301,Recommended,225540,19531173,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Asherstark,"No performance issues, 60 fps @ max settingsGtx 980mi7 4860hq32gb ram"
,Recommended,225540,25790034,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,DestTrack,İyi Oyun Almanızı Tavsiye Ederim Ama Single Player Bitince Sıkılabiliyorsunuz Yani Sürekli Eğlenicem Diye Almayın Eğleniyorsunuz Ama Sonra Hep Tekrar Ediyor
,Not Recommended,225540,20036317,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SEYNAV | #RollBackToMossoul,"This game is not so good, he's so laggy"
,Recommended,225540,28380900,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,✪ Chino,"Its good, its something new, it keeps lives up to Just Cause 2's succession, its definitely not worthly of the negative review it use to get. I would say this game is a solid 7/10, with 10 being Just Cause 2 L:3 One thing I just hate about this is the fact that the game is horribly optimised. A 1060 can barely get a stable 60 FPS -_-"
76561198032414921,Not Recommended,225540,26935087,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,citizen_snips,Game is almost literally unplayable if you have a measly 8 gigs of RAM.
76561197999412460,Not Recommended,225540,26017801,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,The Macho Man Randy Savage,"I spent 60 dollars on a game that came out a year ago, and I can't even play it. It won't go past the first loading screen and every single ""fix"" I've looked at online doesn't do a damn thing"
76561198131673103,Recommended,225540,20130312,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,/|Reiss|\,Very fun game lots to do with good graphics and the water quality is amazing 100& should buy
,Not Recommended,225540,28127766,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Hentai,"i7 6700k, GeForce 980, 16 gigs ram... constant frame drops"
76561198237482918,Recommended,225540,21677270,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Selfless,fun game but too much lag plz update and fix
76561198193978830,Recommended,225540,21674937,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,evan123,petty nice game
,Recommended,225540,19506678,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Shorty,I need help! When i try to play it says i need to sign up. I dont have a controller so i cannot get out of this message! PLease help me figure this out.
76561198075391027,Recommended,225540,19426907,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,HelFrost,"Dear fellow AMD users,Get the damn driver update. Like right now. I did right before I started playing. Sure, the game has performance issues, but it's fun as all hell! I turned my settings down just a bit and bam! Constant 60 fps! And you know what? The game still looks beautiful! So go download the driver update and have fun with this awesome game!System specs:AMD ASUS R9 280AMD FX-8350 (Liquid Cooled)8GB (2 x 4GB) 1866hz RAM"
,Not Recommended,225540,29107497,Posted: 7 January,all,Klychel,"I shouldn't have any issues running this game with my specs but I still have constant stuttering issues and occasional flickering, the game will sometimes max out my 16GB of ram for no reason forcing me to restart my computer as task manager can't even close it. The performance is awful and the devs should have done something about it by now but it seems they just don't care."
76561198307897353,Recommended,225540,24985752,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,N_,"It was good. the story line and writing was stupid, but the game is great."
,Not Recommended,225540,20004689,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Procrastinator 2-D,"The patches that apparently fix the issues with AMD GPUs have just made it worse, and the last real patch was a month ago, and I can't get my money back. I wish that Steam had a bin option so that I could be rid of this game."
76561198024352043,Not Recommended,225540,30059356,Posted: 20 February,all,TigriukstiS,"Don't buy it, just don't waste your money. It's a fail of the century. Memory leak is killing the game. U can't do the mission if there is more enemys, it starts to stuter. This is FAIL not a game, don't buy on sale don't buy it ever!"
,Not Recommended,225540,29813342,Posted: 9 February,all,Muru,"I recommend this. But to balance out the postly positive reveiw, I must not.It is a fun game, but it can get repetitive. The lack of good story telling is disappointing but that is Just cause.If you want a good time killer, It is the game. If you look for stories, not a good choice."
,Not Recommended,225540,34881277,Posted: 11 September,all,Kaiser,just a waste of money and time
76561198220136511,Not Recommended,225540,20254905,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Sharepoint,"I have better than the minimum requirements for this game, but it still lags glitches and doesn't fully load. I am now refunding."
,Recommended,225540,19565853,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,8bitfrenzy,It's ok...get's a little repetitve and there's some annoying missions and some minor proformance issues but if you can look past all that I'd say get it.
,Recommended,225540,19649078,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,DMNS,"Kind of like Just Cause 2, but they improved a lot.Blow up some stuff!  It runs really good with my setup, as I am running a high end PC.Previous fans will love this game. The gameplay might be a bit shallow, but it's good.If you like blowing stuff up, check it out."
,Recommended,225540,24573199,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Dux,"A lot of people are bagging this game for performance issues. Maybe they are there and i don't realise. I play on 1080 and dont track my FPS. I have a GTX970 btw. I don't ever notice anything but an amazing looking game.The game itself is a bit meh for story, but when i can tether a guy by each arm between two buildings and attach a booter bomb to his crutch and watch that mother ♥♥♥♥er spin like a muther ♥♥♥♥ing yo-ho diablo, who cares about story!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19742126,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Snuffy the Evil,A fun game hampered by performance issues and an awful online implementation. Wait for patches and a sale.
,Not Recommended,225540,19556164,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Morten,This is Just Cause 2 with a few Just Cause 2 mods re-made officially... And then it doesn't even have multiplayer. Not worth Steam prices.
,Recommended,225540,19739854,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Kreigle,Best installment in the series.
,Recommended,225540,20781795,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,MisterBlister,"A fun sandbox game that manages to stay engaging while screwing around in the open world.  Sadly the promising stylistic opening segment isn't really followed through on, and the story quickly peters out and limps along to an anti-climactic ending that wastes a promising antagonist.  There are probably just a few too many collectibles/challenges if you're a completionist, but if you don't mind a fun but shallow experience this is a good choice."
76561198124352379,Not Recommended,225540,19422070,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MasterOfDisaster,"Terrible port! Fix optimization, textures and camera codes. Also the environemnt meshes and partical systems dont have a set collision with eachother.....What a dissapoitment after just cause 2! Patch! PS4 is also in♥♥♥♥♥♥condition with frame drops."
,Not Recommended,225540,19739257,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Anime Weeb,Its a good game if it didnt crash all the time just because I have a AMD Video Card
76561198122350515,Recommended,225540,19420250,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[BiG【ツ】DaddY],Best Allahu Akbar Simulator ever! Would pre-order again! 100k +
76561198065082952,Not Recommended,225540,22133679,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sir ImpossibleNoob,"You can steal a helicopter or a plane on air or from earth. You can jump on a car's top and shoot enemies from behind. You can fly on wingsuit and enjoy beatiful nature, you can launch to the sky any phreak you want. You can destroy bridges. You can create impossibly huge explodes, you can destroy trains, you can bound corpses to a plane you can do so much funny and intresting things in this game.BUT!Developer1: Hey hey! Let's create checkpoint races!Developer2: Hell yeah! This is awesome! Best idea in the world!Developer3: Listen, Listen, lets make this races EXTREMELY hard to pass!!Developer1: Yeah! Briliant!Developer2: But we don't even have good optimisation....Developer3: Who cares about optimisation, when you have unpassable chechpoint races?!Developer1,2,3: Nobody!For real.1) Kick off (or torture and kill) the screenwriters. It is disguster than disgusting,2) Kill all guys who camed up with all storyline missions gameplay3) Come up with something NOT SO FREAKING boring to motivate players discover the world (I mean tombs, treasures, voice recorders) and give a USEFULL rewards! MOAR USEFUL REWARDS!4) Fix the cars and bikes physics. It is not funny, Hard to make it awfulier.5) NO CHECKPOINT RACES! THIS IS 2016 YEAR! NO! FREAKING! CHECKPOINT! RACES! NO!6) We need MOAR weapon.7) We need MOAR helicopters and planes.8) Test your freaking game better! I don't mean optimisation, I mean logic, difficulty and other basic things."
76561198267282667,Not Recommended,225540,28914182,Posted: 1 January,all,Harshman,From what I've seen on videos the game looks awesome. BUT you will need an extremely good (and new) graphics card to even start the game. I would advise googling all the requirements to make sure you can run it.
76561198356163028,Recommended,225540,32802368,Posted: 25 June,all,Deadpool,Amazing game fun very laggy on my pc love it though 9999999999999999999% even though my game is a snail!
,Recommended,225540,20238268,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Chipz,The best way to sum up this game is one word....KABOOM!!!!
,Recommended,225540,21743786,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Motabilla,what car does rico drive? matchbox.
,Not Recommended,225540,29077425,Posted: 6 January,all,Jimtheguy2,"Pros: Just cause 3 is a fun game and there are many interesting things to do.The wing suit was added and the grapple was improved.The campaign is not the best but it is a lot better than the one in just cause 2.Cons: The game is very laggy and is likely to crash. It runs at 20-30 fps on pc.If you really want this game, I recommend you get it on console or if you don't have one, get just cause 2.It would be good of they added a multiplayer mod like in JC2."
,Recommended,225540,23160390,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Joch Nosh,SO MANY EXXPLOOOOSSSSIIIIIIIIOOOOOOONNNNNSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!a few problems with microstutter on my 960 and i5 4th gen but for me it's been a good port.
,Not Recommended,225540,19407683,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,LANKY© - www.oliversmith.rocks,"UPDATE: If you'd like a more in-depth rant then see the link below... you eon't be disappointed, unless your a fanboy here to mark my review as unhelpful... then you might..http://www.oliversmith.rocks/2015/12/just-cause-3-what-flop.html---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So this has been hard to review, honestly from what I've played so far it feels more like a Next-Gen update to Just Cause 2 released for a high price.Physics:       The same as JC2.Graphics:     The same as JC2. (It's had a slight improvement but it feels like it could easily run on an Xbox 360.Driving:        The same as JC2. (Really, it is EXACTLY the same!As a Chart AAA game I was expecting something new and fresh, instead I paid $90 for a HD version of a game I'm already bored to death with... buy the second game instead for now until this one is on sale or comes down in price!"
76561198086818670,Not Recommended,225540,19408120,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,mikey,The whole map is not even loading even after countless re-installations. I am giving avalanche 1 week to make a patch or I am getting a refund!
,Not Recommended,225540,19409252,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,The Boss Turnbull,Waste of money since I run AMD products. Waits all year for this game. Can run every game I own on the highest resolution and Ulta High graphics settings but can't run this... GOOD GOING!
76561198115392835,Not Recommended,225540,19416017,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,jcrogers95,"the sound doesnt work, because there is none"
,Not Recommended,225540,19427003,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ironite4,"DONT WORKFirst- I couldnt even start the game and even see a logo saying Just Cause 3, when i have a EVGA GTX 960 SSC and a intel core i5 Right when I press the ""PLAY"" button it doesnt even show it on my little bar on the bottom of the screen even thought it was supposedly ""RUNNING"" I mean I can see it in my task manager taking little to no disk space or memory I dont get it.Second- Why did I waste my money to refund and wait 7 days or more?"
76561198042325904,Not Recommended,225540,22311657,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SorryBones,"Broken mess - massive memory leak that no online solution could fix. I have 8 gigs and a radeon 390, the devs just haven't tried fixing it since launch.I've heard that Nvidia users are having a better time. Go ahead and try it if you have that brand, but if you're an AMD user then get a game that works!"
76561198060575670,Not Recommended,225540,30044321,Posted: 19 February,all,✞Diccy ✞,Very laggy poorly optimized go buy on the console. So laggy that i couldn't get past the second mission. Thats how bad it is on PC please go buy on console for a better experience.
76561197998112092,Recommended,225540,19432539,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Artist,"This game is a masterpiece!I had the texture/polygon problems many people are complaining about with my AMD card, but an upgrade to the newest beta drivers solved the problem 100%. It now runs and looks fabulous!The only trouble was I very nearly wrecked my computer in the process by uninstalling all of the AMD software on my system. After a restart the monitor was just showing a jumbled mess of pixels. I had uninstalled all of the display drivers!A good while later, after booting up in safe mode and doing a system restore, I had things working again though and could enjoy the game.It's simply epic. Do you want to star in your own action movie? Here you are.I've only played a couple of hours so far and barely scratched the surface, but my god, what an incredible game!There's really nothing to compare to the feeling I had driving out to sea in a speedboat and the dynamic music begin to get louder and more dramatic as the boat was ploughing through the waves.This game is a non-stop 80s action movie! And you're the star!10/10 Would almost wreck my computer again to play Just Cause 3 and feel like freaking John Matrix!"
,Recommended,225540,19407119,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,LordJamesX,"Just Cause 3 XL. Am running this on a i7 3700K, 8GB DDR3, 760 2GB, and 5200RPM HDD. 1080p, Mid Settings! Runs little blochy, occasional frame drops, and during the mission complition screens goes to 1-3fps. Am guessing these will be ironed out.TL:DR; try the game its not bad at all its GOOD, but has some issues which need to ironed out, frame rate drops are lame since GTA V runs crystal smooth, am running on mid settings yet from 50 frames to 30 and sometimes 3 fps, which is BAD. USE THE LATEST NVIDIA OPTIMIZED DRIVER it reduces stuttering a lot, also run in Admin mode, also use offline mode for JC3!Expect new patches to resolve half the issues!Pros1. Sound is MAN BREAKS THE HOUSE, Voice acting is amazing2. Gameplay is DAMN FUN3. CAN FLY WOOOOOOOO4. STILL FLYING WOOOOOO5. Wingsuit and Parachute makes nice combo6. Dual hooks = more fun7. Explosions WOW8. Rebel Drop is lol9. Game is very much 'arcadey' fun and I LOVE ITCons1. Needs better optmization, can do better, GTA V has much more ingame stuff to render than this game still runs smooth, see MGSV PP2. Car driving sounds good but actual driving mechanic is WONKY3. Flying is WONKY, well less wonky than driving4. No FOV slider :(5. NO MANUAL SAVE, comon this is NOT AN RPG, even Witcher 3 has manual save, this is JUST lazy6. :("
,Recommended,225540,19432510,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,callot,Awesome.
,Recommended,225540,28947445,Posted: 2 January,all,TheDuckMan,"First off, this game does NOT deserve the hate it has received. Yeah, sure...ONCE IN A WHILE it lags, but that's rare (unless if you have a potato PC). I have an AMD Radeon 3GB video card and I handle the game on the highest with pretty much no lag. Oh and by the way, the FPS only drops when you blow up everything. (every game's fps kinda drops when explosions are overboard).Pros:GraphicsPhysicsExplosion Detail (very awesome)FunStory is semi-longAnimationsUsually pretty cheap on saleRebel Drops (YAY MONEY SYSTEM IS GOONNEE!)The Open World (so fun)Cons:Story is MEH, but hey...it's a story!When you've beaten everything, and I MEAN EVERYYYTTHHIINNNGG, the open world can get a little repetive (but don't worry, story is pretty long and once you've conqured everything. PS it gets kinda boring, not a lot.)So there you have it, this game is an awesome open world explosion micheal bay adventure.9/10"
,Recommended,225540,23779471,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fifthgift,"Wingsuited around the starting island for 30 minutes straight. 11/10, would abandon main questline to become human airplane again."
,Recommended,225540,24209186,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,KeWhat,WOWso funsuch explosinsmuch pain
,Not Recommended,225540,28436583,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,드랑옵,"Played 62 hours, after 4 crashes, refunded."
76561198148896387,Not Recommended,225540,28659390,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,rogersnick30,this game wont run well on anything. i was expecting a lot more from them.
,Recommended,225540,29969086,Posted: 16 February,all,xeno hellcase.com,"Very nice game, its like a combination of Far cry and GTA."
,Not Recommended,225540,24407737,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Carlton Banks,Runs like utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't buy this
,Recommended,225540,19409725,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Olmate Ubafest,is good.
76561198016868667,Recommended,225540,23293156,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Gizmo,"Ugh,,, where to start? Maybe with some truth...: I am stupid. Stupid enough to rely on my rig, my being an obsessive nerd, relying on karma - which is, as we all know, a ♥♥♥♥♥. I bought JC3 and played some 45mins after release. The game sucked... bad sound jitters, weird gfx effects and crashes... a horse♥♥♥♥♥♥heap of crashes.Then I upgraded something on my rig... not the newest there is, but mine... had just 6 Gigs of RAM... yeah... I know. But even so called ""reference games"" ran smoothly 60fps and on high settings. As mentioned before I increased my RAM to 16 Gigs - not much, but better than 6, right? And to think it was for No man's Sky... that game, yes... release postponed til August (inshallah!). Anyways... I startet JC3 after MONTHS of not touching it, cursing the devs, cursing me for paying good money for that hunk of crap.It runs. Perfectly. All settings high ('cept for motion blur... gives me the pukes). No stutters, jitters, crashes - nuttin'. 6 GB was too little for JC3 - I was too stupid, lazy or whatever to check out the specs. Now it works like a charm. There are MANY reviews on how buggy the game is and that some features are crap. And some of that is true. I don't give a flying ♥♥♥♥ if a Jonwhatshisname is better at me at ""parashooting"". I play to have fun.I guess what I am trying to say is - aside from checking the specs (still embarassed about that) - make sure, that your rig actually has what it takes to make the game work. And I don't mean to say, that it works for everyone... I know some of you still got trouble and have a FAAAAAR better Rig than I've.But after all the HATE I spread about JC3 when ppl asked me for my opinion, I wanted to share some LOVE for that awesome game. It still has bugs, the story is flat and the work is repetitive... but all that goes for cheap porn too....Viva Medici!"
76561198296829928,Recommended,225540,23295521,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,HexAid,Really fun game! The name should be Just Expslosions 3 xD
,Not Recommended,225540,33665552,Posted: 19 July,all,NekoiNemo,"Just Cause 3 is extremely fun, just like the previous 2, but that's about all positive things i can say about it.Now negatives:1) Performance is bad.2) Game is riddled with bugs, including gamebreaking ones (like being unable to liberate a town ever, permanently locking you out of 100% completion and a lot of content).3) There is a story mission that you straight up cannot pass on PC unless you plug in a controller (not ""use"", just ""plug in"").4) DLC practices are still as abusive as in JC25) Terrible (as in ""what kind of retard thought this was a good idea?!"") design decision of locking upgrades behind open world rubbish ""challenges"" (like races and stupid physics based minigames) where you getting high enough score depends more on luck than your actual skill. Because game desperately needed some padding since...6) It is ludicrously short. With all fat cut out (like main missions requiring certain amount of liberated areas and the fact that you need to complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t challenges to unlock adequate gear) you can complete the entirety of main quest in about 2-3 hours, at least quarter of which would be cutscenes, uneventful driving/gliding somewhere, and turret sections."
,Recommended,225540,34015573,Posted: 4 August,all,12ntomates 2 euro,This game is one of the best games in the world it is like Grand Theft Auto V But it has different story and of course different goals
76561198199476511,Recommended,225540,34074014,Posted: 6 August,all,Weeb Slicer,Its like GTA 5 but you are spiderman.
,Recommended,225540,34224855,Posted: 13 August,all,CptClouse,couldnt get into this game. controls were no good for me but i know a ton of people who swear by this game
76561198143765053,Not Recommended,225540,34365968,Posted: 19 August,all,Pratik,:-(
,Recommended,225540,34365514,Posted: 19 August,all,NotTheAverageJoeBro,"Not the best, but can be quite fun."
76561198350764676,Recommended,225540,34460578,Posted: 24 August,all,KING Cobra ♛,"Very nice game, I recomend it!!"
76561197981441664,Not Recommended,225540,34629760,Posted: 31 August,all,VERIFIED ALT RIGHT,When freedom is THIS intoxicating
76561198360183051,Not Recommended,225540,34580337,Posted: 29 August,all,Orrithegod,its been crashing a lot lately
76561198009781566,Recommended,225540,32834554,Posted: 26 June,all,HammR25,"Got this in a Steam Sale and ran it with an i7 3770 and 16gb of DDR3 with a Geforce 970 and it was choppy at 1920 x 1080 so I refunded it.  Recently I upgraded to a Ryzen 7 1700X, 32GB DDR4 2666, Geforce GTX 1070 and 144Mhz 2560 x 1440 monitor.  The game doesn't go below 70 FPS with 8X AA, FXAA, Texture quality at high, water detail very high, LOD factor Medium, Shadow quality on High and everything else set to ""ON"".I liked Just Cause 2 so now that I have a system that can run this game I enjoy Just Cause 3. Definitely worth the Steam Summer Sale price."
76561198104361263,Recommended,225540,29033419,Posted: 5 January,all,Taddy Mason,"As far as open world games go, this is one of the best. Everything I loved about Just Cause 2, plus more. I bought the XL edition that came with the air, land, and sea expansion packs and let me tell you-the wingsuit upgrade alone that comes with the air dlc worth it. It basically turns you into a human sized fighter jet that can stop and turn on a dime. It adds essentially a jet pack, air brake, minigun, and missile launcher to your wingsuit and gives you the ability to fly indefinitely if you so desire. Add in the new guns, missions, locations, and things to blow up/jump off of, and this reallly is the best Just Cause game. There's not much to talk about besides the explosions. That largely what this game is about: what can you do with some grappling hooks, guns, and explosives? The story is largely irrelevant. If you're getting this game-get it for the gameplay. It's not to say the story was bad, it's just not why someone should get a Just Cause game. If you like intense action gameplay in an open world environment (and dropping goats and cows on top of police stations/military bases from a news chopper/attack copter), then I recommend you try this game.I should mention that the wingsuit upgrade I really enjoyed is only part of the air dlc and while it can be obtained fairly early on in the story-it can only be obtained if you have that dlc. Don't get just the base game expecting to fly around and blast enemies and buildings with your wingsuit and its minigun/missiles cause it just won't happen."
76561198144891674,Recommended,225540,21903878,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Supersus3,Just Cause 3 is an Amazing game !
76561198006617124,Recommended,225540,27261434,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jaswolf,Pure Chaos !Pure Freedom !Pure Fun  !
,Recommended,225540,24078757,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SloTHs,"GGWP, Explosion Everywhere!!! best game i ever play. (But the FPS still sucks)"
,Not Recommended,225540,23974950,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TheDaedricGamer,Dissapointed
76561198080502569,Not Recommended,225540,19466130,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,elsweyrmind,"I just requested a refund. This game WILL NOT work if you have an AMD graphics card. I tried all the fixes they suggested and none work. Its not worth the hassle. If you have an AMD, this game is not playable."
76561198057225003,Not Recommended,225540,19988239,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BERTMERN,Game wont even load and when it does it crashes quickley.
,Not Recommended,225540,23999454,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dr.Dragos,Badly optimized
76561198153931460,Not Recommended,225540,24005515,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Robertko,Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,225540,24357522,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ⁿ╨Fix42╨ⁿ,LITERALLY THE BEST GAME EVER SO GOOD 5|5
,Recommended,225540,23628925,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,KBz | Робин,rico comes back to his home. he then decides to free his country.. unfortunately that involves getting a bavarium warhead FOW......country is now dead thanks to rico's nuke gun.. the end. and that children was the story of rico rodriguez and the quest for a bavarium warhead.
,Recommended,225540,29989041,Posted: 17 February,all,B0SS,Please make it a bit more optimalized!
,Not Recommended,225540,28368368,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,dave_987,"This game constantly lags. around 20 fps normally, 5fps when doing anything in the backgroud (On a machine above the recommended specs). Also requires internet connection, even when offline."
76561198056217066,Not Recommended,225540,28385998,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,OverHype,Stutters on my GTX 970
76561198106791421,Not Recommended,225540,30022871,Posted: 18 February,all,PumpkinBob SpicePants,"(Somewhat) EXPANDED REVIEW:Sweet baby Gaben, F*CK THE PC PORT OF THIS GAME!!!As you can see, I have 26 minutes of playing time. 24 of those minutes were spent waiting for the game to load. I never got to the opening cutscene, let alone gameplay itself. After struggling to close the game via Task Manager thanks to the fact that it had a memory leak, I was forced to restart my PC. This was because whatever data that leaked still had not been cleared from the RAM (at least according to Open Hardware Monitor). Simply put, either deal with the inexcusably inconsistent framerate of the console version, or play Russian Roulette trying to get Just Cause 3 to run on PC.ORIGINAL REVIEW:Sweet baby Gaben, F*CK THE PC PORT OF THIS GAME!!!As you can see, I have 26 minutes of playing time. 24 of those minutes were spent waiting for the game to load. I never got to the opening cutscene, let alone gameplay itself. After struggling to close the game via Task Manager thanks to the fact that it had a memory leak, I was forced to hard-reset my PC, as the data was not cleared from the RAM. Simply put, either deal with the sub-30 framerate of the console version, or just forget about playing Just Cause 3."
76561198280647726,Recommended,225540,28887733,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Real_Lucky_Gamer,awsome
76561198342051145,Not Recommended,225540,31477368,Posted: 30 April,all,spinach,This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. i downloaded the game and it says its running. i have never even seen the cover screen. i reinstalled it and i have the same issue i need help
,Recommended,225540,19503929,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Markus,This game is amazing. Don't trust those paid reviewers saying this game is bad.No issues with double cores and GTX 300. Solid 70 FPS on Ultra.
,Recommended,225540,19470778,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Jason Chemical,"This is the type of game that makes you think: ""What an amazing place. I wish I lived there! Actually, no. Because there is a deadly tyranny."" This game is fantastic. It is definately open world. I LOVE the humor. Rico, the protagonist acts in funny ways and it's extreemely fun to experience him reacting to the environement. All the characters have their own personalities. Something I do not like at all about JC3, is the controls. The controls for PC keyboards are really weird... there is no crouching, and there is no aiming. You just shoot. The crosshair is huge and gets in your face more than Donald Trump. This game is all about the generalissimo style of story telling. I've never played any of the other Just Cause games, but this being my first impression on the franchise, I adore it. The game is very fun, there is no doubt about it. Hours become minutes when you play JC3. Another great thing is that everything has physics. You can wire things and then explode them, it's about chaos. A lot of people experienced frame drops, but my game runs at a solid 230 fps. It's either because I have a good PC, or that I got a flawless copy of the game, or both. The graphics are amazing. The game does look next gen. I suggest you get this game if you want to have fun blowing stuff up, afterall, isn't that what JC3 is about? Yes. Yes it is."
76561198213074545,Recommended,225540,19434029,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,deathreaper999zombies,Destruction at it`s best
,Recommended,225540,19434181,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Darragh - Wookie,"Really enjoying it so far, if you liked JC2, this is more of the same, with some more polish, I am currently having no stability or technical issues, running an FX-8320 and an R9 280X with AMD's beta drivers, things run reasonably smooth on medium to high settings."
,Recommended,225540,19434255,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Scion,"First lets get the negatives out of the way.-Yes, the JC3 need some more optimasation work, but its still plenty playable.- If you have an AMD card, u will need to roll back the driver, AMD updated it last week and its caused issues with JC3. JC3 isn't the only game with this problem, GTAV had a graphical glitch introduced by this new driver admitadly not a serious.Now the Positives- the graphics when they run properly are decent and the gameplay is solid.- Eplosions, Explosion and more Explosions- They have updated the zipwire and giving u a wingsuitNeutrals- The game world is exactly the same sizes as JC2, the gamplay is very similar to JC2 the only significant differences being the wing suit and update zipwire.ConclussionIf you enjoyed JC2 you'll enjoy this though it will feel much the same. Overal its a good enjoyable choatic game, but its only a minor improvement over JC2"
,Recommended,225540,20229600,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mythbuster65,Great game. Weapon and enemy variety could use some work though. Also car and motorcycle handling could be better.
76561198241124738,Recommended,225540,20547585,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Onion,"Not sure why so many people complained about poor optimization, especially on AMD systems. I have and FX-8320 and an R9 270, and can comfortably hit 40fps most of the time. It may not be flawless 60fps, but it is certainly playable and enjoyable at that. Overall, a great game."
,Not Recommended,225540,30380412,Posted: 7 March,all,Sloth Bear,This game is a decent game and that’s all I can even say. when playing the game it feels super repetitive and on top of that they are severely lacking in guns  and I don’t want to have to pay to have more content constantly making a $59.99 game over a $100 plus like other titles and yes granted the game is ok without fancy different guns but only having 3 starting guns and almost nothing but one 2 shotguns and one lmg this game falls very short in my opinion not to mention the offline mode and online mode don’t work at all you will find yourself pressing a put me in offline mode or try to reconnect ever 5 min making the game only even playable if you disable your internet on your computer causing you to get no achievements so in all I regret even getting this game other than the fact that I can once in a while blow up a few things in a huge open world and when I say few the destruction sucks its barely any and makes the game feel like a gta like world with few destructible buildings even I found mercenaries the first one had more actual destruction than this game.
,Not Recommended,225540,30382655,Posted: 7 March,all,Phroday,"Played the game for 40 minutes. Crashed twice.Otherwise, seemed fun so far."
,Recommended,225540,21377239,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,????,"It's really fun and the explosions are pretty. If you like pretty explosions, then buy this game. If not, then don't."
76561198052834283,Not Recommended,225540,22546505,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,złoty,Such a rip of dont get it has so many problems and is mostly braking laws of phisics e.g you can drive up very steap cliffs with a F1 racing car
76561198071413730,Recommended,225540,19736736,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,EvDopian,THEY FIXED IT THEY ♥♥♥♥IN FIXED IT!!!! 1.02 THE DREAM!!
76561198023340319,Recommended,225540,19736985,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,FixXxeR,"only missing the mp, rest is awesome.(Running ok on a 5 year old rig)"
,Not Recommended,225540,30064248,Posted: 20 February,all,Koito loot.farm,"This game is a total distaster. BUY JUST CAUSE 2!! MUCH BETTERFirst of all, there is no minimap. It is really important for a open world based game to have a minimap like GTA or hell, JC2Secondly, It realy gets frusterating when it comes to missions.There is a lack of instructions what you need to do and it easily gets Frusterated.This game is really a rage building game.and lastly, you can't change the UI opitions. The ""Cancel"" is forced on Left CTRL. Can't Fix to Esc.I got this game for 12.49Euros But this game is worth ""Free To Play"". Please add a patch that fixes this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198022755792,Not Recommended,225540,19799365,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,RoogDoog,"I can play gta v and fallout 4 on full graphics no problem, this game is unplayable on any settings... Does Steam do refunds?"
,Not Recommended,225540,27228805,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TruePrince,Goat Simulator.
,Not Recommended,225540,20297208,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,everything is cool man,It's like a demo for Just Cause 2.
,Recommended,225540,23411294,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Snakinator,AMAZING! I personally suggest BUY IT NOW! endless amounts of fun you can do over and over again!
76561198125032719,Recommended,225540,19737692,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,matzombie,"Super jeu, mais je donne 0/10 parce qu'il plante alors que je n'ai aucun problème de performances en jeu, j'ouvre la carte et bim, j'dois redémarrer l'ordi. ♥♥♥♥ l'optimisation ou autre chose, c'est mauvais, ça gache un jeu exeptionnel"
,Not Recommended,225540,21925593,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,dmayan,"Funny bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Low framerates, crashes everywhere, funky physics... It's like an alpha. I mean, when you can play, is funny, thats 10% of the time. Just don't buy it"
,Recommended,225540,20121070,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Battlelon113,Just Cause 3 is a beautiful game with (almost) flawless exicutiion.pros: Literal upgrade from JC2 in every possible waycons: rebel drop early game is funky and the the story is pretty basic.One complaint I've seen a lot is DRM. This game doesn't have DRM at all. The game auto connects you to servers that share online leaderboards but it doesn't impead gameplay in the slightest. if you lose connection nothing happens!!!!note: some costumers have been expiriencing preformance problems but i haven't ever run into it so be aware that it could studder but it may not.
,Recommended,225540,20283672,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Spooky Scott,"If you loved Just Cause 2. You will love this game.(For Rico's Beard)I personally actually really enjoyed the story, even though I haven't finished it.Literally got to the mainland and just ♥♥♥♥ed around for ages, I stole a bavarium tank from an Airfield and drove it into the main city into Di Rivello's Palace.I'm really good at video games."
76561198123901154,Recommended,225540,23386335,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DrMynus,Best Game ever
76561198000815147,Recommended,225540,20227342,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,pstealth,"Due to perfomance issues It's uncomfortable and fun-breaking experience now, but when fixed it'll ROCK!"
76561198131852137,Not Recommended,225540,29991646,Posted: 17 February,all,Mikhail Kalinin,"unplayable piece of crap terribly optimised, game itself is really repetitive and boring and now there releasing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dlc, horrible game"
76561198326706904,Recommended,225540,25297362,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Rohil V,Great game to play with amazing graphics and a very vast world to explore in spare time
76561198155854800,Recommended,225540,23408477,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,BlackFlash,One of the most fun open world games I have EVER played.
76561198030251409,Not Recommended,225540,29497929,Posted: 26 January,all,mark_ak_xx,WONT LOAD ANYMORE
,Recommended,225540,20099607,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,rome,"Just Cause 3 was the first game of the franchise I played. It combines elements of Far Cry and GTA and adds a whole lot of explosions to this mix.The map is incredibly huge, but with the grapple-wingsuit-parachute combination JC3 manages to fix the problem of Open World game travel. Furthermore all usual vehicles such as trains, planes, cars, bikes, helicopters and boats can be found on the beautiful islands of Medici - and are very much recommended to be used against the regime of dictator Di Ravello - as the enormous world of JC3 is filled with countless military bases, villages and cities to be liberated.Therefore, if you are not a person who knows how to creatively entertain oneself with the given possibilities in this game, you may get bored pretty fast.While somewhat repetitve in liberating bases and cities, the story missions are surprisingly fun. Although you may not find yourself heavily invested in the story of Rico and the other characters, the dialogues are funny and the action is delightfully exaggerated.Furthermore there are lots of different challenges, such as wingsuit courses, boat races etc, you (unfortunately) need to complete to gain access to game internal mods.Luckily I was one of the players for whom the game workedrelativelygood from day one, that means only a few bugs occasionaly; such as missing street textures, the vanishing of all the water in the game, crashes when closing the game and more.Additionally I had to fight with constant fps drops and the longest of loading screens ever. It is needless to saythis game is not very well optimised;let's hope this gets fixed eventually.Nevertheless I was having a ton of fun in the 70 hours I played before finishing the story, maybe because it's just the right game for me. Just Caus 3 is what you make of it. If it runs.8/10"
,Recommended,225540,19407557,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Willisoid,"Dont know what the jokers are on about with framerate issues, mine works like a charm. Games got a wingsuit so worth the $60."
,Recommended,225540,20489109,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,TornFall,11/10 exploding♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,225540,20552506,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,BarlaVon,"This game has been open, non-stop, for about a week. I come home from work, throw up a podcast on the steam overlay, and have been systematically going through the map. It has it's problems, but Just Cause 3 nails a core loop that is really enjoyable. The map could be improved, mods to make the grapple longer are a must, and generally not giving a ♥♥♥♥ about the story is highly recommended."
,Recommended,225540,20584957,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,WonkWonk,"Just Cause 3, one of the most and fun and entertaining games I've ever played. Just cause does have it's faults but the mainly smooth gameplay and wonderful textures and in-game graphics just make a paradise; as whatever your imagination extends too, is want can be accomplished and added upon.The Story line is the main down side as it's short reveltivly flat, without much character interation apart from in missions with Mario and Sheldon, whom are meant to be some of your best friends avoid you like the plague; But if you are anything like me you could care less and just want to grapple innocent people to the gound and put rocket sticky bombs in thier♥♥♥♥♥.. which also one of the many reason why this game is fun, there is no limit to causing mayhem.As if you want to sit there and crash planes into bridges and make cars fly, you can. There is no limit, the only limit is your imagination; as if you want to act like a crazed idoit you can, if you want to try and fly a helicopter upside down, you can.In conlusion, Just cause 3 deserves awards for inspiring people to commit acts of mass murder and inhuman funny pranks on NPC's becuase oyu feel like it, yes the story is terrible and there is no multiplayer (which is a big down side) but forguve that of just cause 3 and let your imagination run wild in every manor possible."
76561198122799510,Recommended,225540,20859582,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Poelander04,"I like the game, but I dont know how to progress the story after  destroying the first base. I know it's still fun without story at all, but when you take down more and more bases, then it gets kind of boring. But, it is pretty much the best Just Cause game in the series. If it gets on sale sometime, you should buy to have a lot of fun"
76561198003066842,Recommended,225540,21814978,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,SuperSpesh,"its a fun game and a good port.But its shallow for some people. you will mostly be skydiving and blowing stuff up. If you are looking for a gripping story or athmosphere look elsewhere.But one negative is the always online thing, Constantly interupting the action by asking you to logg in, Its annoying needless and time consuming."
76561198104330391,Recommended,225540,21823396,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Nitro,"This is one of my favourite games, and whenever i dont play with my friends this is the game i play"
76561198044146100,Recommended,225540,20554249,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,RottieMan,"Blow stuff up, alot of stuff"
,Recommended,225540,20581040,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Salam4nder,can be buggy but its still the best game ever
76561198035997724,Recommended,225540,20866933,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Are You Juicing Bro?,"It's a pretty nifty little game I guess.When it works properly...Disclaimer:I still have yet to finish the game, as I get a little flustered when it starts acting up and decide to give it a break and play something else.Update:The game's stuttering has got a little bit better, but only minutely. Still stutters worse than your drunk uncle hitting on your mother.After about a 15 to 30 minutes of good solid gameplay the game starts stuttering for some random reason. Ill be roaming around doing stuff and the game will stutter for a period of about 1-2 seconds. It'll either take a huge drop in FPS or it will freeze completely. At first these stutterings occur randomly, but the game is still playable. However, the longer you play the more frequent the stuttering, reaching the point of making the game almost, but not quite unplayable. At this stage I usually get flusterd and just play something else instead.Baring my problems with the physical act of playing the game, the gameplay is quite fun. Lots of pretty explosions and just stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥the player can do both scripted and unscripted makes it a fun little thing.However, while I havent finished the game entirely I will admit that the story is a bit bland from what ive seen, and the characters as well. I just dont laugh at them as much as I did in the last Just Cause. I wish steam had a ""Neutral"" button for a review because this game in its current form is fun, it just does not work all the way right now."
,Recommended,225540,21821359,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,SC.Vith,"Denim Dan is back in another shoot-em-up adventure in a big, beautiful open world that is crawling with stuff to explore.This game is like freebasing fun."
76561198202432790,Recommended,225540,21845299,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,KR33CH,"I've been a big fan of Just Cause since the beginning and if you like it from that standpoint, it's a great game. It takes everything that was awesome about Just Cause 2 and made it better. It improved the not so good things as well.Pros:It's funIt's bigThere's tons of things to collect and findThere's tons of explosions, things to drive, and things to flyThe amount of new weaponry is really cool*It's very unrealistic-you aren't gonna die unless you're doing something wrong. That means more time to shoot and explode thingsCons:*It's very unrealistic-The amount of damage you can take from bullets and fall damage is so OP its ridiculousThe shooting controls are not the bestThere's no sprintAt times the controls just don't listen to you. Especially the wingsuit/grappling hook comboThe story line is not that good. It's just more organized chaos throughout the world, but I like that about it.On the whole it's a great game in my opinion, I can get over the things that it's lacking, I could however, see how people are not the biggest fans, but this is a very fun, screw around in the world game"
,Recommended,225540,21854989,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,shnpio,Great game but does have lag spikes only had one crash so far
,Recommended,225540,19562634,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Warped Sage,"I have successfully completed the story mode and taking over every inch of land while collecting every collectible. So this is the review of someone who has fully completed the game.  This game is hard to rate as it has some really good aspects and some really bad aspects.    I did not experience any technical issues other than I could not turn 1 or two options to high because I do not have the top of the line graphics cards. Other than that, it ran like a dream.  Through all 50 hours I played I only had 2 hard crashes, which were partially my fault in constantly tabbing out.Negative:1.  Controls.  I found that certain activities were better with a controller, while others better with mouse and keyboard.  Things like wingsuit challenges and controlling airplanes were far easier on controller than mouse and keyboard while largely everything else was better on mouse and keyboard.  I used both.2.  Spawn Zones.  I did not enjoy how enemies were spawning.  While most enemies had to drive in, fly in, or travel a bit to get to you, some spawns (especially the ones who I was told about over the radio) would just appear out of no where and get the first shot from one of my blind spots.3. Cheap Kills.  There were a few instances (less than 10 across 50 hours) where an explosion of some kind would ragdoll me to the ground in the middle of a fire fight.  There was absolutely no forgiveness in this.  I could not get up, could not do anything other than wait to be shot a few more times, and if another explosion happens nearby repeat the cycle.  This is punishing not difficult.4. Unbalanced Helicopter Play.  Helicopters are the most overpowered yet annoying aspects of this game.  You can see the development team had problems with this aspect of the game.  There are a lot of helicopters everywhere throughout the entire game.  You could easily take down almost every base with helicopters some without taking damage at all.  To solve this problem, the developers decided to spawn helicopters in your blind spots that get 1-2 shots to kill your helicopter before you can sufficiently react and to put anti air turrets everywhere.  This makes it annoying to even use a helicopter more than hard.  So to counter this problem you can just sit outside of the range of the mobile SAMs and any enemies even raising a warning alert by firing in the basic area of the base and destroying it anyways.  They really unbalanced this badly.5. Short Story.  It is 8 episodes for 3 chapters.  I could speed through these in less than 3-5 hours if I wanted.  It's not so bad, but the real meat of the game is in base take over and side missions.6. Repetitiveness.  I found the collectibles and base take overs to get over redundant and repetitive after a while.7. Ocean Traversal.  Once in a while I would get stuck wingsuiting over ocean just to run out of air and just fall into the ocean.  You can avoid this of course, or call in a boat, but if you are stuck out there, swim speed is excessively slow. This can be terrible in an action oriented game like this.0. -did not take off points for this- Missile Lock.  I could not get my missiles to use their missile lock function. This made jets nearly impossible to use.  I worked around it by getting out and using a sniper rifle once or twice and getting back in to gain spead back.  I did not take off points for this because I am sure it will be patched and fixed for the few of us who have this problem.Positives:1.  Really Pretty.  If this game was a lady, she would be a solid 7/10.  While the graphics aren't the most realistic, nor the best engine, once in a while you can just enjoy the scenery while parachuting, ziplining, and wing gliding.2.  Solid Action Game.  Because this is essentially an action shooter with RPG elements, the speed of the game is key.  It delivers in action. You are constantly moving and destroying.  The person who shoots first and most accurately wins in fire fights.3.  Variation.  You are given tons of options on how to take down bases.  You can get an airplane and drop bombs, get a helicopter and bomb/gun the heck out of everyone and everything, throw grenades, just use your grappling hooks to tug things in direction, shoot while parachuting, grab a tank and start blasting, or grab a minigun and go to town. You can only carry 3 major guns, but the options are nearly endless. Even though I found myself partial to the assault rifle.4. Story.  The story was above average.  It is a very normal story, throwing out a dictator who took over a country.  The dictator has no redeeming qualities so it's simple as good versus evil and you are the hero. It also has a subplot of the idea of redemption and trust. While not overly complicated or great, it is good.5. Unlocks.  While the collecting of collectibles felt boring as they had no variation and no side story, when you manage to collect the complete sets, I got things I thoroughly enjoyed.  Get all stunt jumps to get the monster truck and just smash over cars for fun. Collect enough parts and get yourself the iconic beautiful colt single action peacemaker enough to make you use your worst John Wayne quotes.  Collect all of di Revello's tapes and get his gaudy helicopter with a force shield, why? cause the top 1% needs a helicopter made of pure gold.  Anything else would be pedestrian.My score:6.5 out of 10It is a solid game with solid aspects.  It is pretty mediocre in a lot of ways, but manages to keep me just entertained enough to finish it completely."
,Recommended,225540,20554527,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,RvrZ,Another Version of GTA 5 but chaos edition
76561197986484371,Recommended,225540,20656443,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Upgrayedd,"Crazy action, good times."
76561198032977804,Recommended,225540,19561886,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,CMDR Boom,"Medici has a superhero!JC3, while very similar to its bretheren, has been an absolute blast. Like Mad Max from the same studio, it's not only a pretty game, but a surprisingly good game! There's so much to do, and an actual story/plot to follow, that this game will keep you coming back and not just to blow ♥♥♥♥ up when you've had a bad day.One of the things I asked for was some kind of game plus mode where bases could be retaken, and a big surprise here: beat the story mode and you can do it as many times as you like!!!! Merry Effin' Christmas to me!!!Overall, it satisfied me so much more than some titles I expected to wow me, ala MGS-V.  Mad Max was a grand slam out of left field, and if they get a few graphical bugs worked out with Just Cause 3, it will be well on its way.Now if only the parachute had rockets on them like the last game..."
76561198027571985,Recommended,225540,20565157,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,FUCK AMD skinnypenis,is vry gut gayme
76561198021366586,Recommended,225540,20585547,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,[TP] Eclipse Gaming,"One of the best open world action games out there, if not the best. Lots of explosions, shooting, killing and other amazing stuff. If you liked Just Cause 2, you'll love this one!"
,Recommended,225540,20686532,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,BazookaBoi,I WOULD DEFO RECOMMEND DIS GAME ITS AAWWEESSOOMMEE!!!!!!
,Recommended,225540,20687555,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Foreskin Samurai,"Very worth it,And the grapple mods yup I PLAY"
,Recommended,225540,21826624,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Lv100 Magikarp,"I don't know why is the game so lowly recommended, beside maybe being really exigent on the computer. I have a 1.6k Rig  and can play this game at almost ultra setting, I play it lower than that like med-high so my computer doesn't catch fire and guess what even at those high-medium setting, I've never seen a prettier game. Water physics and wind and flowers and explosion and everything haha.But here comes the fun part, I don't really care about the graphics it's the game mechanics that makes this game one of the best of the year IMO. If you liked just Cause 2, well here comes the faster and better version. You don't have to spend money in order to order gear or vehicule, you can get them as you wish.There is over 10 methods do destroy things and it all come very naturally to me. You want to tether 2 gas silo together and make them fall and explode? Sure go ahead. You want to drive a jeep towards it and eject (making the vehicule explode ridiculously easily) Sure you can do that too. You want to walk to it put a explosive on it (inifinte ammo btw =D ) and make it go boom! Sure! Want to take a helicopter and destroy everything. Tie some explosive to a cow and then tether the cow to the silo cooking beef on gas sounds good!I am at almost 8 hours and this game is still really fresh and really fast paced! Get it while on rebate if your computer can run it =D"
,Recommended,225540,21833070,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Slaaz,Having a lot of fun playing this game.
,Recommended,225540,21839376,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,PS1 Hagrid,I LOVE THIS GAME. Even though you need a beast to run it.
76561198135622318,Recommended,225540,19768586,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Kung Fu Panda Master,unfotunatly just cause 3 at first loaded really slow and crashed once i got in-game. since the update it has been crashing right around the intro cut scene but loading a lot faster. i really hope that the crashing gets fixed becasue this game looks really cool.
76561198020713649,Recommended,225540,20582964,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Memcwho,"My Rating 9/10Pros:-It's fun-Purty scenery with actual colour to it, no more greybrown GTA sandbox here.-Explosions-More explosions-I rode a plane and then some more planes came, but I grappled those planes together from my plane and then those planes exploded.-None of the fps or bug issues everyone else seems to be having, seriously, are you all running this in a potato clock?Cons:-Loading times were a little long even with good hardware. I remedied this by not staring at my monitor, screaming for it to load like a gibbering retard and just wasted some time on facebook or snapchat.-That was it, maybe the map was TOO large? but getting around was fun regardless."
,Recommended,225540,21853931,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,earthnug,"Don't tell anyone but I have a secret crush on Rico, his voice is quite sexy. But then everyone loves Rico too!I keep coming back to play this game, the graphics are amazing and being able to fly around and parachute around is an enjoyable way to explore the maps. However the quests do get a bit same ole, same ole destruction. But the explosions are fun!It's a nice, easy, beautiful game. Great for when you want to relax in a pleasant open world."
,Recommended,225540,20563843,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,WASCH1,"One of the best games I bought recently, definitely worth it!"
76561197991069571,Recommended,225540,20863831,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Bluuey,"Great game!  If you liked the first two or mercenaries 1 & 2 then this is a good buy.Gameplay is great and the shooting is much more snappy and improved compared to JC2.  The world is HUGE and combat just feels much much better in general compared to JC2.* Most of the negative reviews I've seen are from people that are having trouble getting the game to run smoothly, but I did not have any problems at all running with max settings even before I upgraded my gpu.Specs when I played this game at max settings at 50+ fps:  i7 6700k 3.4 ghz, 16gb ram, gtx 960."
76561198035779314,Recommended,225540,20882394,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Bez,Just Cause 3: It brings out the pyromaniac in all of us. Do recommend.
76561198065388453,Recommended,225540,25707312,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,WhiteWOLF,"A really good game, but shutter ♥♥♥♥s it up ! Buy only if you have atleast 12 gb ram"
76561198150649784,Recommended,225540,21841406,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Wombo ﴾͡๏̯͡๏﴿,very fun
,Recommended,225540,23797181,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Eggsackqueuethor,"I really like this game.Physics are pretty decent.Map is huge with alot to collect and activities to do.Though i do reccomend working around the gears somehow(google ""mrantifun"" just cause 3), then the fun begins."
76561198247782642,Recommended,225540,28765616,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,killswithch365,best game ever
76561198058811841,Recommended,225540,28908612,Posted: 1 January,all,Autistic immigrant,It crashed because I was blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up.
,Recommended,225540,23883072,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,A Majestic Pig,Great game i would recommend this game to my bros/friends because its a great game!
76561198092669655,Recommended,225540,20997143,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Cara,":D thumbs up ! Totally like it.. If you enjoy playing GTA / Saint Row, I will recommend you this game. This game run perfectly fine on my laptop. So far no issue.My laptop's specs:-i7 4720HQ @ 2.60GHz-16 GB RAM-64 bit-GTX 960M"
76561198073063826,Recommended,225540,21141840,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Caesar Saladmander,"""One 18.25 ounce package chocolate cake mix.""""One can prepared coconut pecan frosting.""""Three slash four cup vegetable oil.""""Four large eggs. One cup semi-sweet chocolate chips.""""Three slash four cups butter or margarine.""""One and two third cups granulated sugar.""""Two cups all purpose flour.""""Don't forget garnishes such as:""""Fish shaped crackers.""""Fish shaped candies.""""Fish shaped solid waste.""""Fish shaped dirt.""""Fish shaped ethyl benzene.""""Pull and peel licorice.""""Fish shaped volatile organic compounds and sediment shaped sediment.""""Candy coated peanut butter pieces. Shaped like fish.""""One cup lemon juice.""""Alpha resins.""""Unsaturated polyester resin.""""Fiberglass surface resins.""""And volatile malted milk impoundments.""""Nine large egg yolks.""""Twelve medium geosynthetic membranes.""""One cup granulated sugar.""""An entry called 'how to kill someone with your bare hands'.""""Two cups rhubarb, sliced.""""Two slash three cups granulated rhubarb.""""One tablespoon all-purpose rhubarb.""""One teaspoon grated orange rhubarb.""""Three tablespoons rhubarb, on fire.""""One large rhubarb.""""One cross borehole electro-magnetic imaging rhubarb.""""Two tablespoons rhubarb juice.""""Adjustable aluminum head positioner.""""Slaughter electric needle injector.""""Cordless electric needle injector.""""Injector needle driver.""""Injector needle gun.""""Cranial caps.""""And it contains proven preservatives, deep penetration agents, and gas and odor control chemicals.""""That will deodorize and preserve putrid tissue."""
,Recommended,225540,19426445,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Super Moopy,It's after Just Cause 2 and possibly before Just Cause 4.
76561198125961974,Not Recommended,225540,21155663,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,AbsoluteRive,My system for those that want to knowCPU: i7 4790k @ 4.8 GHZRAM: 32gb corsair vengeance 1866mhzGPU: 2x evga gtx 980 ti hybridsI have not had any problems running at 1080p or 1440p but 4k is out of the question. The 2-3 minute load is just dumb. i thought GTA V had a long load but this blows it out of the water.The game looks stunning but until they get sli working for it i won't be playing it.
,Recommended,225540,21195151,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,thummi,"Hello, Folks!First: I know, I don't have all Achievements yet, but I played the hole Story...Basically it is a great game. Sure, it got some issues, but the Story is as realistic as the technology used in it. The Graphic is nice and beautiful. If you want to be spoilered, just send me a friend request and I'll spoiler you (or go check out my screenshots, got some graphic issues and other bugs in there).IN THE END: JC3 is worth a buy, recommend for people that play for more than 2 hours a day."
,Recommended,225540,19654218,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Swine,"I feel that a lot of people are just complaining about the preformance issues, and i understand that, I even get preformance issues sometimes and it is annoying. But other than that the gameplay is outstanding and well worked put, the grappling works very well and smooth, the flying is different, but once you get the hang of if you should be set, Plus all of the new side missions, and upgrade menus, I also love how they added in random events, and rebel takeovers. There is so much more to cover that im just going to end my review here. Overall I'd rate this game 8.5/10. OH AND SQUARE ENIX IS GOING TO FIX THEIR♥♥♥♥♥♥ SO CALM YO SELVES."
76561198115765899,Recommended,225540,19426836,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,The Quacken,"this is a great game with  a few bugs, but its worth it."
76561198120926316,Not Recommended,225540,19849256,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,therangley98,"If you can get Just Cause 3 to work then it honestly is the best game you'll ever play. However, if your not part of that 0.001% of successful users then it's too trigic to play, as it will only do so for 7 minutes utill it crashes, or stutters to the point it frustrates you too much to play.I squeezed 25 magnificant hours out of it before it thought it would develop parkinsons and epilepsy.It's a 5 star game that won't let you play and I recommend you be patient and wait till avalanche have righted their tremendous wrongs."
,Recommended,225540,19464033,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Starkiller,"Making cows fly and then blowing them up while nuking a nearby town is very fun.UPDATE: You people who say this game is ""poorly optimized"" are really ♥♥♥♥in idiots. Did you read the minimum specs? Come back when you have a higher IQ."
76561198051402259,Recommended,225540,19457720,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,#.#.Reekeli.#.#,"-The Best Game Of My Libary -Reasons :-I have played just cause 2 (and it was awesome, until this game)-i never get bored of this game-ropes and guns, what else would you want ???"
,Recommended,225540,19454736,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Billy The Grape,"I have been waiting for this gaem for years, now its here. Its everything i wanted..... and moreGET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,225540,19453950,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Saitama Senseiiiiiiiii,İt is a very good game but ıt has some bugs. But i like it.
,Recommended,225540,19906765,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Banariana,"Fantastic game, havent played a game this random before in a long time... If you like micheal bay and his films, you'll definitely love this game. In my experience explosions never get old.(I know i only played 2 hours on steam but i have played it alot more on console potatoe) The game runs excellent despite the fact i have a AMD card. I thought this might give me some trouble but everything worked right away and flawlessly. The loading times are very acceptable after the patches. I REALLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME.Have a nice day."
76561198143417588,Recommended,225540,19907503,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,♕RehKappzz♕ツDruhh♘,"I saw a lot of negative reviews, but i still decided to buy they GameHaver playing like 5 hours i knew it was a good buy !!Very fun game to play with a lot of action and blowing things up ;) ;-)- Amazing graphics !- Great storyline!- Hour of fun !!Must have !!"
,Recommended,225540,20003241,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BigPickle,Worth the money if you like JC. I was very suprised to see the Mixed review status.
76561197971467729,Not Recommended,225540,20011365,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,olympia,"Having the option to skip the opening scene in the chair would be good for a game thats this unstable.  If its not the sound not working its the game freezing or glitching or just plain old locking up.  But when all thats not making you want to throw a brick through the screen, its a good game.  Just a pity it was not tested and fixed before they started to sell it.So if your going to get it I'd wait for it to hit the $10 mark.  should be fixed or someone will have a fix for it then.  Not waiting was my main fault."
76561198038258669,Not Recommended,225540,20010858,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DeathMetalLincoln,"I think this game is good... I think. I wouldn't actually know because it has crashed every single time I booted it up, only letting me get a hour into it and maybe 20 minutes into the actual story and gameplay. It is badly optimized on every level and just doesn't work 90% of the time. DONT BUY UNTIL THIS GAME IS FIXED"
76561197980040802,Recommended,225540,20007612,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Soluna668,"When it works right, it's ♥♥♥♥ing great. when the god damn steam servers are laggy, it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. I mean, every time you turn around the god damn thing tries to login, and the login process is mother ♥♥♥♥ing SLOW as a Turtle turd. I mean, WHY???? Perhaps I'm wrong, but if it's a simple god damn login, it should be a packet that takes a second to process. what the ever loving ♥♥♥♥ is going on? Steam needs to invest in their community, in their servers and their ♥♥♥♥ing bandwidth. it's a pisspoor example of how to run a company. to take something that is supposed to be an enjoyable challenge and turn it into a god damn slug race is absolutely rediculous."
,Not Recommended,225540,19959451,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ergonomic,"Excruciating loading times and poor in-game performance - avoid this game. I enjoyed Just Cause 2 but they really dropped the ball with this one. It's shocking that this was actually released in this state. I've only played this after the first patch, so it must've been even worse before (somehow).I can't get a refund through Steam because I bought this as a present, so have  had it for a few weeks but only played ~20 minutes when asking for a refund. As such I'll have to wait for further patches, but I'm not holding my breath. A big thumbs down for both Avalanche Studios and Steam's customer service."
76561198264562881,Not Recommended,225540,19954271,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,GameDestroyer,it toulk 9 hours to download ao to day i load it up and it crashes laggs and dosent respond wast of 32 pounds
76561198065146703,Recommended,225540,26794098,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr. Fancy Pants,"This is litteraly the most fun i've had playing a game, everything feels great to control especially the F1 car and the wingsuit"
,Not Recommended,225540,29467277,Posted: 24 January,all,[SWE]Bandit,I had high hopes for this game. Then they go and release what seems like a bad awfully console port.And no multiplayer what up with that. Nope cant recommend this game.Play Just Cause 2 instead
76561198025933698,Recommended,225540,20039268,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TBonez,"Awesome game, you don't get bored because there is so much to blow up and the world is very expansive.  Great  gaming engine. Runs well on SLi and very high resolutions like 7680x1600.  Having a blast...litterally lol..."
76561198169499867,Recommended,225540,20124122,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,vl3d,"nice gameplaynice graphicsnice explosionsnice physicsexpected a better optimization,but it's ok.."
,Recommended,225540,20286306,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Totle,I bought it Just Cause Michael Bay gave it a tick of approval.
,Recommended,225540,21242956,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Skorge,"While it is a fair complaint to say that the PC port of this game has many bugs and inconsistencies that could drive you mad, this game is so unbelievably badass that it's problems are insignificant. You will experience the occasional crash, or game lag, but blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up couldn't be a greater passtime."
,Recommended,225540,20181919,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Vampiric,"So very pretty. The story is more of a distraction to the meat and veg of explosions and traversing. Challenges are inteesting enough to be worth playing for the upgrades, and the wingsuit ones especially for testing just how close to that ledge you can get...Unplayable with a steam controller. 360 controller is smoothest. Once it's been well optimised, this will be a fantastic game for every pc."
76561198182720410,Not Recommended,225540,19411799,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,bashapretsch,If you liked Just Cause 2 you will like this. Its an OK Game.
76561198142604326,Recommended,225540,21242938,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Rags to Spags,"/h1 I love playing this game so much, but like others, I've had problems with the lag, and there is an easy way to fix it, and I'll help you./u I have a CurveScreen Double Monitor with Windows 10, so this may or may not help you.An easy way to fix the lag is to change the resolution of the screen, or what it is (ex. 1600x1200), keep changing it as you play until you find the least laggiest one, and once you do, and it's still kind of laggy, change the water texture, and that should fix it all."
,Not Recommended,225540,19523616,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,月海星霜 - Anthelixia,performing online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginvperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginvperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginvperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginvvperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginperforming online logginvperforming online logginloggin simulator 2015
,Recommended,225540,20127173,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Shushi :D,"Just Cause 3 is a game about, quite literally, blowing everything the f&%# up. Why?Just Cause(3).So far, the graphics are great, the gameplay is entertaining and engaging, and I don't seem to have any major problems, save for a crash here and there. But hey, this game is relatively new, and the benefit of PC games? PATCHES!Only complaints I have is that at times the same flowers and fields tend to get boring. Paying attention to detail like GTA V has would give the game the 10/10 rating it deserves. Nevertheless, an 8/10 for performance issues and lack of detail will do."
,Recommended,225540,19468812,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,God VS Christ,"Spiderman + Batman + Rambo + Roger Moore Bond + Directed by Bay, Cameron and Rodriguez = Just Cause 3"
76561198124741936,Not Recommended,225540,19770315,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Shady Character,i have been playing this game for while now and they are trying to make it better but you are making it worse people. the recent patch was ment to optomise the game some more but instead i keep crashing at moments where the game is processing something simple like moving the camera. wouldn't reccoment at this state
76561198225631732,Recommended,225540,27577374,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Go Go gadget,"This game is the best game to just hop and mess around. I rly recommend you give this game a try, you wont regret it"
76561198194746535,Recommended,225540,20174596,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,looseratdotcom1,love it must play
,Recommended,225540,20154991,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MkAwpSome,Its The Best Game Since 2015 BTW Today Is The Night Of 31th Of December
,Recommended,225540,22513680,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Trendyjaguar,like this game but it crashes all the time on my windows 10 if you the developers are reading this FIX IT NOW!!!
,Recommended,225540,24037994,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sammie,Amazing game!!! Extremely fun. It is so incredible. Hands down! Better than GTA 5! And that is NOT a statement I make lightly
,Recommended,225540,24069565,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,sKaZ,I like to take the wingsuit and propel myself into a cliff at high velocities.
,Recommended,225540,24069473,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,atecom,"A game full of explosions, grappling, flying and mayhem. Whats not to like? Aside from the occasional crash."
76561198027081551,Recommended,225540,19421370,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ThisIsTheLongestNameTheyGaveMe,"I will admit, my first 15 minutes with this game were a frustrating mess, as it defaulted to 1280x1040, and would take no input. I had to launch in windowed mode and manually change to 1920x1080 to get it to work. After I got it to launch...The game will feel very familiar if you have played 1 or 2, but it brings some fresh ideas and updated visuals to make the destruction sandbox a whole lot of fun. Let's be clear, this is a Just Cause game... well known for lousy storylines, repetitive missions, and ridiculously dumb AI... and yet, it's ridiculously fun. I have been hooked on Fallout all week, and half expected to try this for 10 minutes, then want to jump back to the wasteland, but I ended up playing until I fell asleep.Pros:- Explosions... lots of them. Little, big, really big, domino'd, so much fun.- New tether system is awesome. Link any two objects together, then pull them together. Something extremely satisfying about linking a guy to a car, then driving off a cliff and jumping out with your parachute.- Humungous map, seriously, it's giant. Holy poop.- Another pro, just cause...Cons:- Story is lame (again, it's a just cause game... go figure)- Driving is... not great. Camera makes things a little difficult.- No multiplayer.... yet...- Another con, just cause.PC SPECS:AMD fx 8350 4.0 GHz, 16gb 2133 DDR3 RAM, MSI GTX970me 4GB"
76561198184820011,Recommended,225540,24979357,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,The Game Player,playing just cause 3 love how u can take cars from people and not get in troble but when u add c4 to ur own car the drm is like OH MY GOD  ITS THE END OF THE WORD also found out how to get under the map hahaha its a little tricky but when u find out how there's no talling what ur going to find.
,Recommended,225540,20576031,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Schiz0id,"I heard this game had explosionsit didit made my head explodethen my computernot only did my head require surgery, but my computer was ruined.apparrently Rico is italian now??8.5/10 would block the game in firewall advanced settings both ways to disable online mode again."
76561197978260094,Recommended,225540,21819980,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,your friend,the game is very laggy for me
,Recommended,225540,19562352,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,itsACoppa,If you can get past it's ubisoft tier optimization you'll find something quite special underneath.
76561197966535153,Recommended,225540,30182531,Posted: 25 February,all,(RiP)Y-450,great game
76561198074131358,Recommended,225540,20306301,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Delonous,"First review ever, first game worth reviewing.Can't stop playing, fun gameplay, good story to go along with it.100% worth buying."
,Not Recommended,225540,28073352,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Stonechat,"Just play Just Cause 2 instead.PROS:- Multiple tethers- Wingsuit- Perk system- bridge destruction- train destructionCONS- Unskippable Intro- Lack of mod support- No Anisotropic Filtering (doesn't actually work)- Broken V-sync ( no triple buffering)- Car & motorcycle handling is abysmal- Lack of interesting vehicles compared to Just Cause 2- Map is 75% water- Map is the largely the same copy and paste environment throughout- No sprinting- Terrible distant LODs- lazy story- Nothing worth exploring underwater- Small weapon choice- Zero character customization (no outfits/skins)- Zero vehicle customization. Cannot even change paint color.- Enemies spawn closely around player, they don't spawn away and approach.- Cannot shoot from vehicles (only motorcycles)- Helicopter handling feels unwieldly and loopy- Towns are all the same- No giant city- Civilian AI is nonexistant, it's a dead world."
76561198331595746,Not Recommended,225540,28960498,Posted: 2 January,all,Memeulous,"This game has THE WORST lag that I've ever seen in my entire life.  The running seems like tip-toeing in slow motion.  The game is also just not very fun anyways, and I found that out withing the first 15 minutes of playing it.  Luckily due to the event, I only got ripped of of 15 dollars instead of 30.  Buy this game if you have cash in your wallet that you don't know what to do with.  If you're not a rich man, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198168066154,Recommended,225540,20488108,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,guess whos back ?,"Square Enix, can i suck your♥♥♥♥♥♥please ?"
,Recommended,225540,24978764,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,2P-13,"Every now and then, a game crosses your way, and it becomes an addiction. Forget Facebook, or the news, or checking your e-mail, just open the game and dive in every chance you get...this game has been that addiction to me in both #2 and now in #3 (I never played the first JC). Lots of blowing stuff up, and then trying it with a new weapon or tactic. Some humerous dialogue keeps it light. Then you blow some more stuff up.The game has played smoothly, and looks great on my machine.Sure, the driving was poorly optimized. It isnt GTA5 or even JC2 for that matter...I accepted that when I read the reviews prior to purchase...shouldnt be so bad, but it is what it is...I can still blow stuff up, and cable myself into lots of trouble.  I am having a blast with Just Cause 3 and I hope others are having as much fun as I am."
,Recommended,225540,21370682,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kezoponk,"PLEASE MAKE A ♥♥♥♥ING JUST CAUSE 3 MULTIPLAYER MOD YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S FFS, AND FIX THESE IMBOSSIL BIKES, THESE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ A$$ BIKES IN THIS ♥♥♥♥IN' AYE GAME IS UNRIDEABLE AT 10miles/h FFS FIX THIS AND MAKE THE ♥♥♥♥IN' MULTIPLAYER MOD U LAZY BUGGER DEVELOPERSI believe this review is pretty good so vote up :)"
,Recommended,225540,20872135,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Deeps,The after-explosion effects could be made to last on a real time basis. It looks odd when a gas station explodes and everything settles down within seconds.
,Recommended,225540,20876144,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,MarsMatter,"This is overall a great game.  The graphics are amazing and the story is quite good, but the real fun is in the gameplay.  All the challenges you have to do to unlock the cool stuff can be a bit annoying, but it's definitely worth it.  The controls are very intuative and easy to use, and it's so cool being able to do all of this crazy action movie level stuff.  I completed the story over a month ago and I am still loving the sandbox aspect of the game.  It's so fun nto just mess around, find easter eggs, explore the amazing map, and blow things up.  Most of the major bugs pesent when the game launched are gone.  A few bugs still remain, but they are mostly physics bugs that just make the game more fun."
76561198176026233,Recommended,225540,21825992,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Lag,"Okay, to anyone who doesn't know what JC3 is or simply the JC franchise is based on, it's Micheal Bay x10 the story itself is more or less a cover up to say ""Blow stuff up"" with so many thing to satisfy your inner explosion loving self.Explosions: They are everywhere and I can carry the equivalent of a nuclear missile on my back, so explosions are a check.Story: Better than JC2 and much easier to actually proceed to the next one, I didn't like having to spend 10 hours trying to blow up enough stuff to go to a jungle, but it lacks atmosphere, it took 5 seconds for Dimah to die never mind the lack of any type of music during any of the dramatic moments. Very minimal and repetitive, over all I'd say it's just a cover up for ""Blow stuff up"".World: Huge and very explorable. Not much more I can say.Side-Quests: If you can call them that, I'm more talking about other stuff, like the Di Ravello tapes and ancient tombs. To be honest I did not find all 100 of them, I couldn't do that.I could go further but I won't so you can explore, I've said what needed to be said."
,Recommended,225540,21842598,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,YlwBrd,BLOW♥♥♥♥♥♥UP GET STUFF DONE. 9/10
,Not Recommended,225540,19682503,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Retrific,"Awful controls, bad performance, super awful camera, bugs everywhere.This is not a good game, and not really better than Just Cause 2.But everyone who had fun with JC2 will also have fun with this game.....I just hope they fix the camera and those bugs....and the controls"
,Recommended,225540,24288682,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,AbiHerobrine,i have good monitor and adapter ITS SO FRICKING AWESOME I CAN FLY WITH BOOSTER AND ANYTHING THE GRAPHICS AND THERE NUKE I LOVE IT NOW 2 YEARS AGO I DONT HAVE GOOD ANYTHING LIKE MONITOR AND ADAPTER ITS LAGGY BUT NOW ITS NOT
,Recommended,225540,25064671,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Glass,"I'm going to say it straight foward, this game is incredible if you have the rig to run it.AMD FX™-8350 Eight-Core ProcessorAsus M5A99FX PRO R2.0Corsair 8192 MB (DDR3-1600)Corsair 8192 MB (DDR3-1600)AMD Radeon R9 280Microsoft Windows 7"
,Recommended,225540,19451432,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Friggin' Rad,"Note: I am quite incompitent. If I accidently hit the Not Recommended button it is an accident. I love Square Enix and almost all their work.There are almost ZERO flaws with this game. I understand that it is very hard to run but the first thing I did when I got in was turn everything down to medium. It is a very colorful game with amazing controls and is my Game of the Year. Hell its easily the best game I've ever played. All the hate you see is people who bought the game and tried to run it without the proper specs. Here is a list of some pros and cons.Pros:-Plane explodes into debris.-Beautiful graphics.-The story isn't anywhere NEAR as bad as Just Cause 2.-Fun characters and humerous script.-Wide variety of vehicles.-Underdog like pre-game, god-like post-game. (Meaning how powerful your character is)-Amazing variety of weapons.-Creative features for special planes. (Ex. Storing vehicles on the cargo plane. Yes it's deployable mid-air with a full cargo bay that you could store at least three tanks in.)-Wingsuit. (enough said there.)-Infinite sticky bombs.-Portable thrusters.-A lot more unique challenges.-Huge map.-It's a hard game. (At first.)-Cool rewards for collecting stuff.-Unique use of controls. (Use of capslock. It does turn on capslock.)-New and unique enemy types.-The use of trains is amazing,-It's Just Cause 3.That's a long list.And this ones is not.Cons:-The controls are not what they were in Jc2. (F was grapple in Jc2 and is grenade in Jc3. I end up throwing a grenade by accident and grappleing to it. It doesn't end well.)I am aware there are many more cons (which I left out because I have yet to find them.) and I left out the graphical errors  because while there is evidence of them it was realeased yesterday. I very much suggest thise game for anyone who enjoys Open World games and is a fan of very aestheticly pleasing explosions.  Love you Square Enix. Keep up the good work. XOXO."
76561198105384284,Recommended,225540,25581389,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,boosted-636,Just Cause 3.........  i didnt think i would like it as much. But What you know!   HANDS DOWN TO CD RED PROJECT!!!!Bravo....
,Recommended,225540,25386774,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,CakeMixRemix,"I just can't stop playing! If you have a computer that can handle the requirements, plus a little extra, and love explosions, then I would definately recomend buying this game."
,Recommended,225540,25329014,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Baiterade,"*Calls down the power of Zeus to obliterate enemy helicopter**Gets achievement- ""Lightning Bolt!""*Hey! That's pretty good!"
76561198066124166,Recommended,225540,20029941,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ｗｏｌｏｌｏ,Detroit simulator
,Recommended,225540,20769736,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Tec,"This game is a brilliant game with magnificent scenery and gives a true sense of freedom.HOWEVER...a game of this calibre requires a PC with enough ""power"" to run this game smoothly, i have played through the story mode and liberated all provinces in a 800 X 600 resolution and everything still never ran smoothly. recently i had the opportunity to play this game on a current genoration console. compared to this my experiences seemed all in slow motion.i did what i did for the love of the game but if you go and buy this game now, make sure to check the minimum specifications required to play this game in full 1080p 60fpsTo qoute Nerd Cubed ""Best Game Ever!!"""
,Not Recommended,225540,19485667,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Rekalty,"This game blows. And not in a good way.Game has been out for over half a year and the Devs still haven't done much if anything to improve performance. Don't bother playing it, unless you're going to brute-force it with 4x Geforce 1080s."
,Recommended,225540,24538239,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,boi,"If you're a person who was born just in time to see people sexually identify as an attack helicopter, but a hundred years too early to see people physically identify as a fighter jet, then this game is perfect for you.*Requires DLC**Requires finishing a few campaign missions"
,Recommended,225540,24555061,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,7nachhalb2,"I play this game on a toaster (my laptop) with really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ specs (f.e. GTX 880) and it laggs and i have to play on the lowest settings,BUTthis game is fun. Enormeous, gigantic, insane fun. Sure, the gameplay is repetetive, the story is cheesy and the dialogue is not even worthy of a b-movie, but every time i strap on my wingsuit i have a good time. This game is no GTA V and no Witcher 3 and is as far away from beeing masterpiece as Michal Bay from an Oscar, but if you know that, you'll get what you expect: Mindless Fun, cringy one-liners and a ton of explosions."
76561198138499976,Recommended,225540,24679239,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ＯＵＴＬＡＳＴ,no online mode in this game (((
,Not Recommended,225540,24717528,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Rickest Rick,"This game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥  It eats all of my 8gb of RAM and even after I close the game the RAM usage doesn't reduce until I restart my computer.  I couldn't manage to get the game to even run at a steady 30FPS on a GTX970, Core i5 rig that's only about a year and a half old.  I don't know exactly what they did wrong but there's obviously something seriously ♥♥♥♥ed up with how this game runs under the hood."
76561198084580394,Recommended,225540,23900863,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DovahHeart,Idk why this game has mixed reviews I LOVE IT
,Recommended,225540,24108342,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nipple]-[ead,The gameplay is good and its really very good game. But it still has bugs. While landing on ground the character   will suddenly  go in water or get stuck. Please fix this always have to reload the game and lose the unsaved data. I would say buy it in sale.
,Not Recommended,225540,24110426,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,CMOS bitskins.com,The game is good but it does not seems to save :(
,Recommended,225540,24087245,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Egyptman09,"This game is very good. It provides a huge open world with tons of things to do. This and the physics in this game with the grappling hook makes you feel like your an actor in a Micheal bay film. Keep one thing in mind tho this game gets very repetitive after about 20 hours, its just more of the same towards the middle and end. 7/10 for me, buy only if on sale"
76561198026421832,Not Recommended,225540,24086203,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,kekistani_frank,Just cause 2 was fun and this is trash.
,Recommended,225540,23834785,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SteveZ flashyflashy.com,"When i bought the game i was scared that my laptop wouldnt have the power to play this game. Anyhow,it took me 10 hours to download.(the game is 38.6 gb now idk if it will change later on). when it finish downloading the game i was scared opening the game, but then it didnt lag at all in fact its stable 40 fps. but heres the thing, if there is much going on it will drop the frame rate but it will rise again. now lets talk about can you handle this game or not k? first u need atleast 16 gb ram ddr3 or 8 gb of ram ddr4. 12 gb of ddr3 is also fine, nvidia gtx 860m 4gb vram k, cpu is i7 cuz if i5 im afraid it wouldn not be enough to handle the game. so its not i7 second generation but the fourth generation or haswell. wondering whats my pc spec? here it is CPU:i7 6700HQ(skylake),Grahpic Cards=Nvidia geforce gtx 960m 2gb ddr5 vram, Ram=8 gb ddr4.This game is one of my favorite game, i would recommend you to download this but you need preety good pc or laptop.. so i would give this game 9/10 since i found bug, still its playable.. oh and for your information try to use the shadow quality low so it wouldnt lag, now sometimes in the game it would lag a little, but it will be fine.. iwould rate it 10/10 if the little fps drop gets fixed (usually drops only 6 ex= ive got 40 and it drops to 34). so i would recommend u this game but remmember that u need preety good pc or laptop.-gamingwithsteve321"
,Recommended,225540,23872789,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,rbrucemtl,Some people have issues with the games but it's running very smooth and never crashed yet for me after 8h.  I'm having a blast!
,Recommended,225540,21877986,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,TheColourGreene,"It is very well done visually but I do have a few complaints about this game.First, the cutscenes are extremely unnecessary. Much of the dialogue in them could have easily been handled in-engine.Second, the control scheme for planes is very bad. This wouldn't be an issue if you could customize just one set of controls at a time, but you can't If you go into the PLANE controls, not only will it change the controls when you are in a plane, but also all other controls in the game (land vehicles, water vehicles, helicopters, and yes, even on foot).Third, the progression system (GEARS) is linear and feels clunky. While I understand that you don't just want players to rush through to all of the good stuff, the linear progression system is not very good.Besides that, this game is very well made."
76561198065316735,Recommended,225540,19709925,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,<X)KaKZoot(X>,gr8 i r8 over 9000 out of 8 m8. its a gr8 micheal bay simulator and just amazeballs overall. i had no problems with download but aparrently other people did. also heapse of eastereggs and alot of different challenges and ways to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. good for blowing off steam for example that big bad bully in the playground at school; no problem just pretend that hes one of the rebels or one of direvellos men(if u like♥♥♥♥♥♥ an do aq whole bunch of bad things to him(it can be satanic or sexual. your choice. as i said gr8 over 9000 out or 8  and goodnight m9
76561198012653003,Recommended,225540,25536664,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Bambihunter71,"Overall, this has been one of my favorite games to play that has came out in recent years. It has quite a bit of replay value, if mostly due to the sandbox format and being able to do basically the same thing over again, but in creative ways. Once they released the first DLC (Air), the game was almost like new again. That bavarium wingsuit was awesome. It made a person feel like they were IronMan with the way they could take off and fly.I must say though, for all the fun the game is, what kept it from being one of my favorites ever, is the constant crashes and other issues that exist even to my review date (9-16-2016) after all 3 DLC's have been released. I rarely ever sit down to game, play until I am done, and exit the game. 99% of the time, it crashes and I don't feel like waiting for the long reload times so I stop for the night. Crashes are annoying enough, but when you have some record streak going on and it crashes, it doesn't save the progress of course so you lose it. Another huge thing is my favorite mission in the game is the flying fortress and you cannot replay it. They repeatedly have said that was an oversight and they were fixing it and would be released by the time the next DLC is released. Now the other two DLC's are out and the issue still remains. I kept my save file so I have went back and played it a few times, but lose all your gear, records, and such by doing so.I am normally not much of a multiplayer, but this is one of those games where co-op multiplayer would be absolutely awesome! Personally, if you aren't going to give us multiplayer, then remove the leaderboard.There is also a lot of things a person should be able to customize that you can't, mostly in the ways of controls. Also views and such. I will paste a running suggestion/bug report I kept on JC3 at the end of this review. Below the dashes...--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Bugs or issues:Ridiculous long load times, particularly the introNo SLI support. It is such a beautiful game but even with a GTX980, I have to turn some of the settings down to run it at 4kGame crashes often. I did find that while EVGA Precision X itself doesn't cause the game to crash, with its resident ""Server"" application running, it does happen more often. If you disable that, but leave the Precision X running it helps dramatically, but in no way do the crashes ever stop completely (the Precision X doesn't cause any issues in ANY other game that I play).Gameplay:Allow us to adjust difficulty. Could be as simple as adjustments causing the AI to give (or take away) xx number of enemy personel or vehicles for every xx% you adjust it.Give us a way to turn off damn leaderboard completely (currently, I just go offline completely so I don't get interrupted). The server drops have been reduced drastically, but I don't want to see it (don't care what other people do in their game). If this were truly multiplayer, then maybe... It seems when you go offline, it doesn't keep records however.Allow a way to ""re-oppress all settlements"" or ""re-oppress all MILITARY settlements"" at onceOption to re-oppress the two SkyFortress DLC bases - we were told via official sources that this was going to happen by the time of the ""Land DLC"" but now it and Sea DLC's have been released and that still is not fixed.Option to ""re-oppress"" without fast travel. Particularly this would be nice when going after things like ""time spent wingsuiting"" as it resets it if you ""re-oppress and fast travel""Have a way to reset the game and not have to find all the cars, shrines, etc. after you have completed the game once (may not be as important if ""re-oppress all settlements"" option is available. Same with the challenges. I spent a LOT of time on it the first play-thru and didn't realize it would reset it when I started over. Thankfully it didn't take away the steam achievements for it.Sometimes when you try to place a waypoint marker it makes a sound and won't do it for no apparent reasontoggle on/off seeing the summary after liberating every settlement; it gets oldMake ""auto-aim"" an option under each mode (wingsuit, helicopter, parachute, ground, etc) instead of just globallyAfter the 1st DLC, if you destroy a SAM, the second you convert the base, it will occasionally fire on you a time or two. The base right next to where you meet Mario when he was in the boat by the minefield, does this almost every time.make it to where you don't have to hit enter after completing a baseAAA guns - once you destroy them, they shouldn't come back; at the very least not while you are in the area.Trains need nerfed. Firing 6 missles at once is a bit much. Their ""reaction time"" is way too fast. YOu can approach a train with no HEAT, get very close, and fire but before one could even change directions, it accurately fired 6 missles at me in a split second killing me. All this while the train was derailing and going going over a cliff.GE-64 explosives: Since you can equip and drop from the air, why do you have to be looking straight down to plant them while on the ground? It would be great to be able to run and drop them as you go.After the base commander at Porto Tridente is killed, his red triangle to kill him remains. Thankfully, it at least registers the kill and allows you to liberate the base.Trains won't trigger proximity bombsClearing a base makes drone go awayCertain elements can be inconsistent, particularly wingsuiting, or transitioning from another form TO the wingsuit.Exiting a vehicle takes a LOT longer than it did in JC2.Wing Suit:Bavarium Wingsuit auto-target will fire on your own hacked (converted) SAM's. It also prioritizes explosive barrels instead of combatants or military assets for some stupid reason.Make a way to disable camera auto-center while wingsuiting (when I am looking around at targets while flying, it works as long as I am steadily moving the camera, but if I pause, it centers the camera again).Make a way to either disable, or re-key the tether retract while wingsuiting after DLC bavarium upgrade. I remapped the rocket key to right-click which works, as long as I am not too close to anything or it will retract me right into whatever I just fired at.Not sure if this is even possible, but it would be nice to be able to map a single key to do the boost/brake turn. Hitting shift and ctrl is extremely difficult to do reliably on a keyboard.Inconstistency with SAM's and trains. Sometimes you can destroy an entire base and a SAM will never fire, other times they fire seemingly way beyond their range. I would suggest reducing the base SAM's range slightly so there is a chance of taking them on one at a time if approached from the right angle. This promotes using tactics.Some sequence of keys (haven't figured out what exactly) when done just before you stall in the wingsuit, makes it turn into freefall instead; also breaking flight suiting time records. I have the option to close the wingsuit when slowing turned off..."
,Recommended,225540,20058879,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,fluffyfluff,"Great open-world game, exiting missions and tons of stuff to do"
,Recommended,225540,29940254,Posted: 15 February,all,FailuryXFarmskins.com,"insane sandbox, beautiful environment, improved story, I am enjoy in this game. Look forward the multiplayer mode!"
,Recommended,225540,24111038,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,captls7,"This game is ABSOLUTELY KICKASS, the plot is simple: make explosions and ""liberate"" those islands. But this is Just Cause and if you played previous generations you'd know the story simply doesn't matter in this game because you are gonna make some explosions and have some fun in this game. I do recommend you to get the expansion DLC, it makes you even more over power in the game.The graphics is great from a distance, but from a closer look, some terrain detail is still lacking compare to some other sandbox games such as GTA5. The water is simply beautiful though.I saw some other players complaining about performance issues with their high end rigs. I'm able to get this game running at 60 fps with all settings maxed out throughtout most of the time, it did drop to 30~40 sometimes when some extensive explosions happening but the overall performance is satisfying. It did crush two or three times though, and the idea of ""must be connected"" even the game does not have a multiplayer mode is stupid, all you get from logging in is to compare your score with other players when you do a particular action.Specs of my rig for reference:I5 6500 default clock speedmsi Z170 Krait Gaming16GB Corsair DDR4@2666MHzRX480 with 8GB of menmoryGame installed on SSD(not so ""high end"" right?)This game is nothing ""epic"", it is a simple game that is addictive and you're gonna have fun with it. Watch some gameplay videos on Youtube if you are still not too sure about whether to spend this money or not. For Just Cause 2 fans like me, JUST BUY IT."
76561198140695511,Recommended,225540,30081746,Posted: 21 February,all,plague doctor,"i played the 27h and then i randomly clickt restart and then it restartet the game and all my data is gone, and no ""are you sure you will restart?"" please add ""are you sure you will restart?"""
,Not Recommended,225540,19498155,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Doksilus,"REWIEW YOU ASK ... FOR THE FIRTS TIME IN MY LIFE I DECIDED TO HAVE LEGAL WINDOWS ,LEGAL APPS AND LEGAL GAMES BECAUSE I WANT TO SUPPORT THE DEVELOPERS AND WHEN I PAID FOR THE GAME TO ENJOJ NEXT 10 DAYS OF MY PAID VACATION AND NOW IM STUCK WITH GAME THAT DOESENT WANT TO START WITCH I PAID FOR AND SUPORT DOESENT GIVE A SOLUTION TO MY PROBLEMS LIKE MANY MANY PEOPLES WITH SAME ERROR ... I WONDER HOW CAN SOMEONE SELL THE PRODUCT THAT DOESENT WORK ??"
76561198234274604,Not Recommended,225540,20609158,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,sapheri03,i dont like it
,Not Recommended,225540,19665286,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Blackwolfe,Pros: Blowing up stuff is funCons: The gunplay is badDriving cars in this game feels like piloting a dead whale in a desertThe story ain't that good.CrashesGets repetitive fastThe challenge system is no funThe online stuff is annoying
,Not Recommended,225540,19699311,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Baghdad_AssUp,"Ok, i am getting good fps on this game, but the movement of the camera and stuff isnt smooth at all, sp untill its fixed im keeping my money! but il probably rebuy it after its fixed"
76561198002235698,Not Recommended,225540,19691825,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,driverofcar,"Am I the only one that feels like I wasted $60 on the most broken POS game ever to be released as a full game? The only game mechanics that work are the wingsuit and the tethers (most of the time). Not to mention the cringy story line, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ script writing, pointless cut scenes, broken driving mechanics, broken collision detection, and virtually no support for AMD, which is not fair for a community that the majority consists of custom built PCs. How does an awesomely built game like battlefront (yes, I understand the small content sucks, but the point is the game mechanics) gets hated on but this pile of lazy programming and design gets hyped? Someone please explain!"
76561198006839961,Recommended,225540,19718293,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,JungleVibe,Game does not save... Waiting for a fix :)
,Recommended,225540,19675281,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,MK,Improving everything
76561197972638038,Not Recommended,225540,19591187,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dominian,This game is such a disapointment compared to Just Cause 2. I had to drag myself through the 5 last missions just to get it done. The last mission is SO BADLY designed it's not even funny.3/10
,Not Recommended,225540,19456601,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Nick Blaster,"This game is fun no doubt about that ,but not at it's current state ! I played for 7 hours and the frames dropped so much that it's unplayable right now ,I'll wait for the fixes and would recommend the others to do so as well .I'm sure it'll be a good experience once it's playable but as of now I wouldn't recommend buying it !"
76561198089311810,Recommended,225540,19469666,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,squad up360,i love this game so far i had to force myself to quit cause i gotta get up early
,Not Recommended,225540,19738943,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Bloodshotleader,"steam wouldn't refund me for this cancertried to endure the pain, couldn't do itwasted 60$god has lost hope in us"
,Recommended,225540,19743482,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Dixey,"For the all AMD users, please update to the most recent beta drivers.  I'm not sure of a NVIDIA fix at the moment, but if you experience client crashes, it's on your end.This is a short review for those who don't want to spend time reading something thorough.This game isn't bad at all, what makes it bad thus far is the community giving it bad reviews. Just Cause 3 is essentially a reboot of Just Cause 2 with extra features, such as more challenges and more/less missions, beautiful scenery and intense action. (I haven't completed the missions, but thus far they're more enjoyable than the previous title.)This is a action, open-world game. It is a type of RPG, but do not expect endless hours of gameplay unless you enjoy gliding around, grappling around, exploring amplified physics and over-all having fun. After all, betwee the missions and liberating provinces, the linear part of the gameplay comes to an end fairly quickly.With ""gear mods"", completeing challenges/races are essential for a a more in-depth, interactive way of planning  and playing the game. Obtaining upgrades for the wingsuit, vehicles, and even the grapple are easy, with some challenges being more difficult or require pre-planning.  Most of the challenges can be complete without upgrades if you prefer a more vanilla way of playing.  Gear is no longer unlocked via chaos directly; rather, there is an objective.  Gear is ordered through the blackmarket system via beacons and flares which can be collected; gear is unlocked through destroying large bases, digging artifacts, and lighting candles - the typical Just Cause stuff.Over-all, it is not a game that is addicitive, nor would a smash my keyboard.  For a reboot title, 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,225540,19412443,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,HarryP,I cant get to the start menu the game just goes back to the desktop
76561198060299949,Recommended,225540,19498641,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,geo,Amazing When it works
,Recommended,225540,20383969,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Skyfire,"Just Cause 3 reminds me of my wife...- Good fun for 10 minutes of my day but then a chore to continue interacting with.- Much hate and explosion.- Like wife's friends, you must listen to many obnoxious characters every now and again.Would recommend if you have free money that needs to be taken from you."
76561198195972223,Recommended,225540,19970145,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Antjames88,"good game so far wing suit is pretty awesome, although there are a few graphic problems where you can't see the map too far away even on LOW settings! and a bit of stuttering... hope there is a patch to fix this soon."
76561198025035772,Recommended,225540,25701016,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,iacondios,"A fantastic open world game that is genuinely enjoyable to simply run around and explore. Also to blow stuff up in. I came into the game with sufficent graphical and computing power, as well as 32 GB of RAM, and experienced no issues at all. The ability to reset conquered bases and towns so that you can blow them up again, as well as the competitive ""feats"" tracking offers this game a lot of replayability. It's also pretty enjoyable to simply plop yourself on top of the nearest pedestrian vehicle or train, and watch the world scroll by... especially at 90fps in 1440p!"
76561198116030718,Not Recommended,225540,21903588,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Untold,I bought the Sky Fortress DLC but i didnt get the carrier and the Bavarium Wingsuit
76561198127362375,Recommended,225540,19413465,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Jacob7777,Just because its awsome
,Recommended,225540,19974068,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,raisingdankmemes,i recommend this game becouse it is super fun but there is one downside that is the story is so short i compeleted this game in just 20 hours i will play it over and over again becouse it is fun the wingsuit mechanics are awesome
,Recommended,225540,19974942,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TacticalBiscuit,OMG AMAZING I R8 8/8 M8 EXPLOSIONS EVCERYWHERERERERERERER
11262112621126211,Not Recommended,225540,28841420,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,JeefCake,"I have a good computer. Nice case, graphics card, cpu, and well.. everything you need to get 60-120 fps in every single game. But this is that one game, that one 60$ game people thought was going to be good. But no, in my opinion. The optimization is godawful and with my beast of a graphics card I still only average 40Fps. Along with the not so good Fps, I also get major lag spikes that basically make me die over and over again. Which is the most annoying thing once you call in a drop for a car, then go to grapple onto it and get in, but then you end up flying your wingsuit into a wall, dying, and the supercar gone for another 16 minutes. This is the first game I do not recommend, and I feel as if it should be that way."
,Recommended,225540,23387944,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,PlayerQWERTY,"Other then the fact that the game crashes, lags, hasnt worked for months at a time, doesnt show textures and assets, resets resolutions everytime I launch it and generally hates all AMD users and about half of the Nvidia users, its pretty decent."
,Recommended,225540,19479422,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,thamzen,"sikh game bruI can no speak english, only boomexplosive 11/10"
,Recommended,225540,20764281,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Homogeneous Khalidius,"Worth Buying NowBefore the update that came several days ago, Just Cause 3 was nearly unplayable. However, now, it runs just fine. I have a GTX 960 and I am getting 60 FPS with high settings. If you were refrained from buying Just Cause 3 due to the bad reviews of poor performance, I think the time has finally come to get it."
,Recommended,225540,20765488,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,PixelBoom,You just had to follow the damn EMP Rico
76561198252115552,Recommended,225540,20767955,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,minecraftman0,best game ever
,Recommended,225540,20774629,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Sythemastery,"Thus far I have played 30 hours of this game and I'm loving it, but it has not come without a lot of issues, so for anyoe interested in buying, here is a list of pros and cons:Pros:-Hours and hours of gameplay: I'm thirty hours in and have only completed the campaign and a few side activities.-General feel: Take Just Cause 2 and scale it up around 100 times, that's how this feels.-lot's of area to explore, in a beutiful enviroment: Medici is wonderful this time of year, and if the game sounds good to you, you should check it out.-Intriguing vehicle and weapon delivery system: Have you ever seen a cargo jet bust out of a shipping container dropped off by a sall jet? Do you want to?-The more items you destroy in a base or town occupied by military forces the more clear the things you haven't destroyed yet appear on the map.-A tonne of easter eggs, when they made this the designers got told if they wanted to add stuff in just to do it, and here we are now with little duckling speed boats.-A better driving and flight experience than previous Just Cause games (Not an amazing experience, but you get used to it)-After completion of the campaign, you aren't left without things to do, if you want to you can make the military re-take towns just so you can take them back again, you can replay activities, challenges, explore, whatever you want to do.And that's more or less it in a nutshell, now for a list of some pretty bad features.The cons:-You basically have to log in to their servers which constantly disconnect and have you attempt to reconnect for a leaderboard feature you probably don't care about.-The game has random frame rate drops that get consistently worse the longer you play it, I usually get 60fps and up, but there I am just chilling on a beach and bame 15fps and thereabouts.-It randomly started crashing every time I done a mission with Sheldon where you need to drive onto a cargo jet and i had to reinstall it.-The story is fun but also makes you feel a bit like you don't really care what happens to any of your team as it was also quite bland.-The development team isn't really that on the ball because one, they released the game in an (at times) almost un-playable state, and two they haven't updated it to fix any issues anyone is having, if you even visit the official website they have a bit where you can ask them questions and post to a faq to help improve the game and they have more or less ignored everyone.-The game is pretty easy and you can't change the difficulty, you can fall off a bridge and not die, you can get shot by missiles and not die, you can fall off a bridge, get shot by a tank and thrown onto a railway where you get hit by a train and not die. (Yes I know it is staying true to the Just Cause legacy with that)-Motorcycles are more or less not drivable at all-You need flares to fast travel most of the time and beacons to get rebel drop offs of vehicles and weapons.-The last mission was a bit 'meh' for me, quite bland I would say.So that's it, yeah I put a lot of negatives in there but it's still a tonne of fun so I do recommend it to anyone as a first Just Cause gae to play or just for them to continue on with Rico's legacy with in the hopes the biggest issues like crashes, fps drops, and things like that get fixed.Overall I rate the game a 4.5 due to it's issues, and a 7.5-8 if the issues are fixed."
76561198061842264,Recommended,225540,20778688,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,The Ultimate Potato,"This game is hilariously fun! I have spent way too many hours messing around and ignoring the wonderful story. This gaem has a few flaws (what games dont), but over all, I'd say this is a fantastic game"
,Recommended,225540,20778962,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Forebode,"It's JC2 but with better graphics, quests, weapons, and vehicles.  You can do story or just kill stuff.  The DLC's don't seem worth it yet.  I shouldn't have to trick steam to be offline to avoid the bs enix auto connect.  Initial loading video that's in poor quality pushes my cpu+GPU fans to 100%, which is annoying.  Initially booting up the game takes very long with 16gb ram and ssd's.  In-game loading is maybe 2-4 seconds depending on what it's for.    I haven't experienced any performance issues.  max settings at 2560x1440 g-sync 144hz, I don't run a fps counter there no noticable problems on a i7-3770@4.5ghz, gtx980@ 1580|8k, 16gb ddr3-2400, evo840s patched.  People really should post some part of their specs if they have actual issues running game."
,Recommended,225540,20780539,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,69xXxBuTt_MoNsTeRxXx69,"It might just be me, but I have had no problems running this game (and my computer isn't all that either)That being said, this game is a lot of fun. Just mindless fun."
76561198123353802,Recommended,225540,19651600,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Sir_Diggins,"Just cause 3, I have waited so long. Now before I start this ""review"" I need to tell you all a few thing first that might change my oppinion differently to yours. First of all JC2 was my favourite game of all time so when JC3 came out it was instantly a new favourite. The second thing which might be important to know is that I am one of those users with an AMD graphics card and I am having no problems at all, my computer is not the most powerful but it is fairly good (I would lists specs but I couldn't be bothered to look them up, but just know my computer was around $1,600 and I built it myself).Now I will get onto stuff with the game. First an foremost its huge, it's roughly the size of JC2 but there is more in it so it just feels bigger. It is also very, VERY, pretty. The colours are just incredible and it makes you want to wingsuit around just so you can take it all in. As a comparison to this it makes the very pretty game of GTA V look dull. The water is also very nice looking (I love water in video games)Since I have talked about the look I should now talk about how it feels. One of the main things they added as you probely know is the wingsuit and oh it feels nice to use, it might take you a but to learn how to use it but in the end you will love it. The also made the parachute feel better than it did in JC2 its a bit slower but speed is for the wing suit. Normal gunstuff isn't the best like in JC2, but the fact that you can grapple someone and reel in and kick them makes up for it.Explosions, I think these need their own paragraph because there are so many and they are beautiful. And I think thats all you truly need to know about them.Now the story isn't the best thing on earth but neither was JC2's. It's a bit funny at times and Mario is probably my favourite character but its still just eh. The gameplay of the story isn't to bad (there is a few frustrating ones) but the last boss which I wont spoil is just a pain to defeat. And yet you still, just like JC2, don't need to really play the story.Like JC2 this is a wonderful sandbox game where you can do whatever you want and I am going to play way more of it than I should because it is just so much fun!"
,Recommended,225540,20440813,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Sp1ceMan skinhub.com,i heard if you use ubuntu to run safari on a windows xp computer you bought from an apple store in the west side of detroit from a salesman who just got back from a 12 hour christmas party. that you can run just cause 3 for 20 seconds longer than usual (20 seconds total)
,Recommended,225540,22055916,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,BALWster,Grapple hook and Wingsuit. Nuff said.
,Recommended,225540,22053544,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,WantedSpider,"Just Cause 3 was very exciting news when the release date was announced before christmas. Upon getting the game and three solid days of playing, I was able to complete the story mode by nearly completing the whole map and finishing the missions, allowing me to roam nearly freely and collect Di Ravellos tapes. This however, did not satisfy my gaming time so I had stopped playing. If the Creators and the Producers of this game was planning on making another Just Cause, then they need to either make an endless storymode and a seperate game mode for roaming and find a way to make new missions or different missions based on how much you either help the city and join the rebellions or join cause chaos in the cities, killing many people and creating your own rebellion. Either way, the side jobs such as stranded boat, out of gas, or either of the other jobs were a great idea however I wish there were ways to chat and change dialog while interacting with those people by possibly robbing them. All in all, I might recommend this games to others."
76561198176965131,Recommended,225540,22053569,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Honey Roasted,this game is amazing so good it is bae
76561198211414267,Recommended,225540,22168745,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,TheFlamingFury0715,very fun with a lot of twists in the story
,Recommended,225540,22059010,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Broccolia,"Fun game but not a game i'd play for a couple hrs straight anymore, it gets boring after 2hrs+ straight."
76561198127577297,Recommended,225540,25257914,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,[PSF] captain_ent,"Just Cause 2 is better.Now wait, before you go ordering a hitman contract on me just listen.Just cause 3 is a Really good game it is my second favorite of 2015 (first is life is strange)It has fantastic new features like the best wingsuit in all of video games and the updated grapple that lets you pull objects.I feel like this game at the same level of brilliance of GTAV, truly astounding, mechanics wise but it has something wrong with it. for GTAV it's the multiplayer and microtransactions. with this game it's the lack of multiplayer and DLC.This game's DLC is quite good. I mean it has a jetpack, a mech and... a boat with guns on...?the air DLC is quite good it has some good and fun features like the jetpack with a rocket launcher and minigun which is useless and a fun helicarrier which you can only blow up ONCE.the land DLC is the Best. It has a mech with force powers and a hloe new island to explore and new activities like mech chaos and this time you CAN blow up the island more than ONCENow it's time to move on to the sea DLC (sigh). this DLC is the most disappointing with a lighting gun that makes the game too easy, i mean, it has potential but just cause 3 is about creativity and trying to get a really cool way to make a explosion not just to nuke the hole f*cking thing (which you can do in the base game). the boat is not that fun it just has some guns and that's it unlike the force powers with the mech and the jetpack has... well it's a jetpack. I will say the new base is quite cool and you can blow it up more than ONCE.anyway, now on to the base game.Just Cause 3 is (what us brits like to call) a bloody good game. It has good,fun bases and F*CKING AMAZING GAMEPLAY and... well that's it... i mean it's pritty but i think if this had the map of just cause 2 then it would be 10x better- F*CKING SUPER GAMEPLAY- amazing new features- SOME good DLC- the baces are fun- It's prittywell that's not as much as I was expecting. anyway on to the bad things. now before i get into this i want to say the 4 things above is why i recomend this game and the gamplay by it's self makes up for what i'm about to say, enugth to make it a quite good game.The map... Is like the DLC. it's split into 3 diffrent Island (without DLC)the first one is diteatiled and would be good for a map for another game. the second island is the most intresting and full of caves and underground bases. the third one is the most disapointing with about as much livelyness as mainland astrailla, most of it is just blank. JC2's map was alot better with more veried landscape with desuarts, moutains and dence forests and it had intresting locations like the ski resort, the airport and the lost island.oh and one more thing NO MULTIPLAYER!!! another reason JC2 is betterP.S. can someone please make a mod that adds in the just cause 2 map to just cause 3 please...EDIT: This game now does have a multiplayer but I have been unable to get it working so I cannot report weather it is good or not"
,Recommended,225540,25224321,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Austin Craith,"Runs fine on an i7 laptop with GTX 960M graphics and 16GB ram. Don't know where all the complaints are coming from.As for the game itself, it certainly has parts where the difficultly becomes insane but for the most part it is typical Just Cause explosive fun! The wing suit is a nice addition, though hard to learn how to use and I still regularly grate my face against the concrete.Controller support works great (except for releasing tethers buttons dont work well). It's a massive game world with tons of locations to liberate, too many collectibles and challenges and will keep competitionists playing for a long long time."
76561198146232070,Recommended,225540,25237010,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Jelly Kats,COOL GAME if you have a gtx 730
76561198036007902,Not Recommended,225540,25182659,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,samuel.a1370,"Seems to be just a pale copy of GTA or Far cry,  The game mechanics and vehicule simulation is Ok but not great same for the graphics, The AI is very average and does not make you feel like you need to have any tactics or strategy. This is not an awful game but there is so many better options in that genre that this is just not worh bying that game. This is by no mean a triple A game. As for the Overly used word sandbox notion. An open world game is not a sandbox! Those are not synonims!. People in their review seems to have great difficulty grasping the meaning of the word sandbox. Minecraft is a sandbox game, even fallout 4 and skyrim have decent sandbox features. Granted the story and mission are not linear half of a point there for sandbox like quality. In that game you canot build your own base nor customize it, nor chose their locations. Sandbox means open for creation and creativity.Otherwise the first ""sandbox"" game i have played is mario 3, you could navigate in the ""open world"" and redo the mission in a non linar way Yea."
,Recommended,225540,20388109,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,🗑️ Infamoose,"This game is fun, but has its ups and downs.Pros:-Fun game-Great destruction physics-Awesome atmosphere and freeroam map-Ok story, mostly just play for destructionCons:-Unplayable on optimized graphics-Lots of frame drops-Should have online multiplayer-Audio glitches-Graphics glitches-Awful vehicle controls and cameraTL;DRBuy this game if you want a fun freeroam destruction game, or like the Just Cause series. You don't need to have played the other two games to understand the story."
76561198007457047,Not Recommended,225540,23000567,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,donscholzy,i bought this game when it was pretty fresh and haven't played one minute until now because i get stuck / get an error just after the pain in the♥♥♥♥♥!unskipable! video that has not been fixed even though it's a known issueand after reading many post concerning errors and the overall performance and handling of the game i can only warn you:don't buy this game!!!
76561198273279800,Recommended,225540,20165488,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,chram2003,"I think the game Just Cause 3 is messed up. I am not saying it is a bad game, I am saying it won't let me connect. It says I should check my internet and it is great. Still won't work.  D:<"
,Recommended,225540,19473879,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,thelucifereffect,"10/10 had to buy a new graphics card but what the heck, it's just cause"
76561197972364092,Recommended,225540,21084914,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Lockey,"After 60+ hours I think I can say the game is okay. If you are hoping for the next big thing in open world gameplay, look elsewhere. This game is about as cookie cutter as it gets. The only new features are big explosions (and boy are they pretty) the improved tethers and the new wingsuit (whee!). The huge map feels a little empty at times and it hardly looks like there's a war or violent revolution going on. The story missions are okay. Freeing towns gets a bit boring after a while, with very little variation or challenge. Some of the basic abilities are locked away and you need to earn them doing challenges dotted all over the map. The first few for the wingsuit and the grappling hook are essential to get, but I couldn't be bothered to unlock them all. I had more fun doing crazy stunts or making up my own silly stuff to do.If you look at the large number of complaints in the reviews you can see there are quite a few bugs. I've seen a few of them myself, though not all the time. These included flashing terrain patches, falling through the map (usually while driving off-road), physics going crazy and the occasional crash to the desktop. Control prompts are also often for the wrong input device. Still haven't found that space bar on my controller. ;) The online challenge thing is also broken half the time. Don't bother with that.I played this game on an i7-6820HK with 16GB RAM and a GeForce GTX 980M at a resolution of 1920x1080. Performance seemed fine to me with all the settings maxed out.So in summary this is a tentative yes. Just Cause 3 is not great, but not terrible. If you're on the fence, wait for a sale or a permanent price drop. Also compare your hardware specs with the people complaining on the forums and in the reviews."
76561198108737192,Not Recommended,225540,21010302,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,volcano_sushi,"if you like:15 fps ALWAYSno compatibility with most computers♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphicsno soundsand finally, ""bargain deals""then this game is for you! but for any normal human being, this game is complete sh!t"
,Recommended,225540,20706061,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Dr.EvilZ,"I really like the game, a big improvement over the last one, the last one was good but this one is really good with the wingsuit and the new grappleing, the only i need is a little more RAM for it to run at its highest besides that i recomend you get it if you're reading this"
,Recommended,225540,19477634,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,KILLERR,"Well, other than the optimising, this is basically GoTY.Keep in mind that the game doesn't maintain stable fps on max settings if you have an Intel i5, i'd say i7 is the minimum.EDIT: The graphics card doesn't really matter if it's around GTX 770 and above."
,Not Recommended,225540,20421090,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,CF | iphone_xpensive,"Flickering with global illumination turned on is just annoying, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t disconnect every 5 minutes."
,Recommended,225540,22370929,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,LiquidThoughts,"Pretty fun.  I never had a mind blowing good time but it was still fun.  Blow stuff up, rinse and repeat.  Story is really lame and not a single character was even mildly entertaining.  Most of them actually annoyed me.Worth it if its on sale."
,Recommended,225540,21399707,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,FRABAR,"A big island to explore, and lots of stuff to blow up. This sequel builds off of the good aspects of JC1 & 2, leaves out some bad stuff, and introduces it's own flavour to the Just Cause series. I found it much less tedious than JC2, and much more engaging - even the ""tedious"" parts like gear challenges.I've definitely been getting my money's worth, and if you were a fan of the previous two games, you won't want to pass up this one."
76561198288347051,Recommended,225540,25379280,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,rushiflight,"A great explosive open world gamedespite some performance issues its still enjoyable.Dont think much,just buy it.Its awesome.I am comfortable on a gtx 750ti core i5 8gb ram.the game froze once and crashed 3 times in my 20 hours of play and fps drops are frequent after an hour of continuous play."
76561198233930660,Recommended,225540,25366596,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ThunderPie,worlds best game in humanity
76561198174598178,Recommended,225540,25367180,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Krandos,"If you like to blow things up, you will definetly love this game to bits. It`s not that cheap but therefore the content is amazing. The story might appear a bit short in my eyes, but hey, it`s about fun!"
76561198072025952,Recommended,225540,20726433,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ZeN_Snookerz,"Amazing game. Everything you see in the videos you can do in game and more.There are alot of fun easter eggs to find across the map.The story isnt the best but it wasnt great on JC2 either. The open world gameplay is what this game is all about.A lot of people suffer from frame rate issues which can be a problem but if you have a high end PC and are looking to play this game then you shouldnt have any problems.I currently run the game maxed out at 4k and the only frame issues i have are when i use the nuke launcher and cause massive explosions or if im in an area with a lot of trees or grass.I am running a high end PC but even a Mid ranged PC should be good on medium to high settings at 1080p.Again, i do highly recommend this game. there should be updates coming that will hopefully address the issues people have so even if you wait for that to happen, you should pick this game up."
76561197979472389,Not Recommended,225540,25323505,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,loituma,The game is good fun but what ruins it for me is that the developers arent fixing the bugs of the game and they are just releasing new content. Its just ridicilous that there are still such game breaking bugs as the homing missile bug over half a year after the release...
76561197970586586,Recommended,225540,25325621,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,paul,"Entertaining game, few elements are new but like the wingsuit and tethering options. Map seems a fraction of the size of its predecessor and year after release there are still the odd bug here and there. Also the lack of a turn online mode off is kinda annoying (maybe I don't want to know if fred blogs did this mission quicker). But thankfully the community found how to firewall the server should you wish to. Overall a visual upgrade to JC2 but not enough new to make it standout. That said it is still good fun."
76561197993462371,Recommended,225540,25330506,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ravendiscord,All around great game with fun DLC.
,Recommended,225540,25387830,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ethen291,What a top game im not sitting here writing a review cant be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but the gameplay is so fun almost 50 hours on record so i know what im talking about the gameplay is amazong however poor optimization espically for AMD CPUS and this game is lacking of multiplayer the devs are very very silly for not adding this feature as this game would of told 10x more copies im 100% on that if it was multiplayers also but the gameplay is really fun you would be stupid to not get this game!
,Recommended,225540,25398863,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Martin,Good
,Recommended,225540,25520745,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Gunshot,cool
76561198106168207,Recommended,225540,20335526,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,roflcopter,fun and way better than GTAV
76561198278956126,Not Recommended,225540,21184481,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,M as in Mike,"the game is good, but the framerate drops and the whole ""crashing eveytime you die"" thing make the game nearly inpossible to play. if you are interested in buying this game, you better have one beast of a computer, or wait until they get some opimisations out for this game. 4/10."
,Recommended,225540,21608810,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Riksu™,This is a really fun game.
76561198170080077,Recommended,225540,21609770,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,karinga0510,this had some of the best graphics i have seen in a game in a long time.
76561198135526575,Recommended,225540,22970636,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,kovo chaank,great game! i absolutely love the tethers! the audio isn't synced with thhe cutscenes but it just might be my pc. great and fun gameplay
,Not Recommended,225540,33286193,Posted: 5 July,all,josbeph83,This game needs to have like a lite mode. This game runs unplayably on a system which can run JC2 @ 1440p High with around 58fps.Specs:CPU: i3 2120 @ 3.30GHz (OC'ed to 4.80GHz)MB: ASRock H61M-VG3RAM: 1600mhz 4gb KingstonRunning of a 250gb SSD.
76561198121450474,Recommended,225540,31050020,Posted: 9 April,all,Michael18606,This game is really fun and lot's of cool cars!
76561198122877627,Not Recommended,225540,30034268,Posted: 19 February,all,alexyoung,This game needs graphical redons for lower end computers like grand theft auto graphics is what it needs the amount of power usage this game uses is beiond any software capability that I know of right now in other words uses way too much power on the system causing crashes and bugs. And my systems are par to date with windows 10.
76561198315272462,Recommended,225540,33399171,Posted: 9 July,all,JUNGLEE,osum😇😇
,Recommended,225540,33413198,Posted: 9 July,all,Master Taco,Really ♥♥♥♥ing fun. The mechanices are lit(I love blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up). The only problem with the game is the FPS drops and there noteven that bad. I recommend you buy it on sale it might be really fun but not worth the full price.
,Recommended,225540,27728988,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Red | gamekit.com,"Very Good Game, Fun, Exciting, Action Packed, I can play for hours!"
76561197987221232,Not Recommended,225540,33292241,Posted: 5 July,all,OnceAmbitiousOne,Game is the most unoptimized POS I've ever played and I play ARK a ton so I know that headache well.
,Recommended,225540,24002705,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,disabled,GTA 5 + SAINTS ROW HAD A BABY = JUST CAUSE 3
,Recommended,225540,27841848,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Horse,10/10 best game. buy it while it is on sale
76561198077872538,Recommended,225540,27847935,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Arthur king of the Britons,beeg badda boom
76561198007273815,Recommended,225540,32611942,Posted: 21 June,all,Blood-Nathicana,its ok
76561198192891594,Recommended,225540,19451038,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,You mum gay,only get the game if u have good sytem to runthis game
76561198248449152,Recommended,225540,19776164,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,BIGBOIJOHNSON,its fun
,Not Recommended,225540,21397884,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,COCO,poorely developed and honestly didnt not excite me as much as i was before playing the game
76561198112162416,Recommended,225540,19551270,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Edgeways Gaming,Very good game culd just do with some more content probably esaly fixed with DLC
76561198050456603,Not Recommended,225540,24506575,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Adorno,"It pains me that I can't recommend this game, and it's only because of two things: the game is poorly optimised and the developers don't seem to be working on it.Luckily I have a good rig (see below) and can play the game, but still with occasional lag.If you have good specs then feel free to try it because it's very enjoyable.I played the 2 previous games and this one is just as much fun.Specs:- Windows 10- Core i7 5820K 3.3 ghz- Geforce GTX 960- 16 GB RAM(Installed on HDD, not SSD)Had to turn down resolution to 1920x1080 with medium graphic settings."
76561198087189303,Recommended,225540,19930586,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,IAMKAWAII,THIS GAME IS AMAZING BUT YOU WILL NEED A GOOD COMPUTER TO RUN IT OR ELSE U WILL JUST PLAY WITH LAGNESS
,Recommended,225540,23026727,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Skuubedait,This game is pure destruction. you may have a bit of crashes here and there with mods but the game is pretty cool. the con of  this game is (that i found) -Gets stale after a while
,Recommended,225540,30260374,Posted: 1 March,all,Blackbirdrw™,AMAZING. LEZ BLOW SOMETHING UP!
,Recommended,225540,32522163,Posted: 17 June,all,TheSpyrexian,You blow cars and stuff up.Bad gun policies.Reminds me of Just Cause 23 wingsuits out of a really fast car.
,Recommended,225540,32829787,Posted: 26 June,all,Tomek Kłosok,Fun for so much hours
76561198311907646,Recommended,225540,32828558,Posted: 26 June,all,daddy dictator,ITS AMAZING
76561198154964744,Not Recommended,225540,30991650,Posted: 6 April,all,roboapplejack,"Welp. I finished the game, I can not complete all of the activeties. This has to be the most annoying game all of year I have played. The activities were bad. The ai system was stupid and diffecult. The mahcanic was horriblely bad. The overall game made me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. But I have to give it credit to the storyline and the grahpics. Exploring and doing the main mission plus the dlc was a bit fun. But overall I have to give this game a 3 out of 10. It was not fun and I couldn't just relax from the bs it kepted througing at me. It was too much to doge. I wish I could had complete finished the game. But just beating the excatly game itself. Was all enough to do. If you make a just cause 4 please play other games that has activities, they are supposed to be fun and a little easy to do. Not like get 50000 points with a two man boat or a machine gun frezny were all the buildings can not be destoryed by the machine gun. It makes it way too diffecult for someone to keep on trying."
76561197979058153,Recommended,225540,32342071,Posted: 11 June,all,Two_Minds,"A fun game, in its own way.Don't buy this for the base destruction, it gets repetative and old since there is nothing really new added as time goes on. Buy it for the mini-games such as the Gliding maps, and races. Those are fun.4/5."
,Recommended,225540,32349924,Posted: 11 June,all,bennzbennz,Lit
,Recommended,225540,32338282,Posted: 11 June,all,skogach,Best game of the great series!
76561198152218207,Not Recommended,225540,29147716,Posted: 9 January,all,HOKAGE dattebayo,Hi this game lag character no can fly normal one mission i played now is just too hard i shouldnt buy this game never trust me.
,Recommended,225540,19494106,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,THE OFFICAL Game Toe,dis game hard to run but if fun as frick if you can run it XD 0_0
76561198099691938,Not Recommended,225540,33622040,Posted: 17 July,all,我是手残,垃圾的网络连接，说垃圾都是侮辱垃圾了，玩游戏1分钟，连线两分钟
76561198273059539,Recommended,225540,29994297,Posted: 17 February,all,alexmich2004,epic game
,Recommended,225540,29778585,Posted: 8 February,all,jorivanham,"Really cool game, because almost everything in this huge world is destructible. Though, get it in the sales."
,Recommended,225540,26961629,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HerobrineofNotch,"10/10 Would drop scooter on tank again. -Donald Trump, 20DEEZ NUTS"
,Recommended,225540,30969880,Posted: 5 April,all,Voodoo Cursed Friendgineer,A great stress reliever. A bit short unless you want to pay for the DLC. Other than that all round great game. And the few glitches i encountered were not game breaking and quite funny.
76561198127274341,Not Recommended,225540,26463962,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Kainer,It Just Caused my computer to suffer terribly
76561198208414261,Recommended,225540,22461672,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,supreme gentleman,lelelellelell
76561198149511559,Recommended,225540,21874699,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Melon | Hellcase.com,Fun as ♥♥♥♥ until you do everything in it.  But in the meantime it will be awesome blowing things up!
,Recommended,225540,25848012,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,✪Gl0ck,"BOOM BOOM BOOM!!! Pros and Cons:Pros:-Blow everything up, trains, bridges, cars, bikes, pogo sticks etc.-Fly everywhere with a badass fricking grappling hook and wingsuit and parachute-Nice storyline-Hours of gameplayCons:Nothing..."
76561198083103571,Recommended,225540,27317396,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Doctor Beb,Boom
,Not Recommended,225540,27233446,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Binary Daoist,"I'm dumbfounded how crappy the ""tutorial"" is...  The makers of this game have no interest in telling you how to play it.  The game isn't intriguing enough for me to want to figure it out on my own."
76561198067933774,Recommended,225540,27718307,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JimmyIk,"Michael Bay, must be very proud of this game.Very fun game, sometimes I can't stop playing."
,Recommended,225540,29982650,Posted: 17 February,all,superpc132,this game is great
,Recommended,225540,28793823,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sumthin3789,"The game is good, lots of exploding and exploring."
76561198302471181,Recommended,225540,28809001,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SpyroKage,Hey everyone I really enjoy just cause 3 it's one of the beat action adventure games I've played in a long time I don't have the best hardware but I'd runs very well on my current system I recommend this to everyone no matter what the system it's story is short but it's gameplay dosent disappoint want to visit my YouTube channel please subscribe herehttps://m.youtube.com/channel/UCzGmdED1ES-O0i2a3AQQJ8w
,Recommended,225540,28854794,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,esiebert7625,very good and bigsimilar to gta but able to blow up anything anytimeand with a free rpg and grapling :D
,Not Recommended,225540,28737080,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,shoron.paul,Unplayable. Laggy. I want refunds.
76561197991138234,Not Recommended,225540,29641429,Posted: 1 February,all,Azaraith,"Don't waste your money if you're running Windows 10.  I cannot save my game and have tried every fix I've been able to find online with no success.  Tech support replied with a ""we received your email"" response, but has not replied with a fix - despite it having been several weeks.  Unless you think it's fun to either play through the entire game at once or leave it running constantly, the game isn't worth it."
,Recommended,225540,29101980,Posted: 7 January,all,Quinn,No
,Recommended,225540,27701794,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Stradevar,its good stuff
,Recommended,225540,28384373,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,SaintS_Zdrew,Nice Game:)
76561198135937491,Recommended,225540,28450756,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,I_Love_Bananas!,Love this game great graphic and great preformance
76561198006176171,Recommended,225540,27927310,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Energata,Better than Just Cause 2
76561198321125259,Recommended,225540,29395237,Posted: 21 January,all,Ant,"Can't recommend highly enough.Graphics - stunning even on lower settings  - but worth investing in new hardware for,Gameplay - As varied as any game - could be considered repetitive simply because of the massive scope, but with enough variety to keep it going.Controls - Adequate - I achieved 100% on a keyboard.Challenge - exactly what you're looking for - hard, but not unachievable.Nothing is perfect, but JC3 gets close."
,Recommended,225540,28361386,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Zyks!,"Horrible port, played the game for 12 minutes, was extremely dissapointed. DO NOT BUY.EDIT:I have changed my mind, the game is extremely fun, and free roam is great."
,Recommended,225540,27080740,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pr0fession,best just cause game they have released 10/10
76561198136181007,Recommended,225540,19685918,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,HappyTime123456,Friendly NPCs are stupid af and run straight in to explosions but other than that great game
76561198040467819,Recommended,225540,19687067,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,gutarjunky,amazing game 9.5 out of 10 for me the only thing wrong is the technical issues with frame drops i have a r9 390X and im only getting like 20 fps on med settings im hoping they fix that soon
76561198158489552,Recommended,225540,19687819,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Demigod,10/10 great game. dont listen to all the negative comments. Only AMD users struggle with this game. NVIDIA>AMD
76561198104769329,Recommended,225540,29095981,Posted: 7 January,all,QwertyCore,"I cant say if its good or not I mean I recommend it and the gameplay is great I just don't find it 100% Im not gonna get into details but thats my opinion. My one problem is the driving mechanics which are basically like trying to ride a, infact no theres nothing that's as hard to control as these driving controls."
,Recommended,225540,28772332,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Friday Pi3.14159 Day,"The game needs the most high end parts to run at max but if you do some minor tweeks it works great!Some people have issues with this game on good rigs but make sure you look at the ""recomended specs"" to see the real minimum specs you need to actualy play the game.If you get a solid 15 - 40 fps you can play this game just as well as the Xbox One and the normal PS4 to my knowlage."
,Recommended,225540,22209566,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Velostodon,"Fun game for destroying everything.Story ismuch better than JC2, but still doesn't make much sense.Graphics are beautiful.Physics are fun."
76561198211600747,Recommended,225540,31738956,Posted: 13 May,all,vigman1221,ITS FUN I WOULD PLAY FOR DAYS I WOULD RECOMEND THIS GAME AND THE DLC
,Recommended,225540,30001416,Posted: 17 February,all,Firestorm-308,Sweet sweet destruction...
,Recommended,225540,29999424,Posted: 17 February,all,sexy dolphin,Awesome
76561198128965607,Recommended,225540,30001881,Posted: 17 February,all,Autistic_Midget,If Michael Bay made a movie about a puerto rican James Bond  you'd have Just Cause 3
,Recommended,225540,20696615,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,weed,wooden soapbox car with no engine exploded10/10
76561198145738764,Recommended,225540,20697369,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Pierre Villechenoux,"JC3 Is the best PC game out there. There's so much to do and due to the huge map, It takes so long to complete, meaning it's impossible to get bored of"
76561198187002678,Recommended,225540,20698726,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Crazy Walrus,Dius gam is cul!!!!!
,Recommended,225540,21765947,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Spooky Osama,"Just Cause : shoot this, shoot thatJust Cause 2 : explode this explode thatJust Cause 3 : nuke this nuke thatJust Cause 3 DLC : computer explodes"
76561198205722724,Recommended,225540,21906279,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Juan Deag Man,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,225540,20360366,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,DrExK,Pros:- Awesome quest design and writing.- Many interesting locations to explore and secrets to find.Cons:- Long load time.- Shuttering all the time. Super buggy.
,Recommended,225540,27134220,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,robocub,"c=====e|                                                           H|   ____________                                        _,,_H__|  (__((__((___()                                      //|     || (__((__((___()()____________________________________// |ACME ||(__((__((___()()()-----------------------------------'  |_____|"
,Recommended,225540,24008142,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cam,KaBOOOOOM!
,Recommended,225540,25963371,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,IzzaNizza,Just Play 3.
,Recommended,225540,23026423,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,PTMuckian,Great funBut you do need 16GB of RAM really Because it just keeps taking more and more.
,Not Recommended,225540,29400591,Posted: 21 January,all,ReverendRyu,"TL:DR - an unworthy successor to a fantastic game.So, I had been long hyped up for this game, ever since I heard of it's beginnings in development. I've spent hundreds of hours in JC2 (until I eventually bought it on steam, and have since plugged some more time in, not as much as before, but hey, times change), and absolutely loved it to pieces. I loved the JC2MP experience as well, and had countless hours of fun in Panau. So when I heard I could have more of the same, but with a new engine, shinier graphics, and all the trappings of a modern game, I was unbelievably stoked. Who wouldnt be?Shame on me.Shame on me for not tempering my emotions. For this is not the game I imagined, in any way. The vertical slice of gameplay shown to the world during the hype-train, with it's accompanying soundtrack (thanks to Torre Florim) gave us a great look at Medici - but it's not what we got. That slice ran smoothly, like butter, and made all things seem possible in this limitless new world. The sad truth though, is that outside of those dev units the trailer was recorded on, this game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ On everything. It's one of the most poorly optimised games I've had the misfortune of spending 50+ hours in. It will crash, frequently. There are unresolved memory bugs abundant from minute one. The game lists itself as needing 8GB ram to run - it certainly needs 16GB, bare minimum. Graphics bugs abound, and will frustrate you into oblivion if you cannot ignore them (just, dont look at any trees from above, or any shadows when you're driving quickly).Then there's the many, many broken mechanics that litter this game from start to finish. I'll list some examples:- You can't just grapple to anything - the game choose a point to grapple to, and it's very difficult to move it to a different, nearby point that you would prefer. This can mean grappling onto people instead of objects, as the targeting treats them as a higher priority, or onto rooftops instead of vehicles, etc.- The grapple response rate, and parachute response, will lag from time to time, especially during firefights, with disastrous consequences.- The sheer number of times I've respawned a hundred feet above the ground, only to land right next to a soldier who instantly kills me, is ridiculous- Respawning back into the middle of the same firefight you died in- Snipers getting an instant lock and fire, which can at times instantly kill you. you stand no chance.- The escalation from 1- to 5-stars can happen literally in seconds. tanks will amass from literally nowhere, and will constantly spam tank fire until your ragdolling carcass is spent.- The launch for the bavarium jetpack rarely actually works when intended, normally leading to you taking much more damage than intended.- Upgrading the speed for the bavarium jetpack means that your evasions dont always work on missiles, as you're still ahead of the missle afetr the evasion. This can leading to multiple evasions, with you still getting hit.- Sam missles, if they hit you dead on while boosting with a bavarium jetpack, will, 9 times out of 10, kill you instantly.- Enemies can often take entire clips of ammunition to the face, but will kill you in less than a clip if you're in the open.- You die, so, so easily. There is no way to upgrade your health, gain any armour, or any thing like that, so you will die, constantly, to enemies who spawn behind every available corner or object. Seriously. we're talking 5-10 at a time, and they will just keep coming. So you die. and respawn and die and respawn and die - your average life expectancy at this point starts getting measured in seconds.- Enemy accuracy. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ a gunboat will pinpoint you from 500ft away, while you're flying a wingsuit. constantly. Ground-based autocannons will track you perfectly and always hit you, in your wingsuit. Snipers will lock on from anywhere. Minigunners will mow down npcs with perfect headshots, will the npcs dont fire back. Gunboats, miles out to sea, will land frame-tracking tank shots, leading the target that is you.- Bavarium wingsuit launches will always clip anything anywhere even remotely near to the launch site, damn near killing you. Not useful in firefights.- Jumping on to a plane with a rebel pilot in, at Vulture, so you can take the plane, will result in the plane boosting off at full speed straight into the wall.- Smart glass grenades cant figure out to still explode on a military jeep even if theres no-one in it.- Ragdolling thanks to an explosion means you might as well put down your controller. you will die from enemy fire by the time you get up.- Seriously, why can't i just point the grapple where I want!?! I know I mentioned it, but it's so annoying it's untrue.- The mission objectives dont always complete upon mission completion, leaving you frozen in space, where you were before the cutscene played.There's more, but I feel a blog rage coming on. So, closing thoughts. Is the DLC worth it? Well, all the stuff breaks the game and makes all the objectives ridiculously easy, they're terribly thin on plot and substance, have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animated cutscenes that we're probably farmed out to Deviantart, are badly worked and work badly. So, no. Will multiplayer save it? Hell no. It can barely run with one person playing it, let alone 10,000. I expect it to literally fall apart at the seams.Essentially, I spent over 50 hours, hoping it would get better. The voice acting is good, the music is good, and every couple of minutes, you experience what I guess you could call ""fun"". But with all the other frustrations rearing their hydran heads every few seconds, those few moments of precious joy are buried under a mountain of stress and rage.If the devs took the game, and breathed new life into it, with bugfixes and updates, patches and cutscenes for the damn DLC, then maybe it'd be worth the price. But they won't, and it's not. So save your money. Just download a few more mods for JC2, and start a new game. This piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥will still be here, stinking up the place, when you get back - and it'll be cheaper then.Edit - now, it's constantly disabling my 360 controller in favour of the keyboard and mouse when I'm in game. Has been doing it last 24 hours give or take, and have tried all my usual bugfixes and solutions. So, I'm done. time to uninstall I reckon. Completed the DLC missions, and 68% overall main game completion. All vehicles and weapons unlocked, except the tomb/antique parts, and the golden helicopter."
76561198025185951,Not Recommended,225540,28560490,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,wheels29,"I would absolutely love this game if it worked ever.  I've recently given up trying to even start it because it takes a minimum of 10 minutes to start up and often crashes my computer.  I have far above the recommended specs for the game and it just doesn't work.  I was able to play the game for about 3 weeks after I bought it, then they patched something and I haven't been able to play it since.  In its current state, DO NOT BUY THIS unless you have at least 16 gbs of ram, a 980 or higher, 3.0 ghz I7, etc.  If you have all of that, the game is great fun.  If you don't, you won't even be able to get it to start."
,Recommended,225540,24608985,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Brain Force Dietary Supplement,can be horrible and boring sometimes but overall pretty fun.
76561197992146488,Recommended,225540,32204325,Posted: 5 June,all,Tashak,"you shoot wall, it destruction. you shoot building, blow up, you shoot gas tanks. boom. IF you like michael bay, this game is for you"
,Recommended,225540,27006443,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Konoko,"Whatever problems this game has had, they've been fixed. Worth picking up."
,Recommended,225540,28102389,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Darkz01,EXPLOSION!!!!!EXPLOSION EVERYWHERE!!!!!maikel bei ♥♥♥♥ed in his pants playing this
,Not Recommended,225540,31953408,Posted: 25 May,all,Revlis Sepluv,"So here I was, looking at Stuff, decided to get this game at last.Once I grasped the grappling hook, I took my new tool for a swing an- okay i'll stop the pungeon right there.Zooming around and blowing stuff up in an expansive map sounds cool, but when the map is just low, uninteresting empty fields containing nothing to do with the odd village dotted here and there with limited vertical variation, the concept of going up and down everything making stuff boom seems a little tedious almost.The objectives felt very PS2 ""classic style"" - spread out and tedious to complete, instead of flowing natrually together felt like I was walking a well trodden path between each objective and tackling each individually every five minutes or so whilst I gave up with the at this point failing grappling hook and decided to walk...Imo, more verticle depth and map density would do this game wonders, yet to me it feels like they just listed some good selling points and decided to build those up instead of creating a game and then identifying the selling points. Note that concept is different to selling point :ISo yah overall a bit of a letdown if im completely honest... I mean the most fun I had was getting in a truck and slowly building up speed then ramming other vehic- oh damn hit a thin metal pole."
,Recommended,225540,20919504,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,BulletPreacher,Fun game and as expected has more than enough explosions to satisfy any Michael Bay enthusiasts palate. Only problem is that it requires a real beefy rig to run smoothly.
76561198152928713,Recommended,225540,24624508,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Metalmaster97,"This game is great. You can blow everything up, however I understand all the players who are lagging out there. Its not great but trust me most computers can handle this game, just check your drivers and stuff."
,Recommended,225540,23246952,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,¡SirePWNsAlotª,Accidentally flipped 180 degrees and carpet bombed..... Error 404
,Recommended,225540,19409099,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cyan,"Good game, mods will hopefully elevate it to amazing status. Lacks true multiplayer (modders please do the needful). Currently runs poorly, needs more optimization."
,Recommended,225540,19408949,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,G1 VapeKing.co.za,Excellent upgrade from Just Cause 2.. Soo much content.. Very much worth the money if you like to spend hours blowing stuff up!
,Recommended,225540,20168775,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,mino,"It's a lot of fun! The explosions are pretty and you can do some pretty stupid and crazy stuff. 42hrs at the time of this writing and I've still not liberated all of the regions, and probably wouldn't with another 12hrs of unfocused free-roaming. However, after that there are still a ton of challenges to complete that unlock gear mods, which slowly turn the game into more of a toybox. I think there's also a story but it's not terribly interesting. Unfortunately by the time I finish those, I fear there will not be much left to blow up and I'll have to either find a new game or start a new playthrough.Performance is not the best I've seen in a game, I'm able to keep it at 1080p60 on high settings (970 SSC and an i5 3470) most of the time with occasional dips into the 40's (not during explosions or anything, just random dips). The patches supplied by the devs have improved performance astronomically since launch.I recommend it but like I said I don't think this game will be much fun after I run out of stuff to destroy (or maybe I just don't have much of an imagination)"
76561198179111267,Recommended,225540,30019191,Posted: 18 February,all,BlueSkylander,amazing
76561198040788647,Not Recommended,225540,19446671,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,NielsScholten1,This game is one of the worst optimised games I've ever played. It's full of stuttering and heavy frame drops and the loading times are far to long.Please don't buy this game untill they fixed this game.
76561198038749148,Not Recommended,225540,19448989,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Coolkat27,"Why even release a game that won't ♥♥♥♥ing run. I have a 970 graphics card, 16 gigs of ram and my SSD which has 100 gigs of space left on it and the game gave me a not enough memory error. If I didnt spend so much time trying to mess with the settings then I would have refunded the game. DON'T RELEASE PRODUCTS THAT DON'T WORK."
,Not Recommended,225540,33440411,Posted: 10 July,all,GalacticHitchHiker,"Just Cause 3 is a poor follow up to the overall good 2nd game. The graphics don't seem to have noticeably improved since the previous installment and the overly hand-holding tutorial missions slow the opening of the game to a glacial pace. The gameplay appears mostly identical to Just Cause 2, complete with sluggish driving controls and imprecise aiming in combat. Between the lack of improvement over the previous game and frequent crashing, I would not recommend this game to anyone. Just play 2 again."
,Recommended,225540,23126931,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,maxberfin,BEST GAME EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Map:10/11Gameplay:10/11Graphic:10/11Rico Rodriguez:10/∞
76561198043921186,Recommended,225540,23152277,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ODINTHEGRATE|skinhub.com,it wont work and it ses ive played for 5 hours it will go black and wont respond can you plz fix it
76561198055054905,Not Recommended,225540,24085538,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ledusskapis,"Literally unplayable due to terrible frame drops (drops to 1-5 FPS, or freezes for 1-2 seconds during combat, explosions, or any gameplay except standing still). Gets much worse as you progress through the game- Do not buy unless you work for NASA, or own one of their supercomputers."
76561198156967199,Not Recommended,225540,24601686,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Corn csgobounty.com,Very fun for the first 6 days. also don't get this game if you don't have NASA's super computer.
,Recommended,225540,25088276,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Billy Ray,"Just finished the story mode, and 100% liberated, so much fun blowing stuff up."
,Recommended,225540,25138379,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Apple Dash,"Just Cause 3 feels more like an iteration on Just Cause 2. More toys, bigger open world, event more types of vehicles are made obsolete. If you liked JC2 and ""just more toys"" is enough for you to justify a purchase -- go for it, you probably won't be disappointed. Probably.The story, as always, serves as a nice bonus on top of the usual destruction sandbox. It's a light, not intrusive, but quite simplistic and repetative set of missions. It's OK. Not that bad, but nothing special either. And final boss is a helicopter. Helicopter. That's a... really appropriate ending, i guess? Just destroy yet another helicopter. Oh well.It also sounds and looks great. Soundtrack is way cooler than I expected.But the main treat is a sandbox, and that's where JC3 lacks compared to JC2. Bases and towns are more interesting, but there are way less of them. Like, the handful of really intersting and big military bases, and only one small city. Installing DLCs helps a bit, but still, that's not enough. And the final island feels empty. Also, there are no big civilian airport, so there is no Boeings. That was a bit disappointing for me. And islands don't have a certain themes anymore. In JC2 there were a very distinct ""the desert bit"", ""snowy bit"", ""more populated city bit"" and ""the foresty bit"". That added some lovely diversity to environment. And even your vehicles got snowy in snowy areas and dusty in the deserty areas, that was a cute touch. But now ""the foresty bit"" is preety much all there is. Yes, you still can find some snow and some desert, but there isn't enough of those, and they look a bit dull.And don't get we wrong, destroying bases are really fun, and that's where this game shines. There is just not enough of them.And a wingsuit. It's the most fun I ever had freeroaming is an open world game. You can buy the game just for that. And you can get one with rocket, if you buy Sky DLC (which is, to be honest is a must-buy).So, in conclusion. It's a perfect game, for those of you, who really enjoys sandboxes with a lot of toys in them and a fans of JC2, but a cautious recommendation for everyone else."
76561198198658203,Recommended,225540,25138936,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,AlvinAndTheEquipmunks,"Great mechanics, big map, and nice graphics"
,Recommended,225540,25115115,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,jnnnnn,"Jason Bourne plus James Bond plus every Arnold Schwarzenegger movie ever made + stupid amounts of action = the first ten minutes of this game. And that's just the beginning.Every time you get used to a mechanic, they somehow find a way to make it even more ridculous and fun. Why? JUST CAUSE.This is a fantastic game. Buy it.The environment is gorgeous and much more believable than previous games in this series. I found myself getting emotionally involved with many of the characters.It's also got lots of funny moments.This is my new favorite game. Don't put it off any longer. GET INIt does crash consistently after about three hours, I have 16GB RAM. 90~120fps on a 1080 with max settings. After a couple of hours you start to notice missing geometry and other glitches. I hope they fix it."
76561198118198504,Not Recommended,225540,24825751,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Kage,"If you are questioning on whether your computer will run thIs game, it wont"
,Not Recommended,225540,30390831,Posted: 8 March,all,[RAW] Miami_BaT,"I really wanted to love this game, being a Just Cause 2 fan as well as the multiplayer added for JC2, now JC3 comes along with the WORST controls EVER... Not worth my time right at the moment even with the JC3 multiplayer already released, can't enjoy it, why? WORST CONTROLS ever! IF there ever is a MOD that fixes the control system to this game then I would recommend, but they don't so if you want a headache and hours of trying to figure out/Fix controls get the game, because even some controls overlap each other, when you try to change the control, it resets back to default even when changed.See those 3 hours on record, yea that's me trying to get my controls right! I love using my controls I use on all my games, not being forced to use their crappy defaults keys.You'll get more time in-game trying to figure out controls then actual gameplay itself. Luckily I bought this on a steam sale so I don't feel so bad about throwing it in the dust pile. Be glad to revisit as soon as there is a controls mod, or someone points to me a controls mod I might have missed.I can tell you the graphics are beautiful!Sadly I can't tell you jack about gameplay! ♥♥♥♥♥♥controls)Story looked plain and obvious but still it was not really the reason why I boughtit, I was hoping to destroy all in my way, muhahaha!!!!Anywho, better controls mod or implementation of a better control system then I'll be back!"
76561198184870858,Recommended,225540,32853350,Posted: 27 June,all,HDPD,"so,the game is really cool and all that but......really bad pc port8/10get it.really"
76561198219136995,Recommended,225540,32862504,Posted: 27 June,all,General Krell,"I've never had more fun with a game than Just Cause 3.The Bayhem of explosions is awesome and impressive. It's no wonder why the game is 50GB or that there are many technical issues. Producing multiple large explosions with debris and post processing gleams in a game engine is not easy. As such, this game is fun, but in no way realistic. Rico is practically invincible and it is considered ""awesome crazy"" to fall with a collapsing bridge.Pros:-Bridge physics-Fun gameplay-Beautiful environment and graphics, even on lowest settings.-No crashes (for me, running Windows 10 with 8GB RAM)-Cars are easier to control than people make it sound.Neutral:-Audio tends to studder. This can be fixed by disabling audio enhancements under Sound Devices.-Characters are obviously bad, but story is fine and some characters are hilarious. Like the dictator and the propaganda guy.Cons:-EXTREME LAG. It is manageable on lowest graphics settings but it does kill RAM.Would recommend to friend that has at least 8GB of RAM and advanced Nvidia Graphics card. And only buy it for under $20. $50 or $60 is not even close to being worth it. At most, it's Goat Simulator on steroids."
,Recommended,225540,29995255,Posted: 17 February,all,gman,awesome
,Recommended,225540,21588842,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Barbossa,Michael Bay would be a proud father.Boom/10
76561198138452182,Not Recommended,225540,29289947,Posted: 15 January,all,Skoffin,"Been waiting for a year to get this game, it is a 60GB download on a metered connection and I booted it up the first time, played for 30 seconds once I made it into the game and it crashed. I have a brand new 1070GTX, 16GB DDR4, 5th Gen i7, I can run GTA 5 at max for hours and my systems doesn't break a sweat, not at half on anything even though I will be running 7 other programs on 4 monitors and this game crashed constantly. My card was not over clocked but I turned it down to 97% and it finally got the game to run after several attempts. I was able to play for about 25 minutes like a normal game and then it started to run at about 15 frames/sec. One monitor I have several programs open for monitoring my system due to issues with this game, my graphics card was at 97% speed, 50 degrees Celsius and only about 20% VRAM usage. RAM was around 50%, the game taking 35%, CPU was at 40%, game using 25-30% and all my temps were 50 or below. I lowered all the settings in the game to medium or less, turned everything off and it didn't improve. It's not my system it's the ****ing game. Several people have had this issue and the only fix I could find was to turn the graphics speed down and that seems temporary only. So upset I wasted my money on this and didn't get far cry instead."
,Not Recommended,225540,29262103,Posted: 14 January,all,Frisky Ginger,"Do you like games that don't cooperate with the most recent, recommended GPU drivers?What about games where the enemy you just destroyed magically respawns right behind you?How about clunky, inconsistent controls?Who likes vague objectives and disappearing targets?How about a ""missile warning"" that only serves to inform you that you've already been hit by a missile?Well then I've got news for you! This well conceived, but horribly executed game is for you!"
76561198278831767,Recommended,225540,32305136,Posted: 9 June,all,twbillionare,This is an amazing game the explosions are top notch and it is well formatted but I play on a bad computer so it says there might be a gpu loop for graphics somewhere but besides that it is amazing
,Not Recommended,225540,32890428,Posted: 27 June,all,Abel_II,"No Invert Y axis?  Controls are clunky. Starting the game makes you wait till it logs you in, for what?"
,Not Recommended,225540,32903465,Posted: 27 June,all,Rick Pierce,"You've got to be ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me. I put in over a 1000 hours in Just Cause 2 on xbox 360. I figured I'd give this game a shot because the Just Cause franchise is a perfect blend of cheesy B-movie acting and insane Michael Bay action with plenty of needless violence, explosions and hilarious physics. The probelm is I'll never know if I can experience that with JC3 because as countless other reviews have stated this is a broken♥♥♥♥♥port. The game came out in 2015 ffs. In 2017 it still cannot run with a stable framerate on low settings on a GTX 970...Ok Avalanche. apparently its like winning a scratch-off ticket as to whether you'll have the right specs that play nice with this game.-Game launched in windowed mode at 1280x720-First Loading screen with Main Menu froze for a good 30 secs-After unfreezing it switched to full-screen and fps tanked-Froze again so I opened task manager and it was using 6gb out of my 8gb of RAM-Tried to play through the first mission at lowest settings fps between 25 - 60 but never stable-Closed game, uninstalled, refund request0/10 NOT EVEN WORTH IT AT THE SALE PRICE UNLESS YOU GOT LUCKY OR HAVE A MONSTER COMPUTER."
76561198190161938,Recommended,225540,32889234,Posted: 27 June,all,OFFICIAL SQUIDW33D™,ghjkl;
,Not Recommended,225540,30117361,Posted: 23 February,all,highbinder,"Repetitive, borderline racist, buggy as hell, and shoddy controls.unfortunately i hurt my back so i have nothing else to do.  Just Cause 3 is my ideal type of game - running around and blowing up stuff.  however, the controls are horrible (cars drive like 1923 Ford Model Ts, or ricocheting cars from Tron), the enemy ai is non-existent, and the levelup system consist of doing ridiculous and impossible tasks .Seriously, you can play the entire game and not level up unless you do the ridiculous racing side missions or the impossible to control wingsuit challenges.  Whoever designed the controls for the wingsuit must have thought every button or flick of the controller meant ""fall to the ground"".  Great job, Avalanche studios.Games like these actually make me want to track down the persons responsible and smash their hands so they can't make any more frustratingly difficult games."
76561198058741111,Not Recommended,225540,27487384,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pavlovs Dawg,I've seen people in with polio run better than this game
,Not Recommended,225540,28174439,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,AlmightyNope,"One of the missions in Act 3 is literally unplayable. Fix the damn lock-on devs.EDIT: I have to disable focussed aiming to get homing missile lock-on to work. Seriously though, this game crashes like a lead zeppelin, the missions are repetitive bs and the story is crap."
,Recommended,225540,20162433,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,A_Hurricane,"To be honest, this is slowly turning into my favorite game. It has a huge amount of easter eggs, the gameplay is perfect, and the only reason this game has bad reviews is because some people can't run it. Overall, this game should be raising the bar for open world games, or any game at all.Also, if anyone complains about the story, IT'S A JUST CAUSE GAME, NOT FALLOUT."
,Recommended,225540,20131241,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Aweminus,"Love it, 5/7"
76561198069716049,Recommended,225540,20135203,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jack Oneill SG1,You can do almost everything you would want to do.
,Not Recommended,225540,20135062,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Phinks,crap
,Recommended,225540,29971699,Posted: 16 February,all,SUPA Goose,Pretty good game There is now a multiplayer mod ITS  f****** awesome!!!consNone here
76561198162026936,Recommended,225540,23322048,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,redfoxgaming,wont ♥♥♥♥ing work
,Recommended,225540,20166329,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,shaq,Great game. Didn't work at first but I got a better computer.Also MP is live so that's pretty good.https://just-cause.mp
,Recommended,225540,28348389,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Jellepepe ツ,"For anyone who liked JC2, this is one of the greatest options, if you don't know, buy JC2 (it's like 3€/$ anyway) play through that (which i recommend) then go to this game and enjoy!All the 'story' dlc's are actually worth it too, some of the most fun mission :)i wouldnt recommend getting the weapon/vehicle packs though, they're not the best items in the game, so it is ultimately just a waste of money"
76561198011118610,Recommended,225540,27184156,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,craftz,"Fast game, new fun mechanics, full of action neither more nor less completely balanced . About performance issues I can play on 4K res with a 3 year old PC and at same settings I get close fps to JC2 ofc graphics still much much better."
,Recommended,225540,30990517,Posted: 6 April,all,Space,If you like exploding things for basically no reason this is the game for you
,Not Recommended,225540,29995781,Posted: 17 February,all,Dieno1001,"This poorly optimised, online required title is not worth your money."
76561198371396161,Not Recommended,225540,30745992,Posted: 26 March,all,MASTER 20 GAME,not happy with the fact it glitchs and has a low memory sing come up i wish i never bought it
76561197965285141,Not Recommended,225540,19642349,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Frizzank,I bought this game without looking at the forums and the large number of problems the game is having. I should have waited for the next patch to come out or at least until it went on sale.It is a fun game but it has tons of bugs and crashes at least once an hour. I am way above the min specs and not using AMD hardware.In short wait for a sale or major fixes to happen
76561198303439999,Not Recommended,225540,29343631,Posted: 18 January,all,MEGA REAPER85,nope didn't work when i turned it on
,Recommended,225540,27671530,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,seman15000(CZ),Michael Bay approves
76561198079625264,Not Recommended,225540,28086986,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CharlesGuda,"its ok. if you think its going to be like saints row the third, its not, just get saints row. not much to this game."
,Recommended,225540,27315046,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lazaretto,storyline - 1/10realism - 0.1/10physics - 10/10 (tank barrels even collide with♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ one liners - 007/10action - 250/10Basically everything u ever wanted from every action movie created. great job
,Recommended,225540,27550162,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fidget Spinner Coach,Good but u need 16gb ram no point play on 8gb
76561197965032027,Not Recommended,225540,28275607,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Baz,"JC2 was one of the funnest games to just mess around in, and I enjoyed it immensely. I was expecting the same from this, but it just isn't so. As far as I can tell, the only things to destroy are within an ""area's"" zone of control so it really feels like busy work trying to complete the objects with no real payoff.On the upside, having multiple and retractable grappling hooks is the freaking bomb. I like to see how far I can catapult civilians through the air."
76561198055690813,Not Recommended,225540,28572444,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,stefbuik,Idiotic long loading times and a starting mission that's almost unbeatable if you haven't completely mastered the controls. Typical console crapola.There's a turn-off for me immediately. I am going to ask my money back. What a waste.
76561198028397254,Not Recommended,225540,28396238,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Fatblackjoe,"I have a slight problem with the FPS issues... I have a very high end PC and still get fps drops at times. They kind of screwed me on a sale as well. The game was on sale for mid week madness, now the following weekend, the game is on sale WITH DLC being on sale. So I either have to pay full price for DLC, or re buy the entire game. Pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ buisiness IMO. Other than that the game is really really boring. You can blow stuff up, and it looks good, but that seems to be everything. The characters are shallow, the bad guy is shallow, even the main character feels like a cardboard cut out. I would not reccomend this game. Just buy JC2 for your blow stuff up simulator 2016."
76561198097675280,Not Recommended,225540,30018306,Posted: 18 February,all,TFA,"The game keeps on deleting my save every time i go out of the game.The loading distance is the worst.This has nothing to do with my computer, its rocking a GTX Titan X and an core i7 processor so i dont know whats wrong."
,Not Recommended,225540,28132765,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,1023bet,"Huge dissappointment. Waited over a year to try this game and if you are wondering, YES IT IS STILL BROKEN IN A SIGNIFICANT WAY!!! First hour and a half were spent on my Fury X & 4690k, dropped frames, stutter, and freezing. Loaded the game back up again with my GTX 1070 to see if it would be anyt better (30 minute hassle...just to get a game working) and guess what! THIS GAME SUCKS HARDER ON NVIDIA CARDS THAN AMD ONES!!! Instant CTD along with all my progress being gone. F*ck you Denuvo, F*ck you Square Enix, and F*ck you Nvidia for the absolutely sh*ttastic game. I'm personally boycotting Square Enix now like I do Ubisoft. Yes, this POS game is as bad as watch dogs or those awful clones of Assasins Creed. Do not buy, not now, not ever. It will never be getting better folks."
,Not Recommended,225540,30111566,Posted: 22 February,all,SpongeBooob Pull Out!!!!,i wouldent bhave baugt thsi game if there wasent a multiplayer mod tbh
76561198224864232,Recommended,225540,28353480,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,gta5tony,"nearly 30 hours story time is interesting and exciting, I think it work its price.However, the challenge mission is so difficult and so many things need to to collected make game bored, especially after finish all main story missions."
76561198086307598,Not Recommended,225540,28059284,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Browniel,"When preview snippets of this game came out I was super excited.  Then I played it.  They did make a few improvements from JC2 but overall after being spoiled rotten by GTA V, I can't enjoy anything about this game.  The driving physics are the worst of any game with driving except maybe really old COD games which are why they stopped putting in vehicles!  Please JC franchisers, you got skydiving and parachuting down, though GTA V's parachuting and sky diving is now already superior.. please please improve driving and the quality of the stories narrative.. it's really dated!  Though if your a parent looking for a PG version of GTA V, this might do the trick."
,Recommended,225540,28843319,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,daughtermurder™,"Great fun at a great sale price (~$21 for the game and DLC bundle).I have a high end computer so I have not experienced the performance issues some people write about in the reviews here, beyond some screen tearing.Let's just say that if you enjoyed GTA V but wish there were some crazier ways to get around, and happened to enjoy the Far Cry 3 style of liberating outposts, you will have a good time with Just Cause 3. The mobility options are all things I sought to add to GTA V via mods, so it is awesome to have them in the base game. Though as someone used to GTA V and Forza Horizon 3 driving mechanics atm, the handling of cars in this game feels out of whack.Just moving around the open world feels like a joy (I feel like I'm avoiding cars just like I did in Saints Row 4 because of all the other mobility options). I've hardly done any of the story thus far, I've just been doing challenges, liberating towns, and messing around. This is a sandbox game done right."
76561197993517542,Not Recommended,225540,30021547,Posted: 18 February,all,Ultra Superior,"A great disappointment.Where JC2 was fluid, fun and boundless - JC3 is limited, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and forcing its stupid new rules and tedious ""challenges"" on you.The greatest mistake Avalanche did was stealing design cues from Ubisoft.  What a shame."
,Not Recommended,225540,29996885,Posted: 17 February,all,Enomonopio,"Horribly unoptimized, even the beastiest systems are having trouble running this smoothly on anything higher than medium."
,Recommended,225540,29020077,Posted: 4 January,all,Barbour,Just as destructible as ever. Lets be honest everyone wants to hear that. Great follow on story with good new mechanics which allows you access to better equipment faster.
,Not Recommended,225540,29598073,Posted: 30 January,all,itamar SSGSS kaioken X 10,Please make the game run betterI love this game but i can't play it.the game run slowly and I can't play with it...
76561198352373929,Recommended,225540,29628853,Posted: 1 February,all,JOKERtheKING,This game is very good :v
,Not Recommended,225540,29029143,Posted: 5 January,all,goofy,after doing the first mission the game is very boring. all I really do is fly helicopters or jets ad destroy bases. I tried refunding  this game due to it's lack of activities but did not go through due to my 8 hours of this game. I highly reccomend if you have  this game and you're still at 5 hours then refund now! It is also very laggy and crushes often after an hour of playing. I have a gtx 1060 on medium settings and still getting 40 fps.
76561198267583850,Recommended,225540,27297686,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,spacedogg,very good game
,Not Recommended,225540,28850863,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ProcessoRMX,Boring story and repetitive gameplayThe grappling and deploying parachute in-air thing is a HUGE minusI actually need medication for the dizziness from this
,Recommended,225540,29031522,Posted: 5 January,all,LMNTRIX,"amazing game, thanks for everything."
,Recommended,225540,29025247,Posted: 4 January,all,twosoxxx,"So far its entertaining.  If you want realistic, this isnt the game youre looking for.  If you want to shoot the crap out of stuff and do things that are pretty impossible but at the same time fun, then you should try this one out.  Ive never had any fps drop, but im also not playing on a dinosaur pc or a laptop so maybe thats why?  This games kinda like... idk some other game that its similar to.."
,Recommended,225540,29025760,Posted: 4 January,all,CpyCreeper,Play it before you can't play anything else
,Not Recommended,225540,23237576,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,nfredi628,"Short Review: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The game can not run on PC, I plan on seeking a full refund from the developer.System Specs: Windows 10, Intel i7 4770k Haswell, GTX 770 (2GB), 8GB RAMFull Review:This game has easily been my most regretted purchase in recent memory. I was very excited for this game to come out, I loved Just Cause 2 and even own on my PC and 360. Even after the game came out I have heard a lot of great things about it from people playing on consoles. This does not translate to PC.From day 1 this game has been completely unplayable. I have spent hours looking through posts all around the internet to try to find any way to make this game run on my computer, but none have worked. I feel as though I have been more than patient, waiting a full 6 months before finally decided to uninstall the game and write this review. The game has more problems than I could begin to list here but it boils down to the fact that this because completely unplayable within 2-5 minutes of playing due to stuttering and freezing. My experience with this game has been absolutely terrible and the lack of any sort of fix in 6 months has made me certain that I will never purchase a game from this developer again. I can't believe that the game was released in this state and I'm blown away that in 6 months nothing has changed. In fact, from what I've read a recent patch caused even more people to have issues. I think my next course of action is to contact the developer and demand a full refund since I never received a funcitonal product."
76561198061638503,Recommended,225540,24338283,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,taichigoku,"i just got it, works perfect for me! loving the game play such a good game. :)"
,Not Recommended,225540,28521325,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kratos,My problem with this game is the controls for driving sucks. Even with a Xbox 1 controller it is still very difficult to drive the cars in this game. Personally I think just cause 2 was better with this.
76561198171163745,Not Recommended,225540,22093011,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Only Nerds,"just bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ i have a half decent pc and i need over $250 in upgrades just to meet recomended specs, and i just got it and it will not play, i keep crashing and it it just♥♥♥♥♥♥that i spent like $50 and it doesnt work :(not impressed"
76561198205215979,Not Recommended,225540,25816586,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Saffer,"I've only played about 12 hours, but the game is getting tedious.  As a long time fan of the Just Cause series I'm a bit disappointed with this one.  It's actually a lot better than the other titles...it's just the same recycled formula.If you've played the previous titles and you're expecting something new, don't bother.  If you're looking for something to just pass the time with, I'd recommend it.With that said, I'm edgeing towards giving this a thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,225540,21340801,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,MyKKii,You can't do like anything its just world where you can destroy almost everything but no missions
,Recommended,225540,25116398,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Digglers77,I dont now why everybody hates this game its my favrite game right now and im getting 60 fps all the the time with the settings maxed on a gtx 960 but wahtever
,Recommended,225540,25095785,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Zeuch,"The nature is awesome, the gameplay is awesome, the story is totally ok.I would recommend this to anyone that like previously just cause. Or to those who just want to see stuff burn."
76561198070075906,Recommended,225540,20275109,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Scalpotron5000,"i5 3570k / gtx570ti / 16GB RamRuns fine and is really fun to play! I just strat up to game to blow some stuff up, rarely do missions."
,Not Recommended,225540,20276249,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Voltar,"So♥♥♥♥♥♥>Got in the game>Loading Screen>CrashesI have all the latest drivers, and my computer is optimized to run this.Refuned."
76561198086533124,Recommended,225540,20337999,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,SWOLE DEDEDE,I've compiled a list of sound files below that showcase some of the brillience that is Just Cause 3:Fwip. Shoowsh. Fa-twang. Screeeeeeech. Bop. Spla-dunk. AAAAAAAAAAAAAH. boom.This also happens to be the order of which you will often hear these in the game.
76561198092264475,Recommended,225540,20998441,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Stud,Michael Bay Simulator 201610/10 would play again
,Recommended,225540,22555905,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Zathandrapus,giraffe
76561198185733511,Not Recommended,225540,22385551,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,jwmatz88,i gave it a no only because ic ould find out why when the game started at the first part there were black lines on my screen going up and down i was looking forward to it to
,Recommended,225540,22842173,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BlackadderV,"I am at a loss as to what to say about Just Cause 3.  On the one hand I can't help but feel like it's somehow a lesser experience to Just Cause 2 despite the wingsuit and improvements to the hud and rebel drops.  On the other hand I can now drown out my criticism with the screams of six people tied to a fighter jet...If you're looking for some lighthearted fun with lots of pretty explosions and lots of creative and sadistic tether opportunities in a pretty empty but good looking open world, this will probably do nicely.  Just don't expect anything more."
,Recommended,225540,30082383,Posted: 21 February,all,Dick Butt,"7 hrs into the game, faceplanting everything in sight, installed mods, faceplanting a fuel tank while firing missiles.5/7 would faceplant again"
76561198046983217,Not Recommended,225540,29376186,Posted: 20 January,all,Mihai 90,The game keeps crashing after a few minutes into gameplay. Don't buy
76561198004195434,Not Recommended,225540,30152256,Posted: 24 February,all,evgeney2,I am a fan of just casue but this game is garbage. Just Cause is still better than this.
76561198123341108,Recommended,225540,25166717,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,GGG |ThatGibbingAlienHomind,this is a good game but in a mission you need to defend an plane in an jet with out working homing missles and an has an the worst jet engin possibel but this is the most irritiring part jet's with homing missels and doubel your speed just fly strayt at the palne thas like 1.60 km away and that plane fly's your speed and the just 2 shot it sometimes 3 shot i. and you can't selcet good cotrols like the controls in warthunder but that mission is stupid and it was the first time i flew a jet whout crashing it plz make that mission easer because it's so hard and why can't i steal one of there jet's because that woud be a lot easer maby i'm just raging because i tryde this mission for an hour or i'm just an noob
76561198280362686,Recommended,225540,30210423,Posted: 26 February,all,face,good game
76561197987506377,Recommended,225540,21280230,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,CovertSoldier_1,This game is cool and i recomend it for the people who like to create huge explosions.
,Recommended,225540,30205791,Posted: 26 February,all,𝓬０𝗯𝒶𝚕𝕥¹,you get to blow up communists. its fun.
,Recommended,225540,28960582,Posted: 2 January,all,Stupid Horse,"This game is amazing, i have only lagged ONCE, i admit my specs are twice the reccomended, but still, buy this game... BUY IT"
76561198157622839,Recommended,225540,28904942,Posted: 1 January,all,Skt Faker,缺点：1.这个游戏的驾驶真的是无语了。2.进去的时候没有啥提示，也没指示怎么操作，对于刚玩正当防卫系列的很不友好。3.掉帧严重，这是游戏最难受的地方优点：爆炸效果是我见过最好的游戏。40块钱入手的，希望越做越好吧。
,Not Recommended,225540,28947464,Posted: 2 January,all,♣MyAnton♣,Very buggy even after 1 year they cant fix the game
76561198136240723,Recommended,225540,28182582,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Don hebloi,da
76561198088275103,Not Recommended,225540,28221987,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,pig faggot,Luckly I bought this game during a sale for £10 because even on my high-end computer the fps is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. If anyone has a fix that doesn't involve downloading windows 10 or getting a £1000 graphics card tell me thanks. Don't buy
76561198026498001,Not Recommended,225540,28227265,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ForcedSlave,"What a let down compared to Just Cause 2.Glad I bought this on sale, but it was still not worth it. Very clunky controls and the game is unstable. Playing this on a new machine Intel 6700, Nvidia 1060, 32GB ram and it crashes left and right. The game has that unfinished feel that Destiny had when it came out. Really wanting to finish the game before deleting it, but it crashes so often it is a job to play the game. I have to force myself.Do not buy this game. If you already have it, do not waste money on the DLC. It will just be putting lipstick on a pig."
,Not Recommended,225540,28395976,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kaiser Wilhelm,When you build a great game but you've only made it so that people with godlike computures can handle it
,Not Recommended,225540,29312535,Posted: 17 January,all,A Blade Of Grass,"Very repetitive and a meh story line. Also, buy this game if you love dying over and over again because the game glitches out. Buy this game if you enjoy it crashing after hours of play causing you to bite your nails to the bone hoping that all of your data was saved. Buy this game if you want it to do what ever it wants and barely ever listens to your button presses when you tell it to do something, for instance grappling to a parachute and quickly opening your wing suit, etc. Might not seem so bad but after playing for hours and dealing with it, it gets VERY annoying. Honestly the game isn't that bad if it weren't for all of the bugs and glitches. But you know how game devs are. They released the game, they got your money, tough luck for you the player."
76561198067371327,Recommended,225540,28575791,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,YOUNG GREEZY,"Have you ever felt the urge to blow something up? If you haven't you probably are non-existant (sorry). First off you can rob  people's cars proceed to crash those cars into other cars causing several explosions. As well you can plant some mines on top of people's cars hop off and detonate. You can fly helicopters into mountains, you can cause shipwrecks, and you can tie people to cars and watch them be dragged along the street. Did I forget to mention you can explode entire military facilities?Oh and you can also play the story"
76561198039071864,Not Recommended,225540,29728888,Posted: 5 February,all,•҉ Ason,The laggiest turd of a game you'll ever play. Im running an i5-4460 @3.2 ghz and a GTX 960. I've got settings all on low and everytime something explodes the game stutters. And things explode all the time in this game. The game stutters horribly even when I'm wingsuiting across the map. Arkham Knight runs better. Thats saying something.
76561198009258183,Recommended,225540,28719934,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Xal,"Very fun, open world, and shoot to destroy. What's stealth?"
,Not Recommended,225540,28769882,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TachankaIsAGod,it wont let me refund it and it jump my house 2 3 ive only played 98 mins
,Recommended,225540,28620218,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[玉] EGGNogg™,▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░ ░░░░▀█▄▀▄▀██████░▀█▄▀▄▀████▀░░░░ ░░░░░░░▀█▄█▄███▀░░░▀██▄█▄█GREAT GAME
,Recommended,225540,29025894,Posted: 4 January,all,Kimera,"Drops to 10 fps for 20 seconds every 15 minutes or so. Other than that, great succesor to the previous Just Cause."
76561198040891369,Not Recommended,225540,28861747,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,barigoclari,"The open world is beautiful and the gameplay is mostly great with some well thought out elements. I'm sure I'll keep playing this game for months to come. But I don't think a computer running a 290X and 16GB RAM should have to lower the graphics settings down to low just to get rid of frame drops and stutters in some areas, this is freaking ridiculous."
76561198063922098,Recommended,225540,28911533,Posted: 1 January,all,Blood Eye,"Very fun game, if you want destruction, and a large world, enjoy. The bad side is that the physics isn't too real and the enemies are repetitive."
76561198215571340,Not Recommended,225540,28394992,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ryke,"well i got the game and it says running but nothing pops up so the game is unplayable, it may be something with my pc but ive seen a few people having the same problem"
,Recommended,225540,28701763,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Combo (GOBLIN),Did somebody say explosions?
,Recommended,225540,26891204,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DeltaChrome,"This game has explosions, rockets, airships and ridable cows. Enough said."
,Not Recommended,225540,28359961,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Itz DARWIN,I thought I would give the game a try even after reading the reviews and I returned it for a refund within an hour. It is extremly buggy and not worth $20 at all. I have a mid high end pc and still experienced frame dips even at the lowest settings.
76561198050577792,Recommended,225540,19968553,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,\/IЯUS,the game could be great IF THERE WASNT THIS ********** ONLINE LOGIN WHY DOES A SINGLEPLAYER GAME NEED TO LOGIN AND ALL 5 FRIGGIN MINUTES YOU HAVE TO WAIT THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥TO RELOGIN
,Recommended,225540,20168185,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SUSHI,"SO AMAZING. While I have not even played this game because my computer is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥I have seen so much of it on Youtube I have to ask, HOW ARE TE REVIEWS MIXED AND NOT ABSOULTLEY THROUGH THE F***ING ROOF BREAKING WORLD F***ING RECORDS????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????"
,Recommended,225540,20170592,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ANZA | Melon Dude,I will explain in One word: BOOM
76561198073583948,Recommended,225540,20185221,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,GTR3Legend,"Well to start off with i must say that this is a intresting game as to me atleast as a massive fan of the series this doesn't feel like a just cause game as i would say it's more far cry 3's and mecenaries 2 lovechildPros:It looks gorgeousIt runs well on my r9 390 at ultra settings 1080p  60+ FPSTaking over bases for the first 20 or so hours...I'm in the minority here but quiet alot of th missions are funFinally...This game is fun with a big F followed by a big U then a big NCons:The story is as expected weak to say the bestEventually liberating towns, outposts, bases ad so on get's boringGuns are generally unintrestingHaving to unlock precise aimFast travel being a limited resourceThe terrible DRM and always onlineNot many combat options untill you unlock grapple modsTerrible performence on some AMD systemsVerdict:This game is fun and that's why i reccomend it however it is not IMO a proper sequel to 2010's just cause 2 which i still think is more fun although multi-player is coming hopefully some time in january for pc."
76561198029274297,Recommended,225540,20778996,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,technoxan01,"I love this game, runs fine, only two crashes or so in total. it has just enough JC2 + new stuff to make a GREAT game!! :)Although 60 bucks is a lot. I think it is worth it, especially if you liked JC2Oh and the wingsuit alone is worth it. :P"
,Recommended,225540,20695935,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Forzane,awesome game...love it...no performance problem or anything...thanks guys and i wish the people that are complaining could be grownup and constructive with their complaints instead of whining like babies over a luxury item
,Not Recommended,225540,20504635,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Sm0kill,Would rather buy WinRar
,Recommended,225540,20524847,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,RapidDave,So much fun. If you enjoy covering civilians in jet boosters and sending them to space whilst prenteding to be a member of the RSA (russian space agency) then this game is for you.11/10 - overtook the whole map before doing a single mission. Would do it again.
76561197993647670,Recommended,225540,20517263,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Wrathmaster777,"Currently as of the 1.02 patch I am not pleased. Added 8gb more of memory to get 16mb as recommended to make the game run better, and it seemed to work, but now I am getting no sound. I have no problems with several other AAA titles like Arkham Knight, AC Syndicate and Fallout 4, so it is just disapponting that I have to wait probably for another patch before the game is truly playable. I can only recommend this game when it is properly patched, perhaps the 1.03 or 1.04 verisions down the road. Otherwise, wait for a solid sale and then pray for the best."
76561198095983787,Recommended,225540,20517278,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Hacksaw Jonny Gomes,"Gameplay is very fun. Story is far better than it's predecessor (or maybe it just seems so because we didn't have to grind and grind for the same lackluster plot of 2?) Voice acting is good, plenty of stuff to keep you occupied.Has David Tennant. 10/10."
76561198024848838,Recommended,225540,20517803,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Lordhoth444,amazing game
,Recommended,225540,20521684,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,THATODDENGI,cool game i love it but i cant play it on mac witch is my best com jet but i have one other
76561198201213799,Recommended,225540,20740378,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Legacy,really nice game. love the graphics. GOOOOO RICO.
,Recommended,225540,21149462,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Craig,Awesome
,Recommended,225540,21238147,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Chazilla,"^ Did you read all those reviews?Forget about them and focus ont this one, This game is amazing. All the haters are people with a sucky computer and cant read the recommended setting correctly. Check out the Site, ""Can u Run it"" to see if you can. I have an AMD and my pc runs 50fps smothely 24/7. I reccomend this game if u can handle the requirements. LEARN TO F****** READ. Plus most of the problems u are having are not the developers'  fault.Post all the Hate comments u want. :)"
76561198108915909,Recommended,225540,21024448,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,The Pizza Man,"The game looks really fun and looks really good, but it would not get past the title screen in fullscreen, and i have read articles on it, and it seems that most people with a GTX960-GTX970 have the problem, so be warned."
76561198046847387,Recommended,225540,24524665,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,HeroHS,"Great game! it's in every way better than the previous one, save for some non game breaking bugs. As for performance I have GTX 1070 and getting an average of 70 FPS on 1440p resolution with everything maxed out.. so no performance issues for me."
76561198073451911,Recommended,225540,23412994,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Sentinel_Hans,"Overall a very good game, even the bad reviews say the game is good, but their computers aren't up to spec. That being said, I have been a tad dissapointed by the DLC's. when the 'air land and sea' expansions were first mentioned, I expected more air vehicles, and more missions surrounding them, not a helicarrier and drones (though they are cool in their own way) and for teh land expansion, I was expecting tanks, maybe? a military complex in the volcano (so little was actually done with it ingame). What was given? mechs-that-aren't-quite-mechs. I hope for the sea expansion tehy atleast do some sort of crazy, bavarium powered submarine. All that in mind, still highly reccomend"
,Recommended,225540,24554024,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Vultige,"Good if you like flying around, blowing up stuff and blowing up more stuff.It is nice. ;-)"
,Recommended,225540,23371977,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Eagle,"never had an issue, dont know whats up with all the negative reviews, so fun!"
,Recommended,225540,24132079,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Stag,A VERY AWESOME GAMe IT ROCKS BUT CRASHES ALOTTTTT
,Not Recommended,225540,24912751,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,/Life2Death/ [SBC],"If you enjoy playing a game that acts like an arcade game, forcing you to do exactly one thing every time you play through OR ELSE, this is the game for you.No free thinking allowed"
,Not Recommended,225540,30110021,Posted: 22 February,all,Absolute Fluff,"I played this game at my friend's house a while ago on PS4, and i loved it, so i got excited when i could finally get it on PC. I got it last weekend, and tried to play it. When i started it up, the game froze at the logging in screen. so i restarted my computer, and just went on with my day. The next day, i started it up, and that time i got past the logging in screen, and onto the loading, but same thing, PC froze, and i restarted and moved on. Later that day i booted it up again and i got to the main menu, but i only had a maz of about 1-2 FPS, and couldn't press start. Next day i actually got past all the loading, past the main menu, and played the game, as seen by the 2 achievements i got, but i was playing at a max of about 15-20 FPS, which i render unplayable. I had a good time at my friend's house on PS4, but not PC, so get it there if you have one, or probably on an Xbox One."
76561198151992363,Not Recommended,225540,21722480,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Iruban,.
,Not Recommended,225540,28115995,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Sexy Pants,Too much stuttering in GTX 750ti. Also there's an audio loop.
,Recommended,225540,27571607,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Brit-9000,It's good
,Not Recommended,225540,28121234,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Atom | cs.money,"This game is crap !!Random frame drops ,♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics , protagonist got more stupid than was in previous part , a lot of other♥♥♥♥♥♥!!"
,Not Recommended,225540,28127375,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,McHonda,Meh.
76561198111537211,Not Recommended,225540,28210591,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,BOT Mike,Don't buy it if you have lower thatn 8GB Memory
,Recommended,225540,28010582,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Anthony Roger,"Amazing game, I ever play this!"
,Recommended,225540,25344846,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,EcLiPsE_,explosions in game explode your computer
76561198206270771,Recommended,225540,28354820,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Falcon,BOOM = 10/10STORY = DOOM (Nobody gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥GLITCHES =10/10 I dint not get anay glitches at all just make sure youhave a nvdia gpuDRIVING CONTROLS = 2/10GAMEPLAY = 10/10REPLAY = 10/10OVERALL SCORE = 9.5/10 Worth the money
,Not Recommended,225540,28397323,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,GenghisConArtist,"I was excited about this game, but it is terrible. Stupid enemies, weird sensitivity for weapons and vehicles, boring characters, and a complete lack of a plot. Marginally redeemed by the neat wingsuit and the grappling, but extremely frustrating to play. Played it for three hours-- don't think I'll play it again."
76561198003221729,Recommended,225540,19663733,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ZBlaster,System:Nvidia GTX980 4GBIntel i7 4790k32GB 1866Mhz RAM1TB 7800 rpm HDDWindows 7 Home 64bitThe game is awesome.   I had 1 CTD but I believe that was before the day 1 patch.   No problems since then.  All settings on at least HIGH man are on ULTRA.  The game is smooth as silk with really none of the issues that are being reported.   Some of the mechanics are a little...off but the fun had while playing more than make up for that.   I feel for the people having issues.   Hopefullly they can get a second patch that will solved the issues some people are having.
,Recommended,225540,27369609,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chimpey,It's like GTA-V without long loading screens
,Not Recommended,225540,20014838,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Elaine!,"(reposting because steam ate it before)I really loved Just Cause 2 so I was really excited about this game, but this is even more of a mess right now than the horror stories had lead me to believe. Not only did the game load at the wrong resolution and ignore me trying to load it in windowed mode, I couldn't even make it *to the menu* before a crash happened - this kind of rushed development is inexcusable for a full-price, AAA game in 2015.Between this and the other horror stories I've heard about repetitive gameplay, unfun missions, ludicrously high RAM requirements, and extremely poor optimization resulting in huge framerate issues, I have no desire to play this at all. It might be worth it after quite a few patches and a sale, but right now, definitely avoid."
,Recommended,225540,30287039,Posted: 2 March,all,UndamagedPack37,Great game! (ps. Multiplayer mod coming out soon!)
76561198254815227,Not Recommended,225540,30277150,Posted: 2 March,all,PillowMage,"This game is so annoying.AVALANCHE STUDIOS! FIX YOUR GAME YOU *****!First off, I was able to play the game with very few crashes thanks to 16 GB ram, but the game was so buggy, and poorly put together. I got the whole game + DLC for 15 dollars and I am still very disappointed. The controls, the finicky camera angles, the laziness and disregard for detail really upsets me. I bought this when it had bad reviews, because I loved JC2, but that was a really stupid move.THERE IS A CHALLENGE IN THE GAME (Laguana Blast) THAT IS GLITCHED SINCE 2015, AND IN 2017 THEY STILL HAVEN'T FIXED IT. TBH it's probably because the devs already got their millions and don't care about the consumer anymore.Should you buy it? NO! On sale? NO! Until the game is fixed, don't buy it."
,Recommended,225540,25364447,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,JarodOfLua,"I am not really here to say how awesome the game is, but it is. A lot of people have had issues with AMD graphics and performance issues related to RAM and HDDs. I have 8 GB of RAM. All it did was warn me that I was low on memory and reccommended closing other programs, which I did. I bought this game naively thinking that my card met the minimum requirements, and according to some benchmarks, it doesn't. I have not had any issues with performance. Due to all of the negative comments, I was really worried that I would need to take a lot of time tweaking things on my computer and possibly even upgrade hardware. This wasn't the case, my below-minimum AMD graphics ran this game just fine. I haven't tried it on anything about the most lenient of graphics settings, but the game runs fine, and for me that is what counts. I don't have an SSD, and it loads fine. Maybe other people should look into clearing space or defragging? As far as memory, just make sure you close background programs. I installed Razer Cortex to help with it, but it's really not even needed for me.In short, this game ran fine straight out of the box, I didn't have any issues. I'm probably going to turn my graphics settings up too, it runs so well.For reference, this is my hardware.Intel i7-6700k Skylake 4 GHzMSI AMD Radeon R9 380 4GB DDR58GB DDR4 at the lowest speed I could find (I'm cheap)Cheapest Terabyte HDD I could get my hands on, mostly free of filesNothing is overclocked.All of my worries were for nothing, the game runs fine so far in my limited minutes of playing it.Now, after playing the game through once, I will give some more details. If you are a guy who falls into habit of doing things repetitively, this game is repetitive. You need to learn to switch things up. If you always attack a base with a rocket launcher, next time use an APC with some allies in it. Don't always attack with a helicopter, you'll get bored. This is somewhat hard for me because I would rather do things the fast way, and don't have too much imagination for doing things differently. I'm sure that can be improved though.The main character is nearly invulnerable, but later bases and missions will be quite challenging, though he respawns with full ammunition not too far away. If you want a challenge, this game might not be a good idea for you.The Land, Air, and Sea DLCs are pretty overpowered on top of that, making it even harder to get killed and easier to blow stuff up. Again, if you are up for a challenge, don't get those DLCs. They go beyond OP.The other smaller DLCs are okay I suppose, I have a few of them, and with the exception of the Reaper Missile Mech, they aren't overpowered at all. I don't really use them though, they're just sort of a repeat of what we already have in the game. It mostly just gives you a head start, and in my case, a head start on capturing bases repetitively."
76561198071689410,Recommended,225540,20958638,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,OneHotDoggie,please fix the slow movement just please fix it
,Not Recommended,225540,19841631,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,hopeofhell@T.TV,"Its been out for a week and not even my high-mid range PC cant even keep this game at a stable Frame rate at even 30fps, which gives me simulation sickness because the FOV is awefull.I stopped playing after not even 30mins.0/10"
,Recommended,225540,19521524,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,montblanc106,"Fun as hell! If you like sandbox games like GTA, or have played Red Faction, or just love blowing stuff up, get this game."
76561198108183039,Recommended,225540,30192420,Posted: 26 February,all,DiabolicalDude,"Imagine playing as a combination of Iron Man and Spider-Man blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Pretty much this game.Story:You are pretty much an immortal god who returns home and needs to free it from a dictator. Blow up stuff until he isn’t alive any more. It’s a simple thing to guide the actions but really generic and average. Seriously, it’s just not important at all and can run through it in a few hoursGameplay:Basically, it gives you a whole bunch of toys to play with and tells you go nuts. You have a glider, infinite parachute, the ability to tether two things together, and unlimited C4. With these three, you can basically fly around the world infinitely and blow stuff up to your hearts contentDLC Talk:The air dlc gives you a jetpack that has a machine gun and a rocket launcher. This will make you play the game differently as the gameplay turns from sticking close to the ground and causing chaos to flying back and forth using your guns to cause damage from the sky. It’s a double edged sword because it makes things ♥♥♥♥ing awesome but it also makes things WAY easier than normal. It’s great so I would still recommend it but if you’re looking for a challenge, try turning it off. (I tried to play the land DLC but was super bored so I never bothered with that and the sea one).Other than that, you’re not required to do anything else to beat the story but you can liberate bases. These unlock weapons and areas where you can walk around without being shot at. These also unlock other side quests where you can unlock “mods” which are basically improvements to your skills like more explosives, longer jetpack time, and stronger theaters. This system of progression is OK because in theory, it forces you to learn the game and get better at it while unlocking rewards for doing so but a lot of the side quests are meant to be cheesed through so it doesn’t matter? For example, most of the races require using the non-default car to pass and a lot of the “explode stuff and get a highscore” missions are just easier when you have a helicopter as it just makes it so much easier. The wingsuit is where this works just because it’s actually skill based to navigate through tight passages in a wingsuit and that is learned through practice.Additionally, there is a point where after you liberate a certain amount of bases, you get bored because while they’re not copy pasted, they’re very similar and you just blow up everything until you clear it out. The only times this changes is big cities where you have tall buildings and denser layouts to deal with. Other than that, eh?Graphics/Performance: (with a 970, 4790K, 16GB of RAM, SSD)THe game ran between 60-80 for most of the game on the highest settings for me and only a few times where there frame rate issues. From a distance, this game looks amazing but models and textures look weird up close. Also, I had issues where the cutscenes almost seemed to ghost on my screen and would smear. IDK if that was because of the fact that it wasn’t running at the native resolutionFinal Thoughts:Is it fun? ♥♥♥♥ ya it is. It gets a bit repetitive and the story is OK if you’re going for completion but the gameplay of just going around and blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up with a rocket powered jetpack is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome to it’s core."
76561198191078731,Recommended,225540,28143157,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Waxaan iibiyaa askarta caruurta,"After 20ish hours of destruction in the game, its safe to say that this game runs fine on my rig (see my profile for spec). Never crash but I am having some fps drop sometimes when flying, but not a big deal, it dips from 120 to 60-70 fps, but goes right up after a few seconds.Pro:- good graphic, especially the explosion- mods are available in justcause3mods- new gear: wingsuit, you are practically flying with this gear- new weapons and vehicles, EMP cannon and bavarium tank are fun as hell- the mech and sky fortress DLC is a must- the rest are pretty much similar with JC2- the tethering mechanic is fun and improved, you can tether 2 things at the same thrice, though I was hoping I could tether 3-4 things at the same timeCons:- the challenges are repetitive- driving sucks, controller is recommended for the challenges- online connection, but there is a work around using firewall setting- not enough things to destroy- cant sprint, Rico is a destruction specialist, but he cant run, WTH??Recommend this when its on sale, get the dlcs too, it adds tons of fun with the game."
,Recommended,225540,31216943,Posted: 18 April,all,✪Akÿla_AG✪ | Gamdom.com,"ACTION, FREESTYLE, DEMOLITION, EXPERT.NEED some SILENT STYLES."
76561198016732895,Recommended,225540,28144801,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,sarge.cn,"Voted + but the game is disappoining in some aspects.The way I see it this game is a sandbox, and that's all. There is a campaign but you won't notice it. Or remember it.So there you go. What i liked:+ Huge map+ Nice graphics+ Ran smooth on my i5-2500K, R9 380X and 16GB RAM+ Good as a sandbox for shooting and blowing stuff up and messing aroundWhat's wrong with it:- Campaign- More campaigns via DLCsI think it's not cool to make a campaign this short and monotonous and then release a couple of even shorter campaigns for extra money.- Absolutely nothing to do when you're done messing aroundAlso there are leaderboards inside the game like who drifts the longest, but I don't understand what's up with them. It took me no effort to get to 1st place in several of these, it's like nobody is interested. Or are the scores displayed based on location? I don't know, but it seems like nobody cares.Overall this feels like too little effort. Like a world was built but then time/money/willpower ran out and the story was made as quickly as possible.So basically if you want a sandbox from Just Cause 2 but a lot larger, this game is for you."
76561198006234189,Not Recommended,225540,19439242,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,DevilMak,"Avalanche unleashing chaos on the first day of release, I see what you did there."
,Not Recommended,225540,19439366,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,satsuper,Can't recommend this game at all. If you have an older card its a good chance you will encounter constant crashes like I have with my GTX770/Windows 10 setup.Performance is not great either and the vsync is more like a frame limiter in that if you cant sustain 60fps it limits it to 30fps which is just moronic.Wait this one out until the steam sales when it is hopefully patched and in a better state.
76561198111469085,Not Recommended,225540,20716572,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,PoorChigga$$,Never fails to bring lags to my experience. The amount of lags could cause me to throw the computer out the window -.- maybe fix the lag :(
76561198133732089,Recommended,225540,32687978,Posted: 23 June,all,Ships,Love the game. Had so much fun with it.
76561198132940401,Recommended,225540,30009217,Posted: 18 February,all,Volatile17,awesome game
76561198011260738,Not Recommended,225540,32909081,Posted: 27 June,all,M2Stech,Refuses to play fullscreen at 1080 and crashes my PC like it's 1997.Fastest refund no regrets.Worst port ever considering I'm emulating the latest Zelda game at 4k downscaled without breaking a sweat.
76561198083223156,Recommended,225540,33000588,Posted: 29 June,all,FrontZz_sk8 csgolive.com,"good game, would like some better grapics thoe, some jagged lines on max settings."
,Not Recommended,225540,33011884,Posted: 29 June,all,Buda,"This game is horrible, the missions are the most boring part of the game and they gate the cool stuff,so you have to make these boring missions full of loading screens and cinematics. Terrible game design.Wasted my money..."
76561198001977127,Not Recommended,225540,33060897,Posted: 30 June,all,Shogun,"I'm almost at 20 hours in and I'm already getting bored. I put a ton of hours into Just Cause 2 and never lost interest. Some things have improved in JC3 like the graphics, wingsuit, etc. However many things have stepped back, The environment just isn't nearly as interesting the story is totally uninteresting, and the challgenges feel forced. JC2 held my interest because of the environment and the chaos but all of that feels dialed back in JC3. I will play for a bit longer but it is not a good sign I'm already losing steam."
76561198076642488,Not Recommended,225540,33056905,Posted: 30 June,all,FluffyMelons,"This game is awesome!The graphics are great and if you like games where eksplosionsis a big part of it, i will recommend you try thisFor me it is fun to mess around in a open world game likethis, but it gets boring pretty quickThe controls are awful, for exampel it is nearly impossiple to drivein a car normely4/10 Stars"
,Not Recommended,225540,33203866,Posted: 3 July,all,SirSweggy,Can't even get past the first loading screen.
76561197995313460,Recommended,225540,19981142,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,psychopatata,"Ok, I don't know if all performance and stability issues has been resolved or not, but at least on my rig, the game is running perfectly. This is a really beautiful game with so much joy baked into it, I am amazed. Super cool!"
,Recommended,225540,19686420,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Natasha's Lover Boy,"No problems with GTX 770.  Entertaining game.  Worth 60$? Not quite, but still would reccomend.  Also not sure what the complaints with loading times are.  Don't have this on my SSD, and still loads fast.  The loading times are faster than the times experienced while playing fallout 4."
,Recommended,225540,19687022,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,parachan,"This is a pretty fun game. I kept seeing crazy gifs on Reddit and decided I had to give it a try. It is just as nuts as I thought it would be. It may get old soon, but I've already spent a solid 10+ hours in the game and I want to continue.I really like the checkpoint system too. You can suicide bomb something, and still have that progress toward capturing the area when you respawn."
76561198129480398,Recommended,225540,21578251,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,lazerme  :~),10 atu 10 ign besy game EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,225540,23416726,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Xerxes,"is it just cause, like justiceor is it just cause, like just because?both make cents! >_<"
76561198043243161,Recommended,225540,19425325,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,d0ns,"Awesome game, if you have a fairly decent cpu, you can run it on low quality.However, there is an audio bug for me where i hear a crackling sound.9/10 until fixed"
76561198120807779,Recommended,225540,19431562,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,crudboy12,"ATTENTION AMD USERS!!!If you are having issues with the game, install the latest beta drivers for your card, and those problems will be greatly reduced. Still, performence leaves much to be desired (at least on an AMD machine; I have heard that nvidia users have a better time of it). I get around 45-50 fps on medium low settings and my specs are as follows: Radion r9 280x, intell i5 3.2, and 8 gigs of ram. Before I installed the drivers I got 17-25 fps on low with constant stuttering and crashing. Other then pefromence issues, the game is great. It is chalk full of creative ways to kill your foes and has a thus far intertaining story and mission set. My only major complaint (other then PC port) is that upgrades are unlocked only by doing boring challenges. I would reccomend the game so long as you are prepared to deal with some techical issues. Hopefully the game will be patched soon."
76561198071369684,Not Recommended,225540,19431268,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Johnny B,"this game is worse that garbage itself, unless you have a $5000 to $6000 gaming rig you will not be able to run this game to its capabilities. it is by far the most broken launch i have ever seen (makes Bethesda look like pros) had it running on 720p with lowest settings and could barly hold 20fps dropping as low as 15fps and i have a $3000 gaming rig. Square Enix is this some kind of joke 1/10."
76561198084123327,Recommended,225540,30031574,Posted: 19 February,all,KingOfWars ╰_╯,very  good game
76561198350383357,Recommended,225540,30164048,Posted: 25 February,all,Solotyphoon,I was religious now I am an athiest
,Not Recommended,225540,20673492,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Gremblo,"Oh, you had progress in this game? Well, the new update apparently makes you restart your frickin game. So yeah, F U player. Not entirely sure if this was just me or I did something wrong personally to cause this but all I know is I booted up the game after the update and bada-bing bada-boom starting from the bottom again. If you have a lot of progress in this game, sucks to be you m8...Also, the game wouldn't even run smoothly on my PC for the longest time, even on the absolute lowest resolution. I was finally able to fix it and run it at max settings. And it wasn't even all that hard, so long as you have $600 to spend on a new GPU (980 ti did the trick for me -_-). This game does have some stuff going for it, but it also has a lot of problems that for most people aren't getting better."
76561198343096567,Recommended,225540,29623317,Posted: 1 February,all,[CMG] Fytylm,"40 Hours Review:O......M......G.......This game rocks! hahahahahahaaI love the all the explosions and fighting and and and and!!!!I love it, I love it, I LOVE IT!!!!!Just go check all the epic moments on YouTube if you don't believe me.1) Open world game;2) can choose when and if you want to accept missions;3) can choose if and when you want to continue with the story;4) Upgrade yourselve and weapons.....5) Lots of explosions!;6) Graphics are good and explosions and fire are some of the best I have seen;7) Drive or fly or sail any vehicle you see!!!!!!Stop reading and go buy this game....you will not be sorry!60 Hours Review:80 Hours review:100 Hours Review:"
,Recommended,225540,29637636,Posted: 1 February,all,Exodia,"Story missions are largely good and destroying things feels great because of the tether, but the rest of the game is repetitive busywork typical of open world games.  Eventually even the destruction is less fun though.  By the last quarter of the game I just played the game while listening to podcasts about the Dos and Donts of taking di*k pics.DLC adds a couple new weapons/tools but is essentially more of the same.Stylistically they went for Mediterranean Nathan Drake in an open world, but like the gameplay itself doesnt have much depth."
,Recommended,225540,29641486,Posted: 1 February,all,✪ Gang Bang Gary,A good game
,Recommended,225540,31454729,Posted: 29 April,all,Pennywise | farmskins.com,It's a ♥♥♥♥♥ to run. Frequent frame drops with my i7 4790 and rx 480Great game if your pc can handle it8/10
,Recommended,225540,27056037,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cooper,You can attatch rockets to a cows♥♥♥♥♥♥ need I say anymore?
76561198295160748,Recommended,225540,31656321,Posted: 9 May,all,S R,BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM
76561198124948727,Recommended,225540,21622151,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,eyalking001,the best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198054288710,Recommended,225540,19922850,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Peg leg,"Stutters more than a disabled pre-kinder, 11/10 would buy a whole new Graphics card to play again!"
76561198060496408,Recommended,225540,24691761,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Toasty McMillian™,Epic game! Sadly it's poorly optimized!
,Not Recommended,225540,30226940,Posted: 27 February,all,Ranivus,"I, like many others bought this game loving the second one. Sadly the memory issue is insane... i bought a new laptop with regards to this being a potential fix to the stuttering and low frame rate. Sadly my Kaby Lake i7, GTX 1060 and 16 gb ram still render this game  virtually unplayable. Stuttering and avg of 15 fps on medium setting still makes this game play like im on a crap pc. Just Cause 2 is perfect... stick to that game. or buy this on an xbox/ps4."
,Not Recommended,225540,27970328,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,German Turtle ;P,"why the hell can't my $3000+ new computer full screen this game.... F%$K OFF and F%""King rebuild this damn game. PATCH PATCH PATCH PATCH!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198063833818,Recommended,225540,20362051,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Love Guru G-sus,Legit m8's get a gtx 670 (mininmum) and play it
76561198274095686,Not Recommended,225540,20364712,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,kiko15112006,NO SOUND  4 FRAMES PER SEcOND
76561198124732231,Recommended,225540,29726233,Posted: 5 February,all,WWG,yes
76561198333235057,Recommended,225540,28274881,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Berkyy.95❤;M,I love game :D RİCO <3<3<3<3<3
,Recommended,225540,19491963,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,covierigdon,"11/10If you are at all familar with just cause 2 then this game is everything you wanted after playing the second one.Such a enjoyable game with a endless list of pros,Frustration free combat, fluid grappling hook parachute combo, amazing easter eggs, etc...Cons,Only real con is the world map is not detailed enough barely shows anythingAnd on a side note I've experienced no peformance issues,since some people have been complaining about it."
,Not Recommended,225540,19512470,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,stfudisc,the destruction is awful
76561198011515471,Not Recommended,225540,24973917,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,M6zero,"The intro was alright. Not sure about anything after that because the game crashes. But, that intro tho..."
76561198020395589,Not Recommended,225540,27918104,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ToxicKookie,"On medium, even with 16GB ram, a 970 SC, and an i5 3570k, it runs like an overweight truck driver with only one leg.The upside:  It looks great, plays better than JC2, and seems like fun.The downside: Crap performance, changed Rico's VO.The performance is what kills it.  Since it's been a year since release, you can rest assured they're not going to fix this heap.Not even worth the sale price if it stays in this condition."
,Recommended,225540,19981893,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Jaydoss,"Really fun game. Lots and lots of missions and extra storylines to complete!, i really like the leaderboards for small acheivments, only downfall so far is when my save file corrupted! =( however i still reeally recommend this game to anyone interested in a good storyline!GameRatingJC39/10"
76561198097970534,Recommended,225540,29434520,Posted: 22 January,all,✠Kaiser Wilhelm ll✠#,500+ hours still find new ways to entertan myself
,Recommended,225540,29408128,Posted: 21 January,all,Otso©,Just a fun game to do crazy stuff in.
76561198201859297,Recommended,225540,29432714,Posted: 22 January,all,Papa Bless,"It's fun, but gets buggy after an hour of playing, even with a GTX 970 and 16GB of RAM. Flying is okay, and driving is atrocious. It gets repetetive after a while, but I couldn't stop until I finished the game."
76561198108808921,Recommended,225540,29421674,Posted: 22 January,all,Kali,I got bored after 27 hours. just too repetitive. the DLC's are very good but dont spoil yourself too early play this main mission first.
,Recommended,225540,29426190,Posted: 22 January,all,Figet spinger,"its fun, not a great story, put PLZ, if you are going to buy this game, have at least 10gb of ram, you are going to need it!"
,Recommended,225540,29431598,Posted: 22 January,all,Mr. Che GueVara,Simply the best
76561198027465068,Recommended,225540,33605337,Posted: 17 July,all,juggernaut,FUN! But dont expect much of a story.
,Recommended,225540,23833499,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jager,"One of my favorite games of 2015, loads of fun and a great time sink"
76561198002866085,Recommended,225540,27329361,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fesraw,"plenty of fun, if you don't take it too seriously"
,Not Recommended,225540,30677174,Posted: 22 March,all,Ballistic Speed,just spent ♥♥♥♥ing $90 for this shut and it ♥♥♥♥ing crashes!!!!!!!! what the actual ♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!! dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198075452441,Recommended,225540,19461307,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,'DarkRaider',Really amazing if you have amd graphics card buy it at a later date maybe but i can play with maxed out graphics perfectly without fps drops :))) can only recommend this game to everyone!! must buy :D
,Recommended,225540,19423505,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Loomaanaatii,"Works decently, althought there are massive framerate drops when explosions occur. Also, there is a bit of ghosting in the cut scenes which can become quite annoying..."
,Recommended,225540,19460744,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,xinio,where is tuk tuk <3 :C
76561198087568347,Recommended,225540,19461260,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Angry_Peanuts,"Lets get one thing out of the way, this is no Fallout 4. You don't get the interesting random encounters, or the interactive world of some other games. However, this game is extremely fun for what it is. You're meant to use the world, not interact with it. It's more of a playground than anything. The story is better than previous JC games. The graphics are pretty good, but not quite up to snuff compared to other AAA titles. Some complaints I have are: the wingsuit controls are a bit sluggish and slow, and there is a lack of AA options, you are limited to FXAA or SMAA. No HBAO either, just SSAO. Overall, a fun game to sink 30 or 40 hours into."
76561198056372343,Recommended,225540,30040485,Posted: 19 February,all,Kermit The Frog,I ♥♥♥♥IONG LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH <3
,Recommended,225540,30040900,Posted: 19 February,all,scary clown man!,I liked the part where you could shoot stuff and blow things up
,Recommended,225540,19859117,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Negus♤KneeCap,this is one of my favorite games everand i thought just cause 2 was good
76561198174432942,Recommended,225540,29812741,Posted: 9 February,all,Hydraxxon,Love this gameExplosionsGrappling hookWhat more can I say?
76561198076895781,Recommended,225540,27588548,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Petacho,I'm reviewing this just cause ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Not Recommended,225540,19815017,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,goober,"The game looks great, don't get me wrong, they've done a lot more with the game, but once you've completed the story and liberated all areas, it just gets boring. Yes, you can re-oppress areas so you can destroy them again, but it just makes that location hostile, instead of turning an entire region hostile. It's fun on your first playthrough, but after that it's just a borefest."
,Recommended,225540,27674732,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nox.,What ive played so far its a really good game!+ dont need a great pc to run it+ amazing story- few bugs / glitches
,Not Recommended,225540,29308519,Posted: 16 January,all,Dragonator,"I've tried playing this game many times, but the optimization is so poor it outweighs the incredibly fun gameplay. And it really sucks too, because from what I've seen and from a small bit of what I've played, the game play is great. But unless you plan on robbing NASA for one of their computers, good luck running it at any good looking settings."
76561198010366377,Recommended,225540,33798128,Posted: 25 July,all,Maverati,Better than Ghost Recon Wildlands
76561198129786008,Recommended,225540,33795665,Posted: 25 July,all,☣ツGG_Guy™ツ☣,it is true best game ever i will say yes to that
,Recommended,225540,33806227,Posted: 26 July,all,Dorian Gray,"I would recommend you playing this game due to its freedom you may feel when being able to Spiderman everywhere, fly, ride, drift, etc. It's a combination of GTA, Spiderman, Battlefield. Hope you enjoy the game.On the other hand, I hope this game will develop more about its depth and storyline."
76561198135606668,Recommended,225540,29843595,Posted: 11 February,all,Raol,One of the best games i have ever played. :)
,Recommended,225540,19470663,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Corvo Attano,"The game is great as an action game. I haven't really done any of the story missions because I've been enjoying exploding everything to kingdom come. Controls at first are finicky, once you start using them they become much better.Running on a GTX 970, maxed out as far as I can tell. Solid 60 fps, no drops. The game looks stunning. First Just Cause game I've bought, and I'm very glad I did. Already recommened to a friend!"
76561198037108662,Recommended,225540,19425195,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,13,This game is SOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD loved the last game this one is beter!!!!
76561198043645724,Recommended,225540,19793067,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Captain Galactus,"Just Cause 3 scratches my itch to have a game where you just blow things up. GTA 5 and Saints Row did a good job of satisfying it for a bit but now that I have had a grappling hook, unlimited c4 and infinite parachutes bestowed on me. I think it will be a while before a game can give me the same satisfaction as JC3 gives me when you blow up a military base by flying a jet into it or launching a motor bike into an attack chopper via grappling hook slingshot. Probably learned more about rocket trajectory from this game than anything else."
,Recommended,225540,21221551,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Neal_World,When u rate a game .. make sure u complete it atleast 90% ..look at my time in JC3 ..This is for the people who love action ..I love action ..This is made for me .. I love this game a  lot ..Thanks to square enix :) .. if u play JC2 .. u will feel JC3 is really good upgrade ..after completing the game .. I am still loving the smoothness of it in flying and makeing things explode into flames..Must have for action lovers..
,Recommended,225540,28392198,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[SP]DoodleBob,♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING
76561198179203017,Not Recommended,225540,33840966,Posted: 27 July,all,AimlessWanderer,"Just plain tedious and boring. The grapple mechanic could have been fun, if altered slightly. I don't recommend spending money on this."
,Recommended,225540,29971058,Posted: 16 February,all,DontPanic,Lots of fun :)
76561198071033832,Recommended,225540,19470229,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,yoshthe1st,"if you want to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up and look like a badass, then this game is for you!"
76561198069099942,Recommended,225540,24770012,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Generalphone,"I really love the explosion physics of this game, it's simply the reason I bought it. If you want an arousing story that pulls at your heartstrings and makes you fall in love with the characters, this may not be the exact game I'd reccomend for you. Don't get me wrong, the characters were each able to make me like them, but only for the humor they brought to destroying the good General's progress. The problem (if you can call it that) is that this was not made for the people who want to be absolutely bored out of their mind clicking buttons playing Uncharted 4. This is for the people that want to shoot a gas line and see a building explode, and let me tell you, they explode."
,Recommended,225540,33851919,Posted: 28 July,all,Pretty Patsie™,Holy ♥♥♥♥!!  Played the game for 30 mins already seen more explosions than any game i've played recently!!!!  Worth a buy 100%. And now I hear there is a FREE multiplayer mod like the 2nd game!! Grab it people!!!
76561198155208988,Recommended,225540,21848256,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,DeAtHTaCo,"I've played this awhile and figured I should update my review.This was overall a fun game, and a sold sequal, but it felt like a chore to complete.We have a beautiful new word to explore and destroy, however it all kind of felt the same the whole time.The driving is not so good, hard to control.I preferd the money system and vehicle/weapon upgrades from 2.This game did add some insane weapons and vehiclesJC2 was one of my all time favorites, so I was very excited to play this one. This was a huge reason I finally built a gaming rig.I think the reason this gets so many bad reviews is because 2 was so good and they did not have much room to improve."
76561198202188348,Recommended,225540,19969828,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BLACKSWORD10,recommend people who like blowing up stuff
,Recommended,225540,20365506,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,GiLneration,This game is terrorism done right.
,Recommended,225540,19840560,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Lord Gaga (Napo.),The game is one hell of a beautiful bollywood simulator. You can do a lot of wacky♥♥♥♥♥♥ Get this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198160442239,Recommended,225540,28542317,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Gingerashly,so this game looks promising but as the time of which i am writing this it is unplayable but that is easily acceptable considerinder i have a 5 yo laptop so if you have a laptop like me i reccomend not buying this but if your planning on upgrading to something better yes do buy this game but if you have a low-lowmedium computer i suggest not modding this game because it can cause it to crashmy specsintel core i7 Q 840 @1.87 GHz8 gb ram64 bitwin 7ATI Mobility Radeon HD 5730
,Recommended,225540,28541794,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Öats,"Literally the best game i've ever played. You need this game, but as with  everything you should probably snag it when its on sale. It's already well worth the 15 dollar sale price within the first few hours."
76561197970575995,Recommended,225540,19453264,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,O.S O.G,"Another fantastic game of ""just cause"" ! I thought JC2 would be unbeatable but JC3 is better in many ways! JC2 was my favorite game of all time but I think I just found my new favorite! Keep up the great work Devs, I love it!!!!!!!!!!DO NOT hesitate if your thinking of buying this game its worth every penny (even the DLC) which im not fond of but ill make an exception for this game because its that good!!!"
76561198063355128,Recommended,225540,33851344,Posted: 28 July,all,GootyWooty,"This game is the most fun I've had in a long time. I've been playing this for 2 days straight and loving ever moment. I've never played JC3 and you haven't either you're going to love it. Well it depends actually. Do you like explosions? Do you like the idea of grapple hooking into a wing suit? Let me just say I never knew how much a grapple hook and wing suit was missing from my life. Just explosions, grapple hooking into dudes shooting galore and more explosions! Listen you're not getting a super thick and complex story line here and the game is pretty much JUST killing and explosions. I can see how it can get repetitive, however the real question is am I getting my moneys worth? I think YES! So if you want a game where you can just chill and not think to hard at something where you go around shooting killing and EXPLOSIONS i'd say give it a go especially if it's on sale. That being said this game is not without it's flaws. I've encountered a few bugs and in on missions the base was glitched and I couldn't land on it, instead i'd fall through the earth. That was frustrating for sure, but after restarting the game it was all good and I haven't had that problem since.TL:DR Not super complex or imaginitve story line. Can be repetitive, but if you want a chill game where you don't have to think to hard and shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥and kill dudes and EXPLOSIONS! You should totally get it ESPECIALLY if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,225540,33592680,Posted: 16 July,all,Ryval,"This game is not designed for PC. All throughout the game it constantly assumes you're using a gamepad when you're obviously using keyboard and mouse.The game starts up in windowed mode all the time without remembering your settings.The XY coordinates to click on 2D icons and buttons is horribly off from where your mouse actually is.On top of that, they think we care about cinematics. There's a large amount of time wasting and boring cinematics right off the bat, yeah you can skip them, but they become just as annoying as ads poping up while using the internet. Just let us play the damn game."
,Not Recommended,225540,20138050,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,123,poopy
,Recommended,225540,27351786,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DarkMavrik,Great game with adventure and mayhem everywhere.
,Not Recommended,225540,19816723,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,the real nibba,"Very poorly optimized. Great gameplay, but the optimization problems were atrocious. Couldn't get above 45 FPS, even at the LOWEST SETTINGS. Even in the cutscences I was getting as low as 22 FPS! My specs are near/exceeding the recommended ones, so it really shouldn't be an issue. ESPECIALLY at the lowest settings! That's just insane!It's really too bad, because JC2 is one of my favorite games, and with the big map and added wignsuit I was pretty excited.What a let down, only because of very very poor optimization.Just in case you wanted my PC specs, here:http://pcpartpicker.com/b/r6HNnQ"
,Not Recommended,225540,21382634,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Os,Buy when it goes on sale
76561198065447572,Recommended,225540,19469502,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Harvest,"8.7/10 -Great Graphics,Great Story,Great Game.But, The lag is sometimes unbearable with ocassional studders, which will be fixed with the fast actions of Avalanche.DO NOT WALK AWAY FROM THIS GAME BECAUSE OF THE PREFORMANCE WITH AMD CARDS, IT WILL BE FIXED SOON.Wingsuit is love, Wingsuit is life."
76561198181345991,Not Recommended,225540,20991228,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,CAMPERTHESNIPER,This game can`t even run without problems and there is a constant sound bug where I can`t even put mz headphones on!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,225540,33916842,Posted: 30 July,all,Zestypanda,"Terrible camera controls, nauseating motion blur/effects. boarderline on-rails shooter with a thin plot, one-dimentional characters and limited motivation. Cookie cutter, bland, and unappealing. Uninstalled and asked for a refund just ten minutes in,"
,Recommended,225540,32759390,Posted: 24 June,all,007,EXPLOSIONS EVERYWHERE!
,Recommended,225540,32751474,Posted: 24 June,all,Anyone700,"Idk why ppl are complaining about the ocassional bug, the game is fire. Just restart the game and its fine"
76561198042017631,Not Recommended,225540,21054375,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Killblah,Tried playing with my AMD graphics card and the game is virtually unplayable
76561198092236523,Not Recommended,225540,21086438,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Tobias,The game has impressive graphics. But it's not enough because the dialogue is bad with lot of unfriendliness. The hero doesn't behave like a hero and the team he belongs to doesn't behaves like a winning team. One other problem is that the game only have one difficulty level which happens to be too easy.
,Recommended,225540,21066832,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Sacheverell,"Game definitely needs 12gb or more to run right. Minimum/recommended stats are both wrong.Having said that, if you meet the actual requirements, it's a really fun game."
,Recommended,225540,21105915,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,AGC | EXTREMEGABEL,It' pretty good fun messing up stuff with the new Grappler and flying around with the Wingsuit.
,Recommended,225540,22670458,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,TopSpeedGaming,"This game is amazing. The graphics, controlls, and gameplay is  great, But there isn't to much to do. Personally, this game would be so much better if they added multiplayer and made more DLC."
,Recommended,225540,23647184,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Grinwald (Rebecca),6.5/10
76561198062421464,Recommended,225540,19513971,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,French Dip,Fun Af no ammo simulator.
76561198131489522,Recommended,225540,23863500,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Flubs101,Great game.
,Not Recommended,225540,33881274,Posted: 29 July,all,tomer120300,dont buy this game and im sorry that i did the game berly workst and the controls are waird the game lag all the time doesnt matter the setting low or hige shity game dont buy it use your money on a game that works
76561198261972617,Recommended,225540,25999911,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Jacorn,Even with some of the performance issuses i've had i'm really enjoying this game and would recommend this game to someone with a decent pc and some anger to take out
,Recommended,225540,28054846,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Microsoft Visio,This Game  run smoothly on my rig :-Core i5 4460 3.2Ghz-16 Gb Ram-GTX 960 OCThis game is really fun ♥♥♥♥ .
,Recommended,225540,28052741,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Naakin_Do_Lein,"Really, just a game directed by micheal bay"
,Recommended,225540,19421182,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Mikish,"Fun.I'm addicted anyways.AMD problems fixed right away after installing drivers from the news page.Love it.EDIT: After a few hours of play, noticed that there is massive FPS stuttering on a more than capable card and hopefully will be fixed soon. This is why I should never pre-order games..."
,Recommended,225540,28058541,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TAINE,better flying than cod +1
76561198328347208,Recommended,225540,28053454,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,I Z Z I,An epic game that will make you forget about going to sleep
76561198053922309,Recommended,225540,28058172,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ItsBacon,vry nice
76561198081183882,Recommended,225540,34047757,Posted: 5 August,all,Hazard,"Haven't played it on My PC yet, thats Why it says that I'm only been playin for an hour, myPC is too weak. But anyways, I've been playing it on my PS4 and it's absolutely amazing. The story is better than I expected and I love the map design and the graphics. Everything looks beautiful. There might be one or two things that doesn't work, but it's absolutely amazing, trust me!"
,Recommended,225540,33978711,Posted: 2 August,all,[LFG]Bunny,"dank. the only annoying thing is the ♥♥♥♥ing server errors i tryed restart the game and then ""preforming online login"" ""loging failed"""
76561198170857030,Recommended,225540,30414731,Posted: 9 March,all,rezen so syrom,87%
76561198070715727,Recommended,225540,19795947,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,fabio.diluca,"Just Cause 3 is a next generation game. Is it so beautiful and fun! It is the first time I see a giant scale map with smooth graphics transitions. The scalling transition is so better technically than GTA V. Distant landscapes are amazing!The wingsuit makes a big difference between just cause 2 and 3. Playing with object using tethers makes things more dynamic, you can move almost anything!It perfmors great on a good system like mine (GTX 970 / i7 3.5ghz / 8gb ram). It only drop frames in a minor of moments.The negatives reviews are so unfair! Get a good hardware, because Just Cause 3 is GIANT!"
76561198066320056,Recommended,225540,29289950,Posted: 15 January,all,Livoynju,"Game looks and plays great and is everything you would expect from a Just Cause game, But it is seriously overpriced and i can only reccomend it on sale."
76561198100138194,Recommended,225540,21330030,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Thefunkypotato,Fantastic game
,Recommended,225540,30348456,Posted: 5 March,all,SpookyBean13,"Great game, you need a high end computer but, if you have a decent graphics card you may get 40fps. People say the game is too laggy around explosions well thats not true you can have a solid 60 if you have a high end pc around explosions. Story isnt great i seen a better story in a arcade game and that says alot but if your looking for a great action game with soo much to do in it this game is great for it"
76561198021614360,Recommended,225540,31541292,Posted: 4 May,all,ewr.2703,"I have to recommend the game though only at a discount since it is certainly a hoot to play even if it is a mess at times.It is a bit repetitive, the world is huge but repetitive, the map is filled with little challenges to upgrade your gear but they are just fillers to the game and map. The story is crap though the main character is definitely likable and the main missions play out like a big action movies though some can be quite dumb as you have to protect the dumb AI.I really hated the spawning of the AI enemies. You could be terrorizing a base and chopper support comes and when they come they get there​ almost instantaneously and out of nowhere. How do people and chopper​s and tanks just spawn out of nowhere or even the sea? Who cares I'm blowing stuff up and the AI wants me dead.The game is gorgeous, the music is bland and it's a fun cheap game, would never have paid full price for this game. Do recommend though cheap with a nice graphics card. As of May 2017 game still crashes and stutters like crazy even with my GTX 1080ti."
76561198262952162,Recommended,225540,31555847,Posted: 5 May,all,BubbaBookaBoo,love it
,Recommended,225540,27265144,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Drakkar,This game is for those who love total destruction games. One of the best game ever made.
,Recommended,225540,27627309,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sharky,I looooove this game . There are some much thins to explore . I like the explosions and the flying
76561198152209835,Recommended,225540,28993731,Posted: 3 January,all,oshjoshbgosh,BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED
,Recommended,225540,29236574,Posted: 13 January,all,icleus,"Game requires a high-end platform for 2016/2017, otherwise it runs flawlessly.  There are a few crashes at times but it would be the only time spent stop playing this game.  Simply put, bringing destruction however you desire has never been so much fun.  The minigame time races and obtaining upgrades is tedious and dull after a while but the vehicle and weapon unlocks are worth it.  I personally am reclusive about DLCs and season passes but the Land/Sea/Air content is fair but also good.  The DLC unlocked content is beyond absurd to the point it makes you an unstoppable God of Destruction.  The main game does not stand any chance to your DLC content."
,Recommended,225540,33702614,Posted: 21 July,all,driftking,Best idea I've had all day!
,Not Recommended,225540,19917821,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,"IT'S NOT A PHASE, MOM!","> Plays a game about causing explosions, shooting people, and performing exciting maneuvers> Causing explosions, shoting people, and performing exciting maneuvers causes the game to crash (or, in my case, lag)10/10 best irony simulator 2015But seriously, Avalanche, FIX IT. ACTUALLY FIX IT. NOW."
,Recommended,225540,20371462,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,F3AR.XxSullenEightxX,So much better than JC2
76561198110955371,Recommended,225540,29134658,Posted: 8 January,all,SwankyManky,Exciting and smooth game!
76561198140856949,Recommended,225540,21088099,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,fireskullbutt,"this game is great, and my only lag comes from my i5 2400 but ,y gtx 960 pushes this game and its still extremely fun"
,Recommended,225540,21088572,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Anzakanza,I love it but my wallet may soon hate meJUST CAUSEI crave for those beautiful graphics and steady framerates which my current rig can't offer. Absolutely beautiful in every other aspect. Of course there are some cons but if you get the gist of this game they really don't matter.
76561198055938835,Not Recommended,225540,30700669,Posted: 24 March,all,AlexTheLion,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥laggy game.
76561198112365499,Recommended,225540,25065514,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,jzocher,"Liked it, just a beast of a game to run though. You need a good computer if you want it to run well"
,Recommended,225540,21204215,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Typh0n_,well basically ♥♥♥♥♥♥s are everywhere and i need to ♥♥♥♥ in their mouths
76561198160518298,Recommended,225540,29234356,Posted: 13 January,all,electricalon,its a fun game and very casual - takes a long time to finish which is great because it is a fun game in every senseyou get to fly jets and ride the best tank and the damage is so much funflying with the suit is funif you like casual fun games this is the best one aroundthe graphics are also beatiful
,Not Recommended,225540,20161775,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,(Joe))DrDoomLordHawkServers.co,I recommed no only because I had all the rquierments and yet the game frooze so steam fault
,Recommended,225540,27428676,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FoxInAhBox,Good Game
76561198078345389,Recommended,225540,29236199,Posted: 13 January,all,TheArmedMadMan,"You blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up for half an hour, do a mission where you blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up, take a break and then repeat until completed.That was basically what happened with me. The game may pretend to give you a large number of options but in reality the META is often the way you will go, and eventually it just gets tedious.Thats not to say that I hated it, I will admit I enjoyed it until I got the DLC weapons and everything just became easy as ♥♥♥♥.I had YouTube on my other screen though so it didn't matter that much.Not to mention the fact that when those hyper-fans finish the multiplayer mod, this game will have a whole new dimension added to it. Don't hold your breath for that though, or do, its not like I know how far along they are with it."
76561198041510713,Recommended,225540,31906529,Posted: 22 May,all,kopasz5123,jo jatek nagyon
,Recommended,225540,20348117,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Kanan,"This game is amazing. If you enjoyed Just Cause 2, you will surely like Just Cause 3.I'm getting a solid 60FPS at max settings.SpecsOS: Windows 10 Pro 64-bitCPU: I7-4770K @ 3.50GHzGPU: GTX 97016GB of Dual-Channel DDR3 RAMI am running on full screen (2560x1440) and have the game installed on a SSD"
,Not Recommended,225540,20048311,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Cheeki Breeki,Spent 30 mins raiding a base shooting at final fuel tank game crashes 10/10 6th time this has happend
,Recommended,225540,20136699,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,FAlR,I played for 12hr STRAIGT I LOVE IT but there is one flaw NOT ENOUGH KITTIES AND PUPPYS (btw there is one puppy that i found i spawned like 20 and killed the all cuz they are cute and small aslo stinkie) Fin.
,Recommended,225540,22720890,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Kyusu,"I can't really approve of the physics of it all, but who needs obedience to classical mechanics when you have got infinate parachutes, nuke launchers, and an ideal Uranium substitute?"
,Not Recommended,225540,20162317,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,House🔰,All i see are artifacts everywhere is game renaissance exhibition at local museum or an antual game? Cause I can't tell the difference. Mind you I do not overclock my system in anyway. AMD USERS BEWARE!!!!!
,Not Recommended,225540,28399126,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,karessecret,"this is a disaster... totally a shity game, i bought it 2days ago, played less than 2hours, now im refunding this"
76561198097591903,Not Recommended,225540,29840124,Posted: 10 February,all,Burrito Mouth,Game always crashes. I have more than enough specs. Devs ruined this should be awesome game.
,Recommended,225540,22724407,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,The Spanish Inqusition,This game is great but OH MY GOD THE FINAL BOSS FIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!! This game did such a good job until then. That boss figh is litteral the worst boss figh I hav ever seen.
,Recommended,225540,20677044,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Gareth,"Great fun.  Very much like JC2 but updated and expanded.  Wing suit is a good addition - but hard to get to grips with at first.  There are a few irritations with controls - mainly stemming from the fact that it seems to be a console port - but it does at least mean that controller support is there.  The issue is that you cannot change a key binding like handbrake without it also change ascend in a helicoptor and accelerate in a plane.The best thing is that you can pick this game up and put it down again without penalty.  If you've only got a few minutes, it's not a problem."
,Recommended,225540,32955060,Posted: 28 June,all,Sophia,"""subtle"" -Rico Rodriguez"
76561198007144662,Not Recommended,225540,28392983,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Valdian,"Bad pc port, Game has bad FPS and i have a decent rig that plays most games on ultra/high. Game constantly crashes or you dissconect from their online servers even if you have a great connection.Save yourself some money get it on sale, dont pay full price."
,Recommended,225540,20345210,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Steve Fox,Buy It
76561198194503113,Recommended,225540,25066963,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Zachabull1,Right let me just make it clear. Don't listen to those noobs which say that the game doesn't work on their gtx 980 or what ever it works i have a gtx 750 and it works perfectly fine I downloaded the game started it. At first it was abit difficult to configure it but hey the game is wonderful. I would recommend a ps4 controller to play this game it makes it 100% easier to play. The game has been patched to work now. The system requirments is 8 GB of ram atleast because if you 4 GB then you will expirence some lag spikes.Overall the Game is greate I would recommend it to anyone which likes open world games :D :)
,Recommended,225540,28989324,Posted: 3 January,all,jdawesomeguy,"It is a fun game if you like explosions but you will need a beefy computer, the explosions and general destruction can make your farmrate drop to a snail's pace."
,Recommended,225540,29001408,Posted: 4 January,all,oli_14,Best game ever
,Recommended,225540,33708938,Posted: 21 July,all,Basibozuk,"The game exteremely fun. There are bunch of new improvements. Because of gameplay the game doesnt bore you at all. There is only one thing that drove me crazy. It's settings. It really makes your pc freeze, worst setting configuration of all time, really.It's better you buy it on console. Still 8\10."
,Recommended,225540,33709413,Posted: 21 July,all,Fritzzen,"This game brings me some mixed feelings.I think there are a lot of improvements, the wingsuit is a nice adition, new weapons and vehicles, all that.The ""things left to blow"" indicators are awesome. On ""Just Cause 2"" you could spend a lot of time looking for what was left for you to blow, so this helps a lot.And one plays this like ""ok, let's blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up"", but it could have so much more.There are not two many story missions and the game itself makes you want more. There are some hints about ""Rico's Story"" that one could think that through the game would become clear, but no. Even the ending leaves you like.. ""hey, is that it?"". Final boss is ♥♥♥♥ing easy. In the last game you had to go all over a mountain and survive till you get to the boss, here you justarrive and boom. Ending credits (unskippable ending credits). That was somewhat dissapointing.The ""mods"" system is very cool, but you have to complete a lot of challenges to unlock them, and if you are doing story missions one after another, you don't really get to collect everything to make them seem ""useful"", and using them just to achieve the 100% completion is not even necessary.All right, it's a ""blow everything up game"" everyone knows,Besides all that, it is fun exploding things.TL;DRYou like explosions? Some ""blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up sandbox"" to spend some time a day? Buy this.If you expect  a story, you could wait till it's on sale."
76561198213072284,Recommended,225540,32562748,Posted: 19 June,all,MelLovesPapyrus,I love the explosions it liget amazing!
,Recommended,225540,30416067,Posted: 9 March,all,adhbiyah,The secound game to play it simple and kill the time
,Recommended,225540,30434959,Posted: 10 March,all,Raptor Rex,"didnt like the game physics but action covered all of its pain.its a nice game in simple and shortwill recommend if u buy in sale, or its not worth more than 10$"
,Recommended,225540,30425737,Posted: 10 March,all,ObelusFlick,the best
,Recommended,225540,31789036,Posted: 16 May,all,Cosmonaut Comrade,Playing this game for the story is a lot like watching porn for the plot. You know its not taking itself seriously and you're just there for the rewarding feeling the explosions provide.
76561198164382756,Not Recommended,225540,21927814,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,RobbieSploosh,rubbish
76561198308423020,Recommended,225540,34081713,Posted: 7 August,all,Sergen cs.money csgogem.com,"Well the only thing that Just Cause 3 didn't satisfy like Just cause 2 did was that it didn't have a multiplayer mode. Now it does Woo Hoo. But there are a few bugs in this game sometimesit crashes as it consumes a lot of RAM, literally a lot. So if your getting it I would reccommend you to have well at least 12 GB to run it smoothly, for some of you out there 6 GB is probably enough, but for few it isn't. So if your facing problems then try reducing the post processing part of it. Other than that it is now a great game to play."
,Recommended,225540,33427886,Posted: 10 July,all,ezu,runs worse than crippled asian 8.6/10 would not recommend to be played on toaster
76561198271645646,Recommended,225540,33836495,Posted: 27 July,all,Stevo The Hero,Quite a cool game so far i do recomend it! :-)
,Recommended,225540,33836722,Posted: 27 July,all,TheDoomCake™,"It's just cause 2, but betterSeriously tought, just cause 3 takes most of the mistakes of the predecessor and corrects them, while also improvingThe wingsuit gives you a lot of mobility, the upgrades make the game a little less repetitive, the sticky explosives give you infinite possibilities of destruction, you can finally walk around when you're on top of a moving vehicle, and the driving feels a lot better.But the best improvement is the explosions; make something blow up and you'll receive a chain reaction that even michael bay couldn't think of.The only thing that is not better in any of the two games is the map.Just cause 2's map was fun to explore and nice to look at, while just cause 3's map is gorgeous but offers just a little bit less exploration.Overall it's a great game, especially if you like roaming around and causing chaos.9/10 would blow up an helicopter by gently parking it again"
,Recommended,225540,28988464,Posted: 3 January,all,Screech gamdom.com,Quality
,Recommended,225540,21330894,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Youre welcome,Why do drugs when you have this  gamealso a great game
,Recommended,225540,28023275,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mars,Instantly addicted. I don't know if I want to continue the plotline or liberate more towns first. And blowing stuff up in this game is absolutely beautiful. PLUS you can attach people to cars and drive around with them still stuck on. Solid 9/10
,Not Recommended,225540,21319312,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Y E E Z Y,"Just Cause 2 was a great game and a sequel to the series was unexpected but did mkae me put Just Cause 3 on my wishlist.Thankfully the game didn't have a massive hype train due to other 'triple A' games coming up so it didn't have to live up to much potential.With that being said, I feel the game starts being enjoyable but eventually is repetitive and quite frankly boring much to my dissapointment.The developers go on about this game being and huge open-world which has a bigger size than other open world games such as GTAV. Good open-world games allow the player to have lots of oppurtinites and do various activities whearas Just Cause 3 has a huge open-world where you do the same task over and over again. Go to a province, destroy the emeny bases, take over that province then go to the next province. After taking over several provinces, you get to do a mission which is makes you do less repetive tasks which is a breath of fresh air however, that is followed by taking more provinces just to do the next mission.I haven't played the whole game and frankly I can't be asked since there is no motivation for me to play this game. With that being said, the game improves on the mechanics of the predecessor and the graphics are better than the predecessor. Improved graphics does not make better gameplay + the graphics aren't all that considering what most gaming PCs are capable of running. It's sad when a developer has to make the graphics average in order to supply to the console market which holds back the potental of many games in terms of technological improvements, obviously the gameplay doesn't suffer from the console market.Overall, JC3 isn't a bad game but isn't one I will remember for being great. Thankfully for Avalanche, games such as Fallout 4 were out at a similar time therefore not many people purchased this game but if this wasn't the case; I feel many people would have been left dissapointed."
76561198282662929,Recommended,225540,21320597,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,joshgamezx,"if you like gta v you will love this.i thase better grafics by a mile and has no limit to what you can do to crusing in a f1 car to flying a jet into a base with a car atached to the back of the jet covered in c4s wile your eyes open with exitment.do you like slow,quiet,little car just liberate a town and you will get a garage to put you favriout car in.and the ame with sports cars.  also if you only whant that car you anly need beems to get your demands.if you are not shour on if you whant to buy this game take it from me you will never stop playing.thx for reading"
,Recommended,225540,20029485,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,semem,Poorly optimised but its really fun to play around with the grappling hook and c4s :D
76561198262004751,Recommended,225540,28009761,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,A Made Man,"High quality particles and effects, explosions, god modded weapons + equipment, and a massive beautiful open-world. Do I really need to type anything else?If your computer can handle it since 16 gbs of ram is pretty much what fixes a lot of the issues get this game.Be sure to get the Nanos Multiplayer Mod for an even better experience."
,Recommended,225540,28013048,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Epsilon,BOOM
76561198087137697,Recommended,225540,28019620,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TheBULGE,Explosions. Just Explosions
,Not Recommended,225540,27775492,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,craiggribbs,"I have been playing this and it has been fun..........but i also bought it on sale.  It is basically JC2 with MORE bugs, prettier graphics and poor optimization.JC2 was an awesome game with some annoyances.  The only thing I hoped for JC3  would have was some new mechanics and to fix the issues of the previous version. They managed to take every annoying problem and make it worse somehow.Do you need to grapple a car and hijack it because that is what the mission said you need to do? 70/5 chance you will bounce off it and die for no reason.Do you need to grapple a hill just to get arround? 50/50 you will become part of the hill for the next ten seconds while you are shot from all angles.Cutscene just got done? Explosion under the vehicle you are supposed to get into."
,Recommended,225540,29293889,Posted: 16 January,all,Mrok,"Nice, decen continuation of Just Cause 2.Still a bit buggy but playable."
76561198157639565,Recommended,225540,29298989,Posted: 16 January,all,man8352134,i love just cause 3 i do recommend it but not for 60$ no rules  Cause destruction but the  performance sucks
76561198010452338,Not Recommended,225540,31402093,Posted: 27 April,all,TitanVogelEi,just cause 2 was better.. this is♥♥♥♥♥♥ just nice graphics
,Recommended,225540,23757565,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,James,"As a game, its great. But it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198047691937,Not Recommended,225540,28419687,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,i like turtles,"Fun, but very buggy"
76561198058861753,Not Recommended,225540,29117711,Posted: 8 January,all,thbrown81,Optimize this game!!!! I would make the action movie you suggested but I cant load going in a straight line with my moderate computer.!!!
,Not Recommended,225540,28190968,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,FLUGZUG,"Until they add a FOV slider, this game is unplayable for me. The narrow FOV makes me nauseous which is why I'm requesting a return."
,Not Recommended,225540,28419386,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Poptart81,Can't rebind controller?Stupid keybinds.Max sensitivity too slow.Had to research online how to get it to run for about two hours after purchasing it.Performance is poor at times on a good rig.Huge installUhh... good stuff....Cool locomotionNice graphics
76561197970491524,Not Recommended,225540,29203330,Posted: 12 January,all,Cryonic,"This game felt felt like a tedious chore and I was only an hour in.The characters, dialouge and story made me cringe everytime it showed up.Trailer looks amazing but from what I could tell it played nothing like the amazing trailers.Perhaps I needed to invest more time in it but I cant reccomend this game on the basis I simply didnt enjoy it in the same way I enjoyed JC2."
,Recommended,225540,29714223,Posted: 5 February,all,Kyano [NTA],"A good sequel to the game Just Cause 2 witch was really good! The ammount of world destruction you can do is just unbelivebale E.T you can blow up bridges and the trains will fall off exexYes i got this game for free but thats not why i am not so critical.But you do need a beast of a pc  to even run it on low. For the first 2 months of me having the game i could not even get the start menu to open (I had a gtx 460 TI)(Now i have a 750TI) and lets be honest, it still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ But heyhoo the gameplay is great, the story is good, and overall this game is not so bad! Id give it a 5.2/10 because of optimization issues!"
,Recommended,225540,20434789,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Got Skill?,♥♥♥♥ YEAH!
,Recommended,225540,20421400,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,XxX_NanShanker420_XxX,"ayyyyyy lamel429/69 IGN ""Twas a solid lad"""
,Recommended,225540,20424345,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,fLuXxXxXxD,10/10 made me kill my whole family
,Recommended,225540,20433761,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,no profile name,I have this game. I play it. It's fun.
,Recommended,225540,20433492,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,yoelexys.figueroa,Its amazing!!!!
76561198268997682,Recommended,225540,20440465,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ramen,I LOVE THIS GAME!! ITS SO FUN TO JUST RUN AROUND AND BLOW STUFF UP AND FLY AROUND AND RAID MILITARTY BASES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,225540,20447638,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,HpSauce,it is a good game if your computer can handle it.
76561198075543115,Recommended,225540,20450243,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Evil Steve,\m/
76561198135800226,Not Recommended,225540,32807970,Posted: 26 June,all,Kakashi,"This has nothing new to offer, same reptetive stuff , It's boring just after 2-3 hrs of gameplay"
,Recommended,225540,34228512,Posted: 13 August,all,Tall Morty,boom
,Recommended,225540,19450925,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Yamato Suzuran,"It's Just Cause 2, but improved in every aspect. If you loved JC2, you're going to love JC3 even more. If JC2 wasn't for you, give this one a miss.Not suitable for people playing on their toasters, only those with powerful PCs need apply."
76561197988609182,Not Recommended,225540,19450954,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,kollin14,"Feels like this game was optimized while they were getting fisted with no lube.  Run FO4 on ultra, run this on med/low and still problems.  Guess they just pass the fisting down the line."
,Not Recommended,225540,28805849,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,rludz412,"this game is a joke. its unplayable. cant even get past the ""login"" screen without my pc freezing up."
76561198034098515,Recommended,225540,19411326,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,akstrappedmane,"Love it. And if you liked JC2 you will probably enjoy this game too.Performance is decent, game runs at 60-100 fps (lowest so far has been around 55 fps) on high/highest settings.I had no crashes so far and the loading times aren't too bad either although I do recommend an SSD. The game sometimes loses connection to the ranking servers, which can be annoying but has only happened to me once.I'm running this game on an MSI GTX970 and an i7 4770k in 1080p by the way.Also, I saw other people complain about technical problems. I've had none of them so far, but they'll most likely get fixed either with a patch or with the latest nvidia/ati drivers."
,Recommended,225540,19912367,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,"""u lookin to buy?""","Well I'm only leaving this review as I feel the game does not deserve a ""mixed"" status."
,Recommended,225540,19404692,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,rbnzdave,"Magnificent.Must point out that the forums are full of complaints, its a saturation of hate, with only the odd nice thing to say. This is mainly due to the fact that everyone else is in game, loving what is imho the best game in the genre.The new grapples and wingsuit take some getting used to, but this game has so much awesome. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s need not apply. Running flawlessly on gtx 770 at 1080p on v-high. Beautiful, fully deserves its awards. Fallout 4 can suck a fat one."
,Not Recommended,225540,20428769,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,csgoloto.com is gay,"I really expected more from the devs who brought the masterpiece that was just cause 2. In fact, many of the mechanics of that game are BETTER than those in JC3. Performancewise, don't expect to run this at any decent settings unless you have at least a 960 or better. The graphics aren't deserving of the horsepower required to run them, so I don't know where all that processing power is going. The driving feels fake, and the wingsuit feels tacked on, with controls that make you want to gouge your eyes out after 30mins of crashing into trees. The motorcycle driving feels like it was programmed by a 12 year old with ADHD based on how bouncy and chaotic the off-road driving is. Don't even get me started on the 5 mins it takes to load into the game, as well as the forced online. This game is not worth the current price, maybe pick it up if it goes down below 30, as that is what it is worth right now. Tl;Dr: Do not buy, fps is crap, driving mechanics are gross, gameplay is mediocre overall."
76561198269167249,Not Recommended,225540,20613497,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,NinjaBroBacon,will not run on my computer even though it fits minimum criteria.
,Not Recommended,225540,28878929,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Romulus,"You would think after all this time they would have worked out the graphics bugs. But I'm not ten minutes into the gameplay and the screen dips out and bumps me to desktop, with crappy screen res, with the game somehow still running, but I can't switch back to it. Come on. No, really, come on. There won't be a JC4 after this. They can't put out a game that actually works."
76561198062459696,Recommended,225540,19964016,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Useless,One of the best games I have played.
,Recommended,225540,20406761,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ThiaS cs.deals,Perfect! Just Perfect!
,Recommended,225540,31868437,Posted: 20 May,all,Sinowha,great open world game 9/10
,Recommended,225540,20453078,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,cbkilljoy79,"This is great game for open world enthusiasts.  Most of everything is destructible and this game is just plain fun.  I can't recommend the story as it is fairly thin but you're not playing this game for the story.  If you're looking for a game that gives you multiple options to destroy things, complete tasks and just play around in a sandbox, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,225540,20453921,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dj_Khaled_Woo,Made a guy suck his own♥♥♥♥♥♥with the grapple 10/10 GOTY
76561198271899209,Recommended,225540,20454358,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,lbaker_2001,one of the best game i have played tho a bit glitchy
76561198140998975,Not Recommended,225540,20452988,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Kerttis,Doesnt even work!
76561198080912666,Recommended,225540,20452571,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,jmiller,I love the freedom of this game. I like blowing things up this lets me blow things up. I like wing suits this lets me fly wing suits.
,Recommended,225540,24917081,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,GPMlore,"This is a great game and lives up to the expectation. I would rate Just Cause 3 higher than Far Cry 4 and GTA V because it has lots of things going for it. Yes, this game is great in its own way, it has huge open world setting, lots of vehicles, aeroplanes, fighter jets and much more. Missions are cool, there are lots of challenges in game and lots of things to destroy. The enemies are very tough to beat most of the times, especially the choppers, naval units and fighter jets.I had problems running this game smoothly, most of them might not be aware but this game needs at least 16GB RAM in order to run smoothly. Running this game even at lowest settings @ 1360X768 used to cause lots of stuttering. I recently upgraded my RAM to 16GB and now the gameplay is very smooth @ 1080p. So people complaining about stuttering, please buy more RAM in order to resolve the issue. It doesn’t matter whether you own a GTX 750ti or GTX 970, the game will stutter at low or high settings if you have 8GB or less memory.A must buy for all open world sandbox game players."
,Recommended,225540,24982300,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,TITZ ON RITZ,If u like random destruction and crazy gravity mechanics this is the game for you.Its also kinda a less strip cluby GTA.
76561198037330954,Recommended,225540,19573318,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Patrick Star,I attached rocket boosters to a goats♥♥♥♥♥and made him ski down a mountain 10/10
76561198042188898,Recommended,225540,19574047,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Asianboy808,the game is great... but i found a glitch. the water no longer loads... so it looks like im swiming in air or boats are flying... plz help
,Recommended,225540,19574707,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Pet'li,10/10. 100%ed and enjoyed it the entire time
76561198029775144,Recommended,225540,19576119,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Ray,Rico
,Recommended,225540,19576413,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ꜱᴩᴀɢᴇᴛY,10/2 -ME
76561198046902199,Recommended,225540,19750598,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,CyanideforTea,"Just a quick note for AMD users:This game runs fine on my system (AMD R9 280, FX 8320, 16 GB DDR3 1866, 2 TB 7200 RPM HDD).  I never fall below 30 FPS at 1080P on very high settings, even when there are big explosions.  Other than the title screen, loading times are generally under 15 seconds.  I have had no crashes or freezed.  I will note that there was a huge texture issue the first time I played, but installing the latest beta driver from AMD (released Nov 30) fixed it.  Furthermore it doesn't make my GPU run any hotter than any other game I have.  My FPS ranges from 30 to 60 averageing around 45.This game is loads of fun, so if you own an AMD R9 280, 280X, 7950, or 7970, give the game a shot.One last thing, I have read from some people that their system memory usage can exceed 8 GB while playing this game.  I haven't checked mine yet.  If you have 8 GB of RAM or less, and you have framerate or stalling issues, check your memory usage.  You might meed more."
,Recommended,225540,19752068,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,The Shekel Collector 9000,Laggy. Good graphics require a beast pc. Very sytem demanding.Still the best fukkin game ever.
76561198267673057,Recommended,225540,19753830,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Madmaximums13,ITS Awesome! You just really need at least 6gb of ram really
76561198202003177,Recommended,225540,19754964,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,SpicyDeritos,"yes, is AWESOME GAME, it is aesome graphix, nad awesome phisix. :D"
,Recommended,225540,19755043,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,MySecretBox,"Just cause 3 took it over the top and then some. It IS Bollywood the video game, and square enix knows that. They did a fantastic job making a HUGE map with oh so much to explore, and explode. The story is subpar, but come on, you aren't playing Just cause for the story now are you?"
,Recommended,225540,19755407,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Wydgit,
,Recommended,225540,19756603,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Euphoric Skrub,Game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome but unfortunately the optimisation isn't. Graphics are good but not outstanding and i can normally run GTA V with ultra settings at steady 97 fps. Now i had to turn the graphics down to medium to be able to play 57-60 fps. Please fix the optimisation.Game is still ♥♥♥♥ing awesome though.
76561198107019776,Recommended,225540,19771371,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,jack.wright1414,beta drivers fixed the amd issue
76561198192695522,Recommended,225540,19771665,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Myah?,"I love this game.I have not had really any of the problems with performance that others have had; 45 - 50 fps on high settings with an EVGA GTX 960 SC 4GB. Like JC2, the story isn't all that great, and the game can be a little buggy. The wingsuit feels great to use, and the grappler is much better. The superbikes are fairly awful to drive, but the slower ones and the cars are fantastic fun. Firefights are much more fun, and every destructible object blows up beautifully. I have not found a single base or village that is the same as another.By FAR my favorite game of all time. Mine, maybe not yours."
,Recommended,225540,19772031,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Relda,10/10 would blow up literally every thing again
,Recommended,225540,19784416,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,king,Amazing game. no need to think a lot. just go in like rambo. works well on my gtx 980. no stutter or lag or any drop in frames
76561198029585083,Recommended,225540,19785583,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,kierkegaard13,"I have a gtx 770 and this game may lag a little at times on pretty high settings, but it is beautiful. And while it's a descent bit different from JC2, to me, it adds a bunch of cool new elements of game play that make it really fun and addictive."
,Recommended,225540,19785947,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Watch Out,enjoyable but laggy
76561198039817406,Recommended,225540,19787213,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,CyberPie,"This is a very good lokking game with good gameplay and amazing explosions, but it crashes about every 20 minutes!  Still a good game, but I hope they fix the problem soon."
,Recommended,225540,19830711,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Ninjafluff,WOW! is all that really needs to be said. The graphics and gameplay are leaps and bounds better than the previous game. I am loving it! Helps that my computer is up to snuff and owning the graphics.
,Recommended,225540,22124382,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Fuego,Have you ever seen a VW beetle become a missile? No. No you haven't. Buy this game
,Recommended,225540,22134279,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,nova-hellcase.com,"this game is an amazing improvement on just cause 2 it took all the things that were wrong and made it great this is an amazing game to just♥♥♥♥♥♥around with even when you've completed the game their are collectables, you can just try and do the feats, and redo the bases great game cant wait for the DLC"
76561198148455156,Recommended,225540,22135995,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,f8lcowboy,So much fun.
,Recommended,225540,22126349,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,jesusofjoochiat,"Amazing gameplay and mechanics. The stuff you can do in this open, open world massively outweighs the lacklustre narrative and the repetitive missions. Sometimes, you just want it all to end as quickly as possible. And sometimes, you just want to faff around and see if you can actually build a car pendulum with your grappling wires and ram it into statues...The side challenges are truly challenging. I tear my hair out every time I miss out on a gear. If that's your thing, you will definitely enjoy this game."
76561198120479181,Recommended,225540,22128781,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,tindon,It would take me as long as i have played this game to describe how much fun this game is...
,Recommended,225540,23159631,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ScorpioHD,"I like it, but only like. The main story is no where near as long as Just Cause 2, this game had a lot more potential, but I'm giving it a positive rating because of the graphics, which are outstanding."
76561198130687690,Recommended,225540,33814852,Posted: 26 July,all,Justin,it smells like♥♥♥♥
76561239819683313,Recommended,225540,20846372,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Sam,THE BEST GAME EVER but i run this game on Geforce GT 730M and i can run this game on 25-30 FPS without any Lag
76561198175554073,Recommended,225540,20383690,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ThePolishAstronaut,Your not allowed to read more until you buy the gamehave you bought it yet?
76561198252609850,Recommended,225540,20379095,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Strike,is good game but T3ZeaR gay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,225540,20383026,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Vsauce,its a really good game
,Recommended,225540,33933339,Posted: 31 July,all,[LUMOS]TecDarkiegamingYT,"really fun game, i have played it all day and i cant get get off it lol 10/10 :D"
,Recommended,225540,19555408,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,DJ RetartedBaby,10/10 best game ever
,Recommended,225540,19556650,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,WynnFire,"This game is fun, beautiful, and huge. I already love it as much as the 2nd game and might a little more. That said, the logging in to Square Enix's server only seems to work 1 out of 4 times I try. The framerate issues I can live with, but the server issue is the bigger problem. I have to put steam in offline mode in order to play the game. This is bullcrap. This is a single player game where you have to wait for a connection to a server to play.While the game is fully playable in Steam's offline mode, it doesn't keep track of things you did that well when signed in. As of writing this review Steam is reporting me as playing it for 7.9 hours when Raptr, software that came with my Ati Radeon Card, says I have been playing for over 11 hours. When online it has different stats during the game then when I'm offline. This is very disappointing. They, Square Enix, need to fix their servers as we're still having the same dame issue a week later. At least let us play while being online with Steam but offline with Just Cause. It's frustraiting when the logging in screen freezes my computer making me restart it.Do I recommed this game? Hell yes! Do I recommed getting this before any known patch or being fixed? Hell NO!"
76561198132225061,Recommended,225540,21552231,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Shadow2002,This game is awesome
,Recommended,225540,19556131,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Z-Games,Great game. Im loving it so far! But i do have performance issues when i try attacking a settlement and the fps will drop even though they shouldnt. other then that i got 60 fps and up just roaming the beautiful sites!
76561198146229545,Recommended,225540,21516134,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,kandrelly3,"I can't stop playing this game.I never really liked these types of games, but Just Cause 3 has left me wasting away hours upon hours of messing around and wreaking havoc. The story is short but still pretty engaging and there is so much to do. Hundreds of collectibles, challenges, and vehicles to engage the most tireless completeionists. A huge map scattered with literally dozens of easter eggs. Bases littered throughout the world, urging you to cause catastrophic explosions in any way possible, whether you storm in with a tank or wreck the entire area with a desire to cause mayhem, machine gun and an RPG. The wingsuit, grappling hook, and parachute give you nearly infinite mobility. Pull off epic stunts and look awesome while you fly through the world of Medici. With so many toys to play with and so many things to make go boom, you'll get hooked to this game real quick.Do not quit at first if the performance is not good! The more you play the game, the better it runs. My computer has gained about 20 fps in performance without changing a thing just by playing it.  There are some minor issues with performance, but it's nothing unbearable. My specs are mediocre at best (my processor is similar to I3 and I give it 7 gigs of ram) and I can run a decent 30-40 fps on low settings. Every once in a while there will be the occaisonal hiccup in fps or a bug, but it's nothing game-changing. I have easily beat the game without any troubles with performance, so it's not an issue here.It completely lives up to my expectations. Explosions and chaos are the name of the game. the physics are amazing and it's so addicting it's unhealthy. WIth every mission, every base raid, and every challenge comes an adrenaline rush and a burning desire to be as cool as possible while you do it. Explosions are required, and you decide how to make those explosions. If there's a will, there's an oil tank nearby with your name on it. So get in, destory some face, and make a name for yourself. Just Cause 3 is the physical embodiment of destruction, and it's dang fun to play it."
76561198152597687,Recommended,225540,21516121,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Rork Ork,"Absolutely the best game ever made. Though there are little optimizations, this game is new, so I will give the developers time. As for the gameplay, it is super fun. There are loads of things to do.Reccomendations for future games (Just Cause 4)-Skiing-More vehicles and guns-More car race tracksThe plot lines of these games are repetitive-some corrupt leader comes into power with some sort of resource on the land he rules, and then rico comes and saves the day.Great game, very fun, but I wish there was more features. Also, PLEASE optimize!"
,Recommended,225540,21536622,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Psych,"very fun, great graphics."
,Recommended,225540,21506663,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,rug,best game!!!!!
76561198091033359,Recommended,225540,28141709,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,davirms,"I recommend this game (At low price). It has some perfomance issues (But not for a good PC)Pros:Being a comunist hero !!! LIberate a town from a evil dictator, by killing cops, and making terrorists atacks at a town. And when the ""free"" people come to idolize you... you tie them with ropes stretching to max their bodies and them put some bombs with rocket propursors just to see these innocent people fly and explode...  You can do it with cows and goats too.   You can drag innocent people tied to your car until it dies. Shot your own people in the head without reason... just because your day wasn´t good. Hijack their cars and take it to yourself.....   The best Che Guevara simulator ever !!!! LOL !!!! Wasn´t best  because you can´t kill your allies. =)Good graphics  and missionsFunny trying to say comunism is good selling a game and making good profits with this. (Capitalism wins)Cons:No stealth actionDangerous history for teenagers.Camera is annoying and in old style. Looks like a PS1/ PS2 game camera.Driving is not necessaryRepetitive"
,Not Recommended,225540,24974660,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Meelzonwhealz,When I first got the game it ran okay. Some stuttering and connectivity issues. The connectivity issues didn't bother me as I don't play online. Then suddenly it stopped working all togethor. Freezing and crashing upon start up.
,Recommended,225540,29280564,Posted: 15 January,all,DrDino's Fat Cock,I like the game but I want to know why it runs like absolute dog♥♥♥♥♥
76561198096384029,Not Recommended,225540,24719543,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,BlacKomet,"I would say its just as bad as the Dark Souls 1 port, enough said"
,Recommended,225540,23854139,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Danger,Not bad at all.
,Recommended,225540,23853052,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Imaginate,"Liked this game on consoles, butloveit on PC at 144fps!It feels really nice to just glide around the massive world and see all the beautiful views and sights in a lot better graphical settings.Some bases can seem repetitive to capture but that'skindajust what the game is. Just doing random take overs and free roaming with a wing suit.While I love this game, and the PC version makes a crazy difference, I don't recommend driving the cars, just fly.Fun game, can be relaxing or action heavy, it's all up to you. Good flying/shooting mechanics, but bad driving."
76561198313202872,Recommended,225540,23856948,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cult Of Ron Swanson,"Ive played the game from someone elses computer which ran much better than from a windows laptop, it lags everytime i get on and it sucks on a windows, so if your getting it on a windows, make sure its some sort of desktop,not a laptop"
76561198238861864,Recommended,225540,30248198,Posted: 28 February,all,jamesjjfly,nice game ! i am the ruler of sky :D
,Recommended,225540,30319844,Posted: 4 March,all,Josef,"Just Cause 3's excellence lies in how creative you are as a player and your system build. Other than that, this game looks Absolutely Beautiful."
76561198101436978,Recommended,225540,19508436,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Humbly,best game ever very good i had a few technical problems but that was my pc's fault great game had loads of fun a few minutes is even
,Recommended,225540,19447008,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Rainbow Hyphen,"Just Cause 3 is a bright, happy sandbox full of highly combustible toys. Here are some highlights:- The best progression system I've ever seen in a game, whereby you unlock upgrades (which you can toggle on and off at any time) by completing challenges related to those upgrades. Want to upgrade your wingsuit? Complete wingsuit challenges. Want to upgrade your explosives? Complete explosives challenges. Don't give a damn about driving because you're a physics-defying god of airborne death? No need to bother with the vehicle challenges! It's so, so good.- The wingsuit is an amazing traversal mechanic. It's equally well-suited to slipping past your enemies in pitched combat or soaring majestically like a surprisingly muscular eagle.- Ulimited C4. This gets a goddamn bullet point all by itself.Basically, JC3 is like the video game equivalent of an awesome action movie. And by that, I don't mean it feels like a game adapted from an action movie. God no. I mean it scratches the same itch, but in a fully interactive way. In JC3, you'll find yourself diving off a cliff as you detonate a huge goddamn bomb behind you, rotating the camera to find yourself gliding in slow motion, silhouetted against a giant fireball, because you're goddamn right you do.Here's a little detail: The grenade button is F, which I sometimes hit on accident. But I like it that way. Rico seems like the kind of guy who's so unbearably badass that he occasionally blows♥♥♥♥♥♥up ON ACCIDENT.One little thing to note: You might notice the reviews are a bit... mixed. Some people really don't like the online features, and I totally get that. If you don't like them, you can start Steam in offline mode to disable them. Unfortunately, AFAIK there's no simpler method to do so.Also, some people have encountered performance issues on certain hardware. My Kraken USB headphones really didn't like this game for some reason, and screamed constantly while it was running, but they had all sorts of issues so I've replaced them anyway. YMMV. Maybe buy direct through Steam so you can get a refund if something goes wrong.Viva la revolucion!"
76561198260613758,Recommended,225540,20818616,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Bendex,"so much fun but you need quite a good computer for smooth gameplay, my computer doesent work the best for me so the game freezes alot,still SO MUCH FUN tho!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198275523932,Recommended,225540,20825010,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,wiky707,Grafx and open map are awsmmm with new xplosions destruction..
,Recommended,225540,19446900,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,bevz,"Gave this one a thumbs up cos it is massively good fun; within first 20 mins i ripped a mini gun from a fixed placement and tore down a tower with it as well as killing an entire army of soliders! :) I've never seen so many explosions in one place; just blowing stuff up is great fun.However... It's definatley not as well optimised as JC2 which ran wonderfully on just about any machine and always looked beautiful, but you really have to have a beast of a machine to run JC3 that well or be prepared to cut down quality settings a fair bit.... I've had to turn most things off just to get about 50fps out of it, yet my machine can play GTA V at the same fps with almost everything turned up high!Another gripe (as others have said) is the driving; JC2 wasn't that good so i hoped they would fix it, but i think this is worse.... Increasing frame rate by lowering settings helped but cars still drive like comedy clown cars, the physics just doens't feel right at all. Camera auto-correct is terrible while driving (violently switching angles) and actually made me feel a bit sick so had to turn that off and go for manual mouse look.I do feel the game is still tremendous fun to play and would recommend, but be aware that you'll need one hell of a monster machine to get the visual fidelity of the movies you've seen on youtube, and even if you have recommended specs (as i do) you will likley have to turn a lot of stuff off to get a reasonable frate rate.It's a shame that such a good game is let down by an engine that feels so unoptimised, which is so strange since the JC2 engine was so superb.Anyway; engine problems aside i am really enjoying the game."
,Recommended,225540,19446880,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,vdeogamer,I don't know why everyone is having a fit when i can play the game on fullscreen with ultra settings at 1920x1080 resoultion at 60fpsIntel i5-459016gb 1866MHz DDR3 RAMWin 7 ProAMD R9 390 8GB
76561198078597304,Recommended,225540,19662805,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Le carlin du soldat,This game is like Michael Bay getting an unlimited budget for his movies. 10/10
76561198018549044,Not Recommended,225540,22408944,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,murderdolls960,just no
,Recommended,225540,34727848,Posted: 3 September,all,Zephyr,"This game is possibly one of my favorite games of all time. It has a lot of replayability and it is just gorgeous. Everything just works. The gameplay, the graphics, the story (not so much), and the controls.The DLC is also really fun. I've only put 82 hours into this game,but I am definitely planning on putting much more in.So, do i recommend this game. Abso'frickin'lutely!!!"
,Recommended,225540,31116400,Posted: 13 April,all,Sharky [T],Absolutely fun.
,Recommended,225540,30230033,Posted: 27 February,all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,100/100
76561198034084018,Recommended,225540,26605988,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Fide,"Spiderman with heavy weaponry, really cool game =)"
,Recommended,225540,26608318,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Peanut Arbuckle,"Terrible story that no one cares about, runs like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥half of the time, but playing as Rico and mindlessly destroying things in this massive open world makes it up to me. I sank a massive amount of hours in Just Cause 2 on Xbox, and, while i admit this game is inferior to the prequel, it still somehat maintains that Just Cause ""feel"" that i have always loved, therefore, I will give this a thumbs up.p.s.- just cause 3 M.P. devolopment was stopped, but another studio has picked it up and public betas are being released, so expect a full release soon"
76561198018672741,Recommended,225540,26609417,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,HellbounD,"Perhaps one of my favorite games of all times! I've always enjoyed the series, and this game while not being extemely innovative with anything from previous releases remains the same game... I for one... really appreciate and enjoy that. Its non stop action in an enourmous world. I get seriously lost in the beauty of the landscapes. I love how i can ineract and drive with any vehicle i can see. The wingsuit is amazing and provides serene flight in a world full of stuff to blow up! I highly recommend this game!"
76561198161886041,Not Recommended,225540,19403736,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Patilda,"Im sorry, I really, really hope this problem is fixed. I love open world games and was extremely hyped for this one. Sadly I can say that as of now i can't play this game because the framerate is extrememly low. It looks like a good game but I'm going to avoid it until this is fixed. Also glitches sometimes."
76561198095904677,Not Recommended,225540,19409172,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[-NoE-] Crackedfingers,"I would love to submit a gameplay review, but I only ever manage to find Marcos, get in the truck and then the game crashes to desktop every time. I thought it was my PC specs (AMD drivers seem to be the issue) but they cover the minimum at least. Tried on lowest graphics setting, but nah, no dice. Thats £50 well spent. You'd think after so long in development that they would have ironed the bugs out.Anyone else have similar troubles?"
,Not Recommended,225540,19409320,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Left of Zen,"In it's current state, JC3 is broken. Driver crashes keep me from ever entering the actual world. Well done Avalanche. But from my ""19 minutes played"" in the menu screen, it's not great. An unskippable 30 wait till...a DRM/online login which takes 15s. Then a loading screen for another 30s...all to take me back to the very first screen I saw, but now with an option to start the game. So it's taken 2 minutes before I was able to get to the main menu. Disgraceful.On top of that, some of the keybindings in the GUI tab are unchangeable, which is ♥♥♥♥ing useless considering I'm left handed and need to change the bindings to play properly.In short, a myriad of unskippable waits, driver crashes, poor interface design and DRM make this game totally unplayable. I expected better Avalanche."
,Not Recommended,225540,19410107,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Hypersleep,"I don't have the time to write a full review, but I just wanted to say that this game, by far, has the worst car driving system in any game I've played. I have played all 3 games now, I don't remember the previous ones being quite this ♥♥♥♥ing awful. They boast the game by showing all these cool mods and♥♥♥♥♥♥you can get for cars, but the cars feel like ♥♥♥♥ing shopping trolleys, you can put as many guns and speed boosts on a trolley as you want, but it's still a SHOPPING TROLLEY.I legimimately don't have any idea who at Avalanche would've used the land vehicles in this game and thought 'this is worth selling to people.' I was so ♥♥♥♥ing hyped when i saw they revamped it in the gameplay trailer, but vehicles are MORE fragile and, like i said earlier, the worst handling pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥I have ever used in any video game. Nothing even comes close to being this unpolished and pathetic. Hell, this wouldn't even be a problem if you didn't need to do the god awful side challenges involving them. The races aren't hard because of strict timing or tough obstacle courses, they are hard because you're driving a ♥♥♥♥ing ice cube."
,Not Recommended,225540,19410167,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,bOra Ⓐ,"cant recomment buying this right now, runs pretty bad on my rig, and feels pretty bad controlwise. maby with a future patch they will hopefully fix the pc problems"
,Not Recommended,225540,19410968,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,HKdagreat,"A really fun game generally, BUTTTT......not an optimized game - lots of stuttering even on lowest settings and my rig is above the system minimum specs. Latest AMD drivers installed and all. Seems like it's been a trend on all Nvidia Gameworks based games. Needs patching ASAP!!!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19411996,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Skjaere,"Okay, so the intro scene was insane, made sure I had above recomended specs. Check. Nvidia GPU and not AMD. Check. Lets play it!Wrong.-Audio was out of sync by about 2 whole seconds in cut scenes.- Game froze every 30 - 60 seconds  seconds or so for 1 - 2 seconds.- Frame drops whenever it felt like running smoothly was getting boring.What the ♥♥♥♥ happened to this game. I expected a better port than this.Get a refund or perhaps wait for a patch?Good job Avalanche. You've managed to Arkham Knight Just Cause 3."
76561198077038425,Not Recommended,225540,19412150,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Tugg Speedman,I CANT EVEN PLAY THE GAME!!!!ok I have a amzing pc easyily can run anything but this its not even the running probelm. Everytime I start the game I play for like 5 mins in the intro then when some thing new happens it frezz and tell me that it broke and I cant play. Dont publish you game before it even ready to be damn played.
,Not Recommended,225540,19413342,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Crinkles,"I love me some Just Cause, and the gameplay is solid, but the launch build is pretty damn rough around the edges.Minimum system memory is stated as 6gb.. I can only assume this is the minimum memory required to launch the executable because with miniumum detail settings and close to 7gb of *free* memory, it rapidly fills that and starts freezing and stuttering as the paging begins.If you're not sailing close to the wind with a meagre 8gb or so, chances are decent that a different issue will rear its head. Perhaps you'll be fortunate and join the ranks of those lucky souls with a blessed configuration destined to run the game well! Perhaps not.Stay far away until they've had a while to patch out the memory leaks and patch in some sensible resource handling and y'know.. finish the extended beta test that game launches have become.(Technical issues aside, when it's working well it's a whole lot of fun.)"
76561198041731149,Not Recommended,225540,19413363,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Stephen Chan,Lag and shutterFPS keep at 40 ~ 50I am going to have refund.
,Recommended,225540,33864987,Posted: 28 July,all,Skqueem,"Loading screens make me want to put a gun in my mouth and end my sad life10/10 -Buncha NerdsStill a good game though, buy it I don't care"
76561198213936960,Recommended,225540,33863856,Posted: 28 July,all,korenKB,good
76561198089119587,Recommended,225540,33864016,Posted: 28 July,all,Pencil Stick,Just Cause 3 is like your favorite game (that is not Just Cause 3) times ten.
,Recommended,225540,33864030,Posted: 28 July,all,Torino1989,Get the sky fortress dlc and then this game is lit. 3.5/5
,Recommended,225540,33865112,Posted: 28 July,all,JessXe,This is a good game. Yes the vehicle controls are bad. I swear gamers would complain about a BJ because it wasn't toothy enough. Your mothers should be ashamed they raised such needy children.
76561197991459240,Recommended,225540,34154574,Posted: 10 August,all,Thorbalt,"While it does have its frustrations abound (insta spawning tanks/boats/helios that just kinda appear with no sounds), it still does not take away too much from what it really is...a sandbox destruction game. Nothing bad will happen when you die (can be often depending on how suicidal you play), but it can also be good to die and reset the area to make it easier. And then the leaderboards. Normally i dont care for them, but these are FUN. Case and point? I currently am tops on the leaderboard for the farthest body flung with the grapple....3.4 kilometersGo blow some♥♥♥♥♥♥up"
76561198095498856,Recommended,225540,34155657,Posted: 10 August,all,macky10491,"I love this game. The story was horrible. It was just bad. But, the thing that saves the game for me is the addicting gameplay. Liberating all of the camps was just so much fun. I got 100% in the game. I just couldn't put it down. Play this game! It's amazing!"
,Recommended,225540,22118501,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Blargheon,VERY NAIS
,Recommended,225540,22123237,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Zionix,i called in a rebel drop and it landed on a car then the car dissapered 10/10 IGN
76561198261151325,Recommended,225540,28652286,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Tommy Thick,modddds
,Recommended,225540,28652959,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dik-Dik,My screen is ♥♥♥♥ed up8 grapples / 10 angry amd users
,Not Recommended,225540,29160659,Posted: 10 January,all,T7 STRAFE,"i cant open the game, it said that the game is already running"
76561198052297144,Recommended,225540,19421805,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TheDon,
76561198030721707,Not Recommended,225540,20742546,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,LT Gen Klink,"This game is inferior to Just Cause 2 in many ways. I mean sure, it has fancier graphics, more vehicles, guns and cooler looking explosions, but once you get past the honeymoon period with the explosions you realize a few things.The game is shorter. Like, there's just straight up less to do period, Less missions, less stuff to accomplish, less everything story content wize.There's less variety in the missions, it's either blow up this, or capture that. And they pad out the game in the worst way of making you keep ""liberating"" places. A thing that gets simply too damn old as you go from place to place filling out a checkbox of things to do that liberate a place, a thing that was optional in Just Cause 2 and generally was just for completionists and people who wanted powerups.The map is so damn small compared to Just Cause 2. I mean sure a lot of it was just wilderness in JC2, but it also had more towns, more roads, more everything, and it had much more scale to it and made you actually feel like you were in a country larger than a zit on rhode island's♥♥♥♥♥ And it was so much more varied.Air vehicles, to go with the now stark difference in map size, are criminally slow. Really? Only 300 something kph? Am I flying a propeller plane all the time or what?The cars are somehow only marginally more fun to drive unless you steal a formula 1 car like I did. Only then is it fun to drive places.Somehow they made a worse story. I mean sure, JC2's story was bad, but it was camp bad and therefore could be funny. This story not only is just bad bad, but I found I care nothing for what happens to anybody here. Oh, also Rico is spanish now, not mexican because reasons. And uncle Sheldon, my favorate character from JC2 is now a sleezeball texan with zero personality and has none of the self confidence, balls, roast pig, or presence he had in JC2.And can I talk about the graphics? They only seem a little bit better than the styleized hand-drawn looking ones from JC2 that manage to still look cool and not eat up 40+gb on my hard drive while not loading about as slow as mollasses down the side of a tree in january if not switched to your SSD, that is if you even have one because most people use 7200 rpm hdd drives because SSDs are expensive if you want one larger than the size of a gnat's♥♥♥♥♥♥The final island is so damn sparse. There is nothing there besides a couple towns/cities and a bunch of military bases spread out so dang far that you waste more time trying to find them to break them than actually breaking them. I know I was just complaining about the game not being big enough, but the problem with this is that the vehicles are slower to get with the map being smaller and it's just plain inconsistent compared to the previous 2 islands. The large island should be as densely populated as the smaller ones.And the last, and possibly greatest sin of this game is possibly the most dissapointing final boss ever.*spoilers*The final boss, General whatever generic villian, dies in 2 shots. That's right, I killed him in 2 shots. He flew at me with a bavarium chopper and I downed it in 2 shots. The last game had a boss battle in a nuclear submarine with adds that culminated in surfing ballistic missiles to disarm them before they hit their targets. This game had a chopper that I killed as fast as it appeared.Weakness personified, but at least I got it 12 dollars off, so there's that."
,Recommended,225540,33374311,Posted: 8 July,all,Theplexing,Boom
76561198204566389,Recommended,225540,21744838,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,a.a.alkahlout,The arabic language in the game is AWESOME))
,Recommended,225540,21746759,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Master,"Lot more improvement needed on the technical side, but the game itself is pretty good (for a Just Cause game, of course)."
,Recommended,225540,19421785,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Big Flanders,"People ♥♥♥♥♥ing because at launch its not optimized. It'll be fixed and everything will be fine, but people will still be butt hurt. Its a launch if you are so bent out of shape about a game not being perfect the second the game becomes available, then you might want to get your priorities straight. The game is amazing, and is in every way a better verison of just cause 2. The wing suit is a joy to use and you catch on pretty fast how to use it. The cars are, well cars they aren't great to handle straight away but there are unlocks to potentially fix that. The air vehicles are a bit strange to me as i'm still used to GTAV controlls. but in no way is it hard or uncontrolable. Overall this game is amazing and if you enjoyed Just Cause 2, then you really should consider getting this. Ignore all the idiots ♥♥♥♥♥ing about optimizing issues, i haven't had a single issue with my hardware, i5 3570k 8gb of ram and a 770 gpu at 1440p, and even if there is it will be fixed. People are just impatient and can't wait to put down games at launch.* I should note that i have not driven alot of cars, and the ones i have driven have been trucks and military vehicles."
,Not Recommended,225540,30886985,Posted: 1 April,all,AngryByte,"Cannot finish, crashes in almost every mission. 24GB of RAM, 6-core CPU, GTX flagship graphics card from 2016.Completely disappointed, JS2 was great, this is an embarrasment."
,Recommended,225540,34157265,Posted: 10 August,all,tank2,"LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT.  If I listened to some of the reviewers here, I would have missed out on hours and hours of fun and comedy.  Perhaps the reviewers that gave it a thumbs down would prefer to go back and play mario brothers and the like. Leave the real games to the men. Yeah."
76561198086541046,Not Recommended,225540,19406511,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,AxuO,funny game no sound at all
76561198137184128,Recommended,225540,19573310,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ham,The best thing ever. Lots of explosions.
,Not Recommended,225540,28104574,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Grizzly,"Great big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Played it on PS4. Game was way too restrictive and couldn't hold up anywhere near 30 fps, with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing aiming system. I got it on PC, thinking it might be a little better since I could run it at 60, use some mods to make it less restrictive, and actually aim (because being able to aim is surprisingly useful for a shooter, what'dya know).Except these cucks have gone out of their way to ♥♥♥♥ over all the mods, so about half of them work now, so I'm still restricted either way. And the game chugs along with some stuttery performance and massive drops in combat. And also the aiming system is still just as♥♥♥♥♥♥Thank god I can still refund this. Get JC2 instead and avoid this ♥♥♥♥♥ily designed mess of a game."
76561198016370681,Not Recommended,225540,19500797,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Jonny2myren,"Note: I have many in-game hours with this game, but since I have to play it with Steam in offline mode for it do be playable, the hours aren't logged.It could have been great, but Just Cause 3 falls short of being a game I can recommend. Firstly, the game is incredibly unoptimized and doesn't look like anytning special even with all settings turned up to max; not that I can play it at anywhere near max with my highly overclocked 7950 and 3570k. Rather, I have to turn down all settings as low as they can go if I want to experience the game in anything near a solid 60 fps. This despite applying different tweaks and trying out several different GPU drivers, including the latest beta driver.The vehicle physics are some of the worst I've experienced in a modern game, with cars that can barely be driven. I don't know how they managed to take Just Cause 2's extremely bad handling and make it even worse, but they sure found a way. None of the camera options when being in vehicles work particularly well either, and the default one where the camera follows even the tiniest of movements from your car is nausea-inducing and it perplexes my mind why they chose to make it like this. The ""unlocked"" camera isn't much better but at least makes it bearable to drive for shorter distances. The only vehicle that even comes close to being acceptable are the boats.I am really struggling to come up with a game with worse AI than Just Cause 3, probably because there isn't one. Many times they simply stand next to you, doing absolutely nothing even though they are on full alert.The gameplay itself can be quite entertaining, but after a few hours this starts to wear off and it quickly becomes a chore to liberate outposts and towns. This isn't something you can opt out of either, since you are forced to liberate a certain amount of areas throughout the story in order to be allowed to take on the next story mission. Gunplay feels like a huge part of a game like this, and I am baffled by how weak it is in Just Cause 3. I never feel like I'm killing bad guys with powerful weapons, but rather like I'm dragging my mousepointer over cookie cutter enemies while either holding the button down or clicking. There is no sense of power and it isn't satisfying at all.There are plenty of bugs in the game, with a few of them being: sound from your weapons disappear; upon exiting the game it hangs and plays the same sound over and over and over again, forcing you to alt-tab and try to get access to the Task Manager in order to kill the process (happens 100% of the time for me); vehicles that you have to destroy during missions becoming invincible, forcing you to restart the mission; destroyed objects not registering that they are destroyed, leading to you not being able to liberate that particular outpost unless you reload a save; and many many more.All in all, if Avalance manages to iron out the plethora of problems that this game has, it might become an ok game, but because the fundamentals are so weak, it will never be a great game. I can not recommend this game in the state it is in at the moment, and I feel like I never will."
76561198006219586,Recommended,225540,19420849,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Washcloth Repairman,It's Just Cause 2 with better graphics. (That's a good thing.)
76561198046640192,Recommended,225540,20177440,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bentra,Kissed a cow called Moo-reo10/10
76561198110752507,Recommended,225540,29136525,Posted: 9 January,all,TeFox,HeyThats Pretty good.
,Not Recommended,225540,29135080,Posted: 8 January,all,Regular-Sized Ian,"Just Cause 3 is a huge let-down compared to Just Cause 2.While it satisifes my desire for dramatic grappling hook and explosive action, it fails to live up to the sheer amount of stuff to do that was present in the previous game.The 3 main levels in Just Cause 3 can be described as: Beautiful, Meh, and Just Sad.The first set of islands are lush, bright, and jam packed with stuff to see and do. The second is slightly less packed, but still interesting. But the third is Just Sad 3. Half of the map (probably more) is just completely empty. It gives the feel that the developers ran out of time, and had to make up some garbage story about that area of the map being off limits. It's lazy, and I am dissapointed when I compare Just Cause 3's map to Just Cause 2.Furthermore, the use of Dunevo DRM is absolutly abbhorent, and punishes game players, even if they purchased the game legitimately."
76561198050480650,Recommended,225540,20180017,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Blackveg,A really good game.
,Recommended,225540,24291689,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,☜✪☞ Franna ︻芫═──,Once in a blue moon you encounter a game with a fun factor like non other - this is one of those games... Loving it!
,Recommended,225540,24319035,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,asymmetrical csgosell.com,"A proper video GAME, just pure fun and explosions, if you play expecting  complicated story like movies this one is not for you"
76561198060657359,Recommended,225540,26090543,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,MattyouKing,Best Game Ever
76561198084177017,Recommended,225540,26087766,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,haggy,"Look, I payed £60 for the XL version of the game. What expected when I opened up the game was for my PC to crash because I have a core 2 quad but I can acctually run the game at 20 yo 60 fps depending on the situation. The game is good overall but there isn't enough content so I've left it but I'm getting an I7 so this will be a blast when I upgrade.As for the gameplay, it's pretty good but there could be multiplayer, online factions and better random events.7.75/10"
76561198121054120,Recommended,225540,26239006,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,moses.ideka,"Great gameplay. Took me quite a long time to liberate whole map. Great scenery, storyline and great time killer."
,Recommended,225540,25446011,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,»Ķēīţħ«,My overall satisfacion with Just Cause 3 is THRU THE ROOF!!!
76561198294085645,Recommended,225540,25456765,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,superlemonde,Fun game..It has big maps to explore and lots of amazing stunts to perform.
76561198258074277,Recommended,225540,34728567,Posted: 3 September,all,NoahMcDank,You can boom boom the pow pow
,Recommended,225540,35028250,Posted: 17 September,all,ihave7penis,I 100%ed this game
76561198066767870,Recommended,225540,35032777,Posted: 17 September,all,jonathan morrell,Amazing game! will keep you intersted through the whole game. ties up nicely too!
,Not Recommended,225540,35051929,Posted: 18 September,all,alertacobra12,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, it gave me the blue screen of dead just to remind you DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
76561198007226873,Not Recommended,225540,35054675,Posted: 18 September,all,jm291000,"One of the worst games ever made.  That is the brutal honest truth about this game.  It could be a very interesting game but all I get is no save ability.  I have tried every avavilable way out there on the internet but it just refuses to save.  I will aim to remove this game and get a refund because I'm sick to death of a game that is also full of glitches as well.  Out of the 10 attempts to play through this game resulting in no saves, I have twice had were the pixels all pixelate on the screen and I can fly through and under the map for eternity which just annoys me even more.Square Enix don't seem to be interested in fixing this even though it has been going on for years and have just produced one of the most broken games ever, they can compare themselves to Activision with MW3.  It could be a very good game but with the constant glitches and no save ability.  I would of expected this from SEGA games from the late 80's/ early 90's not a 21st century game.Sort it out, then I may come back but I for one am absolutely rejecting this game and I give it a massive 1/10."
76561198080064924,Recommended,225540,23946573,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,drac,"Love the game, looks and feels just like Just Cause 2, but better and more fun.Sure I have, occasional stutter but not enough that it is a real problem.It really only appear when driving ground vehicles.Of all the hours behind the controller the game have crashed once.I also have had no problems with any of the DLC so far and I got the Air, Land, Sea pass.My rig:Win 7i5 2500K8GB RAMASUS GeForce GTX 960"
76561198127032014,Recommended,225540,23946578,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ParkingKing,"Tbh... Just get 5000 Gigs of RAM, then you can play at a solid 40 fps."
,Recommended,225540,24898490,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TheArm,"I generally don't get into writing reviews. Most often I'm late to the party among a sea of ""funny"" and helpful others. Yet I am compalled here since if I'd not taken a chance I wouldn't have enjoyed what I think is a damn fun game!Do not buy this game for a heartwarming tear jerker.Do not buy this game to be whisked away on a fantasy adventure to marvel the ages.Do not buy loads of piddly DLC the company tries to pawn off as content.Buy this to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up.Then you will have fun.I had zero issues with performance, so never researched what issues the software may have. Running on a 1090t w 16gb memory and gtx 970. Didn't check FPS, it was just smooth. Like butta.I am not affliated with the company, programmers, nor did I receive this at a discount for my oppinion. Just a gamer.TheArm"
,Recommended,225540,23947816,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Avihay1989,"at the begining feels fun,after a whileFeel no desire to return to the gameVery repetitive and does something new and exciting that makes him want to return to play"
,Not Recommended,225540,34997881,Posted: 16 September,all,emco,Very poorly optimized for PC. The physics can be wonky when pulling objects.Story is nothing ground breaking : Classic villain/hero story.World is well made and fun to explore with no vehicles
,Recommended,225540,19406945,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pink Fluffy Unicorns,"A lot of the dislikes are from people who are trying to run a resource demanding game on their patatos. The optimization is fine and in fact I'm playing right now, blowing up massive structures, etc, etc. So if you don't have a potato, buy the game. If you do have a potato and decide to buy it anyway, don't complain when your potato gets baked."
,Recommended,225540,20339570,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Friday,"My problem with the game is that when i make big explosions the game seems to lag and reduce in fps and thats really annoying,anybody experiencing the same problem ?else its an awesome game"
76561198295260707,Not Recommended,225540,24150711,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,wenlanyu921118,"Interesting for the first a few hours and then get more and more boring.You just do the same thing again and again, and blow every reddish structures."
76561198171915351,Recommended,225540,23778493,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TRY BURNING GUNDAM,very perfect graphic
76561198024082534,Recommended,225540,23775726,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SpartanHaden,This game is loads of fun!!!
,Recommended,225540,32438881,Posted: 15 June,all,Stranger Warkri,"This game is based on fun... not story or character or anything like that, just plain old fun and it IS fun... when it isn't crashing.There are many things you can do in this game to make you feel like a real marvel super hero, and once you get the jetpack the game is insanely fun! This is a real sandbox, where you want to play after a long day of work, and you can play for just a little bit or for hours.The wingsuit mechanic is great, and with the brilliant graphics, I found myself having fun just gliding around between trees and through caves, around mountains etc. The jetpack makes it a bit OP, but nothing says you have to use it, and it is fun in its own right. Flying around launching missiles from your shoulder makes you feel like Iron Man or something.Lots of pretty explosions and the destructability is right up there with the battlefield franchise, great physics usually (although sometimes things can go a little crazy).The grapple mechanic is intuitive and fun once you start experimenting with how to attach things together. Nothing more satisfying than attaching a helicopter to a tower so it suddenly gets yanked around and eventually nosedives into the dirt.I've only played a few missions as I have mostly just been playing around in the open world, but the biggest BIGGEST annoyance so far with the gameplay is that the camera is always auto-adjusting and there is no option to change it. Yes you can change it for vehicles, but for parachute and wingsuit (which is what you will probobly be doing most the time because it's so damn fun) it keeps turning forward causing you to miss some of the mayhem you may have caused behind you.The other big thing is that the game crashes. I have a high-end rig and don't remember the last time I had a game crash on me, but with 12 hours of game time I have had 2 crashes so far. It's not a huuuuge deal since you aren't too concerned with progress being lost as it is saving constantly, but it's definitely annoying and this long after release I would expect this to have been ironed out.I think the guns are lacking some punch to them, the machine guns and pistols just don't seem to have enough oomf, and for all the death and explosions it just doesn't feel 'violent' ... crazy assessment but you will see what I mean when you play.Usually the crashing would kill a game for me, but I gotta say, this game is just so much fun I will keep playing it for a while. The game sets itself apart from the rest of the open world games, and makes sure to NOT be a GTA V clone, making it a big breath of fresh air in a world full of GTA wannabes. This over WatchDogs II all day.I would probably give this game an 8.5/10 but with the crashes and some of the other minor issues I'd say it's a 7.5.Definitely worth the buy when it's on sale."
,Recommended,225540,29676590,Posted: 3 February,all,ali1m2020,a
76561198178566934,Recommended,225540,29743485,Posted: 6 February,all,patrickbrook2009,EFSFSE
,Recommended,225540,28404098,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,COM123,Totally Worth It !!
,Recommended,225540,23422891,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,¡ven¡,Like this review....just cause
76561197985605445,Recommended,225540,33060037,Posted: 30 June,all,Stacker Camper,"If you like open world game in which you interact with mostly vehicles, this game cannot be beaten.It is certainly worth buying when on sale as the single player campign alone is very decent and lengthy."
76561197997334484,Not Recommended,225540,28687590,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Johnny Kaboom,Error 38The Game itself is fun. Go Rent it for a Weekend for Konsole or something.
76561198008166888,Recommended,225540,27247928,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,J0LT3R,"Looks great, fun gadgets, huge open world. Though somewhat repetitive if you want to unlock everything."
,Not Recommended,225540,27358374,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bastbear,.
76561198191274090,Not Recommended,225540,28152905,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ajacks,"Despite meeting PC requirements, facing lag while playing & the campagin is NOT getting saved at all. Each time I quit the game, I have to start from the very beginning. Frustrating!!"
,Not Recommended,225540,27136648,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Karlsson,"This game feels like a direct sequel to Just Cause 1... basically, everything that was fixed in JC2 have been ignored and now we're back with terrible handling vehicles and weird controllers.Haven't played much but I couldn't stand the whole weirdness of the games. Same weirdness as the first one."
76561197971696346,Recommended,225540,27248694,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,thetangentofpi,It's good.
76561198050971091,Not Recommended,225540,27373844,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cesallone,I've played 13 minutes of this game. Already asking for refund since it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198017295578,Not Recommended,225540,28152483,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,GGT,ProsVisualsExplosionsWingsuitBetter grapling hookConsPorted poorlyControls are terribleBumping anything at more than 40 makes your vehicle explodeOverall: Don't expect JC2+. This game feels different and it's changed for the worse imo. Don't recommend.
,Not Recommended,225540,28153635,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Rich White Boy,"When it works, this game is a Michael Bay wet dream.WHEN IT WORKSThis game is at a point where it will just crash for no apparent reason.Sadly my other copy for a console is broken as well, so I need to just wait.Damnit"
,Not Recommended,225540,28155084,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,deejay1204,"It seems that the  developers are competing amongst themselves to create the worst PC port ever , Assassins Creed Unity , Arkham Knight and now Just Cause 3i can run arkham knight fine on my PC but not Just  Cause 3  without any stuttering issues to the point it gets annoying , u will only be getting a subpar performance at the most , i won't apply for a refund though , played the first 2 games on the PS and wanted the best experience for JC3 , sadly disappointed , i will gladly update my review when the Devs fix it , batman and ACU were fixed as well , how did JC3 passed the testing phases is a mystery , for nowNOT RECOMMENDED"
76561198007478999,Not Recommended,225540,27385834,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Red Bearded Vagabond,"The amount of minor problems this game has for me are too much to bare. FPS drops, double sounding, frequent crashing, makes this game unplayable for me. My rig is a i7 6700k, gtx 970, 16gb ram."
76561198106390785,Not Recommended,225540,27457578,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Repeat Pete,"I'm glad i bought this with the discount from the black market sale, other than that i'm still annoyed that i cant play the game....... Hope the developers fix it soon, but till then i can not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,225540,28649429,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DarkShoal,"Just Cause 3 is... not a good game. It is not a bad game, but it's not a good game.Things that were a deal breaker for me:- Constant and unceasing spawns of enemies behind you (because enemies can't spawn on screen)- Your deaths are to being surrounded or to being chain ragdolled unavoidably. Or by grappling onto a helicopter which immediately explodes- The Physics... isn't great and occasionally bugs the hell out.- Some vehicles use homing missiles. Occasionally the ability to lock on just stops working until you restart the game.- A lot of quality of life stuff is locked behind boring / annoying challenges. Like being able to look down the sites of your weapon.On the plus side:- The DLC is very good in comparison.If you can live with the combat & enemy spawning system it's a very enjoyable game of explosions."
76561198165850407,Not Recommended,225540,28516350,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,michaelcao53,This game has a serious performance issue problem. I put this game at a very low resolution of 800x600 and the game keeps on crashing because of the graphics driver. This game requires you to have the best system memory if you want to have fun. Lots of lag and many crashes.
,Recommended,225540,22085073,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lungsman,"In this game you play as Peter Guevara-Bond, a spider-themed vigilante turned Guerilla-rebel-secret-agent. Your objective is to remove the evil dictator Adolf Benito Stalin Mussolini Castro, the greedy and opressive dictator of Italy - I mean Medici. Adolf Benito Stalin Mussolini Castro has hired Michael Bay and J.J. Abrams as his two commanders and has sworn vengeance upon Peter Guevara-Bond for - oh who gives a damn about the story. Buy the game."
,Recommended,225540,27100009,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kunno,Its fun and It sick but you love all the same.
,Recommended,225540,24521250,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Lord DN,"Great game. No logic at all though, it's quite weird. Oh, and you can fly, love it"
,Recommended,225540,19409798,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Goatastic,AWESOME
76561198073355812,Not Recommended,225540,19651824,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Juju,"a game that could have been very good qithout all those extremely annoying details... And what the hell are those f... logging bug ? keep loggin me out, logging me in.. trying to log me in everytime i try to check the menu..."
76561198064930702,Recommended,225540,24154989,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,J Rob,"I can finally say I'm proud of my purchase. No bad experiences so far. This game is actually really fun! Creativity is key.For those who are having problems regarding performance, I have a workaround that I discovered myself: switch to another resolution, just make sure you enable AMD VSR (or its Nvidia counterpart) turned on. For example, if 1080p is performing bad, try 1440p. It'll run smooth, even with vsync on. The next time you fire up the game, it'll perform bad again, so go back to 1080p and it'll run smooth again. It works for me, so I thought I should share it. I hope it works for everyone else as well. I don't think you need a really beefy computer to get the best performance out of this game.My specs:Gigabyte Z97X Gaming 5i5 4690k @stock16GB RAMGigabyte Radeon R9 390 8GB"
,Recommended,225540,24150281,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,OrionWorks,"ok, lots of reviews saying this game doesnt work.my specs:intel i7 2.7-3.5 ghznvidea geforce gtx 960m8gb ramit works like a dream so shut up, medium- high graphics 60fps.sure its not that well optimised but its still better than arma 3 in terms of optimisation.so seriously, it may not work well on your pc, but give it a try. i risked it, crossed my fingers and it works fine.the content in this game is so bloody ridiculously fun and awesome, its so, so worth it.GET THIS GAME!edit: if your still not sure, get on sale or something, so the money isn't a big deal if if for some reason doesnt work on your setup"
,Not Recommended,225540,27247754,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JamesTheClarke,"The game seems like fun but unfortunately it gives me headaches and heavy motion sickness. No FOV or camera shake options, so I'll be refunding it as I the game makes it impossible to combat the symptoms."
76561198035653760,Not Recommended,225540,27391482,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,edogedoo,"well, would have loved to play this game... but it doesnt full screen, and when you use the games set launch options to force full screen, its in 720p, changing resilution blocks me out og full screen, and full screen and changing reserlution to 1080p only showes me a quarter of the game screen, with the rest beond my monitor... i have duel monitors and disabled my 2nd, and still wouldnt work...."
,Not Recommended,225540,28151128,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,public Pylon(),"Frequent crashes, poor optimization. What even is driving?"
,Recommended,225540,33816504,Posted: 26 July,all,ThexFaintx pvpro.com,"I maybe have played this for just 1,5 hours now, but i already know that i will enjoy this game very much!*** If you like FarCry  you will like this game for sure!Its better than GTA V and better than Assasins Creed, you can compare that games a little bit"
76561197984086419,Recommended,225540,33838189,Posted: 27 July,all,8drunkNgods,"This game is video card propaganda, it shall be liberated. Viva la nvidia!"
,Recommended,225540,33839817,Posted: 27 July,all,Killer.Iwni,Very nice game ..amazing physics ...! Anyone can explore it with a grappling hook and a parachute.
,Recommended,225540,34216662,Posted: 13 August,all,The Green Zubrowka,Maaaaarioooooooooooooo!!!!
76561198349943218,Recommended,225540,34218638,Posted: 13 August,all,ABM_ABOLFAZL,nice game
76561198369253910,Recommended,225540,34219703,Posted: 13 August,all,Shrek,Probably the closest you can get to a decent spider-man game on steam.6/10
,Recommended,225540,34225612,Posted: 13 August,all,Jodeth,"I don't play games at 30 fps often... but when I do, it's Just Cause 3."
76561198040848958,Recommended,225540,34459510,Posted: 24 August,all,Joe-Kett,"If you enjoyed previous games in the series, this will probably be a lot of fun.However, I felt it a bit lacking in actual content. It's great to have such a large map, but there isn't anything there to do. Compare it to JC2, which had the airport, the large city and so on - there's nothing like that here. The liberations of the cities are repetitive, load times are long and I encountered my fair share of game breaking glitches (falling through the floor, weapons not locking on in missions when they literally have to). Nonetheless, it's not a game to be taken too seriously, and I had a lot of fun throughout it all.6/10."
,Recommended,225540,34475280,Posted: 25 August,all,timeflower,big guns and a grapple hook
76561198130972899,Recommended,225540,34546885,Posted: 28 August,all,Dat_Guy_With_Da_namE,One of the best games i have played so far and i'm far from compliting it
76561198272973304,Recommended,225540,34552319,Posted: 28 August,all,Wiggling Legislator,This game is the pure definition of fun. Who doesn't like sling-shotting nuns 500 feet in the air between two giant scysrapers?
76561198417908316,Recommended,225540,34687947,Posted: 2 September,all,dtulk19_s,is the game working for you guys?
76561197962794603,Recommended,225540,33801340,Posted: 25 July,all,Wingnut,"Great game, simply put if you liked the first or second, then this third is def worth a play. Having a blast playing through the campaign and now the MP mod has just been released. Good timing!"
,Recommended,225540,33816272,Posted: 26 July,all,Apollo,Good
,Recommended,225540,33816825,Posted: 26 July,all,hellrabbittt,nice game not allot of players online and its got some bugs but its nice
,Recommended,225540,33839473,Posted: 27 July,all,kaikat,"man this game is SOOOO fun. the only thing im so mad at is, YOU CAN ONLLY PLAY ON WINDOWS. please make it so mac books can play jc 3.other than that I LOVE IT. please make jc 4.p.s. also plz make a jet dlc."
,Recommended,225540,33845888,Posted: 27 July,all,mehdi45k,Yuuuuuup
76561198126412282,Recommended,225540,34026960,Posted: 4 August,all,epickflamingo,Fun to destroy literally a whole country. Thumbs up!
76561198374284331,Recommended,225540,34180390,Posted: 11 August,all,Cattato,"This is quite possible the best game ever... if you have a beefy computer. Which I do not, unfortuanately. If you have a low tier pc, I don't reccomend spending money on this game as it is almost unplayable due to low framerates and lag spikes."
76561198140479662,Recommended,225540,34181086,Posted: 11 August,all,Ryoma,"nice game play, and very fun"
,Recommended,225540,34195521,Posted: 12 August,all,Deez Nutz,This game is secretly funded by Michael Bay.♥♥♥♥LOADS OF EXPLOSIONZ MAN...
,Recommended,225540,34209890,Posted: 13 August,all,Romix,czysta rozwałka :D
,Recommended,225540,34215350,Posted: 13 August,all,Zapoke,The best game ever made. The only flaw in it is the optimization.
,Recommended,225540,34222038,Posted: 13 August,all,Gambler07,"Just Cause 3 is another good game from the franchise with good graphics, good music and sound fx, not a very good port but it makes you feel like superman in a very explosive environment."
,Recommended,225540,34416491,Posted: 22 August,all,CaiNX10A,"Fly a plane, aim for that ugly statue.Eject in mid-air, parachute to that cafe.Blow up that propaganda truck,  Start a gunfight,Wait till that assault chopper come by.Hook on to that choppa, steal it for a ride.To the next city, to the next ugly statue.And do it all over again, in that choppa with the rocket pods.11/10. The best third person shooter I have played in a long time. Whether you are on foot, in a tank, in a choppa or equipped with that awesome iron-man like suit from one of the DLCs, you are an engine of destruction."
76561198208886159,Recommended,225540,34433306,Posted: 23 August,all,Keaton ツ,"Just Cause 3 has a seemingly endless and diverse map to explore at any time. The story is bland and basic (like all of the Just Cause games). The gameplay is fun, badass and exciting even when you've put countless hours into the game.The graphics are amazing and so is the sound quality.However the game has a lot of frame rate drops and crashes for no reason on beastly PC machines.At the time that I write this review I strongly recommend that you buy this game in a sale and not at it's full price tag."
76561198175876885,Recommended,225540,34456187,Posted: 24 August,all,Bengizz,This is possibly one of the most addicting and fun game ever with unlimited amounts of things to do is my favourite game and would recommend to anyone with a decent computor/console
76561197988366913,Recommended,225540,34676935,Posted: 1 September,all,lai_tsz_ho,Easily one of the most fun open-world game I have ever played recently!Played it with 21:9 wide monitor and the high quality graphics makes the experience so immersive! Love it!!!
,Recommended,225540,34683780,Posted: 2 September,all,Melek,Good game need more time in it to be sure though.
,Recommended,225540,34687606,Posted: 2 September,all,NonViolentBadger,"Story is sht, characters are forgettable, loads of bugs, graphics are average, but boy is it a lot of fun.Horseplay 10/10"
,Recommended,225540,34690397,Posted: 2 September,all,DogetorHue,"You know what they say, time flies when you're blowing up military outposts. This game is incredible value for the money. I could spend 30 hours just exploring the map and still not see all of it. Blowing stuff up is realistic and fun, and the stunts are super useful. I could probably spend 100 hours playing before I beat the campaign. I'm interested to try out the multiplayer mod with some friends."
76561198358864785,Recommended,225540,34692577,Posted: 2 September,all,Omnivale,VERY FUN BUT WAY BETTER WITH DLC also the driving phisics sucks♥♥♥♥♥but they back it up with a wingsuit and other types of mobility
76561198284579677,Recommended,225540,34618986,Posted: 30 August,all,Lacmad,Good game really fun recommend getting
76561198232956880,Recommended,225540,34661430,Posted: 1 September,all,meepachu,Fun
76561198123837950,Recommended,225540,34677836,Posted: 1 September,all,Average_Username,The shotguns are anti-vehicle weapons and one shot them
,Not Recommended,225540,33503691,Posted: 13 July,all,Happy Spanker,"Think of this game as having your own Michael Bay movie; lots of explosions, lots of violence, helicopters in tunnels, cars in low-earth orbit and every gas station & oil platform has enough explosive potential to stand toe-to-toe with nuclear weapons.The bad part is, that this includes a Michael Bay movies storyline; flimsy, poor and somewhat-mandatory if you want to actually finish the game. The character development is appalling yet totally not the reason why anyone wants or should buy the game to start with. Still, you need to progress the 'story' to disable superweapons protecting command centrals, at which point you'll have to drag yourself from cliche to cliche...Also, this game has been both blessed and cursed by the influences of Michael Bay's Indian cousin in the physics department; Michael Singh. Blessed, because it's hilarious to be able to go all-out Bollywood and string a tank up against a gunboat using your own personal steel-wire-at-a-distance-despenser and watching both of them explode violently or having two military vehicles somehow embedded into your own, which ends up with an hilarious-if-proportionally-too-large explosion, taking out all three vehicles and nine enemy soldiers and sometimes yourself. The bad part? This also happens during those tedious missions where you have to escort some idiot; who now has two military vehicles glitched into his truck, all of which are about to blow up and cause you to fail your mission.Lastly, the game is basically a cheap port. You can expect all the glorious performance slump, controller 'features' and stability issues you can get from a cheap port. Get it cheap; it's entertaining enough to play for less than 10 euro or so, at which point the shoddy port job and horrid storyline don't really matter anymore. But not worth it at the full price."
,Recommended,225540,33504722,Posted: 13 July,all,OctopusJuice,"This game is a hell of a lot of fun and looks absolutely stunning. It is well worth buying on sale if you have a good computer.On max settings, minus a few that have poor performance/visual impact ratios, the game runs steady at around 80-90fps on my PC (GTX 1070, i5 6500 @4.1 Ghz, 16GB RAM).I am so glad I decided to buy this during the summer sale for $12.50. The mechanics are so fluid and polished, the environment is amazingly detailed, the landscape is designed beautifully for all kinds of navigation, physics are endlessly entertaining, combat is a lot of fun, and while the gameplay can be repetitive like JC2, I don't think that's really a bad thing because it's guaranteed to be enjoyable.This is also a great game to play while listening to podcasts.I highly recommend this game if you enjoyed Just Cause 2 and have a high-end computer."
,Recommended,225540,33507977,Posted: 13 July,all,Elder Element,"Highly active gameplay, so much to do, great graphics, awesome mechanics, wonderful storyline. A++"
,Not Recommended,225540,33507296,Posted: 13 July,all,Mars,"It's not bad but it's Just Cause 2.2.Better raphic plus a couple of popular JC2 mods.Minigames challenges feel like work.The bad review is because the game keeps trying to login, in fact I'm wrigint this while waiting, it's uncacceptable."
76561198354882287,Recommended,225540,33511723,Posted: 13 July,all,tiM,"TDLR: good game, if you can run it.This is a wonderful, yet hilarious game. It added almost everything I felt was missing from JC2. However, there are a few points to keep in mind.-This is a very ""interesting"" game to run, and therefore, is not going to work well on all computers-The story is pathetic to the level that it may as well not exist-Gameplay can (and likely will) be glitchy-While they are not common, I have experienced crashes/visual glitches (with 30+ mods installed)A basic summary of the game is as follows:Pros:-Perfect destruction-Pretty good graphics-Good physics (excluding vehicle handling/collision)-MODS-Basically an infinite action movieCons:-Badly optimized-Horrible story-meh dlc (other than sky fortress)-semi buggy (also a pro as it can be hilarious)-Repetitive missions(buy while on sale)I can run this game at max settings and get about 60 fps, my PC specs are:-Processor Intel i7-6700K CPU 4.00GHz-Memory (x64) 16gb ram-GPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 6GB (MSI Edition)Happy Genociding ;D"
76561198006293367,Recommended,225540,33513581,Posted: 13 July,all,Boes Boes,"This game is recommended with ease. Even though the game has its downsides (of which some are utterly frustrating), Just Cause 3 overall is immensely enjoyable."
,Recommended,225540,27202865,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mr.KOKO,"Очень хорошая игра , я потек ....."
,Recommended,225540,28407891,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,SpaceMafia,"*Non-spoiler Review Ahead!*Well, first of all, there ain't much to be spoiled in this game coz' the story is one normal liberate-the-place-by-blasting-things-to-the-core kinda storyline but the fun time spent in the gameplay is unlimited. Total stress-freeing game like my friend told me ( @NovaSparkx ). This is one game i've had fun with compared to very few games.Also the graphics is on another level. Square Enix made the game engine support lower powered GPU like laptop GPUs.DOPE AF"
76561198170955655,Recommended,225540,34649584,Posted: 31 August,all,b2y_we,very nice game
76561198369922406,Recommended,225540,34718079,Posted: 3 September,all,OAKTREE,amazing game cant get egnough of it
76561198332639712,Recommended,225540,34372755,Posted: 20 August,all,sapirgamer,i love this game so much buy ittt
,Recommended,225540,34387917,Posted: 20 August,all,Mr. A.J. Naz,"Fun so far, looks great, feels great. I got it on sale so not really worried. My graphics is 2gigs, I recomend 4 gigs if you wanna stay at 60fps or higher in this game."
,Recommended,225540,34408304,Posted: 21 August,all,Element,"The addition of the wingsuit to this long running open world series has been a game-changer. I can't imagine a version of the game without it and it's a very efficient way to travel. The map is huge, the colors and graphics are beautiful, and the vehicle and weapon variety is great. Lots of characters come back as well as new ones being introduced and they're all great. I'll be honest though, I flew through the game and was really invested in it but I don't even know what the story was about. It's very unmemorable. But as always, the open-world is very large and the explosions are great."
,Recommended,225540,34448394,Posted: 23 August,all,LegionofBullets,"The best open-world playground around!There are various challenges and encounters to come across on the very large map. The rest of the time you will be destroying objects and blowing things up in order to liberate the various towns, cities and bases scattered about.Then there is the storyline that serves only to give Rico a reason to blow the next thing up.Once you get the DLC for this game though.....Wow.... The jetpack wingsuit turns you into IronMan and the Mech is a machine of pure distruction.TL:DR Great Open world with some of the most fun toys available to wreck havoc."
,Recommended,225540,34488619,Posted: 25 August,all,Johnny Al Assad Hussein Bravo,If you liked Red Faction Guerilla you will like this.
76561197993347307,Recommended,225540,34561425,Posted: 28 August,all,odmonkg,"Gorgeous scenery, rollicking wingsuit, more than adequate story, and multiple ways to play with lots of deft touches (just walk around and listen to NPCs, hilarious). Lower end machines may have issues, see internet for useful tweaks."
,Recommended,225540,34642201,Posted: 31 August,all,a rat like being (generic rat),10/10 WOULD optimise again
76561198075532378,Recommended,225540,34642987,Posted: 31 August,all,Nick,"Good for relaxation-Not strong Campaing, but you don't need that because you have MASSIVE open world destruction where you can do literally everything...-i'd recommend buying dlc's too because i adds funny improvements to open world not just couple of missions.-Very good details, physics.(not talking about parachute and wingsuit... you can't talk about physics there :D) 8/10 (my opinion)"
76561198086860104,Recommended,225540,34651340,Posted: 31 August,all,Alex,"This game is fun with DLC, i kill everything with my lighting gun.but doing all this ""liberation"" gets boring fast...and the physics in this game is a little weird.I just finished the story and uninstalled6/10"
,Recommended,225540,21626983,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,tf2sfmbro,IT'S COOL
,Not Recommended,225540,19514341,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Shadow,"I tried to play it was so laggy that it took me 30 minutes to get past the tutorial. Then it crashed as soon as I used my Parachute.Well I don't recommend this game. Until they patch it. Could be after Christmas. could be next week, could be tomorrow."
,Recommended,225540,20412794,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Alecus,"I've seen many people saying they have frame rate issues and stuff, I have none. Then again, I have a pretty good gaming PC.Onto the real review:Explosions are goodGreat mapI have 60+ hours on this game, and 80% of that time is just blowing random stuff up and stealing cars.It's fun. That's the bottom line.Thx for reading lol"
,Recommended,225540,34940286,Posted: 13 September,all,Fox_504,"Played 3 minutes, the game was loading so I went to go get a sandwitch, came back, the game was still loading.I now have over 80 minutes on the game."
76561198025060621,Recommended,225540,29914427,Posted: 13 February,all,Use the Force Harry - Gandalf,"This game is what happens when gamers design games, not accountant. They took all of the best features of JC2 and made them better. From flight mechanics now having proper roll/yaw to the amazing wingsuit.Two biggest Pros for me:-Wingsuit!-Proper roll/yaw in flight controlsTwo biggest Cons for me:-I felt like the map in JC2 was better flushed out with many more different kinds of terrain. There's no major city in JC3. It's all more or less the same mediterranean terrain, with a little bit of snowy mountain thrown in.-Motorcycle handling is terrible. It's nearly impossible to drive a dirt bike offroad."
,Recommended,225540,33349329,Posted: 7 July,all,Kaua'i 'ō'ō,"Graphics are good, but at 4k even a GTX 1080 Ti FE can't reach 60fps at ultra settings. The average fps was around 30-35fps. Nevertheless Just Cause 3 is still fun to play, but it gets repetitive after taking back several areas. Out of 10, I'd give it a 6.9 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
76561198059574319,Recommended,225540,24381450,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,punk,"eh, love it or hate, its fun"
76561198162819850,Recommended,225540,23943543,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Grumpy Old Irish Man,"If the complexity of ""BioShock Infinite"", the heartfelt emotion of ""The Last of Us"", and the gameplay of ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" all had a perfect love child...Just Cause 3 would probably blow it up."
76561198051045393,Recommended,225540,24177698,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Betty Fucking White,Just Crash 3. 5/11 Rusty buckets.
76561198013494312,Recommended,225540,24389786,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jakobb,"Why am I not able to post reviews? I hit the post review button, it says ""Recommend or no?"" I click YES, and it .... does nothingIs it the lacklustre story? That is certainly part of it. Medici, which is basically just mountains and Mediterranean fields, also lacks the same wide diversity of jungle to deserts to archipelago as Panau and therefore interest. But, I think the primary reason is that despite being technically far superior and having a lot of things to do side mission-wise, and despite, I would imagine, a similar-sized map (though, it seems, a LOT more water) this game is less interesting because there is a distinct DEARTH of villages, people, cultures, activity ... LIFE!! JC2 was ABOUNDING in life, and almost every village was another place to take back from the dictatorship. By contrast, Medici consists of a bunch of coastal cities and half of the country depopulated and filled with military bases. It gets dull liberating all those bases. I know that sounds trivial, but it was why I spent 200 hours playing through that game the first time (only 66 this time, and more is doubtful). I was having an absolute blast liberating all those snow-top Tibetan villages, or those Indonesian island ones, or the ones with the huge Buddhist temples. No two seemed alike, and it was fun. Secondly, the three factions were silly cliches but they worked, they were diverse and their storylines were interesting. And the final mission was a bizarro-world blast of silliness. JC3 by comparison had a complete dud of a final boss-fight, and a lead-up that lacked. Sure, the battle missions were new and fun, but... While I think Avalanche Studios must have lost a creative writer between JC2 and 3, and it shows, maybe they listened too much to the kids now on forums saying JC2 was ""boring"" because it was too big and long. Maybe Avalanche decided to take the wrong advice from the internet. Wouldn't be the first time a game series has been ruined by focus groups -- aye, Infinity Ward? Or maybe a giant Italy isn't remotely as interesting as a giant South-East Asia. Either way, though it should have been more fun, being technically superior and having a lot more gameplay elements, it just... wasn't. That said, JC2 was a 5-star leviathan. That JC3 gets 3.5 stars and a thumbs-up isn't bad. Just... I hoped for lightning to strike twice."
,Recommended,225540,20331840,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Pretty good,HECK YES
76561198069592602,Recommended,225540,19992679,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Retpelk,Gets game two days ago. Plays game for 26 consecutive hours.Game crashes.10/10 Will soap box car out of a flying cargo plane again.
76561198053620267,Recommended,225540,20334119,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Raxatos,Awesome...just everything explodes
76561198027501024,Recommended,225540,23867169,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ShadowKz3,"After reading other reviews about this game, i wasn't sure if i should buy it or not, but i took a risk!Glad i did. runs perfect on my system.i7 4790kmsi Z97m MBmsi gtx 760 2Gb Vram x2 SLI16Gb ramWhat a game! I spent many hours on Just Cause 2, and i can see alot of hours going into this aswell!if i do get any FPS drops or stuttering, i will update."
76561198191697565,Recommended,225540,24211318,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,OBCTGamer,best game ever!!!im not sure why many people are having problems with the game as it runs finethere are many bugs but none actually cause major issues to the gameplayi definately recomend the game to any one who hasnt yet tried it
76561198077857574,Recommended,225540,24393573,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,RadioactV_Cola,it knows it's a hyped up clusterfruck video game and it's proudpoints for map - 10points for story - 1points for wingsuit - 8points for ridiculous moments - 15points for explosions - 10sins for the overall problem with PC compatabuility - 15sins for bugs - 10sins for driving and AI - 5sins for fishing out DLCS - 59/10this game is worth £25the dlc is worth £5 each
,Recommended,225540,35198012,Posted: 25 September,all,The Grand Canyon,Story is irrelevant. The gameplay is a lot of fun. I play this game while listening to podcasts and i've thoroughly enjoyed my time so far
,Recommended,225540,27028163,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[SJW] Illic v2.30,games sick.... that is all. get it.
76561198077042395,Not Recommended,225540,28582427,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Maniac,This is avery good game with agood poentioal but after 6-7 hour of gaming my computer crashed and the save file disapeared .....As i know now it will back again and again ....just dont know why i bout that unfinished game
,Recommended,225540,27768609,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,YAR Oracool,there is only one word to describe this game. AWSOME. it's one of the most thrilling games I've played.
76561198050148822,Not Recommended,225540,20337615,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,upsetkiller,"Pethetic excuse of a game , and a insult to pc as well as console gamers16gb ram just to eliminate sutter ? for this POS ? ♥♥♥♥ you square enix and ♥♥♥♥ you all those that rush unfinished games .unless we get patches improving performance significantly my review will stay negative for these ♥♥♥♥♥uckers-99999999 / 10"
76561198249696748,Recommended,225540,35462565,Posted: 3 October,all,Titan,nice game
,Recommended,225540,24801327,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,moinriv,reallly reallly reallly reallly reallly reallly reallly reallly reallly reallly reallly reallly REALLLLY GOOD :)
,Recommended,225540,30801868,Posted: 28 March,all,Sushi the Cat,Love the game Just do whatever you want First game I Have Ever played non stop LOTS OF BIG BOOM BOOMS (also known as explosions)☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺
76561198149315596,Not Recommended,225540,30809426,Posted: 29 March,all,Grievous,3 saat oynamadan sonra açmak bile istemeyecekisiniz. Emin olun.
76561198093155550,Recommended,225540,30816952,Posted: 29 March,all,smileyc,"A good game, but I would not pay $60 for it. The story is nothing special, and sometimes the mechanics are a little wierd. I would recomend buying it on sale."
,Recommended,225540,30825729,Posted: 29 March,all,MagicTurtle_7,Good game it is fun
,Recommended,225540,30820483,Posted: 29 March,all,TheMaverick1357 | farmskins.com,"Fun, explosive and no physics, what could go wrong?"
76561198057556638,Recommended,225540,28413227,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dawso,"THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING UNBEARABLE. yes the gameplay is awesome and i love just cause series. but honestly the frustration you feel playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥is balls. i'm either screwing up missions because of camera glitches or because the game crashes. i've tried every fix possible (not that i should have to) and none work. i can see why i got this for only $14. don't waste your time. or at least wait for this to be fixed. i doubt it will be thoughUpdate.after finally getting the game to work ok (still crashes every now and then) i have actually been able to enjoy the game a bit more. I'm still tossed wether to give this a good or bad rating. the game itself is absolutely stunning and soooo much fun. i haven't been into a decent game in a while and this is the first in a while. Some of the glitches are quite annoying and sutff gameplay. I'll give it a good review just purely because even though it was a ♥♥♥♥ around to get it to work, i am still enjoying it."
,Recommended,225540,19407165,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DaDrunkenVingman,"Only Complain I have is that on my computer it runs kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥, 40 FPS on high. I got a GTX 970, so yeah."
76561198006656194,Not Recommended,225540,30022547,Posted: 18 February,all,mal_king,Picked this up on sale. Turns out to have a lot of bugs that haven't been addressed. The worse being it kills your wireless Xbox One controller if you start the game whilst it is turned on. Apears that this was identified some time ago yet the developer has done nothing to adress the issue. Also states system memory low and have had random crashes. Shame cause this would be fun if the issues were fixed. Will stick with it a little longer but this is looking to be my first Steam refund.
76561197990110356,Recommended,225540,28890126,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Argent,Good Game!
76561198339062400,Recommended,225540,28893817,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dody Pascal,Loved This Game
,Not Recommended,225540,30067137,Posted: 20 February,all,King Of Pilots,"Imagine you played 20 hours, imagine those 20 hours are the result of 6 months of using your precious free time between family and work. And now imagine that the last savegame went up in smoke because the game mysteriously said so.How should I feel? I feel cheated out of 20 goddamn hours of my existence. I got cheated of 6 months worth of gaming, all because these clowns couldn't make a SAVEGAME system that WORKS. I never had lot so much progress in any game i played (and i am fan of a game series known for its....quirkiness and bugginess). If they had a decent bone in their bodies the devs would at least acknowledge the problem and fix it. but instead they stay quiet...AND MAKE A GODDAM 9 EURO MOD TO INTRODUCE A WOOPING SINGLE NEW VEHICLE.You want my opinion? go burn your money, it's a better way to use it than give it to these lazy devs."
,Recommended,225540,28735535,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Lost Systems,"I played for 20 minutes and I was already hooked, great storyline, great open world.Only problem is FPS drops that occur infrequently(maybe because of my current graphics card), other than the drops I get easy 60 FPS.Pros:-Great Storyline-Big Map-Fun Missions-New way to take Settlements-Great Characters-Bavarium Shielding-Wingsuit-Mario FrigoCons:-Driving/Flying/Boating handling is hard-FPS Drops-Di Ravello, total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥All in All, Recommended.... And Rico gained some weight."
,Not Recommended,225540,19407768,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Luke,"I don't think i've had this much fun blowing stuff up in any other game before.EDIT: I suggest you wait a bit longer for more update's to release before you purchase this game, my game is still crashing every single time I ALT+TAB, and loading time's can be up to 5 minutes. :("
,Recommended,225540,35495641,Posted: 5 October,all,Predator CZ,"I have a few problems here, whinch I will refer to.When I compare this game to its predecesor (Just Cause 2), I see lots of things that are missing.World is much emptier and I dare to say its close to dead, there are only few locations compared to JC2, between them is just dead zone where nothing happens at all. Biomes are here, but non-relevant, in JC2 in every biom you could see diverse cities, not here. Quests are not present here, only story missions. Comparing Citate Di Ravello to Panau city is joke, bad joke.So circa: Just Cause 2 is more diverse, more alive, there are more missions to do, much more locations, more playtime.Only thing that surpasses JC2 is graphics, PBR rendering looks nice, terrain is upgraded and I dare to say that they use voxel terrains since they can do horizontal mapping asweel, and its something that looks really nice.Challanges now have purpose, so when you successfully finish challange you get certain ammout of gears so you can upgrade your character.Some new gameplay features and secrets are really fun aswell.Now the bad part.I dare to say that this game is gigantic Bloatware, this game have over 50MB of disc space, it could have 20GB, why?This game ships with all languages baked in game, so audio files for for all of them eats really lots of space. Now the next part is that the engine reuses assets for each location on map so its stacked up with duplicates (althrough textures are not duplicated, whinch would be impossible to dowload this game after all).But after all, the fun factor is here. Game can be done within 35 hours with all collectibles whinch is shame compared to Just Cause 2."
,Recommended,225540,28356515,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ICE COLD,"awesome game but bad optimizartion and fps drops here and there.But there r many thing to do:1. liberate outposts,towns,police staation turned into outposts2. Wreck havoc3. Blow everythingBut Story SucksCOnclusion: Aworth try if you like shoot em up type games ."
76561198175581087,Recommended,225540,19436622,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Bloos man,"I have a moderate system. i7-4510U 2.6ghz- 4 gig nvidia gtx 850m and 16 gig ram-Hp Envy. The game set itself to very high settings. The only thing I turned off was motion blur and vsync. The game looks beautiful and plays great. During cutscenes lip syncing can go off and the servers tend to drop, which is a minor annoyance since there really is no good reason to have to be logged into EA servers. Although Nvidia Geforce experience tells me that I don't meet the minimum requirements to play the game (which by the way is a joke), Just Cause 3 plays great, even on this humble little laptop. There is a patch for the game, hopefully this fixed things for people who were having difficulty playing."
76561198157058515,Recommended,225540,24154962,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TorbacıHüseyin,"THIS GAME IS AWESOMEMap is huge and awesomeGliding,parachuting,exploding and everything is awesomeA lot of people says bad optimization it is not that bad and i saw sonr guys has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ systems and says fix the game stupits.but yeah you need a nice system i need to say,i have a nice system i can run game in ultra without problems 60fpsBuy it(with a nice system)"
,Not Recommended,225540,19429048,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Frostღ,"Probably going to get a lot of hate for this :) But.. Whatever ;)Just to start.. JC2 had a minimap, health bars, sprint, fast travel, semi good driving, solid fps, cool story but it was clunky and everyone waited JC3 to be the great savior that Dying Light was to Dead Island... but instead we got this umm.. umm.. game?Why would they remove them the games most important stuff and make it feel like a badly made ps2 game :)I dont rly have much to say else then this game is a total downgrade from it's predecessor....... hard to believe this they have been working on for 6 years. I guess i should start making games too if you get payed for doing practically nothing =)"
76561198057735188,Recommended,225540,19401819,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Vengeance,Runs great so far. The water looks amazing..just look at it!The driving is a bit stiff tho.
,Not Recommended,225540,28728957,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Corvo,Poorly optimized
76561198101493594,Not Recommended,225540,19768033,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Lil Skrt,"""Broken......DONT BUY THIS!"" - December 18th 2015April 4th 2015Do I like this game? Yes I do, It's quite enoyable and the set pieces and explosions are awesome, will at least for the first 10 hours or so they are. This game is extremly repative, tasking you to capture hundreds of bases over and over again on the 3 lifeless islands of the game."
,Not Recommended,225540,22281333,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Slafk,Just Lag 3
,Recommended,225540,19416747,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,DeathByToast,"Ah, Just Cause, the sweet, sweet inbred love child of GTA and Demolition Simulator 2015, delivered by Bichael May. This time with a wingsuit!This game has everything you loved from Just Cause 2, and them some other wonky things that you may or may not like.It runs kinda meh on my GTX 770, but it's mostly playable on medium graphics settings.Planted rockets on a cow and watched it fly into the distance then explode.8.9/10EDIT: Turned ♥♥♥♥ing vsync off and now my game runs at a smooth 60 fps on high settings.9.5/10"
76561198029521001,Recommended,225540,19441249,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Toffee Reggin,"I flew up high in a Heli, bailed out and fell through the sky, little did the Heli know it was holding 4 loads of C4, it fell and went boom, landing straight on a train and killing two deer as the train also went kaboom. ONLY IN JC3!"
,Recommended,225540,19411474,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,KappaKush,Michael Bay simulator9/11I recommend
76561198025910333,Recommended,225540,19512186,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Streven,"I'm really loving the game. Hands down an improvement in almost every way over the last one. Grapple, parachute, wingsuit, explosions...much fun."
,Recommended,225540,19444840,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,AMZ,Very good!Also no problems if you have NVIDIA CARDS
,Recommended,225540,25437425,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Arash,"I love this game, many people say they have problems but I haven't experienced any ,except a little lag time to time, and so be caution before buying.As we speak they are trying to update the game and fix the bugs.This game is open world and you can destroy almost everything and blow it up, it is simply GTA with Drugs.Overall it worked great for me and it was awesome."
76561197992906072,Not Recommended,225540,19484779,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,KraggleWulf,"I expected better of this game, I preordered like 8 months ago... There is no sprint there is no crouch, there is no taking of cover in a fashion of most games to date, the combat got worse the only weapons that get a increased zoom is sniper rifles. The driving is still terrible as 2... I can't believe I paid 87$ for all this♥♥♥♥♥♥Its a beautiful game but with the way it stands if you really want this Title  Wait till sits on sale for uinder 30$... I expected so much more improvment in this IP and it went backwards."
,Not Recommended,225540,19426207,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Toasteddude,"Poor performance, no save game slots, no option to opt out of leaderboard server connection (aka Offline mode), not a finished game."
76561198018219657,Not Recommended,225540,19506414,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,niwas981,"Don't get me wrong. First  of all I'll say The game is immence pack of joy to play. But it is fun intill it crash or lags.  I think they should have ironed out issues a abit before launch. I can't play more than 10 mins . I have been frustrated to the point that i have stopped playing it for 2 days. It's just no use. At one moment you are having blast blowing things up  and second  moment youa re at desktop having put up crash error in your face.Its not only that. Unless you have ridicuulously overpowering machine ,youare going to have really hard time running this game smoothly. The game will still give you stutters even though you reduce graphics settings.Don't buy  this untill it is fixed as we don't want batman ak scene repeating again, We want devs attention and this is how we will get their attention.  As soon as this game is fixed ,buy it immidiately as its hell of fun to play. Can't wait for patch :P"
,Recommended,225540,32697761,Posted: 23 June,all,Quantum Memester,"I have seen alot of reviews for this game complaining about the story or crashes. This game does have a simple story that is cliche but thats the point, it is trying to be a cliche action movie type game. It has amazing and creative ways to destroy the bases, and yes while  its sometimes is repetetive you can come up with your own games to make new ways to obliterate your foes. As for the crashes, i have never experienced this and i have a somewhat midranged pc with an AMD fx8350 and 1060."
,Not Recommended,225540,19759356,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,epik,"I tried to enjoy it as much as any consumer and an adrenaline junkie would do. Unfortunately, Just Cause 3 lacks the features and content to truly explore Medici as intended by the developers. Endless repetition that would drivel on througout the game with barely minimum reward to compensate for your effort. Atrocious sandbox game that feels very linear because of the limitations of the player's actions. Not recommended for those who truly seek more than glorified explosions and chaotic mayhem."
,Not Recommended,225540,19753891,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Matthew L.,I don't suggest you buy this game not because of graphic reasons (which is still a problem) but just because in my opinion it isn't fun. I immedialty refunded this game as soon as I realized it wasn't all that great.
,Not Recommended,225540,19403119,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,BlackScout,"At this state? Day one. It's a painful experience of lag.Might update it later if it gets fixed.EDIT 07/12/2015While they still don't patch, I'm having fun with the game...The only way to play without massive stutters was to reduce textures to Low Quality and disable most effects...Game is pretty fun, loads of explosions, particles and crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥happening in real time, guaranteed fun for countless hours.I just can't recommend it yet. This needs a patch.EDIT 13/01/2016Patches did not help anything, still performs horribly bad. '-'EDIT 16/08/2016It still doesn't run as expected, albeit a bit better... I wouldn't recommend buying it if your specs are worse than a 3rd Generation Core i3 and a 750 Ti + 8GB of RAM."
,Not Recommended,225540,21621739,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Shadow Blazer,"Pro'sBig explosions.Big map to explore.Lots of comedy to be had with the grapple.ConsNo story.No sprint or a way to run faster.The map might be big with plenty of things to see and explore but it is completely lifeless.No patch support (consoles get patches before pc does and even then when we do get a patch it never is for OUR issues.)Developer is in the habit of lying when they will release anything (delayed the first dlc an hour before release after they put out an official announcement, that it would release, with no reason given to why the sudden delay. same thing happened to the patch we have been waiting 4 ♥♥♥♥ing months for.)Random luck if your pc, which may meet the requirements, will even work properly because they refuse to patch this game.If anyone posts a comment to defend this behavior, you are part of the problem as to why this game is in the mess that it is currently in."
76561198027228177,Not Recommended,225540,22625399,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Forgotten of Tarawa,If it dips anywhere below 60 FPS on my R9 270 it immediatly starts stuttering. which is utterly infuriating and rage inducing. i spent 120 dollers (australian) to get the XL edition. And i cant bloody well play it. Its maddening im gonna have to wait till its fully patched and even then if its not i will never buy from square enix again
76561198139895358,Not Recommended,225540,19418081,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Tyler the Autistic,Can't even play the game. Everytime I start it it crashes before the window even pops up. Reinstalling dosn't work. Hope they fix this soon.
,Recommended,225540,19524755,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,DarthSaberize,i love this game
76561198077064536,Not Recommended,225540,25912199,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Distorte,"This game to me seemed very auful unless you are 2 years old, the story is aweful and the only thing you do is blow things up for no apparent reason. The graphics are buggy and easily drop below 40 on a 980ti do not buy"
,Recommended,225540,19507896,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,JDOTBRO,"This game to me feels like GTA meets Far cry and uncharted. Explosions are wonderful and driving/flying is good enough. Graphics are gorgeous and frame rates are smooth. I get 50+ fps constant on Max settings on a gtx 770 4gb, 12 gigs ram and i5 at 3.6ghz. Much fun to be had with this one 8/10"
,Recommended,225540,19441832,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,OneManArmy,"An amazing game with amazing graphics, amazing gameplay, amazing explosions, amazing side stuff and amazing glitches. However, I don't think it lived up to the hype that Nerd³ portrayed it to be but still, a very very fun game with a lot to do.8.5/10"
,Recommended,225540,20400561,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TheSwagLlamaaa,"cheeky game reviewsynopsisyou play as rico rodriguez, a man working for a spy agency. in previous games, you have been sent to different places to take down evil dictators and crumple criminals. but now, you go back to your birth place of medici: a beautiful tropical island. there you meet with some old friends from before you left. you find the rebellion: a group of people working to overcome the evil dictator General Di Ravello. Di Ravello has taken over medici and see's global domination as his ultimate goal. In jc3, you must crumple Di Ravello's forces and tear down his empire. take back Medici and return it to the paradise it was before.on releasethis game was not finished. well, sort of. it was poorly optimised for amd GPU's, a problem which avalanche should have adressed earlier. there would be problems like performance issues and (for me especially) the world would not load. there would be huge chunks missings out of the landscaspe. big, triangular holes in the ground which only appeared when going near to it. view my screenshots for a cheeky look at what im on aboutnowafter about 3 weeks of being out, amd released a new graphics driver which fixed all the problems, there was no glitches or missing landscape, it was finally what it was designed to be: a beautiful landscape.pro's+HUGE open world to explorethis world is 1000km squared in total (400 miles) which makes it bigger than gta V and even the witcher 3.+colourful, beautiful landscape, sky and water (no 4k grass blades volvo plz fix)the landscape is so vibrant and alive, the colours are bright and sharp+even more destruction than last timelet's be honest, jc2 was not really that destructible. you could take down water tanks and whatnot but they all fell the same way. it was kinda repetitive. but on jc3, there is an all knew physics engine which makes it AWESOME. each destructible object is built up of many different smaller objects.if you crash a plane, it will fall apart and all the pieces won't sit there and disappear after 5 seconds, they will be proper physics objects that you can move around and tether to other things. when you bomb a radio tower, it will start to slowly tumble in any direction, every little bit, every little piece of metallic doom will fall apart when it hits the ground and the whole thing will result in another explosion. there are a lot of things you can blow up this time. walls, guard towers, giant masts, sunflowers, bus stops and A LOT more.+the grapple hookin jc2, it was not that good. you could take yourself over to another place with it or pull an enemy back a little but that was it. this one is new and improved. for one, it is stronger so if you attatch someone to a building they won't fall back down again after 4 seconds. there are up to six tethers (grapple attatchments) this time so you can attatch multiple things to multiple other things. you can make a conga line of civillians on the back of your car or under your helicopter. you can steal a plane by attatching it under your helicopter and flying off. you can steal people. it's glorious. my favourite grapple feature (of course) is the retract feature. when you have a tether, this tightens the it, forcing it to get smaller, forcing the two things on either end to come together. you can do amazing things with this. human catapults, crucifixions..... wait what? yeah, this does lead to very evil intentions. stretching an npc's limbs until he dies (luckily theres not dismemberment). with the retract feature, you can down structures and make them fall on people. also touching down on the destruction and physics category, you can pull down guard towers and, as said before, they are made up of pieces of metal so it will just completely fall into a pile of rubbish (before exploding). and also, if you grapple an npc or animal, you go flying towards them and drop kick them (""you can drop kick a cow GOTY 2025"")+wingsuitthis is new with jc3 and is a very nice feature indeed. yes, it is hard at first but once you use it for a while, you will get used to it and become some kind of epic global elite ninja (VOLVO PLZ NERF). if mastered, you can go very fast with this thing and makes travelling very nice and easy (EZ PZ). vehicles are so overrated.+mariothis guy is pure banter+unlimited c4you don't have to worry about how many bomb you have (apart from grenades) because c4 is unlimited now! you start off being able to plant up to 3 bombs at a time but can go up to 5 (i think). once exploded, you can just plant another set BOOM........ done (pardon the pun)+jc3 mp coming soonthat's right, they're back. the beasts who made jc2 multiplayer are working on it now and i reckon it won't be long. imagine being on a bridge when suddenly, it starts to fall down, and you die. i played jc2 mp for about 25 hours and i loved it. you could hundreds of players in one server which was amazing but there were no npc's. imagine there being npc's in jc3 mp and everyone using their tether to make the BIGGEST conga line ever to have existed.+new liberationin jc2, it was annoying to take over places but now, theres all new task to take over places like killing the base general, disabling the security or missile system etc. although towns are kinda all the same (more below), the army bases are all unique in design and are fun to destroy.+challengesthere are various challenges whether it's driving, shooting, wingsuiting or flying a plane. most of them are just time trials where you go through checkpoints but other are where you must destroy as much as possible or whatever. they are quite fun to do. by doing challenges, you get gears. the better you do, the more you get (up to 5 available in a challenge). these gars unlock 'gear mods' which are modifications to things like cars, planes, boats, explosives, guns, wingsuit, grapple hook. modifications are little things like more grapple tethers, upping the max c4 in one plant, having nitro on vehicles, wider blast radius on grenades etc.con's-some boring missionsa few of the missions kind of drag on a little bit. just the same old 'ride on a car and take out enemy's following'. you know the drill.-repetitive takeoversliberating a base or town gets repetitive because most of the time, it's just the same thing. blow up some statues, destroy a gas tank and whatever. of course, some places will have different things like not every town will have a gas station and now every town will have a statue but its all the same really. it is fun to blow up stuff thought as (as i said earlier), the physics make all explosions unpredictable.all in allall in all, i recommend this game to anyone who likes destruction, open worlds and unpredictable, random and funny physics. it's a good investment and will keep you entertained for hours on end. do not get if you have a low end pc or potato. i have a mid-range pc (specs on profile) that can run at the lowest settings (stupid websites said high). so of course, do not pre-order games and don't believe sites like can you run it. the hype overcame me and forced me to pre-order so take it from personal experience: don't do it.for more cheeky game reviews, check my profile"
76561197976590996,Not Recommended,225540,20001436,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,merlota,"Here it is a year later and the leaderbord is still an issue.  Unless you like playing games with twitter feeds scrolling in a corner of the screen don't obther with this one.except...Through the tutorial it continued (twice) to pause the game as it lost connection to the leaderboard servers...  Seriously, the action game will stop and popup a window because their servers are being slow.Log back in the next day (I use Log In specifically because you must log in to the leaderboards) and am hit by a scrolling pile of crap ""XYZ beat the piddly record you got during the tutorial.""   No way to turn that off and they just kept scrolling and scrolling.  I'm trying to blow some♥♥♥♥♥♥up while a twitter feed is in the bottom right coner of the screen.The leaderboard is crippling this game and I would not recommend buying until they add an option to COMPLETELY turn it off.  Now I'm off to screw with windows firewall settings and attempt to shut it down that way.final editNo, don't buy this POS.  I wouldn't play it if it was free.  Last try at logging in, ""xXThrillSeekerXx beat your high flying record 1 year ago""   No way to turn that♥♥♥♥♥♥off.  Obviously never going to be a way to.Unless you are obsessed with leaderboards to the point of wanting the twitter feed of them in game, this is not for you."
,Not Recommended,225540,19514464,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,『Sublyme』,"Let me just get this review started by saying I'm an Intel and NVIDIA user.This game is SO disappointing. SOOOO many features from Just Cause 2 are gone...some of those features would've made this game amazing. The loading time to the main menu is absolutely awful. Sure, they're doing the start-menu-is-actually-in-game thing, but it was unnecessary. They sacrificed good load times for a mechanic that was not needed at all.The wingsuit is pretty ok, just a bit glitchy and rough around the edges.Next: It runs AWFUL. I had to set all of the settings to low and it still runs at 20-30 FPS. I have a high powered machine and let no expense go to waste building it. The game defaulted to high, and ran just as bad even then.Sure, I'll still play it, but it's just extremely disappointing. It could've been so much better...ALSO NO MULTI-PLAYER! WHAT IS THIS?! NOT EVEN A CO-OP."
,Recommended,225540,28431524,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Steve,Good GameNegative reviews are from people with wood PCs
76561198120522404,Not Recommended,225540,23823275,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hinata4lifebro,How do you demand a refund of a game?
76561198017198020,Recommended,225540,24964328,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Beefsquatch,Wingsuit + Grapple. Thats alone is reason enough to play this game
,Not Recommended,225540,19419256,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,devsaider,"♥♥♥♥♥perfomance, lags and bugs"
,Not Recommended,225540,19404104,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,wesj.109,"THIS IS NOT BASED ON THE GAME ITSLEF DUE TO HORRIBLE PERFORMANCE.As of release this game is nearly unplayable with my gtx 770 OC 4gb of gddr5 ram, i5-4670k with 8 gb ddr3 ramFor some reason Avalanche and Square enix thought it was a good idea to make the game swith dramatically between 30 fps and 60 fps, with V-Sync off i achieve a somewhat consistent 40-50 fps on MEDIUM settings, and when V-Sync is enabled the game primarily runs at 30 fps which is unplayable due to the constant random switching between 60 and 30, on top of that the game isn't good looking by any means! it has a horrible overshapening effect which destroys the smooth edges even with AA maxed out!!! otherwise this game looks like it will be fun! ONCE AND IF they fix these issues"
,Not Recommended,225540,24998434,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Incognito,Terrible performance on GTX 970.
,Recommended,225540,19999004,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TTaiiLs,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥some NPC asked for my autograph10/10
,Recommended,225540,19402436,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,KATPHIST,"Should be working on Enlish Comp research paper due this week, playing Just Cause instead >:). Great game so far.It runs decent on a fx 6300 with a 750 ti. (25-30 fps on med-high; 30-60 fps on low, 45 avg. This is on 1366 x 768). Will probably look into a gtx 970 in the future."
76561198125005556,Recommended,225540,23034110,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,[A.F.u.G.] Verschimmeltes Brot,11/10Would Michael Bay again.
,Not Recommended,225540,19945314,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Sonneillon,"This game makes me sad as it had such great potential but is so flawed I can't recommend the game to anyone.  It also makes me sad that I can't play the game I paid for but then again when was the last AAA game that came out on the PC you could play on release?I have a Windows 10 machine with a i7-2600K, 8GB of RAM, a GTX 970, and 1TB SSD drive yet the game is basically unplayable for me.  I'm not saying I have the greatest gaming rig out there but I'm not trying to play at 4K resolution (1900X1200) so I would think I should be able to get at least a smooth 30fps.  Do I?  Well some times.  Other times the game is so slow the sound stutters, graphics start messing up, and I can't do anything for a little while as the game tries to catch up.  Oh and don't even get me started on the load times.  If load times are this long and I'm using  a SSD then I'm afraid to ask what its like for who are using old school hard drives.The technicial issues have made it so I can't play the game and sure as heck can't do the annoying challanges since I can't properly control my character reliably enough to complete the challanges.   I say annoying challanges because serious who thinks its OK to lock functionality behind making someone replay the same race over and over again till they hit some arbitrary time that they decided is a good time?  Sounds more like the developers hate their audiance and want to artificially inflate the play time by making someone replay challanges over and over again trying to unlock abilities in the game. Add the technicial issues and the challanges are just a massive middle finger aimed at those of us who loyally have bought JC1, JC2, and JC3."
,Not Recommended,225540,20001086,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bat of Sealand,"Game wont run at 1080p, borders in full screen on nividia and intel hardware so its not just an AMD problem."
76561197970864071,Not Recommended,225540,19442528,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,TheGrizzle,"-GeForce GTX 690, i7-3770k, 16GB RAM, new Nvidia game ready drivers:I cannot get this game to run at a stable 35+ fps on any configuration of settings. With everything turned down, at a 1680x1050 resolution, as well as having the steam overlay disabled, I still cannot get this game to breach 45fps without staring at the floor or sky, and even then the game stutters terribly.  The fact that my performance only drops by around 10 fps on ultra-high settings is a sign that this game is horribly optimized for some rigs. I'm reluctant to play with game much more, so I can keep my refund options open should the coming patches fail to fix the game.I feel sorry for the people trying to run this with AMD cards (Crashes,Texture bugs, etc), I've been looking forward to this game since its announcment, but these performance issues are on par with arkham Knight's, good luck if you intend to buy anyway, because the game's performance appears to be a lottery at the moment."
,Not Recommended,225540,19461328,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Microsoft Visual Studio 2015™,"Worst FPS and Loading times to date on any PC game. NVidia GTX 950. Never had any issues with any other games. 16 FPS on average, 9 second periods of total freeze when moving more than 200 metres."
,Not Recommended,225540,28781904,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,Performing Online Login Simulator
,Not Recommended,225540,19832314,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Pu55,Is the best thing in gaming right now... unless you have an AMD GPU like me... in which case you can barely get about 15 fps... *sobs*
,Recommended,225540,19457688,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ALoulie,"Is there issues? - Simply, yes. BUT...95+% of the my game runs perfectly with rare drops of frame rates for small periods of time.I understand others may be having issues and I feel sorry for them but I have a feeling this is because the game doesn't scale well to other hardware as my GTX970 + 5820K + 16Gb RAM seems to be fine 95% of the time fully maxed put on settings.One thing I must say is that NVIDIA still hasn't got their act together as neither JC3 or GTA V can be run hard and for a long time with out crashes."
76561198253194452,Not Recommended,225540,31049153,Posted: 9 April,all,Ablazedbeeef (tf2 posters),"♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization, Practically unplayable at the end. (In case if you're wondering,  I'm on alienware"
,Recommended,225540,28875252,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Matt. M,This game is legit bro.
,Recommended,225540,19403341,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SoberInsomnia,"this game so far has no bugs for me, i think those with issues need to understand that pc is for advanced users. it could also be the hardware your using.solid 60 fps on max settings no screen tearing or any artifacts due to gpu glitching, so far this isnt close to a batman or assassins creed level bad egg. its a decent egg :0not as pretty as i thought it would be tho."
,Not Recommended,225540,19938137,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,erickline2004,game crashes everytimeive asked for a refunddont buy this game until they come out with a patch
,Not Recommended,225540,28943968,Posted: 2 January,all,RevySan,I bought this game becuase Just Cause 2 was FUN but not for long.. I expected more with this game but it's just a Reskin of Just Cause 2. Game is Garbage.
76561198008094010,Recommended,225540,20716227,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,A Serious Murry,this is literally the best game i have ever played. it is just so amazing all the stuff you can do with this game. even though my game runs badly with gtx 960 i know the team can fix it even if they dont i am willing to play the game with about 30 and lower fps.    BEST!GAME!EVER!
,Not Recommended,225540,21090006,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,s p o o k,if you have a computer thats under 2000 dollars dont buy this take it from the dank meme master
,Not Recommended,225540,21116973,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,JangoTheMango,"I'd EASILY reccomend this if the optimization was better, however i set it to NVIDIA's recommended settings, and the lag spikes and stuttering on any settings except low make it unplayable, FIX YOUR GAME AND I WILL LOVE THIS, its already fun, just without the lag. However i cannot reccomend this until it has been fixed, they say the will fix the optimization issues, but they seem to forget how bad one un-named game launch went. Its such a serious issue im suprised it hasn't been fixed yet."
76561198024313680,Not Recommended,225540,19541241,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Kuronekko reverse,"Well this is a real shame, I loved Just Cause 2 and I actually love the 'gameplay' I get in Just Cause 3, but that's all that I get from it as I can't enjoy the games stunning vistas, aside from the occasional glance at a fully rendered mountain, as my entire world is about 1/3rd rendered and the rest is just a see-through triangle mesh of horrors.Also we all know that a game breaking bug or two can happen on launch, but we really see just how much Square Enix/Avalanche care about the PC Market when they give you a mission to shoot down jets that go twice as fast as yours with homing missiles that can't lock on, clearly no one ever went past the halfway mark in the testing of a game both from it's initial developer and even the group that ported it over.Overall it's quite a dissapointment of a 'game' (with great prospects and potential assets mind) at launch and I wouldn't reccommend buying it till it drops price in the Summer Sale ... in 2017 maybe? Who knows if Enix actually cares that much though."
,Recommended,225540,19571265,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Pybromancer,"Just Cause 3.DRIVE AROUND, BLOW STUFF UP, KILL THINGS WOOOOOOO!... Woo?Here's how I spent some of my time, debatebly my best time on the game.I got a rebel car with a turret.I drove to one of my strongholds.I beeped.I got a crew of rebels.I shot stuff with them.One of them died on a bridge.I called in a suicide airstrike on it.I didn't break this game.It broke me."
,Recommended,225540,19406755,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Igor Bogdanoff,its fun
,Not Recommended,225540,28353167,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,lil tiddy,unoptimized trash
,Recommended,225540,28013754,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,eXcruciate,"TLDR: $15 during the autumn sale was a great price for a ton of fun and a game with some truly breathtaking visuals and effects, one of the best looking games I have ever seen. I was luckily able to bypass optimization issues with a powerful setup and minor tweaks. So don't risk it unless this is on sale, your pc is powerful and has Intel and Nvidia (have read bad things about JC3 + AMD & ATI) and also provided you don't mind a few crashes in a couple missions. Just remember that Square is #1 in continually barfing out horrible pc ports and they will never learn so even with a beast pc you are still taking a chance.Aside from some serious optimization issues you have probably already read about, this game is very fun. The graphics are outstanding as well as the effects. This is definitely one of the best looking games I have ever seen. Seeing things blowing up never gets old even if the game does get repetitive. Most games are repetitive anyway. The game looks fantastic with a nice mix of pastel and semi-bright colors. If you can play with SSAO on that is. With it off the game's textures aren't shadowed very well and it looks ugly. Trust me SSAO makes a huge difference. The only things I had to turn down were Global Illumination off and one other setting from very high to high, both of which I didn't notice a difference anyway. There is a nice graphics performance guide for anyone with a Nvidia card who might need it. Just google ""nvidia just cause 3"".I would avoid this game unless you have a powerful system so you can avoid optimization issues. I would have at the very least a gtx 900 series card, preferably a 970 for this game after looking at the nvidia Just Cause 3 performance guide (I have a 970) so that you can play with most options on so the game looks good. Also have at least 16gb of ram (I have 16) because I've heard it has issues with only 8gb. With some tweaking, I was able to get the game out of slow motion lag mode to now running at 60fps solid with only slowdown from big explosion combinations. There is also a problem with textures randomly flickering (not often but it reliably happens and is random) which I've read is a somewhat common issue and is particularly annoying.The game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of fun, but here are some things to remember before buying it, along with some other complaints I have ranging from mild to severe. I won't bother with individually listing the positives because the list would be as long as these cons and like I said already it's worth it for sure on sale at $15-20 for some really fun gameplay and some of the best graphics and effects there are.- Crashes hamper the game somewhat. It takes too long to restart/reload your game to have to deal with this kind of aggravation.- So far I've had 1 hard lock screen freeze crash forcing a manual pc restart. I can deal with 1 in 11 hours of play but hopefully it doesn't happen anymore.- It did happen again around the 20 hours mark twice during a mission. The D3D graphics driver stopped responding because of the game and CTD.- Serious optimization issues unless you have a powerful setup. I would go with Intel and Nvidia because that's what I have and with some minor tweaking I was able to avoid the serious problems that I have read about in other reviews.- Top half of the game map is extremely big but is mostly mountain terrain so getting around takes a long time until you unlock some towns/bases for fast travel. There is so much open mountain terrain though that it can still take a while to get to where you want.- Sometimes in combat the helicopter you are in will just be blown around like a piece of paper for apparantly no reason and you crash and die with no way to avoid it.- Sometimes alt+tabbing turns off fullscreen on its own and you have to switch it back with alt+enter.- When running over bumpy terrain or objects in a tank, the camera sickeningly swings up and down hard like the feeling you would get watching a camera strapped on a fixed position on the front of a vehicle. It is dizzying and gives me motion sickness and also makes it impossible to hit anything when firing a tank until you are on flat ground. The weird tank camera movement also makes turning the tanks cannon painfully slow.- Getting shot by a shotgun will stagger you for a solid 2-3 seconds. Why? No other guns do and no other games make you get staggered by shotguns. It feels more like a stupid glitch they forgot to remove than a valid game mechanic.- For some stupid reason, when you blow things up in a helicopter or tank you get bad frame rate dips. Fine, whatever, since it is ill advised to hijack a helicopter during a fight anyway since SAM sites that you can't see will just blow you out of the air immediately. Even if there's no SAM sites, any time that you do during combat, enemies don't care where you are so they will blow their own allied helicopters out of the sky to kill you as soon as you grapple to one before you can even get in it.- Pedestrians can knock you down with their cars and will do it often without hesitation so be careful around roads while fighting. While you are ragdolled down the enemy can kill you before you can get up.- The glide challenges are terrible because the wing glider controls horribly in them.- Other challenges can be far beyond aggravating as well, such as races when you sometimes unavoidably hit oncoming traffic, forcing a restart if you want at least 3/5 stars.- Wing glide and Air race challenges often put checkpoints very close to treetops/poles because they know people will slam into them and have to restart the race.- Cars are basically useless unless a challenge or mission requires it because you can pretty much fly around with parachute/wingsuit grapple boosting and helicopters.- A few cars handle way better than others, but most cars handle as bad if not worse than the cars in JC2.- Motorcycle handling is the worst I have ever seen in a game. Truly sickeningly bad. I dread motorcycle race challenges.- Tanks and combat helicopters explode too easily.- The ending is a lazy cop out- Other various game glitches ranging from minor to major, but mostly minor.7/10 too many stupid game glitches and/or designs to be any higher, plus the ending is a stupid lazy cop out."
76561198154444503,Not Recommended,225540,21674900,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Cap'n Pearl (AKA Garbage),"Right.OK.♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ Square Enix.Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ them.By all accounts, this game should be great. Everything looks great, everyone seems to have fun, my PC is more than powerful enough to run it etc. However, for some ♥♥♥♥ing reason, itHATESresolution settings. I have 40 minutes play time. I haven't had 1 second of gameplay.THOSE 40 MINUTES WERE TRYING TO FIX THE GODAWFUL RESOLUTION SETTINGS.For some ♥♥♥♥ing reason, fullscreen still isn't fullscreen. Resolutions are low res and random sizes. Nothing makes sense. I've used every ♥♥♥♥ing resolution and none of them work. It's ridiculous.DO NOT GET THIS GAME - 0/10If I ever fix the resolution, I will remove this sentence and say that people can get this. However, I will never remove the main bulk of this review because it is broken and people need to know about that."
,Not Recommended,225540,19416922,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,-H4T3,i would actually rate it when i can play it .Would change opinion if they cut the bugs and performance drops ! 1-2 fps for gtx 770 . GOOD Game
,Not Recommended,225540,19410228,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Skumby,"Massive performance issues, the controls are garbage, and the tutorials got wedged, preventing me from progressing. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,225540,25981610,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Elvindy,Pro :- Michael Bay (explosion)- Amazing Sound- Amazing Graphic- Better AI (better then JC2)Cons:- Bad story- Repetitive- Nothing to do- Bad upgrade system3/10 Buy at own risk
,Not Recommended,225540,19423783,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Inquisitioner,Crysis - 2015 Edition
,Recommended,225540,19402335,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Euro,Michael Bay the Game
76561198086816581,Recommended,225540,19407345,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TheLazyUndead,"I dont know y so much hate for this game that it crashes n all. Get ur♥♥♥♥♥♥together people, this game is awesome. m playing it on a laptop ie lenovo y50 with a 4 gb gtx 860m n it runs great at high settings. A must buy for JC fans."
76561197988209401,Not Recommended,225540,23049648,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Gainer .44,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is unplayable with mouse and keyboard!
,Not Recommended,225540,19463256,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,[buffyverse] zverofaust,"This game might be good, but it is currently overwhelmed by an obnoxious amount of always-on connection requirements to Avalanche's very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers, which are plagued by downtimes. And when Avalanche's servers go down, what happens? You can't play. Worse, even - you are frozen into a greyed-out screen as the game attempts to connect to the servers. You can't access the menus, you can't save, you can't even *QUIT THE GAME* without alt-f4ing or killing the process. This will last anywhere from 2 minutes to 10 minutes -- usually somewhere around 5. And it happens constantly.So, stay away from this game, at least until Avalanche fixes this embarassing fault. This is absolutely the last product I will ever buy from them."
,Not Recommended,225540,28350158,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,The Wolf,Meh. Good graphics. Poor performance.
76561198039506014,Not Recommended,225540,19409339,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,CheekiBreeki,"Updated drivers, all settings on low, lowest resolution possible...Buttery smooth 1fps.I got a more stable framerate from Arkham Knight for crying out loud and that game was a disaster.0/10 do not pass go do not collect $200"
76561198029637096,Not Recommended,225540,19415319,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Icedrake201,Very serious technical problems. Stay away for now :(
,Not Recommended,225540,19415912,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SilentEchoes,"First off, unfortunately, for me, the performance is absolutely atrocious, with huge stuttering (sub 30 pretty much constantly) on med-high settings, even with a GTX 980, i5-4670, 8GB RAM. The Gunplay is OK, not impressive, but not absolutely awful by any means. grappling, parachuting, and the wingsuit are all fantastic, and large improvements over JC2. The story is as expected from a Just Cause game, and so is the gameplay, which is both a good and a bad thing. The 'Campaign' is essentially taking over settlements/bases by blowing everything up, just like JC2, and then helping rebels, etc. The map is absolutely massive, and the vibrance and graphical fidelity are very high, but the textures and AA (imo) are pretty bad for a game released in 2015 of this scale. The movement feels quite sluggish, and the driving is incredibly toned down from JC2, where the driving mechanics where very arcade-y, which fit the theme of Just Cause, and did not feel out of place or make it a chore to drive, unlike how driving feels in this game.Overall, this game is an upgrade visually and with the grappling and wingsuit mechanics from JC2, but everything else is essentially the same as JC2 or worse sadly.This game ended up being a real shame for me, as I am a huge fan of the Just Cause series, and this game looked very promising. The mechanics are almost good enough for me to have justified not getting a refund, but with the performance issues, this game was just not a good experience.TL;DR: Better than JC2 in most ways, but the performance was just atrocious, and I do not recommend picking it up at least until a patch comes out to fix the performance, but even then, I still would not recommend it :("
76561198260607664,Not Recommended,225540,19416258,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,vha.emlak,Crashing dont buy itLenovo Y70 TouchIntel(R) Core(TM) i7-4710HQ CPU@ 2.50GHz(RAM) 16.0 GB 64-bitNVIDIA GeForce GTX 860M
76561197970553813,Not Recommended,225540,19416426,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Vermithrax,Unplayable. Tried downloading amd drivers. Tried verifying game cache. Didn't help. It's almost as if no one tested the game before release.Not recommended in it's current incarnation.
,Recommended,225540,19565854,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mistah Cookie,Destroyed a heli and a couple of giant satellite towers with one explosion..game crashed..10/10 would destroy again
,Recommended,225540,19889603,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Br3akn3ck,"Just Cause 3, Explosion Simulator 2015. Almost anything in this game can be blown to pieces.In all seriousness though this game is quite a bit of fun, im going to go through what i think is fun and what i think isn't fun,Positives:- Great Graphics: The Graphics in this game are really quite beautiful, you feel like you are right there doing everything yourself which makes it more entertaining when you blow up statues and do campaign missions.- Gameplay: This game features a wide range of gameplay from  parachuting to wingsuiting to rpging and a whole lot more which means its hard to run out of fun very quickly- Fun Gear Mods: Now Gears are what you unlock when you complete gear challenges, there are about 6-8 different types of challenges, each unlocks gears (depending on how well you do in the challenge, its like 1-5 stars) for its own sets of mods. These mods make it easier to do these challenges while also giving the gameplay a funny and exciting twist. For example, one perk turns your planted explosives into rockets for a certain period of time meaning you can send enemies into space then they explode. A whole lot of fun.- Funny Dialogue and Cutscenes: Although the dialogue can be a bit boring at times, at other times quite a lot of funny things happen, im not gonna spoil what happens though because im going to wait for you to see it if youu decide to get the game.- Weapons: The Weapons in this game are fairly fun to use whether you use missile launchers, sniper rifles or FOW weapons (FOW are special weapons you unlock in the main campaign). They can make things easier when you are liberating settlements or better, destroying cows and deer..,, xD- Friend Challenges: You can compete in certain challenges such as longest time wingsuiting and highest point reached by parachuting against your friends and even call them out to beat your score which makes it all the more fun knowing you have to try to be on top of all scoresNegatives:- Short Campaign: I thought the campaign was interesting even though it was short. But i would have loved to see it last longer and keep people attached more, i mean sure i spent about 25 hours before completing the main campaign but that is only because i was off doing my own thing half the time. So yeah, i hope in the next game the story lasts longer.- Optimisation: This game hasnt got the best optimisations ever, i mean it was never a problem for me because i have a good PC with 16GB ram, GTX970 and a i7 4771, but i heard it was a problem for other people so i thought i would make this little remark.- Loading Screens: Now, the biggest dissapointment of this game is the loading screens. Everytime you do a campaign mission or challenge it will load between things. The following is an example of this: *Starts Campaign Mission*, *Loading*, *Cutscene*, *Loading*, *Starts doing mission and gets to another cutscene*, *Loading*, *Cutscene*, *Loading*. -_- Plz fix this in either and update or the next game if you can. Because chances are, at least 20-25% of your game time will be loading screens, i may be exaggerating but still it's really annoyingOverall Review:Overall this game is a fun and exciting open world game filled with all kinds of mischief and explosions to be baffled with. It does have its negatives such as THE LOADING SCREENS... that down it a little but that will hardly be a problem for gamers.Review: 8.5/10"
76561198098880940,Recommended,225540,24976405,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,CrimsonSun,"I love this game to death. I have play many hours (167 to be exact) and im planing to play more.ProsThe game is Beutiful start to finish, and after finish.the wingsuit (MY FAVORITE) is good and even betted with the dlcthe upgraded grappling hook is amazingThe little hints of just cause 2 (my second favorite)THE EXPLOSTIONS AHDGHJASFGGYUEConsThe optimation is crap somtimesthe story sucks (but who plays it for the story am i right?)no muiltyplayer yet.thanks for reading this (crap) review. (Dont bother to take anything right or wrong with me. don't say ""this review sold me on it!"")"
76561198251634894,Not Recommended,225540,19442489,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,chad.williamson123,crashes every time i open the ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Not Recommended,225540,24080175,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Georgeos,"Incompatible with SLI, second GPU sits doing absolutely nothing. How can a AAA title in 2015/16 not support SLI whatsoever?"
,Not Recommended,225540,19421413,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,⎛⎝Duckers⎠⎞,"No performance issues here, but the story did not really seem that good, the voice acting was kinda bad, towns are badly made, birds are dull as in no movements of the body, just a stiff ragdoll gliding on a invisible rail, the streets were not impressive and some textures were rather dull and lowres."
76561198006659716,Recommended,225540,28348129,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,The God Emperor,"The game is basically Just Cause 2, but better in almost every single way.Also, it performs very well if you have an adequate computer."
,Recommended,225540,28350104,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,an hero,dlc is OP
,Not Recommended,225540,19580423,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,@willoneill,"This is, straight-up, a worse game than Just Cause 2. I can't think of a single meaningful thing about it that you could consider superior, though maybe it looks great if you're a raw graphics junkie with some disgusting SSD/980/i7/4K rig.For some reason, the cars bother me most of all. Imagine driving a loaf of bread with wheels on it.I could say a million things here, but it isn't worth the time.Just Cause 3 is really bad."
,Not Recommended,225540,19522530,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TheMuggles,The game is awesome. The performance on AMD cards is what makes me give this a bad review.
76561198016155521,Not Recommended,225540,21812317,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Anti-CMOS,"I have a AMD 4.2Ghz CPU, 24GB RAM, and  duel R9 390x video cards. This game runs 14FPS at 4K. Far Cry Primal runs 100+ FPS same resolution. Game is poorly programmed and crap. NOT RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,225540,19712228,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Steven,"Just Cause 3 makes no apologies for its outrageous nature. It's a power fantasy in every sense of the phrase, placing you in a world rife with destructible environments and giving you creative instruments with which to destroy them. There are intermittent technical problems, and scripted moments detract from the freedom found elsewhere, but in the end, Just Cause 3 provides a spectacular, explosive sandbox experience.The plot revolves around returning protagonist Rico Rodriguez, who's arrived in the fictional Republic of Medici during the height of Sebastiano Di Ravello's military dictatorship. The story here is forgettable, but delivers an effective invitation: dozens of military installations cover the world map, and it's your job to blow them up for the rebel forces.Rodriguez himself is a mashup of masculine action stars and comic book characters, so it makes sense that I often felt like a superhero in his shoes. By supplying you with a wingsuit, parachute, and grappling hook, Just Cause 3 gives you an effective means of transportation, as well as a smooth, nuanced traversal system.There is a steep learning curve, but with practice, I was leaping from helicopters, gliding through enemy bases, and floating over farmland with ease. It's thrilling to leap from a cliff, free-fall for 10 seconds, grapple to a nearby rock, and use the momentum to launch back into the air with parachute deployed. Rico actually felt like a hero learning his new skillset. It's as if Avalanche Studios combined Batman, Spider-Man, and The Punisher, and thrust its creation into a vivid Mediterranean landscape."
,Not Recommended,225540,19515164,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Lexone,I bought it and then refunded it...... Just cause
76561198215549643,Recommended,225540,19418891,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Noot,For all those people voting down. If you are having crashes/lag sluttering. Either get a new computer or just wait for square enix to fix the lag problems and patches
,Recommended,225540,20523466,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,space ghost pussy,One of the best games I have ever played!
76561198284855509,Not Recommended,225540,24265830,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,hit the base,It keeps on crashing whyidont know. i love this game but why does it crash all the time
76561198154367352,Not Recommended,225540,19829344,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Boomer,this game gets reallyu boring after a while because you are destroying the same stuff and the same outpost over and over again and you see the same enimies over and over again the only thing that is better then just cause 2 is the graphics thats it. PS im writing this while im saltly and mad at a mission.
,Not Recommended,225540,33307821,Posted: 6 July,all,Naga,So ♥♥♥♥ing boring lmao
,Not Recommended,225540,23612118,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,White Ranger,It doesent run well at all. I am extremly dissapointed. I had to wait 2 days for it to download because of bad internet. DONT BUY UNLESS THEY MAKE A PATCH FOR ALL THE F**CKING ISSUES.
76561198003044673,Not Recommended,225540,29168528,Posted: 10 January,all,Boomstomp,"Useless game, keep crashing to desktop. a year after launch you would think its sorted but no!!!!Bad port as well, played mafia before this and cars are impossible to handle in JC3I miss JC2"
,Not Recommended,225540,19538773,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,BindedRice,"I cannot begin with how upset I am at the release of this game. I don't grasp how a company can have such an oversight as this. My expensive♥♥♥♥♥AMD Graphics card will not run this game. I play it, It looks great but with mild frame drops. Suddenly, a cutscene comes and the game eats♥♥♥♥♥♥ I lose my save and have to restart the mission. This is the single most convincing case of Pre-Ordering destroying the quality of a game. GTA V took longer than expected to release for pc, but you know, it does not have the terrible bugs this does. Square Enix owes all of us that DLC for free. This is unacceptable and I better see a patch soon."
,Not Recommended,225540,20995811,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Project First Contact,ON dual core & gt 6100-5 fps averageNO COMMENTGTA 5 run execelent on my pc in medium graphics with 20-30 fpsWATCH HERE IF YOU DONT BELIEVE MEhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AoVz3YTNFo
76561198355127471,Not Recommended,225540,33619090,Posted: 17 July,all,steveforsch,if you have a laptop i would reccomend looking at the requirements before you buy even if you have the right requirements you may not want to buy it
76561198246268072,Not Recommended,225540,28781393,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TheProGram,"This game looks great, unfortunatly I've tried 3 times to make this game work and it won't, first time i had to go into offline mode and the game froze at the first loading screen. second time it got stuck at the login to online and I had to log out of windows and back in through the Ctrl+alt+delete, (this caused the computer to freak out and the performance dropped for everything drastically, I had to shut down and boot up again), THIRD TIME I HAD TO UNPLUG MY COMPUTER TO ESCAPE THE LOGIN TO ONLINE BS!!! But like I said, This game looks cool, and I want it to work, if someone could tell me a working fix for this, or if all else fails I would like a refund (i would perfer the working solution). P.S. I bought the game and all of the DLC if that changes anything."
,Not Recommended,225540,19463656,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,The_Jonsey,It runs at a smooth 60 in the pause menus.
,Recommended,225540,19534679,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,maidwer,if you have the hardware to run it its a quiet arcady but extremly fun game
,Recommended,225540,21120787,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,AEGIS,"Amazing graphics, amazing game"
76561198091493600,Not Recommended,225540,21094023,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,JJ Strong Arms,No
76561198139314750,Recommended,225540,23988313,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,§¡Ð,This game is too awesome... Gameplay is just so crazy and fungraphics are awfull...too much blurantianalizing is badbut still game look beautifulltotally worth it
,Not Recommended,225540,31399753,Posted: 27 April,all,King,Would rather buy winrar
76561198047070566,Not Recommended,225540,32786392,Posted: 25 June,all,Everyday_radish,"Badly optimized. Just get Jc 2 instead, save your money."
,Not Recommended,225540,21113845,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,GhostMango,"Just Cause 3 is a peice of GARBAGE, the pc port is absolute sh!t and Square Enix said ""Fixing the memory leak is our main priority"" (Next Post) NEW DLC! so what happened to main priority? Are you f*cking ret@rded? I paid 60$ on this game and spent way over Steam's refund limit of time trying to fix this crap and so it sits in my games library to mock me and say ""Your Stupid"". Its a damn shame I was excited for this and completely ruined my birthday."
,Recommended,225540,19405767,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Big boy,"Running flawlessly with maxed out graphics, driving takes a bit to get used to. I'd also rather be playing this with a controller over a Keyboard/Mouse but beggers cant be choosers."
,Not Recommended,225540,21373864,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,"Oh, Frog?",Incredibly poorly optimized. I wish I could recommend it.
76561198032839495,Recommended,225540,20658003,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,[EC] | The Grammar Nazi,"This Game is Awesome, despite a few bugs which are almost all completely fixed by now. This game is revolved all about having fun. Its loose story line shows this. This game is not for those who cherish a fantastic RPG but is for those who just want to have FUN!!!."
,Recommended,225540,30262086,Posted: 1 March,all,Yasashiku,Stupid but Awesome!!
76561198047884003,Not Recommended,225540,26154220,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,stephen.rea,This game is not as fun to play as JC2. It's taking it'self to seriously as game - which is quite hard considering!So far I've only played a few hours and I'm upset - maybe if change the key bindings - but I doubt it.
,Recommended,225540,29357083,Posted: 19 January,all,3000,"NOW LET ME SET THE RECORD STRAIGHT TO ALL THESE WHINY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S WHO ARE SAYING ""OH THIS GAME DOESNT RUN RIGHT, OH THE CONTROLS ARE BROKE, OH MY♥♥♥♥♥♥IS IN MY DAD'S♥♥♥♥♥OH DONT BUY THIS GAME"". GO ♥♥♥♥ING EAT A♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU FAT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥FACE♥♥♥♥♥♥EATING♥♥♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME IS THE♥♥♥♥♥♥ IF IT ISNT RUNNING SMOOTHLY, ITS BECAUSE YOUR COMPUTER IS A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥AND YOU SHOULD STOP STREAMING ANIME WHILE YOU TRY TO PLAY THE GAME, ♥♥♥♥♥.ITS A FUN GAME, YOU CAN KILL PEOPLE AND BLOW♥♥♥♥♥♥UP AND THEN KILL MORE PEOPLE THEN BLOW MORE PEOPLE UP THEN DESTROY THINGS AND STUFF AND DRIVE CARS AND USE BOATS AND DO♥♥♥♥♥♥LIKE THAT AND STUFF ITS A GOOD GAME ♥♥♥♥ THE HATERSalso i didnt buy it for full price, i got it for a tenner and thats how much its worth so wait til its on sale or something i dunno ♥♥♥♥ you"
,Recommended,225540,19443887,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Maxi Satan,"60% people are able to play the game40% people are writing bad reviews because they don't know how to update their driversTrolling aside, the game is pretty much underwhelming. It's fine, explosions and stuff, as long as you can run it ofc, but nothing new except a few tweaks on the grappling hook, a wingsuit - which is really fun - and C4.Missions and characters are WAY better than JC2. They are sometimes even funny! Unbelievable.But, even if it's ""meh"" in the long course, it's still a good game. The bad reviews seems really to come from performance in most of cases, so grab it on sale and refund it if you're unlucky."
76561198033325176,Not Recommended,225540,21682572,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Pyro,"HORRIBLE GAME,"
,Not Recommended,225540,29875860,Posted: 12 February,all,Rouge,███████████████████████████████████░▀░░░░▀█▀░░░░░░▀█░░░░░░▀█▀░░░░░▀██░░▐█▌░░█░░░██░░░█░░██░░░█░░░██░░██░░▐█▌░░█░░░██░░░█░░██░░░█░░░██░░██░░▐█▌░░█░░░██░░░█░░░░░░▄█░░▄▄▄▄▄██░░▐█▌░░█░░░██░░░█░░░░████░░░░░░░██░░░█░░░█▄░░░░░░▄█░░░░████▄░░░░░▄███████████████████████████████████
,Recommended,225540,19446253,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,bread,">developers spend 5 years carefully developing this game while listening to what the community wants>people play the game before its intentional release date""OMG THIS GAME IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING RUSHED AND BUGGY 0/10!!"""
,Recommended,225540,20100320,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,storaGe 👿,"In a long time I have never seen a game so fleshed out, so fun, so good! Screw Fallout, this is definitely the game of the year!"
76561198121228068,Not Recommended,225540,31787730,Posted: 16 May,all,Ubisoft™,boring boring boring
76561198078402559,Recommended,225540,19403292,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ammarmunshi,Game is running fine on GTX 980. Getting more than 60fps on 1440p without using AA.
,Recommended,225540,19403319,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,RAGTOPSTANG,I thought that I could sleep.Rico Rodrigues proved me wrong.Goodbye sleep.EXPLOSIONS!!!
76561198086845807,Recommended,225540,19405528,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Phroople,amazing
76561198262337524,Recommended,225540,19403261,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,suhaib.masscomm,Absolutely amazing.....bugs apart..i have intel 4790k 16 gigs ram and gtx 970.....game is flawless above 60fps. I have some sound bugs which i think will be fixed soon..and now i am.waiting for nvidia drivers.
,Recommended,225540,19404284,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,[Arch] B_Glo,"I will observe that the game has its bugs. I agree that it is less than appropriate to have bugs on day one. The game works for some and now for others... for right now. I am confident that the bugs will start to be resolved, as plenty of people are obviously making it abundantly clear that they are having issues. I personally have had no problems whatsoever and expect the devs to continue doing their job so that everyone can share the fantastic experience that I have had so far. If I don't see continual improvement for those having problems, then I will become upset. For now, I am staying positive that things just need to settle and the devs just need a bit of time to counter all of the unexpected problems that occur. Fingers crossed, everyone will be happily embarking on rampant sprees of destruction in the near future.If you don't share my view and/or feel betrayed due to the unexpected snags and bugs in the release, that's your opinion and I respect that. I'm just here to toss in my 2 cents and read what others are saying, not to pick fights with strangers on the internet...That is all."
,Recommended,225540,19406876,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Synthetic Pixel,My orginal review was negative as I could not get past the cutscene now finally I am playing the game and having lots of fun! It has performance issues and bugs but if you can look past that the game itself is great. I'm sure patches will roll out soon.EDIT Most performance issues go away if you play in offline mode and disconnect your internet so it wont try and connect to its crappy servers........ sigh PUBLISHERS QUIT MAKING DEVS STUFF SOME ONLINE BULL INTO THEIR GAMES!
76561198242371954,Recommended,225540,19403291,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,kubmg76,This game is so much fun. i havent had any crashed yet so i dont know what is happening with other people. This game is a must buy cause there is so much to do its amazing. YOU WILL NOT regret buying this because it is awesome and fun.
,Recommended,225540,19405297,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,vldmort,"Nicely made. I've been very excited for this to come out and it runs nicely. It has some bugs at launch, but those will probably gone soon and isn't anywhere near unplayable. Get it!"
,Recommended,225540,19404172,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Drake,"Welp, in the span of just a few minutes starting the game I've learned:1.) I can make a car/human yo-yo which is far more amusing than it should be.2.) I need more boo-lets.3.) It's extremely easy to escape the heat. All one has to do is walk around the corner.4.) Immortal space-time wizard Rico Rodriguez still farts out infinite parachutes.Recommend? On a serious note, I would even though there are a few kinks such as the movement is a bit iffier than the previous game. It feels like in some scenarios Rico snaps to a position as opposed to just staying where he lands. Combat doesn't feel quite as threatening as the previous game, either.There is still much for me to see as of writing this review, but so far it appears that Just Cause 3 pretty much takes on the same type of single player gameplay as Just Cause 2 with fancier graphics and some upgrades."
76561198068586400,Recommended,225540,19404358,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Audie Murphy,"Just Cause 3 is baisicaly all of the best parts of Just Cause 2, fixed, and with more fantastic explosions! Best! Game! Ever!"
,Recommended,225540,19407383,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,enclave,"Pros: Huge map, grapple is awesome as usual, good graphics, and gameplay!Cons: Optimization isn't the best, however it's a very easy fix.  Just disable Vsync on Just Cause 3.  Then in your graphics card control panel enable Adaptive Vsync and Triple Buffering on justcause3.exe  This is disable the stuttering and give you a smooth gameplay!"
,Recommended,225540,19407402,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Jackal326™,"Crashed a plane into a building and was labled a revolutionary, not a terrorist.10/10 would liberate again."
76561198105635189,Recommended,225540,19404074,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,zBoxie,This game looks amazing and i really want to play it!!! But unfortunatly the fps is terrible! PLEASE FIX
,Recommended,225540,19439642,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,FaderMat,"Cheesy intro/story mode(not that Just Cause is know for having a ""good"" story), not too good graphics. Infact they are barely better than JC2.The controls have changed and are somewhat sluggish and I hate that you cant sprint.But.If destruction and mayhem is what you wish, then you've found it.I hope the game gets patched now and then to remove annyoing bugs etc.Otherwise 8/10 game, not regretting the purchase"
,Recommended,225540,23821757,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TOBN,it works perfect with more than 70 fps on my gtx 970 on max settings ..and 8 GB of ram..nice game much explosion
,Recommended,225540,19431788,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,大きなアニメのおっぱい,"It's ♥♥♥♥ing fun, but to have the most fun with it you must be creative in the way you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up.Its great, buy it now or wait till it's on sale."
76561198011343669,Not Recommended,225540,19594863,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Barnie +_+,Just Cause 2 had better graphics and gameplay compared to this disaster. This game is terrible in the way it looks and plays. There is also an issue with saving the game. I played about 3 hours into the game and after exiting to windows I found out that the game wasn't even saved the next day. Terrible!
76561198051967707,Not Recommended,225540,19403635,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Arch_Nemesis,"MMM k, so, i buy the game, wait pateintly for its release, ohh but wait it doesnt even ♥♥♥♥ing launch"
,Not Recommended,225540,22965484,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,jayxan,Didnt like it
,Not Recommended,225540,19404738,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Shirto,Camera is broken in cars I dont know how to fix itproblem here:https://streamable.com/5d0palso keeps stuttering thanks the always online and sometimes the water textures dont even show up.
,Not Recommended,225540,19408230,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TheSexiestGamerAlive,"Low framerate just ruined the game for me, wish it just worked on day 1."
,Not Recommended,225540,19408262,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,potatodude321,"it says ""just cause 3 has stopped working"""
,Not Recommended,225540,19411945,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cenction,"Had tons of in game lag and whenever i would shoot sometimes it will play an audio clip or sound BACK like forty times so""hello ri ri ri ri ri ri ri ri ri ri ri ri co"" its REALLY ANNOYING"
,Not Recommended,225540,19412174,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Simbiat,"It's as if it's trying to be like Saints Row, but with a serious face. While Saints Row games were insane and stupid for the sake of that, this... It's like a B-Movie (or C-Move if there are such), that is trying to keep audience by being flashy. It does not work for me."
,Not Recommended,225540,19415011,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cal - twitch.tv/Hoachin,Unplayable in its current state.Avoid until patches fix all frame rate issues and other bugs.
76561198008801306,Not Recommended,225540,19416637,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,RexXflash,FIX THIS ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥FOR AMD GRAPHIC CARDS FFS.IT'S LIKE YOU GUYS DIDN'T EVEN TEST IT OUT BEFORE YOU LAUNCHED IT
76561197964906364,Not Recommended,225540,19408273,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Karmik,No FOV control. Game made me sick after an hour or so af play. I asked for a refund.
76561198122162406,Not Recommended,225540,33863203,Posted: 28 July,all,Alfie.Allen,Absolute ♥♥♥♥ing waste of 4 hours of my time downloading. The graphics looks like some Xbox 360♥♥♥♥♥♥it that makes my eyes bleed.
76561198165532353,Recommended,225540,19555475,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,bad,Explosions Explosions everywhere
76561198177002086,Not Recommended,225540,21271307,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Freaty Clalk,"Everything feels so weird and uncomfortable, and the storyline really sucks. The massive blast is the only forte of this game, and that clearly doesn't worth the price."
76561198160433261,Not Recommended,225540,19403411,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,sirdicholas,"I know there will be bugs on opening day, I get that. But this one seems like a big one. I'm pretty sure my R7 370 should be able to handle the game, it does run, and the FPS seems decent on medium settings. However the game world doesn't load properly at all. All I can see in from of me while moving around are black triangles and missing terain. I hope this gets fixed. Not going to recommend early buying of this game if you have this particular GPU.EDIT: I have the latest AMD beta driver recommended in another post with these problems, going to uninstall and reinstall to see if that's a fix."
76561198005425889,Not Recommended,225540,19403640,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,LongBallz,Won't launch.
,Not Recommended,225540,19406439,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,csteere,"Like Ghosting and Jaged Edges, get this awsome console port...Also, all videos from the Dev are obviously touched up because the cut scenes have the worst ghosting problem of all. Running game with the I7 4790K Devil's Canyon and a GTX 970."
,Recommended,225540,19564679,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Bearforceone,"With a very bumpy launch, Just Cause 3 has earned itself some seriously negative reviews, and with good reason. Some people can't even play it for longer than 20 mins due to a memory leak while others simply just cannot run it at all, so it's not denying the game has some seriously flawed performance issues.That being said, I bought this game because I have played Just Cause 2 to death and thoroughly enjoyed it like many others have, and I believe this game delivers that same feeling that it's previous version did as well, if you can run it...Get yourself a GTX 960 or higher and 16 gb of ram and you will never have any issues with this game, for everyone else, there's always Just Cause 2."
76561197970417509,Not Recommended,225540,19757013,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,rtp19yam,"This game just sucks ( 1 stars )  - out $59.95 plus tax - this game is for console , not  setup to play on pc like Fallout 4 ( 5 stars ) and steam has lost a loyal customer for ever ( I will never buy from Steam again!!!! )."
,Recommended,225540,32612783,Posted: 21 June,all,880user088,"It's all about FUN!flying, gliding, driving, shooting and blowing things up!"
76561198011270411,Recommended,225540,33936267,Posted: 31 July,all,SiFi,"As an older gamer, this very much reminds me of the Crackdown games on the Xbox back in the day.Large open world, good amount of side activities and lots of stuff that need blowing up, Just Cause 3 does destruction in a very pleasing way. Given many methods and tools to choose from in your tour of destruction, you can always find a new aproach to blowing stuff up. Be it air assault, land or sea, you will always find a refreshing way of causing destruction.Where the game does lack is in story and controles for anything other then running. The story is simple; Bad guy doing bad stuff, blow his stuff up. Simple. The main issue is how you move about in the game. Vehicles all feel sluggish, as if you have just downed a Six pack (or two) and thought a DUI was something you needed to have on your record. The reason for that is not only are the vehicle controles slugish, but the camera swings wildly if you so much as drive over a pebble.Even the wing suit is sluggish in mobility and doesnt behave as you expect, leading to a lot of (comical) faceplants into buildings and Mother Earth.All that taken into account, I still give this game an 85/100. The poor vehicle aspects really hurt what could be a contender for a top game. However, blowing stuff up feels oh so good, and Just Cause 3 does that oh so gloriously."
76561198007506361,Not Recommended,225540,21003618,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Lodreus,"Seriously....seriously disappointed in this game. Just gonna say it straight away...don't even bother getting it. Either play Just Cause 2 or go over a friend house to play it.I'm fan of Just Cause 2. I enjoyed ever part of it as it was my favourite game to play. I have played Just Cause 1 but never got around to finish it, and that's donkey years ago, but I must say that this game does not beat Just Cause 2. You got a choice of either playing a good action adventure game or Michael Bay game where everything is just like ""Screw it. Forget story We'll just add explosions"" I'm not one for reviews much but since I had high expectations for this game. I think it deserves one...a negative one.I'll talk about Just Cause 3 but using Just Cause 2 for better comparison.Just Cause 2 vs Just Cause 3Gangs/FractionsWhat I enjoyed about Just Cause 2 is that you had different parts of islands having their own resistance. If I remember correctly there were 3. Each 3 wanted the same thing which was to bring down Pandak ""Baby"" Panay (Evil guy) but more less wanted other things to take control for personal use for their territory. Reason why I enjoyed this is because that it gave the game more to-do stuff. It also gave game some extra storyline to make things interesting. Now I'll be honest the story itself in Just Cause 2 isn't that much interesting same goes for this. Its simple to grasp and doesn't take long to figure out what's happening. No big deal because you got the crazy action going on.Just Cause 3 didn't have that. Bit sad that it didn't. I really would of thought the game would have it considering its size but..I guess just...nvm.A B Y X action thingIn Just Cause 2 when grappling onto attack helicopter or enemy vehicle to highjack you get prompt to enter in 4 action buttons to perform Rico to grab the guy out of the vehicle or helicopter and use it. You also had this when trying to access a military base that had some special structure that you had to destroy or a satellite. To me that gave the moment an andreline rush. You gotta do it quick before they kill you or a timer if ran out would end the game, which even made situation even harder.Not a bad thing that Just Cause 3 didn't have this. It may be that some disliked it or it killed the face-pace action so it was removed.UpgradingIn Just Cause 2 collecting those box things gave the player parts or money to upgrade weapons and vehicles. It gave you something to do, and work on. Having best gear or strongest tank with maxed out upgrade feels more satisfiying then having basic tank that you couldn't upgrade in Just Cause 3. It kept you playing because without those upgrades you're just playing with sticks and stones at times.Upgrading isn't so bad in Just Cause 3 just...more or less useless I find depending on what it is. The upgrades that you can apply to your wingsuit, grenades and grapple hook are well worth it, but for rest it was...meh pointless. I'll give my reason why below.HandlingI would certainly say that a vast majority would agree that Just Cause 2 had better handling then Just Cause 3 even though in Just Cause 2 it took some time to get used to but at the end it worked. Just Cause 3 handling is certainly appalling. Driving a car, Motorbike or flying helicopter maybe is just so much work. Throughout the game in Just Cause 3 I hardly touched anything that were meant for road use execpt military vehicles because they were smooth as butter easy to drive because some were slow so control was easy to adapt. If I wanted to get somewhere I would most likely use wingsuit...because it's cool and I think it has to be most easiest to control. Never used boats much for getting around so no word for that.Now seeing as handling is terrible it also gives you another reason to why bother with challanges. I think I might of done 8 car races, 1 bike race and bunch of wingsuit ones. No point in even touching those upgrades that applies for road use because obviously the handling is cr*p.StoryI'm unable to recap how things went for Just Cause 2 but I can surely say Just Cause 3 didn't make anything better.I feel as if the devs didn't care much about cutscenes nor the story in Just Cause 3. Just throw it in there and say ""F**K it. If player knows what to do then no question asked"". There's some moments where I felt like...???? Cutscenes were silly. Mostly had no purpose of even being made. Better off telling me then wasting my time getting to the area to hear pointless cr*p. I'll admit they are funny but...there's a point in time where enough is a enough yet still kept on being dumb.I'm really annoyed on the fact that without capturing all of bases or gaining controll on certain area you somehow just gotta do bunch of missions with requirements, and boom! You almost finished the game. Just gotta do silly boss fight. Also how the f**k does he survive the helicopter crash????Game mechanics & GameplayI find Just Cause 3 to be poorly made so was Just Cause 2 a bit. When building comes down or vehicle gets beaten up you still see lights or some parts of it floating. Just poor work. Also what is up with the lamp posts? Driving into them really screws up your car. Like you hit a wall and car is already dead.Less guns in Just Cause 3 then Just Cause 2 including DLC.AI's are stupid as hell. I was capturing a base with an air field and fighter jets took off but instead of going up they went down and crashed. It kept on looping till I captured the base, and odd thing is that your friendly AI's take off fine.I'm sad to see that running or rolling (Dodging) isn't part of the game. Big let down I find as you're getting shot to bitsFinal thoughtThe game is indeed good looking. It holds new and fun features such as Wingsuit that Just Cause 2 didn't have, but instead I feel as if they haven't made anything different or that waw factor..idk. I miss old guns from Just Cause 2. I find storyline and characters to be rushed and mediocre. Even after finishing it I know myself I might come back to it just mess around but other then that there's nothing else worth saying cuz its so bad. To cut it short it's Michael Bay movie with touch of Saint Row."
,Not Recommended,225540,35222905,Posted: 26 September,all,Greencar,sux
,Recommended,225540,23028286,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Stylin' Stalin,"3 words.""Bollywood Physics Simulator""10/10 even better than the predecessors."
,Not Recommended,225540,28666205,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TONY EFFE,"~JUST CRAP 3~This review is dedicated to every single person that is going to buy Just Cause 3 , DON'T DO IT!The game itself is even funny but broken.You are litterally going to pay for something that doesn't work , it's like going to buy a car that sometimes turns off and you can not do ANYTHING to fix it.The game costantly crashes it's unplayable.P.S. even if you have a really good pc it doesn't matter!! (since i got a 3000 bucks gaming pc)"
76561198333043213,Recommended,225540,29968909,Posted: 16 February,all,nigga turnip,its better than gta
76561198081961763,Recommended,225540,24060203,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Breeze,"great game, very fun but wtf why is it not optimised it gets so laggy sometimes????"
76561197962590459,Not Recommended,225540,34685374,Posted: 2 September,all,Dbl,"Crashes often, Lame♥♥♥♥♥story and painfully ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ characters, repetitive gameplay .. Get exclusively on sale."
76561198019961071,Not Recommended,225540,27474235,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,lordcrekit,"Breaks my computer.Crashed twice on first launch.Would recommend (on sale) if it actually worked.First play experience was it telling me to click on something on my map, not being able to click it, UI locking up and having to force shut down computer.Second play experience was BSOD.Third play experience actually worked for about 3 hours - It was pretty fun. You NEED a gamepad to do driving and flying- it's impossible with keyboard.Which was a serious problem when 5 hours in, gamepad stopped connecting. Now whenever I launch this game, the gamepad immediatly stops working. Then when I unplug and plug it in again, all OTHER usb devices stop working."
76561198254356632,Recommended,225540,19402196,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,lag is my shield,Graphic effect is awesome!
76561198028659394,Not Recommended,225540,22070725,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,[TAW] Nate Mc Bow,Shame really. This game has alot of great potential but i fell into the corwd that has a 8gb RAM. And almost all users with an 8GB RAM suffer a constant memory leak from the game that causes immense lag or crashes. Making the game virtualyl unplayable.It took me forever to realize this and as such i am not legible for a refund.
,Recommended,225540,23709501,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,stone_the_bone,Really fun game to just screw around in with a friend. The only thing better about JC2 was the map.
76561198259589113,Not Recommended,225540,23606020,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Aragornsb,"OH. My. GOD. This game is amazing, but, on my thousand-dollar MSI gaming notebook with a GTX 950M, i7-5700 quad-core, and with stats that WAY overshoot the recomended, this game is not a laggy game. It is lag with some game in between spikes. Please, someone help me. Every game runs like at 30 fps TOPS but this? I am sorry. What is this concept of smoothe?"
,Recommended,225540,28206697,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Shmart,Really? Everybody hates this game because of performance? What I get a 60FPS basicly always? Ultra Preset?~But this game! It is just... SO FUN!!! REALLY HOW COULD YOU HATE THIS GAME!!! IT IS AMAZINGLY FUN!!! IT'S LIKE BIZINGA AND FUS RO DAH HAD A BABY WHO TOOK FUNNY AND FUN'NY LESSONS!!! ~~~It's  a RRREEAALLYY FUN GAME!But I reccomend you'd buy it when it's NOT $59.99. I got it for $14.99
,Recommended,225540,20173418,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Paradise Decay,"A non-biased quick look @ the game:Nvidia Geforce GT 640 version video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCNynTKjZlkPS4 version video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mZi056cYQMJust Cause 3 is an open world third-person action-adventure game that is set on a fictional Mediterranean island known as Medici with Rico Rodriguez set as the protagonist. The map size has been confirmed to be similar to that of the setting of Just Cause 2 with 400 square miles (1,000 km2) being dedicated for the new setting. However, its volumetric terrain has increased to allow more verticality – as a result of this, it is now possible for the player to explore subterranean caverns and to scale buildings more effectively and realistically. The world of the game is composed of five major biomes, with each having unique landmarks and landscapes. - Highly Recommended!"
76561198354878323,Recommended,225540,31643144,Posted: 9 May,all,OGA,FIX THE CRASHED IF DRIVING CAR
,Not Recommended,225540,29943069,Posted: 15 February,all,miblan,"♥♥♥♥ THIS GAMEIN the past I could play this game very well, i mean with 3 fps, but it was playableAfter update: LOW ON MEMORYI tried everything on internet: underclocking, closing every program running in the bg, LITERALLY EVERYTHINGstill the same ♥♥♥♥ing error"
,Recommended,225540,33135815,Posted: 2 July,all,TIMFAB,"Just Chaos'ing enemy base for a better life..-the explosions +++++++++++++++++++++-story+++-fun++++++++++++++-map++++++++++++++++a bit repetitive gameplay, but it's a 'sandbox' openworld game ,well..  very worth it Amico !9/11"
,Recommended,225540,23970667,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ʙʟᴀᴢɪɴɢᴛᴀɴᴋ,THE EXPLOSIONS THOUGH!!! SO AMAZING!
,Not Recommended,225540,19466520,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,LetchikSnayper,"The gameplay is definetly fun its just eveything else thats badStory is really weird, cutscreens are not in depth enough and missions dont translate between each other very well, its almost like each mission feels apart of a bigger mission but its all broken up with not enough contex.Preformance is awlful, freezes for 3 second from time to time (on a GTX 970 & i7 4790k) Shadows filker every now and then. Framerate holds at 60+ nicelyWouldn't buy it until it was £25"
,Not Recommended,225540,19485374,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Capt. Pottypie,Best game since Arkham Knight!
76561198211361413,Not Recommended,225540,35458737,Posted: 3 October,all,Skyrim,DO not waste your moneyНе тратьте деньги
76561198149012425,Recommended,225540,19419809,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cardboard,"…………………./´¯/)                     F*ck Just cause haters!………………..,/¯../………………./…./…………./´¯/’…’/´¯¯`·¸………./’/…/…./……./¨¯\……..(‘(…´…´…. ¯~/’…’)………\……………..’…../……….”…\………. _.·´…………\…………..(…………..\………….\…"
76561198151150895,Recommended,225540,21343083,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Modern Art,coo
76561198244481478,Not Recommended,225540,28927837,Posted: 1 January,all,kailashm96,Wasted my money on this game.Not worth it .Just cause 2 is much better and smoother.
,Not Recommended,225540,25833754,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,D.e.v.i.O.S ,Base game (At full price) Not worth wait for 50% < offThe only Worth While DLCs are Land and Air.Sea is a rip off.
,Not Recommended,225540,28806440,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Survii Gecko,"I've owned JC3 since its release date, and couldn't run it above 10fps, my PC cost around £600 at the time so it was a bit of a dissapointment considering it runs at roughly 30fps on (cheaper) consoles. My PC has gone through numerous upgrades since then including:Doubling the ramUpgrading the graphics card massivelyEven getting a new power supply to make sure it all worksJC3 now runs has random drops to an average of17fps, regardless of low/ultra settings and situation (combat/ driving etc.)They haven't even tried to fix this game."
76561197976693323,Not Recommended,225540,28379738,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,shock,"So I bought this game but unfortunately I'm one of the people that can not run it due to its horrible glitches and unstableness. Thankfully steam refunded my money quickly and without hasstle. I absolutely love this series but there is just so many technical issues with this game from what I heard, sad I couldn't play it....Running a i7 6700k and gtx 970 if it helps anyone."
76561198218009747,Not Recommended,225540,28379762,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,jangs^v^,Worst game experience ever
76561198145771808,Not Recommended,225540,28368165,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,DarkxMatter,"It looks great and all but thats about it. The gameplay is repetitive. Go here clear these buildings out then do the mini games > rinse and repeat. I just feel like its an unfinished game. Nice polish and all but you can only make a turd look so nice...Buy regular price: nahOn sale: Maybe, if you are bored and want to watch♥♥♥♥♥♥blow up over and over and over and over and over and over and over again.To compare this to mercenaries is a slap in the face to game developers who want people to have fun playing videogames."
,Not Recommended,225540,31548666,Posted: 4 May,all,mentilreq,"*No Steam Cloud*Will not load when connected to a TV through HDMI*Single player game that has to be online to playI can run this game on my desktop without a problem, however, when trying to play on my laptop it either runs at two fps or refuses to run at all."
,Not Recommended,225540,31654181,Posted: 9 May,all,igordonin,It crashes a lot. A LOT. ALL THE freaking time.
,Recommended,225540,19433868,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Rosie,10/10
76561198347243675,Recommended,225540,33810289,Posted: 26 July,all,Not Autist,GTA and FarCry had sex and here what the made.
76561197971111179,Not Recommended,225540,30383057,Posted: 7 March,all,[LB]Cali,"I played roughly the first hour of the game. It is unspectacular. Cartoonie and animated, Your character does pretty much all the same crap he did in the first two games, but smoother and with better graffics. I can't say much for the story, because after the aformentioned hour, I went to play my game to find it had been wiped off the face of gaming. No big, I wasn't terribly upset the find this out, as the idea of not playing the game anymore was immediately more appealing than the thought of replaying the intro. again."
76561198159724439,Recommended,225540,25155211,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Moonmoon_deth,better then gta 5. im going to edit this because a gta 5 fanboy got butthurt.  in just cause 3 you can blow more♥♥♥♥♥♥up then gta you get a wingsuit and other toys to use in the open world plus when you get the dlc you get a lighting gun. now  when you are creep and goes and looks at some ones acount and say 'you dont even have gta 5' i played it on the ps4.  i have played gta 5 i have beat gta 5 and it got borring quick like after the 4th mission it sucked but i still played it. now gta 5 and jc3 are not worth the full price if you are going to get jc3 get the XL eddtion.
,Recommended,225540,20573425,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Vore Me,Fun but very buggy
,Recommended,225540,21819016,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Hampyi,"I really like this game, but the performance is just horrible."
,Recommended,225540,21829066,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Rylankarter81,Great game lots to do but there is a glitch where after awhile of playing the audio gets glitchy and starts to stutter a lot. Still a great game I'd give it 10/10:)
,Recommended,225540,19445872,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,BodyPolitic,"Mayhem Simulator 3.0 has finally dropped and it certainly lives up to its name. This games ad campaign focused relentlessly on freedom of destruction and that is exactly what you get. If you like Just Cause 2 then you will like Just Cause 3 (*See below for caveat) Lets see:Better Graphics  - Medici is bright and beautiful, high res textures are a plus for those running above 1080pBetter Grapple   -Took a note from the multi grapple mod in JC2Better Traversal -The wingsuit feels perfect in a game like this, its flight with added challenge of manueviring to stay aloft. Lots of thermal updrafts!Better Upgrade System - Now extends to the rico and his toys, no ordering from the clunky menu in JC2If your looking for narrative or varied side quests this is not the game for you, this game stays grounded in its open mechanics and freedom of destruction. You will be dissapointed if you go in, looking for an experience like GTA V or upclose and personal fights a  la Arkham. Instead of copying from those worthy franchises Just Cause blazes its own path, and what fiery chaotic path it is!*The caveat is performance, please do not get this game if you are sitting at or near the minimums and expect it to look and play like the promo pics and videos, minimum is exactly that, the lowest level in details and framerate considered playable.For me, I have been playing completly maxed out at 2560x 1440 (2K) and maintain on avg between 79-104 fps ?(Have Gsync 144hz so no capping of framerate)  on a 980, My only complaint in that department is we are still waiting on a sli profile, which will only improve already good framerates for those with multi card configurations,Specs:Sli 980s (only 1 card utilized at this time)i5 4690K @ 4.1ghz16 GB DDR 3 @ 1866 MhzInstalled on 3.1 TB WD mechanicalWindows 10Constantly well above that golden 60fps with full confidance once an sli profile drops will be able to maintain 120 fps easily"
76561198044473951,Recommended,225540,21828774,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,gianthelper,such a fun game no problems
,Recommended,225540,20887619,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Misshapen Circle of Depression,You can blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up 10/10
76561198256993637,Not Recommended,225540,23814151,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,sanjit_singh123,It becomes Repetitive for a normal player...EXTREMELY repetitive...though the VFX on explosions look awesome
,Recommended,225540,19562971,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Krono,"Michael Bay's wet dreamBollywood action movie simulatorIf you come into this game without much expectations for the plot, you will have a great time. This game hearkens back to the old days, when arcade games didn't complex reasons why you do things, you just play the game to have fun.On the simularity to arcade games, there's also various ""feats"" where you can compete with your friends and random people online to see how you match up. It helps create some competition for feats you care about. If you have  ascore you're proud of, and your buddy beats your score, you feel outraged. How DARE he do this. Then you have to beat him. And he has to beat you. And it's all super fun along the wayTldr; this game is greatEdit: Most of the negative reviews I've seen have been about performance issues. In the hours I've played I've had 2 crashes, and very few framerate drops. I only have  a750ti, which i was worried wasn't gonna be able to run the game at all, but does a surprisingly good job. Y'all need to stop blaming the game for your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥computers"
76561198103472015,Recommended,225540,21846410,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,TuRbO,"love this game ! very fun to play, non stop action batman would be jealous of this guys grappling hook and wingsuit !runs great with my 980 at 3440x1440p"
,Recommended,225540,19451384,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,AGC | L1ghtWolf,"Honestly, this game is amazing, beautifull, good gameplay, one up on every aspect of JC2, and the destruction is the best that ive seen since RF:G, I have no preformance issues, if u have an AMD card and are having issues, its because its AMD, the game feels solid, responsive and FINISHED, please do not give reviews base on ur PC's preformance, also, if ur going to say that the game isnt finished, please give a legitamate reason"
,Recommended,225540,19976073,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,minibricks,"Pros:It is good and really addictinghuge map with no unlocking to doI am running it well at 2k (2560 x 1080) my specs AMD fx 8350, 2 gtx 970's, 8 gigs of ramcons:It gets sort of repetitive after a bitthe swimming bugs that crap out of me i can't figure out how to swimthe story is just ok"
76561198102256165,Recommended,225540,20126643,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,war_pillow,LAG SIMULATOR
,Not Recommended,225540,25020557,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,acrodinc,this game is so bad . it has a memory leak that will not be fixed and the graphics are so bad i went out and bought an xbox plus the this game again just so i can play it the way it was ment to be played . so not buy for PC buy for xbox
,Recommended,225540,20126231,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lennonzilla123,My pc is amazing and it still lags can this be fixed i have no mods i don't know my specs but it is not my pc. Great game though
,Recommended,225540,19419965,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Daniel,"Grappling hook with multiple tethers, that's all you need."
,Recommended,225540,19445273,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,EPicLURcher,.
76561198094511074,Recommended,225540,19560405,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,OfficialGamingDude,"About thirty hours into the game and still haven't gone any which way in the story.The game has bugs, but they haven't been (for me) game breaking.The gist of Just Cause 3 is to blow up everything in sight then get a plane and crash it into a big spherical gas tank which explodes like a nuke.Then do story missions."
,Recommended,225540,20566312,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,take my stick,prety gud
,Recommended,225540,19450834,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Cego em Tiroteio,"This game is incompatible with my contact lenses. For 3 hours I forgot to blink, now my eyes are very dry.It's an arcade game, but go for the sight seeing and acrobatics and ignore missions.Actually, no. It's not an arcade game because there's very little to no arbitrary challenge/punishment. It's still arcade in the sense that it's absurd, light hearted and exagerated action. But it's more sandbox than a challenge. The missions are a walk in the park. A parkour in the park. :PEven if you are not pushed to improve your skills with the game mechanics, they are fun to master and very organic. The hard part will be to motivate yourself to improve your skills without rewards and pats on the back. I guess the lack of punishment is because they wouldn't dare frustrate spoiled 2015 gamers.Just Cause 2 is one of my favorite games of all time. I don't know why I had a feeling that exploring was more varied back then. First thing I did on 3 was to complete first province, steer away from railed mission and go to the tallest mountain then reach a petrol platform on the other end. Somehow the biomes gave me a more repetitive feeling than JC2. Maybe the faster daycyle and weather changes on kept things more interesting. Driving is much worse on 3 (keyboard).There is catholic propaganda which is kinda disgusting. But it almost blends well with the latin egocentric violent characters."
,Recommended,225540,28389287,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,LJ #vacouttanowhere,Great game! Its worth to buy :))
,Recommended,225540,19426626,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,JOKERSMOKE106,Love this game.... When it runs.100% Will crash again
76561198053439096,Recommended,225540,28497031,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,BAXE,"Ok i have 66 hours of gameplay now, when i first purchased this game and read the reviews i was very worried, they mentioned everything from unimaginably poor handling, and no sprint, to basicaly repeating the same mission over and over. I decided to still give it a try because i love the videos on the store page.I was pleasantly suprisedwhoever wrote these negative reviews either just sucks at playing games and try to blame the game, or they expect the game to play itself. the vehical handing is completely managable no different then any other driving game and is actualy quite fun. Almost every mission is different with only a few repeat instances on small interaction quests (deliver crates/ or cars to gas station)  otherwise everything is new and fun each mission, as far as blowing stuff up there are unlimited ways  to go about it and finding the new ways to destroy is always a riot. Also whoever was complining about the fact u dont have a sprint button is a little slow in my book, who needs sprint when you have a grappling hook wing suit and parachute, you can get around alot faster on foot then any other game i know.I would strongly recommend this game to anyone who likes to blow stuff up, and look awsome while doing it!Totaly worth full price and i havent even gotten the dlc yet. Definitely looking forward to that!"
,Not Recommended,225540,24726839,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,BLACK DYNAMITE,crap game got to a misson where you had to lock on to other plains and there was no lock on so i cant do it been trying for like 3 hours now and i have a i7 and there is still lag♥♥♥♥♥♥pitcher
,Recommended,225540,19656037,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ding,Not broken for me. LOL.
,Recommended,225540,19501483,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Edw1n³,Best open-world game I have ever played.... When it works.
,Recommended,225540,24975410,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,GeNeRaL,Really good game
76561198074288231,Not Recommended,225540,19500438,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dúnadan of the North,"Despite having the reccomended specs, this game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Even if I put it on the lowest settings it still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥If this isn't sorted within a short period of time, I'm gettign a refund. This is unacceptable and this should have been fixed BEFORE it was released!it's almost as if NVIDIA had bribes these guys to sabotage AMD users. What kikes."
,Recommended,225540,20026040,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,™Kuro_Sky™,mantep gamenya seru kendaraannya bisa pke nos pokoknya ajib
76561198012229880,Recommended,225540,19458443,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,S1nu4l,"No problems at all, don't get all the negative reviews"
,Not Recommended,225540,32005680,Posted: 27 May,all,Schroom,♥♥♥♥ this game. it causes my PC to freeze randomly. sometimes after 2 minutes sometimes after 10 hours.savegames aren't recoverable and aren't saved in a cloud. so yay start over again. ♥♥♥♥ that and ♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198310171910,Recommended,225540,33261542,Posted: 4 July,all,Udin | CSLottos,Very funny shooting game
76561198127496645,Recommended,225540,33198557,Posted: 3 July,all,Commie Box | trade.tf,love it.
,Not Recommended,225540,28973097,Posted: 3 January,all,THREE STRIPES,nope just nope
76561198025359976,Not Recommended,225540,24508098,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mannoso,"Awful vehicle physics, lots of issues that has not been fixed yet.Only buy it for a very low price. Or don't buy it at all, probably better."
76561198019435929,Not Recommended,225540,23484096,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Paramox,It was awefull
76561198085863896,Recommended,225540,19749518,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Sniggs,HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME. HAVE A DECENT SPEC PC NOT TOP END BY ANY MEANS. GAME RUNS VERY SMOOTH.
76561198079992235,Not Recommended,225540,29883578,Posted: 12 February,all,Emilx,this game is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥so sad...
,Not Recommended,225540,29133825,Posted: 8 January,all,Hamiru,"Let's start with Just Cause 2 and Just Cause 3 comparison.JC2's controls are a bit wacky to begin with, but acceptable. JC3 however has a mediocre controls set for PC.Graphically, JC3 is better than JC2, although a bit only.Graphically, it's obviously better than JC2, but only if you have a decent graphic card. I have GTX 960 2GB, and running JC2 on High setting renders the game beautifully, but that only goes so far. I can only enjoy JC3 gameplay on Low to Medium graphic setting.Wingsuit, another point goes to JC3.And this is the most important part of the comparison for these two: vehicle handling. While JC2's vehicle handling is not great, most vehicles are easy to handle and maneuver. In JC3, vehicle handling is worst than any open world games I've played. Not surprised, since Avalanche Studios handed the vehicle handling work to Criterion Games's hired staffs. Remember how most Need for Speed fans complained CG has 'killed' the NFS franchise?I enjoy playing JC2 and expected the same excitement with JC3. However, JC3 fails to live up to my expectation. And probably because my expectation was too high, I rage quitted.But let's not fret over my negative review just because I only played for a couple of hours; I've explored so much within these few hours by not gawking at its graphic.And when my frustration with this game is over, I will play it again. Just not anytime soon."
76561198026440763,Recommended,225540,19410844,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Kaulu,"Beautiful explosions. Corny voice acting and a cheesy story. Vehicles are completely optional, as the wingsuit and grapple hook is all you really need. It's like an Arnie/Segal movie made into a video game...a good video game."
76561198028875900,Not Recommended,225540,22198935,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,soloviev.maxim,nice graphics nice sandboxbut the story is unbearable makes you wanna pukeit is gayer then pee-wee
,Recommended,225540,19592465,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,CBA110,Best game ever!
,Recommended,225540,19592959,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,g i r t h q u a k e,"This game is fun, don't listen to all the hateRuns at a solid 80-144 fps with 980ti and I7-4790k, 16GB Ram"
,Recommended,225540,19685980,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,nutts v3,♥♥♥♥in amaze 8/8
,Not Recommended,225540,29056127,Posted: 6 January,all,Goblin,"How do games with such AMAZING, AWESOME ideas....but such TERRIBLE Frame Rates get released!? this game is simply UNPLAYABLE!! and my system meets the RECOMMENDED REQUIREMENTS!!"
,Not Recommended,225540,19440780,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,LopDerLP,"I´ve only bought this Game because of the explosions, but the only thing that exploded was my pc"
,Not Recommended,225540,32000806,Posted: 27 May,all,๖ۣۜLucky ⓢⓤⓖⓐⓡ,"Pros:Wide array of vehiclesWide array of weaponsLots of explosionsGreat exploring potential with unlimited grappling hook, parachute and wingsuit.Lot's of creative things can be done (like tethering an npc to another and watch them crush together or tethering a npc to a high point, retract the tethers and then break them, making the npc go high in to the sky)ConsGraphics are absolutely not what were to be expectedExtremely repetitiveGame does a terrible job in making you get attached to a character or liking themThe story of the game is extremely simple, abusive goverment abusing everything and to disrupt them you create a rebel force and break their stuff, that's it.The 'drama' in the game sucks and is never timed right, nothing makes sense.Terrible physics (No, grappling to the ground and reeling towards it does not break a fall)It might be just me but every character's accent and personality is extremely irritating and awful.No realism at allAiming is cranky and bullets never go straight where you are aiming.This game was awful, not what we were expecting at all, a game for kids, it could have been SO MUCH MORE, the story doesn't keep you interested, the game doesn't do a great job of keeping you attached to it, all it does is give you an enviroment full of breakable stuff, explosive things and a lot of 'challenges' to try and keep you playing to achieve them, and for ♥♥♥♥ sake's, STOP CONSTANTLY PAUSING MY GAME TO CONNECT TO YOUR SERVERS!3/10"
76561198282504968,Recommended,225540,27636784,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SHoTYouR!@$#,alot play very game much play
,Not Recommended,225540,19439773,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,🎩 Chiff  🎩,Ridiculous minimum requirements and didn't run well despite matching them.
,Recommended,225540,20698099,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Sponge Tyrone,by far the best game of 2015-16
,Recommended,225540,19409055,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MaartenvB123 ツ,"I love the game i can run it at a stable 480p01   amazing right.wish marios madre could cook me a new GPU because if you have less than the minimum specs you gonna have a bad time.Got a New GPU for this gameWith my new GPU it works ok, well sometimes crashes but i think thats my CPU :SI love this game and im sure its gonna become better after some patches :D"
,Recommended,225540,19409074,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cancerous Nugget,"This is exactly what you would expect from the just cause series. It's entertaining, violent, and creative. With changes to the tether system and a much larger expansion of destructible environment this game is the exact havoc fest that you want."
,Recommended,225540,19408947,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TheLionsMane,"I have always loved the just cause games. This one is exceptionally good, the wingsuit is extremely fun to fly around and be a super hero in.  seems to need a little optimization but overall this game exceeds my expectations for it and beyond.  The destruction physics is super fun to play around with, especially with the tethers.  I can get super creative with the things i destroy.  A game anyone could enjoy."
,Recommended,225540,19408995,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,FortyDollarRug,"A performance report:i5 4670K 3.4 GHz (just below recommended)GTX 970 4GB (quite far above recomended)16 GB RAM (waaaaaay above recomended)Able to play it a smooth 60 fps in most situations, if I reduce shadows to High and LOD bias to High.Occasional and unexplained stutters when it dips to around 58 fps, which is a little bit noticable.Explosions. WHY in a game which is based around explosions, which uses explosions as the main way of story progression, fun, fighting and destruction, I am experiencing framedrops to as low as 30 when there are a few explosions on screen I'll never know.With my GPU, the highest graphical settings and the highest number of physics objects should not be a problem, based on the recommended hardware; but they are.With my CPU I could understand if having a lot of NPCs on screen would cause a bit of lag; but it doesn't.I can't actually tell how much of each resource JC3 is using, as the game will not run with the resource monitor I use.Currently there is no NVIDIA game ready driver for JC3, so that isn't helping.Overall, it's not the worst performance you could expect from a PC port. For some people they'll probably not even notice any issues, some will struggle to launch the game, but the majority will experience huge frame rate issues from time to time.If you can cope with a few framerate drops, get this game.Here's hoping a patch is on it's way."
76561198120387360,Recommended,225540,20245444,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dog Cop 69,Shut up and buy the dam game!
,Not Recommended,225540,19926001,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Uni,"Horribly Ported, unplayable performance.Refund button works great thoughGame: 9/10Performance: -1/10"
,Not Recommended,225540,19898045,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,FallenDeity,Like the game.... but at this point i cant recomend. This is more a shoutout to the devs... I'm having massive fps spikes. I have a 950gtx and 16 gb ram so its not my computer. the game will go from 60fps to 2 fps in a matter of one explosion randomly. Even at the lowest settings there is massive frame spikes... so until an update comes out for the game where it fixes this my review stands.
,Not Recommended,225540,19554376,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,merrimen,
,Recommended,225540,19971581,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[GL] hoopsure,Ok so it's playable but it lags a lot but I have a kinda low end laptop. Wait for it to be optimized and it will be ok.The good:ExplosionsWing suitThe bad:EDIT: Lag was most likely my bad pc or bad optimization at the time.
76561198072455009,Recommended,225540,19557535,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,gtgtgt-2011,Arabic ??????????????
76561198017690198,Recommended,225540,19580566,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Malboro,"Playing half way, suddenly the whole game just shut down. please fix this issues thank you"
76561198053000587,Recommended,225540,19450754,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Barty,"Have been having a blast with this game, No frame drops, A couple of visual glitches but it hasnt been out that long so it can be excused. People that are having performance issues i dont know what drugs you are on or what kind of rig you are using but i think its time for an upgrade. This game doesnt need story or dramatic events, Its just blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up and smile while doing it. load a car in the back of a cargo plane and drive it out with boosters on the bottom. Thats the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥that is sooo good about the game"
76561197971728000,Recommended,225540,19782147,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Myratir,Too bad it DOSENT F/*/*ing work.....
,Not Recommended,225540,20057931,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rinderyne,Can someone help me make this game LESS LAGGY I cant even get passed the first mission thing...
,Recommended,225540,20282551,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Blackinferno,"awesome game, fly around like a badass. got a lot of undeserved hate on release because of porting problems, but its all fixed mostly. must have if u got the cash"
,Not Recommended,225540,20277998,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Subnautica is best game,"This game is a lame port from consoles. I don't have any performance issues like other people, but I have a 8GB Nvidia GTX 880m and a quad-core i7 with 16GB of RAM.The FOV is too constrained and you can't change it, but that's irrelevent compared to the other problems. You can't change the keys used for certain actions so, although you can change the crappy default key mapping, you'll still have unchangable things like having Rico detonate placed explosives when you press ""F"". CTRL is back in the UI and is unchangeable, which I will never get used to, but that's acceptable to me.I almost returned the game because of how much it dissapointed me. I only decided to keep this game due to some peer pressure, the new grappling stuff, and the possibility of the vehicle handling being eventually fixed by mods.The dual-wielding system exists in the sense that a brain-dead person is still alive.I loved the vehicle handling in JC2, but they've butchered it in JC3. Motorcycles are made completely useless by the miserably crappy laggy handling. Cars are ok, but I'm still dissapointed because they're not as good as they were in JC2.No dodge-roll. No alt-jumping between vehicles. You can walk around on top of a vehicle now, but when on top of a vehicle Rico walks REALLY slowly.You can get better games for far less money, a great example is JC2. I recommend this game only if you can get it for less than $20.Please do not give the developers more money for making a pile of crap, they need to learn to make better games."
,Recommended,225540,28816764,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Orange,"Good game, wouldn't recommend playing with only 8gb ram, it works but very laggy"
,Recommended,225540,28620413,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tony Spaghetti,i bought it... its alright.
76561198059206964,Not Recommended,225540,29976127,Posted: 16 February,all,//Axius27,Couldn't even get past the main menu the lag was so bad :(
76561198210572775,Recommended,225540,25374600,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,M7TaaR,wow
,Not Recommended,225540,28881850,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,oubipaws,"This is honestly a FANTASTIC game as I've invested 75+ hours on PS4, but after testing the PC version, avoid it at all costs.  This game crashes constantly, frame rate is atrocious, and it's not worth the hassle.   Shame on the developer.  :("
64952774537825682,Recommended,225540,25763718,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,アニメビースト アニメ,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW POSTED: 6 JUNE, 2015█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄"
,Recommended,225540,25089132,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Superficial Medic,"Great game if you have the pc to run it. I have a pretty good pc and am loving it. But most of my friends cannot play it. There really needs to be more options to turn down graphics. Just cause 2 ran awesomely on any computer.This game runs terribly unless you have a beastThe DLC is fun but kind of ruins the game a little bit so i would reccomend only doing the DLC after the story or at least towards the end of the story. Because otherwise the game becomes dull, i can liberate a base in like 20 seconds using the eden spark and maybe 1 minute using the wingsuit and jetpack.The wingsuit is sooo much fun. When i first started out it was insanely difficult but now i find myself going through tunnels as fast as i can and climbing straight up mountains. It is alot of fun gliding through the world and i found that sometimes i actually spent hours on end flying around doing stunts."
76561198107792637,Recommended,225540,25090567,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Leeik21,Very good game. I dont understand all dislikes.
76561198030030425,Recommended,225540,25139682,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,I enjoy in game very good grafics and gameplay but game start fast repeating JC 2 was more fun but overall it s fun game.
,Recommended,225540,24033359,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,"SaiyajiN Señor Senior, Junior","Really fun game, not sure what those people did to their machines, for me its running well (60-70 fps).rig:i7 6700980 ti32gb ram"
,Not Recommended,225540,23649234,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ilio,My save has disappeared with all of my progress and it seems others have had this issue as well.
,Recommended,225540,19576806,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Black hunting safari cops,This game will kill your pc and take up so much space. Great game though.
,Not Recommended,225540,20213181,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TheDoctor,gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥game looks good but controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥to much enemysSO A FEW MORE HOURS INTO THE GAME AND-CAMARA IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TAI IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥THEALTH SYSTEM IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T THE AMOUNT OF ENEMYS YOU GOT EVEN IN 1 STAR IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥THELICPOTERS DONT EVEN GET ME STARTED I CAN SHOOT 5000 MISSLES ON A HELICPTER WHEN A ENEMY IS INSIDEBUT WHEN IM IN A HELICPOTER ONE BULLET AND I CRUSH SO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T
,Recommended,225540,19489094,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ム |< KG,"Im running this game more than fine.Stable FPS and havent lagged once, though it can bug like he** sometimes, like glitching through a helicopter and die, or just be stuck inside a building.9/11 would stuck inside a chopper again.Playing maxed out with the following setup ;4790K @ 4.5GhzGTX 980"
,Not Recommended,225540,30955971,Posted: 4 April,all,Kim Jong Il,"Not recommended for computer at all! Constantly crashes for me and I have a very good computer. It gives a notification that I am LOWER than required and my PC can run games like GTA V without a speck of lag and yet a game like this lags and crashes every 10 minutes. When it rains I can barely play from lag. Not worth $60, just get it on a console and not PC because no matter how good your computer is, you will crash at somepoint in time."
76561197963354205,Not Recommended,225540,21799831,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Kn00blauch,Didn't even run well at 640x480...
76561197989047519,Not Recommended,225540,21807655,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,MarkyMark,"There's nothing like coming home after a hard days work to unwind with a good relaxing gaming session... unfortunately this is not it, ♥♥♥♥ this game for all its worth.The good bits:So prettyDriving around is fun, if not simpleThe bad bits:Everything else, and repetitive too… over and over and over again and again.And god help you if you ever fail a mission, because the game will tell you, in great detail, with a flashing score, of how much you failed.To sum up, everything about the playability of this game is so much like work I need to find another hobby to relax from playing this game."
76561198254721507,Not Recommended,225540,21800200,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ezoe,"Upddate:So, I beated this game.This time, the loading time is about 10 seconds.But Loading screen happens a lot so it's still frustrating.Also, this game crash in no longer than 6 hours.The gameplay was completely generic ordinary shooter game.Boring.Original review:It's bad. It's really bad.I don't know where to begin.I don't experience graphic glitches, crash, or freeze.The game pass basic sanity check in the highest graphics settings.The problem I encountered is the loading time.The loading time took so long. It's unacceptable.When I first encoutered it, I thought the game was freezed or something.The loading screen consists of entirely black screen with tiny animated icons at right bottom corner.Then I have to wait for really really long time.I don't remember how long it was.But it think it was longer than 5 minutes.As I assumed game was glitched and about to terminate the process,It finally finished loading to show 10 seconds cutscene and then... another loading screen for a few minutes.After that, I beated the mission in a few minutes and another loading screen for a few minutes.Then a few dozen seconds cutscene and guess what?Another loading screen which took a few minutes to finish!In my entire less than 2 hours of gameplay, I spend more time in the loading screen than gameplay.This is unplayeable.Yes, my storage is SSD.I can't play long enough to evaluate the actual gameplay.But in my limited playtime, it was boring and not worth your money for.It was so bad I'm going to ask refund for the first time in my steam history.EDIT:As it turns out. I purchased this game with rise of tomb raider which was a good game.So If I request refunds, steam also remove tomb raider.For the sake of tomb raider, I can't request refund for this game.Nice work stealing my money Square Enix and Edios."
,Recommended,225540,27778785,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BasePro,Amzing
,Recommended,225540,20873112,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Tuumas,Its like Just cause 2 but better.
,Recommended,225540,32263238,Posted: 8 June,all,John Wick,#dicksoutforharambe
,Recommended,225540,22840296,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ItZa,the best game i`ve ♥♥♥♥ing played in my ♥♥♥♥ing life!!!! after csgo
76561197997075618,Not Recommended,225540,30010725,Posted: 18 February,all,[KiLL] Davie,DON'T BUY THIS GAME EVER!!!This would have to be the most bug filled game ive played in the last few years even compared to many alpha games i mean atleast they start and run for longer than 5 minutes please dont buy this game it's not good hell its not worth getting the game for free its that bad it was a great way to waste 50gb worth of downloads
76561197970241000,Not Recommended,225540,19448229,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,cdman86,"Sucks. I can't miss an enemy. I hit all enemies 100% of the time which makes it boring. Clearly this is supposed to be a console game for kids instead of a PC game. The game keeps interrupting itself as it keeps trying to ""log me in"" every few minutes. Why can't they just let me play this game without having me log in and lose connection to its servers every few minutes? Why can't I use skill in shooting anemies instead of never missing? I just started the game and already these issues are too much I want my money back."
76561198053353939,Not Recommended,225540,29254997,Posted: 14 January,all,cfcommando,"Wow, I'm so glad I get to play Just Ca***logging in***se 3.  It's so fun to glide ar***logging in***ound and shooting stuff.  Great open wor***logging in***ld and you can***logging in***blow up just about everyti***logging in***ng.  Missions are super***logging in***fun and it's a pl***logging in***easure to explore the map"
76561198156021248,Recommended,225540,24495203,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,WeeHammy,"one of the best games i have played so far, the sheer destruction of everything is all i have ever wanted to do in  a game. This game looks f***ing amazing and it runs perfectly. 10/10 for me"
,Not Recommended,225540,32666541,Posted: 22 June,all,peternied,"I can't play this game on my modern PC with a 980, it sudders and is crashing.  Its a shame :("
76561198062446943,Not Recommended,225540,28602902,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,pepinator.sp,"This game is broken. After the opening cutscene (if I can even make it there) the game crashes instantly. If they fix this problem, I'll write a glowing review of this thing. It looks awsome! But I need to be able to play it in order to... play it. Please fix this."
76561198171711702,Recommended,225540,27026300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,stay cool bird boy,oh kill me
,Recommended,225540,21184498,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Private Pepperoni,"4/5Fantastic 5/5 game NOW not a launch. The Graphics were messed up and glitchy at launch. took about a week for an update to come out to fix that problem. putting that aside, this a funny, fantastic game. Just wish there is multiplayer."
,Recommended,225540,31657300,Posted: 9 May,all,is a fucking loser,i keep dying everytime I get killed please help
,Recommended,225540,30259272,Posted: 1 March,all,Ron Swanson,"I don't know about y'all, but I sure as hell didn't come down from the goddamn Smoky Mountains, cross five thousand miles of water, fight my way through half of Sicily and jump out of a ♥♥♥♥in' air-o-plane............."
,Recommended,225540,30026986,Posted: 18 February,all,FR33DOM :P,GOODGAME
76561198192972014,Not Recommended,225540,31459181,Posted: 30 April,all,pichayutpicsuit,I'm the just cause fan i play jc1 jc2 and then it finally came out my dream come true!! there fix the voice of the characther and plus the graphic is so gorgeous BUT WHEN I DRIVE A CAR IT SO TERRIBLE WHEN I CRASH A WEAK OBJECT LIKE EXAMPLE A GARBAGE! AND IT JUST STUCK WOW THE DRIVING IS SO TERRIBLE!
,Recommended,225540,31438992,Posted: 29 April,all,Strife,GTA on steroidsPeople compaining about the performance should upgrade their PCNot the devs fault if you don't have a powerful enough PC to run it
76561198095309674,Not Recommended,225540,21626757,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ky-Bear Old No.7,
76561198040406774,Recommended,225540,19975880,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Theoddis,I am having fun so far. a lot of what was broke in 2 got fixed in 3my only gripe is the cars and biles handle horribly..but with the wing suit who needs to drive
76561198292068101,Not Recommended,225540,26496571,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ZESLAYT123,"Horrible game runtime, 30 or less fps."
76561198207359359,Recommended,225540,24697003,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,opofficerpanda,i Think This game Is Good For People who dont realy care about the story but care about just plain distruction. The game is veary intersting but the plot lacks but gameplau amazing
,Recommended,225540,29534903,Posted: 27 January,all,SOCOM,all i'll say is that it seems better when you don't play the first or second one before this.
,Recommended,225540,19423774,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Kim Jong Kardashian,Pulled down a power station with my bare hands. Nuff said.
,Recommended,225540,20006407,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dont Sleep,"So, I've played Five hours so far...First two spend trying to fix geometrical ground breakage,♥♥♥♥♥♥pixel artifacting(where a big group of the pixel 8bit looking♥♥♥♥♥♥♥would appear in foliage) and crashing but the moment at 5am they realesed the patch for this game I fell in love just like I did with JC2.Gameplay is the best I've played in a long while(driving is well improved from JC2, but still meh) and the explosion physics plus speedy cars makes you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself your laughing so damn hard.If you're willing to spend the time to update the driver patch and do some troublshooting it's so ♥♥♥♥ing worth it.*BTW* Troubling reasons if you have been on an isolated island for the last month are (mostly) due to AMD gpu's, some Nvidia ones have them as well but in my case(A 390) really needed some tuning."
76561198023025079,Not Recommended,225540,21555712,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,pandm,"Much smaller map compared to what Just Cause 2 had.  Also you are forced into racing, etc. to get gear mods where in JC2 you found them as you liberated towns and military installations.  Grappling and parachute is improved in JC3 but just about everything else that I found fun in JC2 is gone.  This is open world but small world and very controlled as to what you can or cant do.  Very hard to grapple enemies to ignited gas tanks, etc. compaired to JC2.  I wish JC2 would still run without crashing on my system as I enjoyed JC2 much more than JC3."
76561198029180753,Not Recommended,225540,31980167,Posted: 26 May,all,mmx30714,"If I were to sum up Just Cause 3 in one sentence. I would say that Just Cause 2 is to a Big Mac as Just Cause 3 is to a hastily prepared Double Big Mac. Which may sound like a good thing at first, but because Just Cause 3 came out after Just Cause 2, it just couldn't quite delivers the same impact. So if you haven't played Just Cause 2, go play that instead as it is much better composed overall.Pors:1. More weapons, especially the explosive kind. Which isn't a bad thing per say. But personally, the only addition that I find interesting is the Eden Spark, which isn't even included in the base game.2. Nice graphics/environment. I really wish you could jump into the world of Just Cause 3 with Oculus Rift because it looks like a really nice vacation spot. However, perhaps it's because the dev put so much more attention to finer details, there weren't as many big cityscape like in Just Cause 2, or interesting location like the mile high club, or that really fancy casino at the start of Just Cause 2.3. Nice soundtrack. Especially the open world music. Again, with Oculus Rift, it feels like I could spend an entire after noon just chilling on a beach and maybe reading a book (if someone figure out how to add an overlay that lets me read books in a virtual environment)Cons:1. Story. After I play Just Cause 2 I comment during a stream somewhere that Just Cause 2's story really lack luster. but when I started playing Just Cause 3, my low expectation was completely shattered. Because not only was Just Cause 3's story bad, it's near incoherent; most character and faction wasn't properly introduced and merely got thrown at your face. I think partly it's because it's an open world game, and then there's additional DLC added to the mix that made the progression that much more unpredictable (i.e: new player could play DLC 3 before playing DLC 1). In short, story in Just Cause series are the things that you really shouldn't think too much about or else you get a headache.2. Bad facial animation. I don't generally hold a high standard with in game cutscene. Imagine how bad it has to be for me to notice it's inadequacy. There is this scene where the antagonist ordered one of his soldier to kill himself where as the soldier swallowed a bullet with a poker face. Come on Dev, I'm not expecting Oscar performance, but please at least put in some half decent effort to emote, pull an eyebrow for christ sake.3. Everything blows up, sometimes on it's own. Some people might wonder how this is a bad thing. I got two word for you : ""escort mission"". I like explosion as much as the next guy but when they make your escort target equally flamable it gets really annoying when you have to babysit your target to safety.4. Multiplayer. Honestly I'm not sure how this went over their head. Maybe the suits is squeezing the dev hard to release the game early or they figured multiplayer could come out as a DLC. But for some reason, after the success of Just Cause 2 fan modded multiplayer mode, the Dev decided to release Just Cause 3 without multiplayer. Amazing.In short. It's hard to recommend Just Cause 3 at this price. It's certainly prettier compare to Just Cause 2. But it plays out more or less the same compare to its predecessor. It even hides some additional fun content in DLCs as well. So even though the game isn't inherently bad per say, but it definitely lackluster and expensive at it's full price. Don't get this game unless it's on sale."
,Recommended,225540,29471050,Posted: 24 January,all,CheekyChiken,ugilkjlk
76561198095430013,Recommended,225540,28401846,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,What DaFuq,good
76561198064480852,Not Recommended,225540,30036355,Posted: 19 February,all,RechoTZ,♥♥♥♥♥game;can't save and play the game always start firstcan't fix
,Not Recommended,225540,23384438,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,MasterBETA,"I am not one of those people that demands 60 FPS and no glitches, but I do expect above 15 FPS...."
,Recommended,225540,28369329,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,⎛⎝YeOldWarChap⎠⎞,Buy it. Why? JUST CAUSE!!...3
,Not Recommended,225540,33820668,Posted: 26 July,all,ashermash,Dog dog 123UnfinishedAnd I refunded itThat is about it
,Not Recommended,225540,21680603,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Keepsie,Just wasnt for me... HATED THE ONLINE ALWAYS CRAP
76561198011577708,Not Recommended,225540,28360725,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,pmh,Too many bugs. Got a refund.
,Recommended,225540,25054488,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Alucard,"Explosions look gloriousI blew up a petrol station, not my proudest fap."
76561198237226306,Not Recommended,225540,21373170,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,mr youtube guy,it is to lagy i can barrerly move
,Not Recommended,225540,30387462,Posted: 8 March,all,Nakey,"ungod damn  playable.fix the ♥♥♥♥ing memory leak devs! jesus christ.oh btw i've finished the last two getting a 97.something% completion on the 2nd, that's how much i liked the game."
,Recommended,225540,19793624,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,The Son,Running this game on a GTX 750 1GBHave no problems constant 30FPSAnd low settings still looks good!BEST MICHEAL BAY MOVIE EVER!! - 10/10
76561198120549293,Recommended,225540,20365341,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Keags 👻,Better than first one
76561198066805710,Recommended,225540,19809463,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,GeneralSpilled,Just cause 3 for me is one of the most enjoyable games ive ever played. 1. its gorgeous 2. I am aa big fan of the blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up for fun genre. I have played 17 hours and fell in love with the game in the first 5 minutes and has so far been my favourite time waster of 2015 (apart from fallout 4 ofc)
,Recommended,225540,19806403,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,i dig anime,"gud game12,7/10"
76561198122802787,Recommended,225540,21668210,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,sbarton1979,just sweg
76561198218466668,Recommended,225540,33793275,Posted: 25 July,all,PotatoLord,BEST GAME
76561198226905328,Recommended,225540,24774084,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,The Champion777,This game is realy intense I like it real good game I recomend get this game only if u have a strong graphics card tho because i cant even run it now anyway buy this game right now its a realy good game i saw tons of videos on youtube about it its awesome XD
,Recommended,225540,22623818,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,RokoG (2nd profile),"I recommend this game. Its fun,cool...I mean it would be better if i had the sky fortress dlc u kno."
,Recommended,225540,22625246,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,YeraX,I love this game! EXPLOSIONS EVERYWHERE!
,Recommended,225540,19514038,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Arikirin,You can tether people to other people10/10
76561198124233606,Recommended,225540,23858085,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,lil Moé Scout Beasy,min vän emil gillar det här spelet
76561198271940656,Recommended,225540,22667731,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DigBick,its fun
,Recommended,225540,20059164,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ivan,"I keep hearing people say that it's always crashing but I don't crash as often. It really only works for Nvidia, which I am using. I only crashed once but it was because I went out of the map. The destruction is beautiful in the game. It can be buggy sometimes like when you die it goes in slowmotionuntil you restart the game which is annoying. And theres also the invisible water glitch. I think the game might have been released a bit early, but it's fine. You can get mods and stuff to fix those bugs anyway. Overall, the game is awesome."
76561198070996137,Recommended,225540,24999577,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,dhabak777,good.... map is not that dense and physics of cars arent that good... story not good...action is good..... good explosions and wingsuit is awesome...could really use a multiplayer thou
,Recommended,225540,27319717,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,millema,"THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER!!! The grapling hook and wing suit mechanic is amazing and whenever I play another game I miss it and feel like it would be better if it had it. I love open world games and this is the best, Chaos is amazing, and its HUGE!!! I never get board."
,Not Recommended,225540,23411928,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Skhizzy,"Well i'd love to write a awesome long, detailed review for this game, especially since i bought the XL edition... But ive tried everything i could think of and everything i could find on the internet but to no avail. I cant even get the game to launch, have never even made it to the start screen. Ive never had a game that my PC just couldn't run but this one seems to be just that. 0/10 completely unplayableSpecs8350 fx vishera cpuXFX 7950 ghost core ed. gpu16gb RAMSabretooth 990fx mbPretty sure i pass the min specs...."
76561198091783539,Recommended,225540,23998145,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Demon,"I love the game, I really do, but don't ever go to the bigger fortresses like Cima Leon, I captured it, but the enemy defenses still activate, it's just annoying, I capture areas that are restricted areas, and they remain restricted, Just cause 2 Had alot less bugs. If you wanna get annoyed alot, this is the game for you, but it can still be fun, just, the jets bombing me 24/7 gets a little annoying."
76561198006446499,Not Recommended,225540,33990662,Posted: 3 August,all,Ghost Cypher,Whoever made this game has only experienced motorcycles the was a horny 11yr old boy has experienced naked women by seeing photos in a great uncle's dusty magazine collection.
76561198026714441,Recommended,225540,33988714,Posted: 3 August,all,aastanleyhunt,Awesome game. Gets a little repetative after a while but ill give it an 8/10
,Recommended,225540,20214299,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TheViciousGamer,Good but getting alot of frap drops
,Not Recommended,225540,23921636,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Factro | Stretch,very sad when you cant get past the intro.. IT YOU HAVE NVIDIA GTX GRAPHICS CARD DO NOT BUY!!!! Crashes a lot
,Not Recommended,225540,23920533,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MrSuperFreaky,Unplayable :(
,Recommended,225540,33824455,Posted: 26 July,all,Imperius,Nice!
76561198089365571,Not Recommended,225540,33824457,Posted: 26 July,all,indiemcemopants,It's ridiculous how much worse this sequel is than the last one.
76561198088397733,Recommended,225540,19740018,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Pickle Rick!,"This game is amazing! The only thing that would be bad is if you have a crappy computer, then you will get many glitches but since I have an exceptional computer this game is amazing! Great graphics, great story line, great open world!"
,Recommended,225540,20923071,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,★| (• ◡•)|☭,♥♥♥♥ING GOOD GAME MATE 15$ NOW BUY IT♥♥♥♥♥
76561198142844590,Recommended,225540,29413486,Posted: 21 January,all,BOARDER PATROL,GUD
,Recommended,225540,23098415,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mammoot tank,awesome game runs abit slow but A W E S O M E.
,Recommended,225540,20664950,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Admiral of war,Must have game!
76561198154362174,Recommended,225540,20679732,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,barrycraig007,its absoloutley brilliant so fun and the explosians are insane
,Recommended,225540,19424670,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Curtis Durane,fun... I can hang people on buildings
76561198147736238,Not Recommended,225540,19594176,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,bran,boobs
,Recommended,225540,21645337,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,COFFIN FLEET,my nobs are gud - ok/ok
,Recommended,225540,29236266,Posted: 13 January,all,pump,"Let me start off by saying this, THIS GAME IS GODLY. This game is loads of fun even if its not multiplayer. Before you buy this game (because we all know you want it that bad cuz its the best game ever), make sure you can run this game. I suggest making sure you have a NVIDIA gtx 1020 or higher. If you are a laptop player, a GeForce 940m will do. If you ARE playing on a LAPTOP, run all low settings and you should get a solid 50 fps which is all you need. If you would like to see what low and optimized laptop settings look like, check out my screenshots for Just Cause 3, it should be somewhere in there. If you are not on a laptop, you should be able to run this game with high settings getting about 80-130 fps depending on your graphics card. Usually, I dont write essays like this as a review, but I love this game so much so I had too!"
,Not Recommended,225540,33022994,Posted: 29 June,all,dad,this game crashes way to ♥♥♥♥ing much.  I have a good pc with 900 gb and when i play it i crashed! this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,225540,21091773,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,fuckoff,>blow things up>lame mission>blow more stuff up>lame mission>do challenges>blow stuff up>play bowling ball with soldiers as pins and the head of a stature as ball>throw a cow off a cliff>hit a deer>mourn for deer>cry>get no sleep>get on game again>see deer>wait that isnt deer>his family is there>apolagize>cry and grieve for loss of deer friend>launch nukes at deers to resolve my shame and kill witnesses10/10/10 would nuke deers again.
,Recommended,225540,21086895,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Flair,like
76561198014642660,Recommended,225540,21093528,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,JEDC | RubberBand Man,"Every sequel makes less sense to use the title in conversation.  ""Why didn't you come out last night?""  ""Just Cause 3"""
,Recommended,225540,20682595,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Sandy no seikatsu,"Amazing. Just. Amazing. So fun, The colors make you feel happy and messing around with EVERYTHING is extremely fun! I'd rate it about 9/10. If you're debating if you should buy it because of how much it costs... Worth every Nickel. Plus G3A has it for 30$"
76561198206029271,Not Recommended,225540,30679766,Posted: 22 March,all,pegmtate,wont work plz help waist of money
,Recommended,225540,33856539,Posted: 28 July,all,Whats poppin' B,Very fun to mess around in I would recomend
76561198081587578,Not Recommended,225540,22521314,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Dman75626,Very poor excuse of a game. Literally can only play for less than 10 minutes. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. FOR THE LOW PRICE OF $60 YOU DON'T GET JUST CAUSE 3. YOU GET CRASH SIMULATOR INSTEAD.
,Recommended,225540,22823338,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Gg,Doesn't have the mile high clubWorst game ever 1/10
76561198128120045,Recommended,225540,21615654,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Rtauhn,it runs suprisingly well on my potato computer! (at lowest graphics( not much to ask for))
,Recommended,225540,27568718,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dartrous | TradeF1.com,"Literally... like literally... THE bestest OPen WoRld GAmE eVeR WHERE EXPLOSIONS HAPPEN *whispers quietly* ""explosions"""
76561198342267516,Recommended,225540,31411968,Posted: 28 April,all,MDZ || PUKI,nice world nooobsss
,Not Recommended,225540,19439968,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,XD mcgee,"I don't know if it's because I have AMD but I am well above minimum requirements and have to run at low with lowest res to play. I was so hyped, Y U DO DIS TO US?!?!?!?!?!"
76561198102416964,Recommended,225540,28429187,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Hornet,"Michael Bay Simulator 3 is, despite its many bugs, a fun game. Thought I'd break down the pros and cons:Pros:+Extremely big map with a good amount to do in terms of blowing up everything and anything+DLC adds some awesome stuff like jetpacks, mechs, and a gun that makes Zeus your b****+Once you beat the story you can re-oppress any of the towns/bases (some DLC places can't be unfortunately)+Rebel drops don't cost money like JC2 so as long as you can get more flares, you can get more stuff to mess with+Enough to destroy that you'll definitely have a blast (pun intended)+Gear mods make things a lot more interesting and add some variety to the gameCons:-Very buggy, feels unpolished at times-Story isn't very exciting, most missions are glorified escort/protect missions which get boring fast-Massive frame drop issue (I believe the term is memory leak, don't know if that's the best descriptor)-DLCs were fun but felt extremely short (2-3 missions)-Vehicle handling leaves a lot to be desired (especially boats IMO)-There are a few fun missions (such as the massive battles) which would be great to replay, but no replay feature exists-If every settlement/base in a province is re-oppressed, the DRM doesn't regain control of said province (not a huge issue, but I feel like that would make things a lot more interesting)-In terms of PC ports, this one leaves a LOT to be desired (looking at you, ""Ctl to exit the menu"")Tl;dr The game definitely has its issues, but at the end of the day if you need a game to blow off some steam and blow up some stuff en mass, then you could certainly do a lot worse. This game is just plain awesome and definitely a good time if you don't mind some issues here and there."
,Recommended,225540,28873324,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,HIT-MAN,BOOM BOOM!
76561198272109203,Recommended,225540,28537900,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Cameronstevens,great game
,Recommended,225540,19733563,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DelTree,Amazing game
,Not Recommended,225540,28419949,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Pilgrimm Wildcard,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥first Mad Max and now ths, Avelanche should leave game development asap. They done ♥♥♥♥ed up a good series. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port."
76561198111216603,Recommended,225540,23829327,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hastalavista,Hastalavistagaming played it and its AWESOME
76561198140395403,Not Recommended,225540,19449052,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,RavenousDovan,"This is sad, very sad. If you've looked on my Profile, I've spent a very decent amount of time playing JC2. I was so excited to hear they were bringing out JC3. I pre-ordered thinking I was going to be amazed, but sadly that was not the case. I spent 4 hours downloading a game too full of bugs and glitches to even play properly. And the sad thing is, the Framerate, Bugs and glitches are the only things wrong. But sadly the goods outweigh the Bads. Lets see what they got right, and what they got wrongRight:The Gameplay is classic JC2, the Wingsuit spices things up, and the Parachute now has a good purpose.The game looks fantastic, with so many different things to do just like the originalDestruction is as good as ever, with many different ways of destroying things.The new grappling hooks are brilliant, making so many new ways of explosions, and utter chaos.Now lets look at the Cons.Wrong:The textures in the background do not load properly, so terrain floats on mountains.For some people, water does not appear in the game, like for me. Which is annoying since these games have the most beautiful water, and it's annoying falling into water without warningThe Framerate is just terrible, it stutters all the time, from explosions to simple WingsuitingGame will freeze or crash constantly, especially exiting from menu's and just normal gameplay.AMD users got screwed over.Car's handling is so horrible, too slow of turning, not fast enough speedNo health bar, no minimapAnd a horrible PC Port (Cause of all of these)Remember though, this is Pre-Patch, I was just so dissapointed since they had such a long time to make this game. Hopefully the Patch makes me delete this and right my words.Sadly I can't reccomend this yet."
,Not Recommended,225540,29521885,Posted: 27 January,all,mi6jack,4\10 too much water
76561198220563069,Recommended,225540,30754698,Posted: 26 March,all,AnnaLowe,"First, on Windows 7 the game lags but then I put Windows 10 and everything is OK, the game great graphics story it's addictive all the advice but there is a disadvantage on the weak PC do not pull for no optimization . In General, I advise everyone."
76561197993229451,Recommended,225540,28367541,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Buddhamind,"In one way this game is fantastic. I really, really like the parachuting and wingsuit gliding. Actually the missions are not so difficult, but when I'm destroying a base of some kind, I have trouble actually finding the things that need to be destroyed. So it takes much longer than necessary, and I also dislike the respawning of soldiers a lot. Sometimes you also do not really know where you need to go next. This system is quite vague. Also even on medium graphics settings the game is not entirely stutter-free, but it's not a big problem and it still feels relatively smooth. I must see how this game unfolds, there's a chance of things getting repetitive. But so far, it's really fun!"
76561198324400987,Recommended,225540,29240130,Posted: 13 January,all,tnuggi,"The game to start is astoundingly fun, new weapons and a freaking wing suit!! Awesome is the best word to describe it"
76561198094098193,Recommended,225540,32122538,Posted: 1 June,all,Mizusaki Hikari,Awesome ok15 hours playing this game
,Recommended,225540,29291132,Posted: 15 January,all,Haplea,"A very good game overall. Yes, the driving and flying suck, but who cares? You can still have a lot of fun playing this game."
76561198100354435,Recommended,225540,19490598,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mr. Anderson,"If this game where any better i would die, i love the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. Taking over strongholds can be a bit tedious but its really worth it, the driving mechanics arent great but flying in planes and helicopters is awesome. THE WINGSUIT IS 10/10 BEST ADDITON TO A JUST CAUSE GAME EVER!!!!!. And there is so much♥♥♥♥♥♥to do and so much to blow up its amazing. i can play this forever, and just wingsuiting around killing and blowing stuff up is so fun. this is Micheal Bay the video game. honestly i can say and strongly back my good opinion on this game, i really do believe this is the best game made this year!!!! i HIGHLY recommend you buy this, its so worth it."
76561198119591249,Not Recommended,225540,30223331,Posted: 27 February,all,:thinking:,"Bad story, repetitive gameplay, lots of bugs;Story is just awful, ""go here, free this settlement, do x, kill y"" over and over. After finishing the game only 5 minutes ago I can't remember the names of half the main characters.One of the characters dies at the end of the game, I think it was supposed to be really emotional, it wasn't, it was just dumb. The setup was dumb, the exectution was dumb, everything about it was dumb.Reptition is the worst part about the game, do ""x"" number of tasks, settlement is free, do it 5 times and area is free, it the 5 times 10 times and the island is free, not fun.Oh, but with each freed settlement you get a nice little minigame to keep you entertained :), oh and with every minigame you get a little upgrade that's supposed to make the game more fun :). (It doesnt, just makes you do the reptitive things quicker)Bugs, constant stuttering, I read that it's about VRAM, I have a GTX1070 with 8GB of VRAM, yea... I read that it's about storage, I had the game on an SSD, yea.... I read that it's about RAM, I have 8GB, so I can see how that would cause an issue but still I dont see how it could cause as much of an issue as it did.I feel straight through the ground a few times, for no reason at all.A few settlements just wouldn't be free, I'd have to fly off and come back later to free them.I bought the game for €12 on sale, and I still feel ripped off."
76561198361341449,Not Recommended,225540,32786483,Posted: 25 June,all,Someone in the world,this game is not worth the money at all! It has very little to offer and it takes forever to level up so you can not enjoy alot of things. I have played this game for hours and it gets really boring after a while. Just cause 2 or 1 are probably better and they are cheaper. Just cause 3 only adds a couple of things that I don't really care about.
76561198347512187,Not Recommended,225540,29304722,Posted: 16 January,all,Voltic Spice,this game runs like crap on my machine and its not like i have a potato either my specs:Intel i5 6600k. 16 gb coorsiar vengance ram @ 3000mhz and a gtx 1070
76561198060964051,Recommended,225540,24474140,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DRY TRUMPING,I don't have a titan or anything like that and the lowest fps I get in this game is 30. ♥♥♥♥ all these entitled ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who disregard everything this game has to offer because their frame rate isn't a constant 900000000000 fps. This game is a 9/10 and the reviewers overexaggerated the fps issues (that are currently in the process of being fixed).
76561198223746968,Recommended,225540,21645201,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Xetoe,"Simply amazing :D Should play, 11/10"
76561198053005881,Recommended,225540,30030140,Posted: 19 February,all,BlackDevil,Δε ξερω τι λετε εμενα με εχει εξηταρει λιγο .
,Recommended,225540,28364048,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,SlightlyNobody,"Awesome game with little to no cons. Ignore the people on here with outdated computers. It does have a memory leak, and that needs to be addressed but even with 89% of my 8GB being hit I have not once seen any stutters or frame drops.The game itself is well worth the $15 sale price."
,Recommended,225540,24065760,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Caesar,awesome gameplay really fun!
76561198151077369,Recommended,225540,20890622,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Cheeki Beeki,"The story isn't bad, lots of characters and interesting places, the black market crate dropping system is cool, lots of stuff to blow up, the island is cool and fun to explore, vehicles are awesome and more"
76561198162735677,Not Recommended,225540,33405422,Posted: 9 July,all,Caboose,i like the game and all but its just terrible on computor get for conslole its much better on console and cheaper
,Recommended,225540,19529299,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TwitMyTwatter,Can any one work their ps4 controller on this game?
76561198048474002,Recommended,225540,28389160,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,bayizxy,"If you ever wonder what it feels like to be in a Michael Bay's movie, play this."
76561198217288536,Recommended,225540,28384754,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Banana Serko,Massive world with endless things to do.I just want real mp
,Recommended,225540,25003379,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Shay,"Glided down mountain in wing suit, hopped on a train, accidentally knocked off a jet thats on the train, jump off train, hop into jet, fly jet, and then shoot the train from the jet. EPIC!!!"
76561198044596305,Not Recommended,225540,25015605,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,rdcL,"Game barely runs compared to contemporary titles, absolutely ridiculously bad frame rates. Should have stayed away from DeNuvo. Unplayable, refund for me."
76561198072720797,Not Recommended,225540,25015545,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Kamii,"Game runs terribly even on the lowest settings, horible stuttering and frame rate lag even though i have much higher than the system requirements."
76561198044973291,Not Recommended,225540,27782124,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lobster_Sauce,The best game you'll ever play at 5FPS
76561198042121734,Recommended,225540,19608958,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Sin π,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!! ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥♥ES WHO SAY OTHERWISE!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,225540,19427034,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Pravda,"For me, with windows 7 the frame rates were dropping in cities, but I upgraded to windows 10, and the game is constant 60fps*The game is great! They took just cause 2, an already great game, and made it nicer, from the graphics to the parachute. There is less enemy base then Just cause 2, but in JC2, after destroying a few bases it wasn't fun anymore, in JC3, the bases feel bigger and overall feels nicer to capture them. There is less collectibles in JC3, but they are more rewarding compared to JC2.Overall, The game is really fun! So get it today!"
,Recommended,225540,21781947,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,CEOJNO,They should just call it just explosions 3. Its so good that it is better than gta v. I would recommend u buying this game. It is soooo worth it.
,Not Recommended,225540,19474037,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,fr0xyo-iwnl-,Crashes after 30 minutes. GG
,Recommended,225540,24986502,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,J7lerz™,"Not my all-time favorite game.But I still like it.  I have problems with it but its mostly my end (Lagging and graphical issues due to a computer that isn't fully up to gaming standard).Overall, I don't understand all the fuss about it.  I like it.  If you've got the money and are considering buying it, just do it.  Can't hurt ya."
,Recommended,225540,19955860,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,FoAx,pewpewpewpewpewpew *explosion*Like Jc2 in betterexplosion/20
76561198124848994,Not Recommended,225540,33893340,Posted: 29 July,all,litl snek,i get 5 fps on a gt 730. funny joke. but now i cant refund it because it took 12 hours to download.
,Not Recommended,225540,20249896,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,J0EH,i had a lot of graphical problems but i don't know if it was my gtx 970
,Recommended,225540,19422401,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Erveon,"I personally haven't had any issues with the game.I'm sure Square Enix will release some sort of patch for the people that do.My experience with the gameplay has been pretty good so far,I am however slightly disappointed that the console port looks and feels obvious.I guess that's where the market's at right now, sadly.PC will always be my platform of choice though, even though it has been neglected by many."
,Recommended,225540,21522898,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,WalkingDead,"Its really not that bad. Can get boring after a while but seriously, in my case i dont see the complaints, I dont get much lag at all. Not an absolute must have but its definately underestimated, ill be honest though, dont write a review that tells buyers to expect lag when youre playing on a computer not optimized a certain way, in which that the only thing i see wrong with just cause 3: The fact that you might need a beefy computer."
,Recommended,225540,21506432,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,El Chupacabra,"Hey, Gtx 960 users make the game 30 fps from control panel and set all the graphic settings to high, there you go smooth game experience with a magnificent view, start to finish.When you start enjoying there is no stop to it, there is something hypnotising about watching explosions. ( You can test it in real life but playing this game will be much more easier)"
76561198306984721,Recommended,225540,28401816,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,NOOB GAMER,"really really awesome tis game,i never play just cause 2 but if u like far cry 3 so u will like tis just cause 3,it better more than far cry 3,it different with gta v,it hard to compare,but i feel bored on gta v because it only use foot on the game or use the car,it slow arrive where we want to go,but on just cause 3 we can get wingsuit,we can use hook,but all games is not perfect,the just cause 3 is a bad driving,haha,but we can use hook n wingsuit,so car is no so important,and tis is real action game wat if u like to exploring,really like a rambo,tis not a real shooting game,if u want become hero like rambo,arnold never die on action,yeah,u sure need tis game it really awesome,but i js play until now js for 4 hours but i really like tis game more than gta v or gta IV,it worth when sale,but hv some bug if ur graphic is low or ram,but my pc it gtx950 geforce n i5-6500,but i install on my harddisk ssd,so loading it fast but graphic cannot open very high,some option need medium or high,i got try if me open full after 30 minutes my pc it lag n need press reset button,after i set my graphic on high or medium,all it ok,sorry for my bad english n grammer,dun confuse n dun compare v gta,it different game,the story it repeat but the action it different on every mission,js go it on sale,it sure worth,nice graphic too"
76561198026635670,Recommended,225540,25846647,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Pom0,"Best game of all for open map. Best graphic I ever seen. Movement of the vehicle car, plane helicopter etc. are so realistic. The shouting is accurate but not so realistic."
76561198003569621,Not Recommended,225540,30512747,Posted: 14 March,all,BlackJesus_DK,"The most buggy game i have ever played.. its like funding was cut before the game was finished. i never get anoid douing game play, even when i cant get past the task im strugeling with. but when you cant get past a chalange becorse of a game bug.. some times i had to restart the game several times to get planes and rocket pack to homeing ame missiles. its pure luck i got to the end.."
76561198086607862,Recommended,225540,20379354,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,aivars,I LIKE THIS GAME.
76561197995174310,Not Recommended,225540,34986537,Posted: 15 September,all,Itchy The Orange Waffle,This game did not work on my computer. I tried to get a refund but was turned down. Pretty frustrated.
,Recommended,225540,30241752,Posted: 28 February,all,Xophier,"Michael Benjamin Bay (born February 17, 1965)[1] is an American filmmaker known for directing and producing big-budget action films characterized by fast cutting, stylistic visuals and extensive use of special effects, including frequent depictions of explosions.[2][3] His films, which include Armageddon (1998), Pearl Harbor (2001) and the Transformers film series (2007–present), have grossed over US$5 billion worldwide.[4] He is co-founder of commercial production house The Institute, a.k.a. The Institute for the Development of Enhanced Perceptual Awareness.[5] He is co-chair and part-owner of the digital effects house Digital Domain.[6] He co-owns Platinum Dunes, a production house which has remade horror movies including The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (2003), The Amityville Horror (2005), The Hitcher (2007), Friday the 13th (2009) and A Nightmare on Elm Street (2010).[7]Despite his considerable success at the international box office, Bay's work is generally held in low esteem by film critics. While The Rock (1996) and Transformers (2007) received moderately positive reviews, his other films, including the three Transformers sequels, have been received negatively by critics.Contents  [hide]1	Early life2	Career3	Production and effects companies3.1	Platinum Dunes3.2	Digital Domain3.3	The Institute3.4	451 Media Group4	Personal life5	Filmography6	Frequent collaborators6.1	Actors/actresses7	Criticism8	Accolades9	References10	External linksEarly lifeMichael Bay was born in Los Angeles. He was raised by his adoptive parents Harriet, a bookstore owner/child psychiatrist, and Jim, a Certified Public Accountant (CPA).[8] Bay was raised Jewish.[9] His grandfather was from Russia.[10] His cousin, Susan Bay, is the widow of the late Star Trek actor Leonard Nimoy (whom he eventually cast as the voice actor for Sentinel Prime in Transformers: Dark of the Moon).[11] He attended the exclusive Crossroads School, in Santa Monica, California.[12] Bay often traces his interest in action films back to an incident during his childhood. As a boy, he attached some firecrackers to a toy train and filmed the ensuing fiery disaster with his mother's 8 millimeter camera. The fire department was called and he was grounded.[13]CareerBay got his start in the film industry interning with George Lucas when he was fifteen, filing the storyboards for Raiders of the Lost Ark, which he thought was going to be terrible. His opinion changed after seeing it in the theater and he was so impressed by the experience that he decided to become a film director.[14] He graduated from Wesleyan University in 1986, majoring in both English and Film.[15][16] He was a member of the Psi Upsilon fraternity and a favorite student of film historian Jeanine Basinger.[17] For his graduate work, he attended Art Center College of Design in Pasadena where he also studied film.[18]Michael Bay began working at Propaganda Films, directing commercials and music videos, two weeks after finishing his post-graduate degree.[18] His 90-second World War II-inspired Coca-Cola advertisement was picked up by Capitol Records. His first national commercial for the Red Cross, which won a Clio Award in 1992.[19][20] He directed Goodby, Silverstein & Partners ""Got Milk?"" advertisement campaign for the California Milk Processors Board in 1993.[21]Bay's success in music videos gained the attention of producers Jerry Bruckheimer and Don Simpson, who selected him to direct his first feature-length film, Bad Boys. The film was shot in Miami in 1994 and starred Will Smith and Martin Lawrence. The action film proved to be a break-out role for Smith, who was segueing from television to films at that time. Shooting in Miami was a good experience for Bay who would later own a home in the city and spend a great deal of time there.[22] The film was completed for $19 million and grossed a remarkable $141 million at the box office in the summer of 1995.[23] Bay's success led to a strong partnership and friendship with Jerry Bruckheimer.[24]His follow-up film, The Rock (1996), was an action movie set on Alcatraz Island, and in the San Francisco Bay area. It starred Sean Connery, Nicolas Cage and Ed Harris. It was also produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and Don Simpson, the latter of whom died five months before the film's release. The film is dedicated to him.[25] Connery and Cage won 'Best On-Screen Duo' at the MTV Movie Awards in 1997 and the film was nominated for an Academy Award in the Best Achievement in Sound category for the work of Greg P. Russell, Kevin O'Connell, and Keith A. Wester.[26][27]Michael Bay on the set of TransformersIn 1998, Bay collaborated with Jerry Bruckheimer again, this time as a co-producer, as well as directing the action-adventure film Armageddon.[28][29] The film, about a group of tough oil drillers who are sent by NASA to deflect an asteroid away from a collision course with Earth, starred Bruce Willis, Billy Bob Thornton, Ben Affleck and Liv Tyler. It was nominated for 4 Oscars at the 71st Academy Awards including Best Sound, Best Visual Effects, Best Sound Editing, and Best Original Song.[30] The film earned 9.6 million dollars on its opening day and a total of 36.5 million through the first weekend.[31] The production budget, $140 million, was one of the highest of the summer of 1998. Armageddon went on to gross over $553 million worldwide, becoming the highest-grossing film of that year.[32]In 2001, Bay directed Pearl Harbor. It starred Ben Affleck, Josh Hartnett, Kate Beckinsale and Cuba Gooding, Jr. The film was released on Memorial Day weekend in 2001. Again, Bay produced the film with Jerry Bruckheimer. The film received four Academy Award nominations, including Best Sound, Best Visual Effects, Best Sound Editing and Best Song. Again, Kevin O'Connell received another nomination for Best Sound, but he did not win. Pearl Harbor won in the category for Sound Editing, making it Bay's first (and, to date, only) film to win an Oscar.[33] Michael Bay also directed the music video for nominated track ""There You'll Be"" by vocal artist Faith Hill.[18]Bay reteamed with Will Smith and Martin Lawrence for Bad Boys II, a sequel which also marked Bay's fifth collaboration with Jerry Bruckheimer. The film grossed $138 million domestically, enough to cover the production budget, and $273 million worldwide, almost twice as much as the first movie. In 2005, Bay directed The Island, a science fiction film starring Ewan McGregor and Scarlett Johansson. It was the first film Bay made without Jerry Bruckheimer as a producer. The Island cost $126 million to produce and earned $35 million domestically and $172 million worldwide. Bay stated that he was not comfortable with the domestic marketing campaign, as it confused the audience to the true subject of the film.[34]Bay filming Transformers: Age of Extinction; actresses Abigail Klein, Melanie Specht and Victoria Summer are walking in a corridor.In 2007, he directed and teamed up with Steven Spielberg to produce Transformers, a live action film based on the Transformers franchise. The film was released in the U.S. and Canada on July 3, 2007, with 8 p.m. preview screenings on July 2. The previews earned $8.8 million, and in its first day of general release it grossed $27.8 million, a record for Tuesday box office attendance.[citation needed] It broke the record held by Spider-Man 2 for the biggest July 4 gross, making $29 million. On its opening weekend, Transformers grossed $70.5 million, amounting to a $155.4 million opening week, giving it the record for the biggest opening week for a non-sequel.[citation needed] As of November 2007, the film has made over $319 million domestically and over $708 million worldwide. Bay returned as director and executive producer for Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, which was released on June 24, 2009 and went on to gross over $832 million worldwide."
76561197971657714,Recommended,225540,19564033,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Stilghar,"My first impression of this game was a highly refined version of its predecessor in a new location.That impression remains, and it is not a bad thing in my opinion.The plot isn't the most original ever written, but it's nowhere near the worst.  Gone is the moral ambiguity of working with criminal gangs and drug runners to overthrow the dictator of Panau; only a single faction resists the self-appointed military ruler of Medici.Also gone is any sort of currency system.  Instead, as you aid the Rebels and free territory, you unlock the ability to call for air-dropped weapons and vehicles at any time and in any location.  Civilian vehicles must be driven, sailed or flown to a garage in liberated territory before you can call for them to be dropped, much like Saints' Row 3 or 4.  Military hardware is unlocked by taking over army posts, airbases and other military installations.  Each airdrop requires a Beacon, which is replenished in weapon caches in Liberated territory.  Vehicle drops are on a cooldown timer, but that can be reduced - or eliminated - by doing side challenges (races, demolition rampages, wingsuit courses) for Gears and using those Gears to unlock all manner of upgrades.The map is huge and visually beautiful, though the system requirements can be a bit hefty.  I've been over most of it and haven't come across any huge cities like the capital of Panau in the previous game; I also haven't seen any major civilian airports, though small airfields and army posts with helipads are scattered widely enough that those who want to take to the air with more than a parachute or wingsuit will be able to do so with little difficulty.A Fast Travel system has been implemented similar to the one in Just Cause 2, but in this case you will have to have a Flare - similar to the Beacons mentioned above - to get an airlift, unless your trip starts in a liberated province.  This means that you have another incentive to free more territory, as it will allow you to cross the map to specific locations faster than even fighter jets can carry you.Overall, it's more of the same, albeit highly polished and refined - and I highly enjoy it."
,Recommended,225540,19565263,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,_ClimbOver_,I love this game but it's still a bit laggy for me
76561197972247094,Recommended,225540,19573850,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Dayman,"There are bugs. There are glitches. There are even crashes for some users. That is not okay.Meanwhile, I just used a small sedan connected to a helicopter as a wrecking ball to take out an entire village of authoritarian jackboots, and it was amazing! I've already had some of my best gaming moments this year in this game.My rig can handle the game, and I hope for the sake of others that Avalanche make good on their promise to fix this game for those users experiencing more significant issues than the lighting glitches I've seen. Regardless, for those who can run it, I'm giving this game a thumbs up for being one of the best sandboxes I've played in yet."
76561198050778106,Recommended,225540,19574828,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Jozo Joestar,Great game with major framerate issued.
,Recommended,225540,19575108,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Digibyte_,"Many people complain of preformance issues with this. My game is running wonderfully on a GTX 970 and 16gb of ram.As for the game, it is the pinnacle of testosterone filled michael bay esque games! (Hasbro license not included)It may have a lackluster story, but that is made up for with pure freedom, you can explore an entire country and you can even do a backflip off of a boat shaped like a duck.Would I recommend it? YES!Would I like Multiplayer? YES!!Should this have dinosaurs? MAYBE!!!!"
,Recommended,225540,19576359,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,AK-47 Penguin,Its like James Bond was asked to train Michael Bay so he could train Superman.
76561198208068072,Recommended,225540,19752147,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Tom Danks,"guys please help me here. i bought this game about 2 weeks from now, but it wont start. im not one of those ""pc-experts"" so i have no idea what to do. but i do know it is not that my pc can´t run it. when you hit ""play"", steam says it´s running, but it dosent open. i have played 73 hours on the game, but the game has not opened once."
,Recommended,225540,19757487,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Lesquishy,Fakin. Great game. 9/10 would recemend. only problem was it was balanced on 30fps no matter the settings. it wasnt locked. sometimes it went higher. i feel like its my problem tho. my cpu aint the best
76561198040383506,Recommended,225540,19757936,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,undeadfish,got to ride on a missile perfect 5/7
,Recommended,225540,19758472,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Hoely Guacamole,"This game is good,beautiful graphics,so much free styling,especially EXPLOSION.But the main story is not good,the ending is bad,i don't like how the way it end.Unlike for main story,Thumbs up for free styling"
,Recommended,225540,19780893,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,YoU ArE oNLe HuMaN,Best Pipe Following Simulator 2015 EVER!11/10
76561198132721146,Recommended,225540,19831762,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Vaah,"My game keeps crashing, and its not about my PC. Can you work more on the crash issues?"
,Recommended,225540,19833902,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,ijflxn,Badly optimized explosions. But they make good gifs! :D
76561198085919642,Recommended,225540,20928987,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,BOI,"If you like lagging at the same fps as (The number of floors in the Twin Towers had on the 12 of september 2001) as much as you like: Flying: Driving: Shooting: Explosions: boats... k denThen you will Love the horrific site of poor optimization of this game as we do.The beautiful sites of your mouse clicking on graphics setting to see if you can bring it above medium and the constant amount of times you must go back and forth from gas stations to pick up beacons and lets not forget the CONSTANT AMOUNT OF STUTTERING (the icing on the cake) then this games views are to die for... (literally you will want to herl yourself out a window to the amount of stuttering this game has)...The gameplay is breathtaking, as you glide down in a wingsuit (an incredibly fluid wingsuit mite i add) down into the streets of a town located in medici as you land on the 720p textured ground to see rebels, malitia, pedestrians and vehicles of many types, you will notice the annoying band playing the same toon over and over again like the Figrin D'an and the Modal Nodes from starwars. your grappiling hook+teathers are ready..... 1 EXPLOSION...2 EXPLOSION 3 EXPLOSION 4 and at the last explosion prepare for your fps to drop like a bomb in afganistan and a wave of stuttering to take controlThe develepers are there to help you if you have a problem they will be abble to look at your message and ignor it and update the game with usless♥♥♥♥♥♥cause F you.8/10- Great game needs opimization though"
,Recommended,225540,26183821,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Britishname Cantpronounce,Mario?
,Recommended,225540,19433486,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,AlexMoc,Umm...Best game ever...Why? Just Cause! 3!3/3 would BoomBoom again...
76561198192249289,Recommended,225540,33798170,Posted: 25 July,all,minecreeper0913 YT@creepergaming,awesome game no game better than this just cause 3 is better than gta v no joke here better than gta v
,Not Recommended,225540,28905981,Posted: 1 January,all,TwobeeGaming,"I waited until it was on sale, because I heard it had a bumpy release.And it's still super laggy, the online leaderboards are super annoying as I couldn't care less how other people performed and it's crashing constantly.It's nice looking, gameplay is ok, storyline cutscenes are pre-rendered clips and therefore it's constantly loading, the constant loading screens are so '90s.Wait until it's on sale, it's most definitely not worth the full price, unless they fix the poor performance and enable players to disable those annoying leaderboards."
,Recommended,225540,23173806,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ᵔᴥᵔ,"I have the obligation to review this ""explosive"" game...Such an amazing job on this game, its so well made and the objectives are made quite simple and easy so players can enjoy exploding and destroying things in style. Making explosions has never been such a work of creativity and art.The missions and cutscenes are made to perfection. Thank you to everyone who has worked to make Just Cause 3 ~"
76561198087628103,Recommended,225540,23149897,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Cousin Blackjack,First things straight stop putting bad rep on this game when your just having technical difficultys when you have a bad pc also you can REFUND THE GAME now time for my rep ( This game has awsome destruction capability and you can basicly kill anyone you want even your rebels but i dont know about main characters and you can even RIDE A MISSLE and with some mods you can get infinte grapple reach and the easter eggs in this game are pretty cool if i do say so my self )
76561198160920776,Not Recommended,225540,19413753,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,KOPI SUSU,JUST CAUSE 3 is a very nice game i love itwhat i dont like is it keep crashing every 5 minutes plzzz fixx this
76561198217891075,Recommended,225540,35034533,Posted: 17 September,all,SniperMan1111,It is so fun
,Recommended,225540,21044655,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,MarshOfMallows,This game foes not work on my computer but i highly recomend it and it is very fun
,Recommended,225540,33349229,Posted: 7 July,all,TSRVTC Thomas5020,"It's good, but just cause 2 offers more to do and is overall a a more enjoyable experience due to its better designed map, massive amounts of settlements, and better black market drop system, which in just cause 3 I find extremely bad."
76561198108774777,Recommended,225540,20307556,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Korva,"Queue professer farnsworth saying ""good news everybody""THE GAME IS PLAYABLE. And since I can finally play this bloody trainwreck of a pc port I must say. This is is really good. As of 1/19/2016 the game got 1.1gb patch and it really fixed this.To tell you how much they fixed and why it's a 1.1 gb patch. I had to run the game with 30fps and about 5fps drops everyone 30 seconds...ON THE LOWEST SETTINGS, 1280/720 RES!!! But now I can play the game with a nice 1920x1080, on quite high settings and the game is very pretty, Still minor frame skips but the game is actually fun and doesn't make me feel sick after 3 seconds."
76561198076363832,Recommended,225540,32339972,Posted: 11 June,all,Pratic Priam,if u want to play a open world game...this is the game for...its a stress free game xD...JUST HAVE FUN WITH IT
,Recommended,225540,20606548,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,kenneth2k27,I play this for the plot.oooh i can tether people.12/10
76561198105951528,Recommended,225540,23853104,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ipeelpotato,Tolerable if it's on sale
,Not Recommended,225540,29093642,Posted: 7 January,all,Papa Sheff,"The game its self is very fun in my opinion, but while I was playing it, it would crash and I would lose all of my progress. Square enix support was no help so I essentially wasted $60."
76561198139252715,Not Recommended,225540,23379388,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,longwillsas,same bug again!!! key binding overlap!
76561198064480010,Recommended,225540,28272415,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Tom Renegade,I've made a full video review in case you wanted more than just a simple text review!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4UEcPqRA3tQI hope you enjoy! :)
76561198047465417,Recommended,225540,24696422,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Puglife,"i don't get the bad reviews the game is a blast. picked it up on sale since reviews scared me but its great. Much more action that gta 5, story isnt as good but still good. Gameplay is fun, lvl up challenges are fun, looks amazing.I've had no probs running it, got a good vid card but older comp now, sure it glitches occassionally and takes a while to reload on restart missions but way better than gta 5 was on ps3 let me tell you that, i don't have an ssd and load times were bearable and game pretty stable for its huge scope.Kinda like the original saints row, mecenariares and gta rolled into one, with beautiful world you can get lost inOh and the grapple and wing suit!! so good. Easy to use, depth to master, never felt more free in an open world game than this, a million ways to cause chaos, and flying and getting around is a sheer joy, super fluid once you get used to it.Highly reccomended"
,Recommended,225540,19458911,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,manic221,"Fantastic! Just Cause 3 is everything i wanted from a sequel to Just Cause 2 it's crazy has insane weapons and the new wingsuit is fantastic exploring the new area is an absolute joy i've found myself doing very few missions and just taking out bases.I cant do a ""review"" of this game without mentioning the technical issues unfortunately the game for me has so far run pretty well with only a few minor frame drops and i've yet to come across a single nasty bug and the game has yet to crash i will say though people have seen the above and much more.That out of the way even if i had of experienced any issues i would still ultimately be recomending this game it's just too much fun not to recomend."
76561198007282387,Not Recommended,225540,19411823,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,cm_ofdeath,"This game is buggy as anything. Whilst it looks to have great potential, at this early stage it is utterly un-playable. There are constant, massive hangs in-game, to the point that gameplay is a nightmare - gunfights are simply too difficult to attempt when you're lagging this badly.There are other irritating issues to be found also, but I feel the general un-playability of the game at this time far supercedes them all."
76561197969678550,Recommended,225540,19751387,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,enchanter100,"Love this game, just like I loved Just Cause 2.  Sure it's repetitive and the story is pretty short, but the shear amount of side missions and things to destroy make it a great game to sit back and play for 20 min at a time to let off steam.  I have a skylake 6700k and sli 970's, haven't seen any slow downs or issues others are describing.  Even on my alienware 13 laptop with a 2.4 ghz cpu and 960m it runs great.  Just wish it had steam cloud."
76561198109425066,Not Recommended,225540,33842409,Posted: 27 July,all,Nien Nunb,"Honestly I would reccomend the game for sure, its fun if you enjoy those moments were you truley feel like a star in an action movie. I am just writing the review due to the fact that I purchased the damn game and every time I load it up it freezes my pc (Pc is not the problem it has all reqirements met) but it forces me then to hard restart my pc and by the time I log back in and do all that♥♥♥♥♥♥steam says ""Oh would you like to instal just cause 3"" i already have you ♥♥♥♥ing idiots, steam support is no help either but its clearly their problem, its so ♥♥♥♥ing dumb and I cant get a refund becasue i have over 2 hours in game. Worst. Support. Team. Ever. So in that factor I do not recomend the game because no one wants to ♥♥♥♥ing reinstall it everytime they turn on their pc."
76561198049629133,Recommended,225540,23293829,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Johannes,"Very good, good story, good gameplay, really loved it!"
,Recommended,225540,24157039,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mobile Legends™,Nice bigger map than just cause 2can't wait for sea dlc
76561198055815044,Recommended,225540,24158533,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Re@per076ead,"One of the best destructive game i have ever palyed. The game does not make you feel you are bounded by anything you can go crazy, When compared to just cause 2 the best improvements made in the gameplay are addition of wingsuit if you time it right you can keep gliding for ever and the ability to destroy a bridge( A really awsome addition to the distruction and mayham). The only bad part about the game is that the graphics is no properly optamised  i myself have a low-end laptop which makes the game look like everything is in slow-motion"
76561198101152941,Not Recommended,225540,27390781,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zxmythicalxz,Bought the game for $15 and I requested a refund after 20 minutes and 4 crashes. I tried to change the resolution and it crashed. I tried to change it to windowed mode and it crashed. I got past the first cutscene and it crashed. I got to the first checkpoint and it crashed. I suppose if you want to take your chances and try to be part of the 50% that the game does work for then now would probably be the best time because of the sale.Specs:CPU-Intel i7-4770Graphics Card-Geforce 770 2GbRAM-8GbOperating System-Windows 10
,Recommended,225540,34136351,Posted: 9 August,all,TcDevlin,too much fun.
,Recommended,225540,34231772,Posted: 14 August,all,Crooks,"Good game, would recommend."
76561198336772946,Recommended,225540,34244312,Posted: 14 August,all,maximum00gameplay,I got this game just cause... 3
76561197989045625,Recommended,225540,33846412,Posted: 27 July,all,Br0TherOfW@r [ PT ],Came for the Boom! left with a BIG BANG BOOOOM!Not dissapointed!Its a good game! It never tries to be serious about its story and its okay...The mean appeal is complete mad destruction and for that there is plenty left to be happy with!If you want to relax listening to some rock music while destroying everything with either weapons you´re hook.....orcars?planes?boats? even with the matrix MEchs!you got it .Or better yet!you a victim of a hard day? well join just cause 3 and make everybody else day horrific and to die for!
,Recommended,225540,34147498,Posted: 10 August,all,McLovin,"No doubt my favorite game, but it's alot of smaller bugs that still hasn't been fixed. And Windowed Borderless mode is not an option in this game for some reason."
76561198132256575,Recommended,225540,34148410,Posted: 10 August,all,Rcdogbone,so there was a goat right and like any sane person i roped it to the back of my car and drove down the road at like 100 mph and then used it to take down statue and kill a few ppl... alot of ppl.... all the ppl i saw. then i shot it severl times to kill it becuse it lived through that the unholy beast! i miss my goat.
,Recommended,225540,34200939,Posted: 12 August,all,Hopl1t3. <3,This game is very fun to play.This game offers you:● A lot to explore● Many cars to unlock● Many Cities to liberate● And cool 20+ missionsI recommend this game to everyone who likes openworld games... This is like the dream of openworld games!I got it for 10$ but it's 40$... Worth every dollar. Get it NOW!
,Not Recommended,225540,34338108,Posted: 18 August,all,Happy Doom (MayoBoy),Wen i try to open it it loads the game bit then i get a full black screen and cant do anything can someone pls help
76561198046141240,Recommended,225540,34363294,Posted: 19 August,all,ejsmont.artur,very good
76561198345143467,Recommended,225540,34524034,Posted: 27 August,all,EwokGamer420,"ok game 5/10 this game lacked its story and character development. but put that aside and look at the free roam. the free roam is fun blowing bridges, cars and milltary bases. the police in this game are crap they lose you in 5 seconds without trying and this might be just me but i keep having lag and stattering time to time. just cause 3 is a good game to pick up for 40$ or under if higher dont buy. thank you for reading"
,Recommended,225540,34524447,Posted: 27 August,all,Mob,My favourite Open World game so far.
,Recommended,225540,34202998,Posted: 12 August,all,Wonky Wizard Wond,"If you have no friends, you'll love this game!"
,Recommended,225540,34210747,Posted: 13 August,all,arceless,it gudyhew bloh up sthuffedhat funehi daieh lhotesbhad gys aer stuepedder isw carrah planjuemp ouit
,Recommended,225540,34522168,Posted: 26 August,all,MikMeneer,"Very fun game, good story and good gameplay.The only thing that i find disapointed is that the game is not really difficult to play:-you throw a granade on yourself and you do not even die.-only if 5 people shoot you at a time you can die.-you can reel so easy out of the fight and regen."
,Recommended,225540,34522982,Posted: 27 August,all,tamim305,Not bad
,Recommended,225540,34558099,Posted: 28 August,all,Doyic,"Sick game, hours of stuff to do and dlc's deffo worth it"
,Recommended,225540,34714713,Posted: 3 September,all,David42004,THIS GAME IS DOPE
,Not Recommended,225540,31645332,Posted: 9 May,all,thegevin,"This game would be great due to the open world and the gameplay mechanics available within the sandbox; but the missions seem slightly broken & it's just far too frustrating to press through. Also, it seems that you have to do a certain quantity of missions before ""free play"" really opens up for you. Lame. I'd love to be able to just run around taking down compounds, but the story needs to unfold further first (which is near impossible due to the broken missions.To be fair, the game does LOOK beautiful, the world IS huge, & this entry runs smoothly."
76561198032323815,Recommended,225540,33791342,Posted: 25 July,all,Uncle Rukus,lots of fun!
76561198046692095,Not Recommended,225540,27423448,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,fgfgk1,"Why the ♥♥♥♥ is not fixed yet?! a whole goddamn year has passed and the devs still don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥DLC is being released while the game is still in a♥♥♥♥♥♥state, hell i can't even start to play the damn thing because it keeps crushing on startup every time!!I'm refunding this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do not buy this."
76561198172616574,Not Recommended,225540,28655768,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[DC]Robin,despite clearing countless files and searching the web for anything to help my compuster couldnt come close to meeting the insane systems requirements.Wish I had seen the requirements before buying
,Not Recommended,225540,28664369,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,JunkyMonkey,"Constant crashes and had my saves wiped for no reason after 10 hours of gameplay. On top of that, it's a terribly dull sequel to the great Just Cause 2. Outside of graphics, this game has nothing going for it.Do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,225540,28666098,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MUEHEHEHEHEHE,"this game always crash, i dont recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,225540,28670094,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lindradori,its a shame... buy just cause 2
,Not Recommended,225540,28651399,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,gotevan11,fun game but poor optimization ruins it
,Recommended,225540,29230242,Posted: 13 January,all,angel,good
76561198152663534,Recommended,225540,23933378,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nadevan,Nice!
,Recommended,225540,23686589,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,food on the plate,"Great game overall, not worth $60 though. I recommend this game when its on sale because it gets boring after a while without the multiplayer mod out yet."
,Recommended,225540,29982105,Posted: 17 February,all,AMX121,nice game better than alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥out there in the same price
76561198130817528,Recommended,225540,30050619,Posted: 19 February,all,Dom,ok
,Recommended,225540,24233742,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Van2k_Oda,"good game so much fun and explotionlove propane tank XDphysics are goodbut really need to be patchednot optimize for low and mid end pc,,, maybe works well on high end pchaha 7/10"
76561198167372147,Recommended,225540,23943775,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,///AquaGuy///,Awesome Game
,Recommended,225540,24036096,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,aziztance,"I've read a lot of reviews that i need 16 GB of ram to play this...apparently I don't, but it runs pretty well! Although with occasional stutters, but I'm fine with that!my specs:i5 3330 3.0 GHzMSI GTX 750 2GDDR58 GB 1333 MHz RAM(A very mediocre PC, med-high settings 30-60fps @1366x768 with occasional stutters)A very fun game where story doesn't matter, but blowing the hell out of bridges and cows8/10"
,Recommended,225540,24514801,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Rexquain,:)
,Recommended,225540,20555701,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Lanier-Senpai,"Hello everyone,Going to try and list a fair and summarized review of the game.Graphics: 7-The character models are very nicely done and so are the textures on the vehicles, but there was A LOT of pop in textures from the environment. In which some of these textures were murky looking. Not very good.Story: 4-Square played it to safe. Its a cliche at this point. Evil dictator must be killed because he is bad. The story honestly was nothing to care about in my opinion. I played it all of the way through and was just ""ok"" when i reached the end. Mario was a good character with good voice acting, everyone else i did not care about as much.Gameplay: 8-The action is amazing in this game with some of the best explosion physics i have ever seen. The wide variety of weapons and vehicles was awesome as well. What drags it down is the ASTONISHINGLY REPETITIVENESS that the game contains. You do one of three things: complete quest, liberate towns, and destroy bases. THAT IS IT. There are challenges to unlock extra goods but thats it. I will say this, JUST CAUSE HAS THE BIGGEST MAP IN GAMING HISTORY. Only San Andreas comes close to it in scale. It is unbelievably big. You will find out.Calculated Average Score- 6.3The lame story really brings it down for me but the action and set pieces keep you playing."
76561198363397794,Recommended,225540,33890430,Posted: 29 July,all,uuuyyygg1,i need arbice logang
76561198198598687,Recommended,225540,30796130,Posted: 28 March,all,General Khalifa,"Really cool, but wait for multiplayer mod"
76561197971336371,Recommended,225540,19406485,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Bisa,ISIS Simulator
,Recommended,225540,30111910,Posted: 22 February,all,White_Shadow,Just Cause I bought it!!!
,Recommended,225540,33699388,Posted: 21 July,all,whip dat hoe,"Lovely game worthy of being bought in sale. Watch out though, the controls are straight up AIDS and cancer combined."
76561198055308114,Recommended,225540,28350472,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Vanishpower,Nagyon jó játék. Kb 120 órát tettem bele. Totál megérte a pénzt!
76561198133272087,Recommended,225540,19484775,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,TanMan321Go,This game is so much fun to play!It's just a fun open world sandbox to have lots of fun in!
76561198129515091,Recommended,225540,28887202,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,A_buckyo Bro,"So haven't played this game in a while, but decided it would be a good time to do a review. I agree with most people on the cons, but my reason is because I barely reach the minimum, My tip reload graghics if that fails you can always restart it. It was cool because when I did that a few times it ran perfectly. Love the game, Love stealing some random scooter and using it for explosive purposes that always end awesomly."
,Recommended,225540,19869693,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[SBE]~Jontz | Aposentado~,Gameplay: 9/10Soundtrack: 8/10Controls: 7.5/10My review: 9.5/10Is an awessome game full of explosions and a lot of action! totally recommend it!
,Not Recommended,225540,19439040,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,noc9109,"JC2 is tones of fun, but JC3, nice try: first few hours is ok, just, ok, and then, nothing drives me to keep playing. BTW, devs of this game clearly hates PC, optimization is SO BAD, and why you have to load every every every cutscenes, and then, another loading ?"
,Recommended,225540,22421193,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ftstani,"One of the greatest games ever made. It lets you do everything you might have fun doing in real life but can't because, for example, the laws of physics won't let you. Screw that. This is fun and a blast. Heck, the woman who has as much fun in this as I did must be my soulmate.Long live the revolution!I would support Tom Sheldon for President. Despite his antics, he comes through as a true bro who upholds his principles.JC3 is somewhat lacking in skyscrapers and urban areas compared to JC2. There is nothing like Panau City in Medici. No epic base jumping :("
76561198007324689,Not Recommended,225540,19412636,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Chorak,"I am sure it would be fun if I could play it. But I spend more time crashing than I do pressing W, S, A, and D."
,Recommended,225540,21654560,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SGT America,This game is great if you have the hardware to run it maxed out.  A lot of the fun in the game is seeing how massive the world is and watching huge bases explode into huge balls of fire.WARNING:  Makes your graphics card feel like a ♥♥♥♥♥ at times.
76561198190149818,Recommended,225540,19506898,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,I agree,BEST GAME EVER :D
76561198048344368,Not Recommended,225540,19408928,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Mankar the shite weaver,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and crashes.
,Recommended,225540,19484223,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Disasterbenz,i think michael bay shead a tear...
,Recommended,225540,19486202,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Tony The Tiger,"This is a good game, any amd users made a bad choice I have a 4gb asus gtx 980 ddr4 and im getting 100+ and i can kill people and hang them like ISIS"
,Not Recommended,225540,19403096,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,stupid naggers,10/10 would review without owning game!
76561198083923159,Not Recommended,225540,19418234,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SandSandalen,This game is not worh 50 euro wasentfun enough and repetetiv to play.The game is all about explosion all the time whait til summer sale and it will be 30-40
76561198084105304,Recommended,225540,19463649,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Ninja Potato,"OMG ITS AMAZING, everything about this game is so fun, its my favourite game of all time to this date, the map is very big, there is a massive range of vehicles and guns and the graphics are amazing, especially in 4k."
76561198144541950,Not Recommended,225540,19592318,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dirty Harry,"Good fun but a huge game like this should have more then 24 missions, it should have a 100 or more. 5/10"
,Recommended,225540,19407271,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,300 Angry Kittens,10/10Would  wingsuit into cliff again.
76561198090539887,Recommended,225540,19402428,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Ham On The Jam ★,The PC Port wasnt up to standards. This game has tons of studdering and constant frame drops. Although when it is patched this will be amazing ! :D
,Recommended,225540,19735900,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Sinbad,"Looks like a good game, until you realize your computer can't run it."
,Not Recommended,225540,19411484,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Luckblade,"Buggy as all hell, can't even see terrain. Unplayable."
76561198294931354,Not Recommended,225540,30046296,Posted: 19 February,all,QFloop,Two titan x's will get you to 60fps
,Not Recommended,225540,33239066,Posted: 4 July,all,CRIMSON,-------THIS GAME WILL NOT RUN ON YOUR SUPER COMPUTER ---Right away you will notice even cut scenes  lagg you the ♥♥♥♥ out    the devs on this series always ♥♥♥♥ things up   all 3 tries  pinnacle of a♥♥♥♥♥♥wast of time and money
76561197972812381,Not Recommended,225540,19860235,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,sufferpuppet,Just Crash 3!  The last update completely broke the game.  I can't play it for more than 5 minutes without crashing to the desktop.  Avoid this game like the plague until the developers get their act together.
,Recommended,225540,19404653,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Day,"This games amazing ! You wanna know why ?Just Cause .JksRuns great on my GTX 660 , AMD FX 6300 , 40 FPS Constant. Great Game 9.5/10 For me . Best game iv ever played (Havnt even played the last 2 games )"
76561198055878177,Not Recommended,225540,19408051,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,CannibalSwine,"Very disappointing, was not expecting this level of crap from Avalanche Studios.The game runs so poorly, despite having a relatively good setup. I can run Witcher 3 on high settings and achieve 60FPS almost always, yet in Just Cause 3, I literally drove past a small roadblock of enemies and went down to 18FPS.There is no excuse to release a game in this sort of condition, and I have already requested a refund. Even on the highest settings the game doesn't look half as good as all the videos that Avalanche have shown of it. So I don't know what happened, but I'm not buying in to it."
,Recommended,225540,19402229,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"""I have played this game for less than 5 minutes but I feel capable of rendering a review now"" said all the people writing Steam reviews.10/10 would press ""Play"" and sit through opening cinematic again."
,Recommended,225540,19503824,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Max Y,"I have no idea why everyone is complaining about framerate. I have a Nvidia GTX 960 and I can play this game at 1080p with all settings set to high and all special effects on and it has never dropped below 50 fps. The game graphics are stunning and the gameplay is incredible. I cannot speak for those with a worse graphics card than mine, but for anyone with higher or the same, I would strongly recommend this game. It is without a doubt the best game I've ever played."
76561198070709349,Not Recommended,225540,21576665,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,senorcockgrande,cancer.
,Recommended,225540,19403888,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,gila,This game is not for the people with a weak or moderate computer you need a beast but otherwise with stunning visuals and amazing gameplay this game is truly a masterpeice.
76561198001769945,Not Recommended,225540,32847162,Posted: 27 June,all,Dro,"Holy disappointment. I enjoyed Just Cause 2 very much but this... this is a huge downgrade. If for some reason you want to play this, do it before you play Just Cause 2 because after playing it this is no good. Very disappointed. Requesting refund now."
76561198165897284,Recommended,225540,28603566,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,aidanpro100,gud lad game
,Recommended,225540,19404575,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pingu,i slingshotted a goat and then blew it up9/11 would sacrifice goat to allah again
76561198253223124,Not Recommended,225540,26097459,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,arcang7,"Warning -- do not get this game. Just Cause 3 would be awesome... if it worked. The problem is, it doesn't work, not well at least. It freezes up a ton, crashes, and is generally a pain in the butt. I've used Witcher 3, GTA V, Far Cry 4, and plenty of other games on my computer with no problems. It meets the requirements to play Just Cause 3, but Just Cause 3 simply doesn't work very well. It's a bad port."
,Recommended,225540,22792353,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,BONZI BUDDY,STILL WAITING FOR MULTIPLAYER
,Recommended,225540,19407697,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,well this is awkward,"Michael Bay The Game 3Also, epic game rated 9/10 because explosions and killing is fun."
76561198114337739,Recommended,225540,24990531,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,R3ZURR3CTI0N,"I like jc3 it has better graphics than jc2 i love jc2 but jc3 doesnt feel so good. Jc 2 had more to do and better locations, fadt travel, hud, you took away sprinting! This game looks better but jc2 was the best! Jc3 is still great i recommend it! But it needs more jc2"
76561198144528324,Not Recommended,225540,31446141,Posted: 29 April,all,Genesisg,"Nier Automata changed from 199 to 412.SE is greedy as hell, so f**k u SE!For those who really want to buy nier, pay 340 for a key on taobao"
,Not Recommended,225540,22850350,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,DamnItBob,"Months after release, the game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Avalanche has forgotten about this game if not for their ♥♥♥♥ing expensive DLCs, both content and performance are mediocre and I'm more than disappointed in this piece of crap.I'm also quite angry at youtuber Nerdcubed for selling it out like it was the ♥♥♥♥ing game of the decade when you see the final result. Maybe if he'd quit sucking Square Enix's♥♥♥♥♥♥he would have had an unbiased opinion."
76561198162457605,Recommended,225540,28397478,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,azazazaszzz,[let me just say this i have not played it out yet not at all but i already want to write a review]awesome game just my kinda game graphics are amazing even beating some games from 2016 open world is huge and beautiful it even feels alive to be honest way better than gta V open world in my opinion i have played just cause 2 once it was good but never finished it it just missed something unlike just cause 3 which i've been playing constantly since i got it also the explosions so satisfying love the impact it has also the sound so good i have played many open world games here are somesleeping dogs saints row 3 and 4 fallout 3 and new vegas far cry 3 dead island dying light gta IV and V burnout paradise and the witcher 3 and that's just a few and out of all of them only the witcher 3 has a better open world just cause 3 has the second best open world i have ever played this may be the best game i have ever played this game get's from me a 10/10 it has everything i want and more
76561198198968301,Recommended,225540,27213077,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,J . A,l
,Not Recommended,225540,23494239,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,B14ck S4pphir3,"THINK BEFORE YOU BUY THIS GAME!!!I got this game on XBOX ONE since it was on sale at the time for like 38 bucks at the time. This game has a real hard time keeping a steady and playable framerate on XBOX ONE. Now the PS4 does do a better job in maintaining and keeping a more stable frame rate, so the PS4 version is the best way to go for console gamers.As for PC gamers...It does say in both the minimum and recommended requirements to have 8GBs of RAM, but that is not really the best idea. Since this game takes up a whole lot of Memory RAM, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND AND IMPLORE YOU to get this game ONLY if your gaming rig has MORE THAN 8GBS of Memory RAM. If you only have 8GBs of RAM, then you are a bit out of luck because this game is literally going to take up all of that RAM and leave little to none left for the rest of the computer to operate. This game takes up A LOT of RAM.My laptop just has 8GBs of RAM @1600MHz and this game is literally unplayable.But I loaded up this game on my desktop and it runs like a dream (like every other game I have thrown at it), I will list its specs below.Processor: Intel core i7-4790K @4.00GHzMemory: 16GBs @2400MHZHard Drive: 1 TB @7200RPMGraphics Card: NVIDIA GTX 980 w/4 GBs of VRAMAs of now this game can ONLY REALLY RUN on a system that has MORE THAN 8GBs of RAM.This may just be an issue with the game where it's sucking down a whole lot of memory that it really does not need. If that is the case, then they need to do an update that can and will address this issue."
,Not Recommended,225540,20143468,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,John Skywalker♏♏♏,What the ♥♥♥♥ optimization is this..
,Recommended,225540,21678344,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,acoustic guitar,great pc port runs well and is fun
,Not Recommended,225540,29617114,Posted: 31 January,all,Logan Paul,"TOO MUCH CRASHES , UNPLAYABLE !! PLEASE PLEASE FIX THE FREAKING CRASHES !!"
76561198104698797,Not Recommended,225540,31534775,Posted: 3 May,all,Casper Azrine,"worst optimization ,so many bugs,worst driving ,sudden fps drops omg ! . cartoon graphics . lame game"
76561198072847988,Recommended,225540,19404254,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Jakeowar,Best Game Ever.
,Not Recommended,225540,19759817,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Infern,"A sandbox where you can explore and destroy bases with a few distractions.Sounds great but if the world is a ""Sandbox"" there world is just sand. Alot of distractions...Sure you can mess around with alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥but it is so limited.I played it abit to have a laugh... But my experience felt empty.Nerdcubed hyped this game for me... But the experience i was hyped for wasn't there."
,Recommended,225540,28352558,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,TheDirtyPianoman,meme
,Not Recommended,225540,25004989,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,OldWhovian,"Played for 47 minutes.  Game ran perfectly at 60fps at max settings, and that's all that I can say that is good about it.In regards to the npcs...after tearing down statues and blowing up buildings...one would expect the populous to react to what is happening.  Unfortunately, they walk about like all is normal.  I had a statute literally crumble around a person walking through a city square and they ignored it entirely.  Enemy units also seem to stand still and move into the open without a thought.Combat is blindingly easy.  Killing fifty people takes no effort.  That is...if you have any non-scripted reason to fight.  Most of the destruction can be done by using the upgraded wrist unit leaving enemies none-the-wiser (and often ignoring massive explosions).Use your money on a better game."
,Not Recommended,225540,24972615,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Szechuan Sauce,"Got into the game, blew some stuff up, died 4 times and spent 30 minutes searching for ""breakers"" that were supposed to be nearby and ended up on the opposite side of the military base. Refund pending."
76561198036534772,Not Recommended,225540,31485095,Posted: 1 May,all,BEEP BEEP RICHIE,actually the game is nice it's just that one mission is impossible to dowith the  filight mechanisim
,Recommended,225540,21640192,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,william,"ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! buy this game its just so good, i have honestly spent hole days playing this game."
,Not Recommended,225540,28379955,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Adzmodean,"This game will not play at the standard 1080p native monitor resolution on a mulitple monitor setup. I have researched for 30 mins online to resolve this issue without success. This is a known issue and the game should be removed from Steam until it's patched properly.I can get it to play in fullscreen using /borderless /windowed command; at about 1420x800 (potato quality) but when I change to native 1920x1080 it glitches out and breaks. There are many, many questions in forums online about this exact topic. None of the suggested solutions work completely.Not fit for sale. Typical SquareEnix.Refunded."
,Recommended,225540,32938585,Posted: 28 June,all,Vorstex,"Allahu Akhbar! Oh wait, I'm American."
,Recommended,225540,28352736,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,D'Quavio'Sha'Davia,♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,225540,30001235,Posted: 17 February,all,鉤直餌鹹,What`s GOOD about this game: Outstanding graphicWhat`s BAD about this game: Everything except graphic
,Recommended,225540,21625346,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mister ed,"THIS GAME IS 10/10 IGNPros:1.super fun game play that is only limited by your own imagination,2. it's good looking not the best of 2015 but it's up there3.a HUGE map it's all most as big as GabeN's wallet4. The story is ok. I wouldn't call it a con because it was that bad but it wasn't really good But who's playing just cause for the story.Cons:1. Salty AMD fan boys who only now see that bought the wrong GPU2. People with♥♥♥♥♥♥Internet or impatientPeople who can't wait 2 minutes for there game to load3. There has been a few bugs but they have been fixed."
76561198031331025,Recommended,225540,20302327,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Rick James went up in flames,"I don't know why everyone complains the game having so many problems, The only problem I have is about after 3 hours of playing it straight the sound starts to get out of sync and the game will start to freeze due to high fps. I just close it and restart.Pros:Probably the best action game to date.Cons:Lack of environment. It's like they took Far Cry 4 and Arma 3 and made a map. Honestly after 17 hours of gameplay and much of those hours spent exploring it just lacks variety that JC2 had.Also just a side note and a huge con but if you are expecting to find a huge civilian airport like Just Cause and Just Cause 2, there isn't one. Like I said above about variety this game lacks so much compared to JC2 that it makes me cry.My PC build:NVIDIA Titan Gen 2Intel i5 quad core4 TB Mem8 Gb RAMand 2 cooling systemsI got it from Digital Storm and have yet to see a game lag."
,Not Recommended,225540,30003488,Posted: 18 February,all,Santahashi,"The Graphic is alright. It doesn't amaze me a lot. However, this game is lack of friendly mapping controls where the default buttons are weird, also, its really hard to keep track of objectives that needed to be destroyed as the game provides no minimap. Moreover, Hud is also a problem, comparing to one of its big opponent, GTA V, it is way easier to control and conduct your in game character.Btw: Watch Dogs 2 has a better graphics tbh"
,Not Recommended,225540,19402067,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Jeeves,do not buy if you have a AMD GPU only about a tenth of the game accuallly renders
,Recommended,225540,29299084,Posted: 16 January,all,Vinceeeny,"Boom, Crash, Kabaam!!!This game is all about exploding things, pretty fun. BUT it needs a mp ;~;7/10"
,Not Recommended,225540,25474386,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,SHOCKCABLE,"SUCKS!! SUCKS!! AND ONCE MORE THIS GAME SUCKS!!!Below is the reason why:PC Specs list:AMD FX(tn)-8320 Eight-Core Processor32gb ramNVIDIA 970No freaking way should this game crash with the graphics just on very high.Not ultra or very freaking fabulous , just very high.I have 105 games on my Steam and this piece of crap is the only one that will over heat it.I even can run multiple instances of other games some times up to six at a time but no not this crap.Screw Rico! This game needs to die off as the crappy successor to the previous 2 which were way better."
76561198112796095,Recommended,225540,23033910,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,red1122,very awsome game
76561198019809008,Not Recommended,225540,28886372,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,bobbob1016,"I don't know who in their right mind makes a game that doesn't let me disable ""leaderboards"". I couldn't care less what other people are doing in the game. ""Wow, someone jumped higher than me? That's super important, let me focus on that instead of the game!"" I have to make a firewall rule to stop this. I'd expect more from Square. The graphics are great, Steam Controller controls not as much. Shouldn't have a tutorial tell me to do something without telling me the next step. ""Press Tab"" was on the screen for ten minutes before I realized you wanted me to do something else. Disappointed."
76561198302169346,Not Recommended,225540,33858839,Posted: 28 July,all,S.S.PrinceOfBO3,Nul
76561198080243615,Recommended,225540,24517561,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Jet,Allahu Akbar.
,Not Recommended,225540,19434589,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Rich Piano,Jc2 > Jc3  Dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198160476971,Not Recommended,225540,24523046,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Allen0612,DO NOT BUY. THIS GAME GETS BORING AFTER A FEW DAYS
,Not Recommended,225540,19542397,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Tasamashi,"Just Cause 3 hosts a huge world to explore that lacks any particular depth. Some of the gadgets and weapons Rico gets through the game are immensly fun and are a great way to soak-up hours. But the meat of the game: the story, the side-missions, characaters and setting are lacking any sort of depth, quality, etc."
,Recommended,225540,25450513,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Hudson,*Tips fedora*M'splosion
,Not Recommended,225540,30802655,Posted: 28 March,all,IceMan,Piece of c.r.a.p
,Recommended,225540,33808737,Posted: 26 July,all,Quake III,Awesome
,Not Recommended,225540,28363971,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jomme,"The first game I will be refunding. Could first not get past some screen with Rico on a sandy beach, then I could not get past the screen where I needed to submit my email or skip. Then when that finally worked, after playing for a while, I got an error about having lost connection (even though I was playing single player and am on a very stable connection). This type of♥♥♥♥♥♥just completely pulls me out of the game, very very disappointing.. Hopefully my refund is accepted by Steam."
76561198025191083,Recommended,225540,28357785,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,cameronhorst,!!
,Recommended,225540,24943143,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,big 22,the game is very cool.
76561198271023629,Recommended,225540,33810321,Posted: 26 July,all,FatCat Fascist,cant play it!
,Recommended,225540,19823399,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,TheBearOfDankStreet,ITS AWESOME
,Recommended,225540,21663687,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ojano csgoroll.com,Memory leaks as much as my mother
76561198140841825,Recommended,225540,20575436,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Hacker Hunter,All of the people who say this game is unplayable with FPS drops are people with a PC they bought from Goodwill.
,Recommended,225540,19428586,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,edocter,Game launched once and I got to enjoy the scenic loading screen before it crashed. 10/10
,Recommended,225540,23830338,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Xinrepop,"The games very fun, you get to blow stuff up. r8ted 8/8 m8 ayy"
76561198061094212,Not Recommended,225540,30272454,Posted: 1 March,all,Jack Bahjat,The worst game I've ever played. The game is very short with a silly story.
76561198083390102,Not Recommended,225540,20478151,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DayDreamInc.,"Can't recommend this game. I mean, you get a huge map, a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of vehicles and the game itself runns pretty smooth.The thing is, there is no story. All you have to do is shoot people and take over villages. It gets quite boring and I regret spending 50€ on this game."
,Not Recommended,225540,23361259,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MetalCloud,"This game has some good things but ♥♥♥♥ those things. The wingsuit is the actual biggest peice of garbage ever conceived. The flying is the most uncomfortable and awkaward thing to control when the game says ""haha ♥♥♥♥ you, the controls are randomly inverted now just to ♥♥♥♥ you over"""
,Not Recommended,225540,20318449,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Bobic,"♥♥♥♥♥♥. Graphics are worse than the first one, gameplay is clunky, and the story is awful. Wasn't made by the devs who made JC2."
,Not Recommended,225540,33263620,Posted: 5 July,all,Samuelele,"I can een start the game everytime i get in and it loads and never stopped loading, please help me with this problem, cause if i can play it i have to refund it."
,Recommended,225540,21607198,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Oli_Dron,GG best game ever 10/10 would bang
,Recommended,225540,21610359,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Caominhim,"driving is awful, story is stupid, but I couldn't care less.The wingsuit makes up for everything."
76561198225700204,Recommended,225540,33210025,Posted: 3 July,all,TerdBurger,"For 15 dollars this game is fantastic, the gameplay is soo addictive and if you dont like it I will come to your house and drop kick you in the ear👍"
76561198072799301,Recommended,225540,20357191,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Bitzo_.,"I could give you a review of how some people experience performance issues because THEIR computers don't meet the required speifications for the game. Alternatively, I could give you a review of how great the actual game is. I do not experience any performance issues so bear that in mind.=GRAPHICS AND THE WORLD=Well..... The graphics on the islands of Medici are just fantastic. There is so much detail and the imagination is visible throughout the landscape. The whole world is designed around YOU. It is designed by the DEVS for you to race in F1 cars, wingsuit through valleys and bridges and parachute down from the skies. There is also a sneaky little dirt track racecourse if you want to check ouy your new monster truck. It truly is an open world with absolutely LOADS to do.=CAMPAIGN=I love the campaign personally it is not too short but not too long either. Once you complete the campaign you unlock ""sandbox mode"". Using this, you can re-liberate settlements so the fun will never end. The campaign also introduces characters unlike JC2 and real light is shown onto Rico's past and character as a whole. The campaign is fun, different and perfect to just do!=ENDLESSNESS AND MODS=JC3 really is endless, there is an infinite amount of things to do. With the whole new encounters addition, you can fly around, find an encounter and just do it. An encounter is like a side mission which may include free-ing a rebel hostage from an enemy convey, getting an innocent to a gas station or even delivering crates. Then, you obvioulsy have the endless destruction you can cause as Rico Rodriguez. See that cow? blow it up! What would happen if I attach a plane to a windmill???? There are also challenges to test your racing skills or flying skills to upgrade your character to the max and beat your friends scores.JC3 is also a perfect game for the modding community. I have already installed a trainer mod which extends the rebel drop menu so you can spawn in easter egg items. It also adds in an air cannon...... I have had sooo much fun with this weapon and spawning a fuel tank right in front of me becomes now problem. I can't even imagine how many mods will eventually be released but I am sure there will be a lot of fun ones. There is also a multiplayer mod which is nearly complete, made by the same folks who made the JC2 multiplayer mod.=CONCLUSION=Just Cause 3 lacks absolutely nothing in gameplay. However, I do encourage you to make sure your computer meets the RECOMMENDED system requirements and not the MINIMUM just because you may run into some issues. These issues have been adressed and a patch will be coming later this month. Better to be on the safe side though?The game is amazing. 'BEST GAME EVER' -NerdCubed"
76561198086090631,Not Recommended,225540,29162900,Posted: 10 January,all,sycsxg92,DO NOT PLAY IT
76561198337662880,Recommended,225540,28398629,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ZoNiX (HC),Awesome game
76561198360987395,Not Recommended,225540,30095734,Posted: 22 February,all,BOMBUSHKA,its not a good game dont buy it
76561198062579979,Not Recommended,225540,20434396,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,buck,it wont let me past the selection screen like its frozen i only got to play like for 30 mins this is bs i want a refund
76561198041554310,Not Recommended,225540,20028021,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nobel,gets boring within a few hours of play time. :/
,Not Recommended,225540,21029627,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ToomuchBlazeit,the game was realy fun at the start but after that it got boring
76561198081989531,Recommended,225540,22314275,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,SlickLotoTanga,The best game of 2015-2016The game makes me feel free as in I can do whatever i want not the games where you can't go there or here.What im trying to say is 50.00 euro for this game is worth it
,Recommended,225540,20309409,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Shpeckledorf,I keep forgetting mouse2 isn't ADS so I accidentally grapple everywhere
,Not Recommended,225540,19837527,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Neighborino,"Avalanche Studios: Well, there are 15+ minute load times, it constantly crashes, and runs at less than 30 fps.Square Enix: I don't think anyone will notice"
76561197960524735,Not Recommended,225540,28396022,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MetalMafia,Why did you refund this game? Just Cause.
76561198177222385,Recommended,225540,21701921,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Wet Level,Started the game-Tried to Skip Cinematic-Game Crashed-The end of my experience with this game
,Recommended,225540,20053373,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bird-made Bread,Runs great on my Nvidia™ graphics card!
76561198068045427,Recommended,225540,21590810,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,ninjatrainman,BUY THIS GAME IT IS AWSOME IT HAS BIG BOOMS AND JETS AND TRAINs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,225540,32833885,Posted: 26 June,all,Guy Ferrari,Really fun game play it don't lissin to bad reviews. I lisented to them and when i plsyed it was fine so good game.
76561198067248942,Not Recommended,225540,33106387,Posted: 1 July,all,Spoderman,"It's minimum should be 16 GB of ram.  Game is great when it works, it ONLY works with 16 gb of ram."
,Recommended,225540,20876451,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,hey,"Directed by Micheal BayBut honestly:This game is the kind of game I have been looking for since I first played a video game.  Freedom (can't stress this enough), open world, AMAZING flying devices, completely badass moves/combos that make you feel like a badass when pressing the keys on your keyboard, cars, planes, boats, helicopters, and much more, amazing game.Pros:+Large map+Epic explosions+Graphics are awesome+Rico is totally badass+Gadgets are absolutly amazing+Plenty of variation+Destruction is pretty greatNeutral:>Controls are a little tricky, but can make you feel amazing when you nail something difficult, or just get good at them>Driving may seem unfamiliar to someCons:-If you came here for only the story, get out-Isn't well optimized-First loading screen takes WAY too long (2-3 minutes)My opinion and big ideas (TL;DR):9/10Amazing game, the grappling hook, wingsuit, parachute, EXPLOSIONS, and the freedom are my favorite parts so far."
,Recommended,225540,19861534,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,MrPotato,"good game. If u like to blow up lots of things, use a grappling hook, go on a parachute and do cool stuff very good game.Only bad thing u do need a beast pc to have all on high and very high and 60 fps"
76561198323363816,Not Recommended,225540,29757015,Posted: 6 February,all,Chups,Boring...
76561198143516691,Not Recommended,225540,27591283,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crossover Gamer,"This sale is a one man's lie technique. I wanted this game so badly and come to find out that my biggest fear for a game that looks extremely fun to play, is unplayable. No man's sky was my nomination for the biggest let down award, Just Cause 3 just stole that award."
76561198045156866,Recommended,225540,28336385,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,mileo12,Great game with so much to explore. My kind of game! I love the huge map and the car mechanics are pretty good compared to Just Cause 2. The explosions are pretty epic and look surprisingly good. Definitely will recomend.
,Not Recommended,225540,33625653,Posted: 18 July,all,irvinlesh,This game seems like a lot of fun..in the little that I played it. Problem is...it crashes way too much. I've never had so many crashes in a game. It's impossible to play this. The PC optimization in this game is complete garbage. Stay clear of this game.
,Recommended,225540,20472218,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Imp,"Ok ignore lots of the negative reviews if you have a good computer, this game has much more to do than JC2the only people who can be bothered to post reviews are haters"
76561198080916729,Recommended,225540,19424083,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Deadass Canoli,"Everything I dreampt of and more.All aspects of this game meet my expectations, with the stunning grathics, much improved controls, easier item drops i could go on for hours.This game was so amazing that my sister that never plays game played this and said:Wtf i actualy feel like rico, its so emmersive and real, He's a bad♥♥♥♥♥Get this game! You will not regret it!"
,Recommended,225540,22291772,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Caesar Zeppeli,Shut up AMD users
,Recommended,225540,22287518,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,mat92910,10/10 would blow up again
76561197984400523,Not Recommended,225540,21677418,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Scott McG,"Loved JC2. Had a lot of fun in the wide open exploration of Panau.This one...hard to put my finger on it. I bought it and felt it lacked anything new. It seemed, dare I say, TOO silly? I mean, JC2 was no Citizen Kane, but it wasn't Jerry Lewis either."
76561198160852908,Recommended,225540,19580553,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Ionic Barbatos,k
,Recommended,225540,20493911,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,TheBritishUnknown,michael bay simulator 2015
,Recommended,225540,19840674,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Zelioze,"funniest, most awesome and realistic game i've ever played. GTA V can suck on this xD too fun"
,Recommended,225540,28543810,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,InterfaceAS,10/10 amazing!They fixed the sound control (*Voice...)Also mechs so yeah!
76561198279148992,Not Recommended,225540,33840723,Posted: 27 July,all,WhiteHawk039,how do i get a refund
,Not Recommended,225540,21048718,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,OUCH!,MEH
76561198042192591,Not Recommended,225540,31340717,Posted: 24 April,all,Mr Delusive,"Memory Leak at first loading screen and never loads game. Tried Everything suggested on steam forums, and internet. Even built a new computer to try to run the game. Can't even refund because it's been longer than 2 weeks.I7-7700GTX 107016Gig Ram,SSHD (Also tried on normal HDD)"
76561198180909730,Recommended,225540,19809142,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Alex,"Best game ever, alakba banter"
76561198004265502,Recommended,225540,29999654,Posted: 17 February,all,"path of exile 10 acts, 4 aug",good gameblow stuff up love itupgrade guns checkfps 50 low spec pc..freez or memory leaks not for me..just turn off vc and water donecamera distance sucks a little bit12 euro good game:Djc2 no story jc3 no story simpel
,Recommended,225540,25068226,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,EXON_Tiger,gets boring pretty fast but ... had the same problem with the second one so ....anyway I can see lots of improvements such as graphics compared to the second one (obviously) so thumbs up for all the new improvements I guess but If you got bored playing the second one don't buy ... it's not worth the money as of now (unless sale)  (still thumbs up though)
,Recommended,225540,21093172,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Platypus,Best Game I have every played in My life.
,Recommended,225540,22748452,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Zamaka,"An expansive but extremely forgiving game, in a way that encourages fun above everything else.  Definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,225540,22755188,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Pitufo Mamadote,"Diz game iz amezing, halps me tu furget unkul ben."
,Recommended,225540,28025528,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ReckLess,BEST GAME EVER!but the graphics are low i mean black ops 3 its more gud the graphicsBUT ITS STILL FUN!
,Recommended,225540,30030300,Posted: 19 February,all,vFirehawk ツ,I don't have a lot of playtime so far but I am enjoying JC3. I love playing with the wingsuit althought driving is really wonky in this game. Still overall an excellent game. Highly reccomend.
,Recommended,225540,20680400,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,A sleeping Asian,"......................,,-~*~,,......................./:.:.:.:.:.|......................|;.;.;.;.;./......................|.;.;.;.;.|............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.|.........,,-"":.:.:.:.""~-,;.;.;.|........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;.."",,......,-"":.:.:.:.:.""""-,,/;.;.;.;.;."",.....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;|...../"""":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""""\;.;.;.;.;.,""....\"",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\.....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\.......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,""::::\..........""""""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-""::::::::::\░█▀▀ ░█▀█ ░█ ░█▀▀ ░░█▀▀ ░█▀▀ ░█ ░█ ░░░░▀▀▀ ░▀ ░░░▀ ░▀▀▀ ░ TMBest game ever of 2015"
76561197969106915,Not Recommended,225540,32777177,Posted: 25 June,all,chazzy2501,"Ehh, stick with the 2nd one.  This has so little structure you'll stuggle to give a crap after a couple of hours."
,Recommended,225540,19406640,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Delta,Game is fun and plays great at 5760 x 1080. Specs I7 4790k 32 gigs of 1600 ram and a gtx 980.
76561198146930289,Recommended,225540,21091451,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,JenkinsMcWankins,"I recomend this game to anyone with a good PC, It is very fun, but it is a bit demanding with it's giant map and next-gen graphics. I reccomend it to fans of Just Cause 2 and fans of action games in general. This game improves on everything great about Just Cause 2, brings back the garages from the first Just Cause, and adds a bunch of new stuff."
76561198178603941,Recommended,225540,21607953,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Luckygamer505,when is multiplayer update???
76561198296500781,Recommended,225540,25507365,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,★𝕲𝖔𝖉 𝖔𝖋 𝕲★,i think this game is a god game but its a rip off of just cause 2 biches
76561198130455974,Not Recommended,225540,28856623,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,罪深き終末論,NO CHINESE
,Recommended,225540,27302631,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Doggo back 8/10,I attached a canister to a goat.Goat is now in orbit.10/10
76561198076104660,Recommended,225540,21034248,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kmongo,Why is this a positive review?Just Cause10/10 good joke
76561198027613833,Not Recommended,225540,29271376,Posted: 15 January,all,|JTF| I see dead people,"Awesome game, really. But don't buy it. It crashes at launch, or if you're lucky you get 5-20 min ingame. Stuttering is very frequent too. I regret this purchase."
,Not Recommended,225540,24999432,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,The Goose King,"I reallywantto recommend this game. It's better than Just Cause 2, and Just Cause 2 is great, but... it's just not betterenough. Whereas Just Cause 2 was a massive improvement over the first Just Cause, Just Cause 3 is only a very slight improvement over Just Cause 2. In fact, it can feel a lot like more of the same, despite the shift in setting from South Asia to Mediterranean Europe. Vehicles handle a bit better, the grapple tether is a bit more fun to play with, the wingsuit is a great addition to Rico's traversal options, the rebels are slightly more proactive in helping you take the fight to the enemy, and the game is undeniably a bit prettier (if not quite enough to justify the huge hike in system requirements), but all in all, there's little of substance to recommend this over Just Cause 2. Make no mistake, this is a good game, but Just Cause 2 is a cheaper good game that runs better on older hardware, and this really feels almost like an (admittedly extensive) expansion to Just Cause 2 rather than an entirely new game. While Just Cause 2 did more than its part to advance the open-world third-person action genre, Just Cause 3 feels like a franchise being left behind.As to performance, it is pretty bad. I haven't had any framerate issues or stuttering (though this is on a brand new computer), but the developers apparently recommend 16GB of RAM (despite the recommendation on the store page being only 8GB). I have 16GB and even then I can only play the game without crashes if I remember to shut down other memory-sinks (like Chrome) first. The online servers are pretty unstable, too, though at least there you have the option of going into offline mode and not having to deal with that nonsense. You'll lose the leaderboards, but so what?In summary, while the ridiculous system requirements are no small thing, even if, like me, you're lucky enough to have a machine that can handle this game, it's still only a minor improvement over the previous entry. If you're new to the franchise, I recommend Just Cause 2, which is currently selling on Steam for £10. I don't agree with certain opinions that Just Cause 2 is in fact better than Just Cause 3 (except in terms of performance), but Just Cause 3 is four times the price of Just Cause 2 and certainly isn't four times as good. If you've got all you can out of Just Cause 2,thenmaybe consider this, but only if you have a very good computer, and wait for the price to drop."
76561198111505937,Recommended,225540,19557826,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TheDiamondDalek,"-First time playing this game--Maximum 60 FPS-""Lets have some fun""-Tapes C4 to a car and launches it towards a base--Giant, bloody explosions-""Im gonna like this game!""11/10 Best. Game. Ever. Nuff said"
76561197970561587,Not Recommended,225540,28352332,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,kaincypher,"Inferior in most respects to the amazingly fun Just Cause 2.  Basically a graphics improvement (when it's not glitching with ridiculous draw distance), but a total downgrade in every other respect, especially the fun department.  For a game all about destruction, you run out of ammo at a ridiculous rate.  Which especially sucks, since the enemies are both pin-point accurate regardless of distance and cover, but are also ridiculous bullet sponges.  The amount of vehicles is relatively plentiful, but hand-held weapons and airstrikes are just disappointing.  The original Mercenaries was released in 2005, and had greater variety of everything (including mission types), and was just more fun.  All in all, a dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,225540,33069054,Posted: 30 June,all,Agris,game is unplayable beyond 30 minutes without DLC.Gameplay w/ DLC is fair. probably wouldn't have bought it if it wasn't on sale.
,Recommended,225540,21615497,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Quackman,The mission rico and the rose is literally impossible
76561198025022888,Not Recommended,225540,33446976,Posted: 10 July,all,THEALSO,so it sucks i mean it barley works my computer is 5K$ and it still runs slow i recommend just cause 2&1 cause this was not made that good
76561198234798580,Recommended,225540,20176404,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Miguel is kinda a porra poes,Is good
,Recommended,225540,19459249,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,-WSKT-,ซื้อๆไปเหอะไม่ต้องคิดไรมากรับรองคุ้ม
,Recommended,225540,25889064,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Aesthetic Kelp,JC3=explosionscan run on my 2008 gaming computer no problem
76561198066812788,Not Recommended,225540,19504402,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,snoopydoo2000,RUNS LIKE CRAP
,Recommended,225540,19430989,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MacisStrange,Look i'm writing this during the release of the game and i see alot of hate and everyone is bashing a great game because there computers cant handle it and the think the wasted there money. But from my perspective this game is amazing ive been a fan since Just Cause 2 and i've been waiting for this game for over a year now and at first it was kind of rusty because like all games during release it had some bugs. But now the updates are fixing them and i think this game is incredible. If your computer can handle the explosions on this game with no lag i recommend this game to you. Thanks for reading.
,Not Recommended,225540,23365334,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Tom,The framerate is just horrible it has an average of 1fps. The worst game performance ever.
,Not Recommended,225540,23403622,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Fakin Brocorrian,why is me very fat
76561198112327476,Not Recommended,225540,33797700,Posted: 25 July,all,Dtrain,"Caution: BSOD, broken to hell and back. Can possibly damage your computer. Even high end computers."
76561198216658409,Recommended,225540,31186235,Posted: 16 April,all,Boocester,i have almost every dlc and its amazing
76561198193255707,Not Recommended,225540,21679491,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Choppy,"If it wasnt bad enough that the cut scenes were out of sync, the fact that I couldn't move to the right pushed the game into unplayable within the first 3 minutes. If anyone can help me out here I would consider changing my review but since I cannot get past the first mission I guess I'll just have to refund and move on"
76561198084303537,Recommended,225540,32636942,Posted: 22 June,all,Spam,"Fun, when you can get it to run for longer than five minutes without it stuttering or crashing."
,Not Recommended,225540,33896165,Posted: 29 July,all,BunkerComet06,"FIRST OFF ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. WHEN I FIRST OPENEDF IT IT PLAYED THIS LOUD♥♥♥♥♥SOUND THAT MADE ME WANT TO TEAR MY EYES OUT. THE FIRST TIME IT STOPPED AND I GOT TO PLAY THIS GAME THAT FELT CLUNKY AT BEST. WHAT IS THIS. HOW DO PEOPLE ENJOY THIS SHITY GAME. AFTER THAT I WNE TO EAT DINNER SO I CLOSED THE GAME, CAME BACK AND THE SOUND WOULDNT STOP. I WILL BE REQUESTING A REFUND ASAP."
,Recommended,225540,19924119,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Adnan008,♥♥♥♥ ALL THE PEOPLE WHO SAYS JUST CAUSE 3 IS BAD! ♥♥♥♥ ALL OF YOU.plus it takes to 55+ hours to finish the game %94+
,Recommended,225540,19426273,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Prof. Fart Sprinkles,"I love this game. I think this is the best game I've ever played. If you liked Just Cause 2, then you'll love this. My computer isn't that powerful and still I can get 30 at very high. Again best game ever."
76561198164560337,Recommended,225540,19492454,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,jack,Fast and Furious The Game
,Not Recommended,225540,19628088,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Air Budd,"The controls for grappling and flying are lousy and unresponsive. I've had too many unneccessary deaths to being mobbed by infinite spawning enemies and Rico lying about on the ground because he scraped a knee while wingsuiting. Junk gimmick, junk game."
,Not Recommended,225540,28401890,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Psyko,4k really has a way of showing you a game's true colors...
76561198366820076,Not Recommended,225540,32607344,Posted: 20 June,all,Ali,Not worthed at all
,Not Recommended,225540,20341038,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Hyprneko,FPS IS SH*T 60$ FOR THIS SHI*
,Not Recommended,225540,19403423,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kuroodo,"Great game so far!At the moment I am prefering Just Cause 2 over this one.Both games have stuff that make them equally great, but I wish the devs kept what made Just Cause 2 great, in Just Cause 3.What really bothers me the most though, is how flying helicopters is super arcady. I'm used to flight sims and flying in games like JC2, GTA series, etc.I kept on crashing in Just Cause 3 cause of how arcady the controls are. Soon enough I noticed that I had to disregard my previous experience of flight in games, in order to not crash.Flying airplanes can be bad for people with motion sickness because the camera rolls with the plane.The map is HUGE. Like it is BIG. Looking at the mini map you may see numerous ""small"" islands. But when you get to them, they are super big!Sadly the map isn't as colorful/vibrant like in Just Cause 2. It doesn't stand out like the second game did.Edit:Game runs very badly with update 1.02 .The game also isn't as appealing as Just Cause 2 was for me. As you can see, I barely played this game.I have hundreds of hours with JC2 (primarily on console)."
76561198121535629,Not Recommended,225540,28409496,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,RedAlyosha,What a scam.
76561198289169315,Recommended,225540,23851961,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,LHack52,g
76561198145466112,Not Recommended,225540,23440288,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Bulat,game does not crash any more but it lags like♥♥♥♥♥
76561198059676714,Recommended,225540,23774324,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ULTRASPARTON™,One of the best games ive ever played 10/10.And for those who say you need at least 16g of Ram your wrong im running this game of 8g.No NASA computer needed!
,Recommended,225540,19598681,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,human,Buy this game on X1 or PS4. The PC optimization .. is not even there.It's like playing Guitar Hero with the keyboard. So consider this a bad review for PC gamers.
,Recommended,225540,19406893,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,dertmeme,You feel like you are going to have a good time
,Recommended,225540,23308781,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,JJ_unsubscribed,"i highly recomend this game. It has Beautiful Graphics, a great plot and Even though i dont have it anymore coz my pc is bad i would still buy it again"
76561198089952393,Not Recommended,225540,28248455,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,SyZoD,çok kasıyo oyun hatalı gta 5 i hıgh da 50 fps de açan bilgisiayarda oyun mid 720p de oynanmıyor
,Recommended,225540,29969841,Posted: 16 February,all,✪ Gary2k,very good:D
,Recommended,225540,34207590,Posted: 12 August,all,The Law,It is good like GTA V and has nice mods too.
,Recommended,225540,28405498,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,The HopelessGamer™,"Excellent game!MAKE SURE YOU HAVE ATLEAST 16GBS OF RAM OR MORE!!!!! THIS GAME HAS A MAJOR MEMORY LEAK. HAVING MORE RAM WILL DELAY THE LAG NOT PREVENT IT.Very fun! Looks great! military Ai are dumb making it very easy to play the game! Most enjoyable!there are bugs and glitches.slow and incredibly hard to walk on vehicles.it has some incredibly big lag spikes.im running ultra at 80fps, the sound dupelicates and stutters!its crashed twice on me.I have 8gbs of ddr4 2133hz and it still tells me i have low memory..... pigs bum iv got alot of it. 8gbs.... but that said 16 would of been good."
,Recommended,225540,23408266,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,b0st0n,Its good but once agin they did not add co-op this is what they said about JC2 co-op modAvalanche Studios: We did not think the game needed co-op♥♥♥♥ you guys but just wana say its not a bad game there are some bigs and the mods are relly glichy but its worth a buy in the end if your on the fence buy it if your not shure buy it when its on sail
,Not Recommended,225540,23380124,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Isaias94,Such the moving optimization that made me cry
,Recommended,225540,19451255,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Aidsplosion,"I own an AMD, played 5 hours, not a single frame drop or crash yet. I run FO4 on Ultra. My guess is that some people have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computers, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ parts, do ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dust maintenance and have tons of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ softwares and malwares.11/10. Would explode again."
,Recommended,225540,30955960,Posted: 4 April,all,Wolf :3,All I Have To Say Is....Boom!
,Recommended,225540,23795036,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,;Thinking_Emoji;,"OVERALL RATING: 8/10Graphics: 10/10- Should be mentioned that it isn't the most optimised but with a few tweaks you can get it to runjust fine.Gameplay: 9/10 - Actions feel mostly fluid, there will be some moments though when yougrapple to something you didn't mean to. The balance in enemies isn't the best either.the soldier 'grunts' take very few hits to kill and take far too long to kill you, while the armored enemies would take over a clip to kill.-  there are extremely cheap ways to die in this game that are rage-inducing.-  It is clear and evident that they tried to add other events and try to mix things up to avoidrepetition and the game getting stale but it still does get boring fast.Story: 7/10 - The devellopers tried to make us feel more attached to the story by adding meaning and value to the characters but it becomes too predictable when a character is going to die in the story and how the entire story plays like a cliche film.Replayability: 6/10 - it's the same action, same enemy reactions, same turn out of events. It can get boring so fast that you (Like myself) wont finish the campaign for a while.I wouldn't regret my purchase, but I do still believe the price is too high for the experience you are getting."
,Recommended,225540,33790690,Posted: 25 July,all,TRYHARD,"I like this game because very close to real graphics, the explosion exactly. This game is fun too because we can do anything in free roam LoL :D. That's all thanks"
,Recommended,225540,24922831,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Tsunami54,👍
,Not Recommended,225540,20250955,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kramer,It runs 60fps on my gtx 970fix the goddamn flickering texture will rate thumbs up again
,Recommended,225540,32815525,Posted: 26 June,all,iiDoNga,sexy sales
,Not Recommended,225540,19441657,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,CrankyPants,"I am going to keep it short. As short as my playtime was for the game because i could barely open it. I am a huge Just Cause fan and i was so eager to play it. Unfortunately with all settings set to low i could barely get 20fps. And it is not even like my rig is terrible, i play Fallout 4, Mad Max and MGSV on high and ultra. This game makes out to be great but once again, the PC community is left to dust. Do not bother buying until everything is patched because the inconsistency of the performance from rig to rig is mindblowing. Friends of mine who have worse PCs than i do are playing this game. Please explain?Do not bother unless you are willing to take the risk like i did, steam reviews never lie. Ive asked for my refund already."
,Recommended,225540,25372933,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Jmh1000,Very explosive
,Recommended,225540,20450949,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,CazAndrogyny,"A worthy successor to JC2, does everything just a bit better. Highly recommended if you have a decent rig (>3G VRAM and >12G RAM). This simply does not run well on lower-end hardware, if you are stuck with a 2G VRAM or 8G RAM....UPGRADE BEFORE BUYING!!"
,Recommended,225540,19433984,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Romo$,Just Fabulous
76561198011767503,Not Recommended,225540,19403235,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SamTulster,Game wouldn't go pass intro before crash.I recommand waiting until they fix the game if you intend to buy.System specs:i7 6700K16 GB RAMGTX 970 4GB
,Recommended,225540,19513135,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Brandon.P,"Max Graphics Simulator 2015, Many have lost so far..."
,Not Recommended,225540,19402980,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Deputy Shotgun,Arkham Knight got better fps.
,Recommended,225540,19402825,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DUDECEPTION,They should add Michael Bay as an easter egg10/10
,Recommended,225540,19402410,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Chairman Meow,"Very fun game. People are complaining about graphical issues on AMD cards. I have an AMD card (290) and it runs pretty well. Had one texture flickering moment thus far, nothing unplayable. And the flickering isn't something the devs caused, AMD is going to release a driver which will fix this issue. The game itself is very well done and the controls feel intuitive. Doesn't feel like a port at all (if it even is one)."
76561198053252393,Not Recommended,225540,19408875,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,pikmonwolf,"It's like Saints Row 2 and Arkham Knight had a baby, but not in the good way."
76561198253332554,Not Recommended,225540,19804231,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Lee,A Massive Disapointment (AMD)
76561197970483538,Not Recommended,225540,24965145,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,w00ters,"Horribly optimized. Constant stuttering with an i7, gtx 680, 6gb ram on medium settings. Unbelieveable."
76561198131911999,Recommended,225540,19403470,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Nick,"Everything about this game is amazing the graphics are great the gameplay is fun, and I get a solid 60 frames with an occasional drop to 40.GPU- Nvidia Geforce GTX 760CPU- Intel Core I7 4790kRAM- 16 Gb"
,Recommended,225540,19422622,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Recondite,"Yeah guys, your all right this is an awful port I can only get 70-120fps.*Slow Clap*P.S. Seaguls are great target practise for RPG's."
,Recommended,225540,19401764,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,sachu1990,iT WAS A BUG . NOW GAME IS WORKING. AMAZING :)
76561198025290081,Recommended,225540,19481357,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Vludmir,"People saying they have GTX 970s and Intel i7s and complaining need to shut up up. I have a gtx 960 4gb intel i7 4790 and I run the game fine.Rant about morons complaining aside, this game is great. The wingsuit and new grapple are awesome and the new destroyable areas like the massive bridges and huge radar towers are awesome. If you have an AMD I do indeed suggest waiting for the first one or two patches. However if you have a Nvidia card and you meet up to the specs in other areas, this game is a must buy."
76561198047567715,Not Recommended,225540,19402678,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,THE WOLF,"getting a very hard lag, eventhough my cpu can handle other games with better graphic like witcher 3 with max graphic setting. I did lower all the setting in this game, even the resolution, but still lagging so hard."
76561198216827193,Not Recommended,225540,24958898,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,_aloobarber,buy Gta v instead. Or any other modern ow game tbh.
76561198126929005,Not Recommended,225540,19402977,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ms-05000,do not buy this game
,Not Recommended,225540,19409115,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sticky Pistons,"Pros: Fantastic graphics, massive open world, great sandbox game featuresCons: it's basically js2 on a different map, story is very poor, objectives often seem tedious rather than exciting.Overall it's a great game. Don't buy it for the story though, and definitely don't buy if you already have js2."
,Recommended,225540,19531296,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ron liason,i pis exploson
76561198156029314,Not Recommended,225540,30003978,Posted: 18 February,all,DeadLink,Why is it telling me i have no memory when i obviously have alot of memory just stupid im reselling this
,Recommended,225540,19402575,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Sc0rpion3 Gaming,Beautiful...Stunning....Picturesque...Explosi>MICHAEL BAY<You should buy it. Why?Just Cause' really.
76561197970630805,Not Recommended,225540,33808880,Posted: 26 July,all,Sonic,"i7 4.4Ghz 32 GB RAM -- game froze at the end of the opening animation of man sitting in chair at beach. Tried several work arounds, gave up and got a refund. First game ever to not even run to get me to the options screen!"
,Not Recommended,225540,31660343,Posted: 9 May,all,CHADZ,IF YOU WANT TO WASTE YOUR MONEY!BUY THIS GAME!+Pros-SO MANY EXPLOSION!-WINGSUIT :)-GRAPPLE HOCK!+Cons-LAG!-HARD DRIVING CONTROLTHIS GAME IS GOOD BUT BAD PERFORMANCE!
76561197991293631,Not Recommended,225540,19433877,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,loren,"Bad performance, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DRM, JC 2.5."
,Recommended,225540,23434149,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Lord Bobbington V,Anyone who's ever given this game a negative review honestly has some kind of mental disability.
76561198115028598,Not Recommended,225540,28382135,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,iSlay,"Yeah, so I have a GTX 950 Overclocked.. and i5 - 4430 processor, Windows 8.1, a 64 bit processor.. and so on... the recommended specs of this game are lower than what I have, oh and may I add- I have 8gb of RAM and alot of storage and memory.... moving on.. I started up the game and everything completely freezes, I try everything from alt f4 to ctrl-alt-delete, and absolutely nothing works, I don't know if it the game itself or if the reccomended specs are wrong.. has anyone else had a prblem with this? PLEASE respond if so. But now for the overall review.. the game looked fun.. however.... it just did not work at all... RIP Just Cause 3. No wonder it's on sale.. looks like I'm spending my money on a game that is actually worth it.."
,Not Recommended,225540,30017314,Posted: 18 February,all,Dat Boi,too laggy graphis suck
,Recommended,225540,20523891,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,JordiTK,"Blow up this, blow up that. Everything is destructable.Everything."
76561198139528629,Not Recommended,225540,33830484,Posted: 27 July,all,chrisegouk,"Best £12.99 spent on a screensaver. Would buy again, very satisfied.The beautiful glorious textures on the beach chair and the towel Rico wipes his sweaty face with are only shadowed by the amazing explosion in the distance. And the smoke... The smoke looks even better than the one out of my barbecue grill.Now did somebody say something about a game?"
76561198283749496,Not Recommended,225540,25651680,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,obada.mizher,the game doesnt work
76561197970410314,Recommended,225540,28338780,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,vortex19464,"If you liked Just Cause 2, you'll like the third installment.  It's that simple."
76561198185756914,Not Recommended,225540,32830520,Posted: 26 June,all,Ridicuze,This is the worst port since skylanders on my leap pad.
,Not Recommended,225540,33078148,Posted: 1 July,all,Furkan_Orta,"Only diffrences between Just Cause 2 are new graphics, slightly diffrent gameplay and you use hook with ""right click"" instead of ""F"". Do not buy it and do not waste your money."
,Not Recommended,225540,26097890,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,BillehBobJoe,"the game is okay from what i played on my friends console, but if you have an AMD Graphics card, be ready to refund"
,Not Recommended,225540,31300538,Posted: 22 April,all,Ja,Got game.Downloaded it.Waited for an hour.Loaded game. Game crashes.Finally plays game.Seriously laggy.Game crashes again.Computer crashes.Loads it up again.Plays game.Works well.Crashes saying 'Your Direct X is out of date' (despite the game working before)Donwloads 'Direct X' again.Loads gameGame crashes.69/10Thank god for refunds
,Not Recommended,225540,21640499,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SONGXD,"I really wanted to like this game. I did. I just cant though. It does not bring the fun of Just Cuse 2, the dialogue is dull... yes, I did play less than 2 hours and refunded, but I was not ready to let the game do its magic throught the end as I knew I would be losing money. Good job Square Enix... good job. At least you got Tomb Raider right...right?"
,Recommended,225540,29092189,Posted: 7 January,all,RemMmMmM,Rip off Just Cause 2.Surprised it hasnt been reported for copyright yet
,Not Recommended,225540,29515574,Posted: 26 January,all,G8Commodore,"I picked this up during the Holiday sale for a low price and I still feel ripped off. The game controls do not play smoothly. It feels like you are always fighting the game to do what you want to do. Graphics are ok, nothing amazing but not terrible. Seems like with each sequal they keep getting worse. First one was really fun(but short), 2nd one was fun but nothing amazin and so far 3 is just a disappointment.Definitely takes some time getting use to playing, not like other solid games where you can pick it up and be able to play the way you want(even if you're terrible, lol).If you want to play the game definitely make sure you pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,225540,19434914,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Big Pep,GG
,Recommended,225540,23784227,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Scorpion [offline for a year],Michael bay loves it!
,Recommended,225540,24333122,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"When this game runs smoothly, it's awesome. The load times suck♥♥♥♥♥even on an ssd and there is a crap ton of frame dropping for no apparent reason. I wish steam had a sideways thumb review, cause this game needs technical work and it's impossible to recommend it like this, but if they can fx it, it's great."
76561198032998287,Not Recommended,225540,28348902,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,PC,boring as hell!!
76561198161176853,Recommended,225540,33779191,Posted: 24 July,all,[Pro]⭐️POOTIS BIRD⭐,Love this game!!!
,Recommended,225540,33808719,Posted: 26 July,all,ArchMage Zalunax,"Explosions, wingsuit, and grappling hooks. what else could you ask for?"
,Not Recommended,225540,23816279,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Assistant Director,Crappy FPS rates render this game virutally unplayable on the lowest graphical settings.A shallow plot tries to convince us to care about some revolution with characters from someone's past (not ours).This game disappoints.
76561198046952782,Recommended,225540,23818594,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Eagleman,"I loved the game when Nerd³ made a video, just now I bought it.When I play the game, something happens and I cannot understand why, the water texture is missing,Please help play this masterpece hahaha"
76561198099673441,Recommended,225540,20915035,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Vida2199,One of my most favourite ever. If you like blowing things up and going against the laws of physics then this is game for you 10/10 IGN 10/10 ROTTEN TOMATOES
76561198175443995,Recommended,225540,19950393,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Ziggy,Someone already took the Micheal Bay Joke... So...
,Not Recommended,225540,28613246,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lightning,"No reliable manual saves. I 100% completed the game and everything was fine. Then i decided to uninstall it for a while and then after a year i reinstalled it and lost my save, now i have to start over again."
76561198058672268,Not Recommended,225540,19553649,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Your Favorite Porn,Explosions are cool.Explosions are not as cool when they are in a slideshow.Fergusson simultaor 2015: Slideshow edition 2/10*EDIT*Computer specsGraphics Card - GTX 960Processor - AMD FX 8350RAM - 8 gigabytes
76561198023054500,Not Recommended,225540,19574890,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,the mysterious funnel cake,"do i recomend this game? well you can probly see by the huge red thumbs down abouve this review, but no i do not recomend this. i was hyped for this game for 5 months i preorderd it around 5/31/15 i was so exited for this thing i thhrew 70$ at this game and for what a world that feels like half the size of just cause 2?! seriously i would pay 80 or even 90 $ just to have everything in just cause 3 remade in just cause 2 the world there is MASSIVE now the world of just casue 3 may feel smaller to me because the fast travle is much faster and you have a wing suit that cna transport you to places decently fast while admiring the synic view of this beatiful world the bonuses that i could pull out of this wreck are basicly just the graphics and how pretty the world looks and the explosions... oh my the explosions look nice, and i geuss some of the mission and the devevelo tapes (they're just some collectable stuff) that give you some realy nice back story on the place. theres also a realy nice arsonel of wepons to choose from tho sadly some of the realy nice ones you have to unlock and to get a realy great experience you have to do perferct 5 gears on most all the challenges to unlock the realy nice stuff. bads iv realy noticed is that i completed the entire game (exept for some challenges) in 1 week anyone from just cause 2 knows beating just casue 2 in a week 100% is impossible unlase you have cheats or something to help you find every single chaos object in the game thats something this game realy lacks in just cause 2 was massive so they were able to put a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of chaos things around the island like the small radar things (not guna lie 400 hours into just casue 2 and im still only 99.88% done) and i remember watching 1 of the videos for just cause 3 someone said they wanted to give the player more movent or something so that youre not locked in place during a animation thing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T if you interact with something you have to wait till its over iether its hacking some control panle entering a tank (you can be shot at during all of these tho only entering a veichle you wont stop mid animation if you get hit) theres also anoying bug ware you will be under a car or your foot gets stuck in the ground and you have to wait 5 seconds or someshit while 10 guys are destorying your♥♥♥♥♥with rifles,shotguns, tanks,sniper rifles you name it. i died atleast 1-3 times because i was glitched and i couldent do anything theres also the keybindings... dear ♥♥♥♥ing god anyone from jsut casue 2 will loose theyre♥♥♥♥♥♥when they see the key bindings cause i sure as hell did now i know they added more things to the game which means more keybindings but F in the just cause universe tells me GRAPPLE now its detonate explosives and geuss what you can try to edit the keybinding to grapple but if you hold down the F key for some reason the game doesnt understand edited keybindings so you will do the little pull out the detonate stick thing and click it very anoying when your trying to hook a helicopter to the ground and send him flying to the ground also if you havent noticed with the other reviews you need to have a realy good computer and this game seems to hate AMD so you better have a nividia if you want to play this game or you can kiss your♥♥♥♥♥good bye if you wat to play this piece of crap theres also the air land and sea pass i dident understand what it was but now i do after i baught the thing and was half way into the game apparently its just a early acces to the 4 bonus features for preordering if you baught the pass then you got all 3 veichles and the sniper rifle at day 1 of the release or you can wait 1 week and save 27$ to get the items god damn that was a waste of money. im pretty sure theres more stuff i want to talk about but i cant remember at the moment but again i would LOVE for a revame of just cause 2 with just casue 3's engien."
,Not Recommended,225540,31066217,Posted: 10 April,all,n3ko,"I do like this game but its got a lot of problems. This is such a poorly optimized game and the fps drops to below 20 often. But thats not all, one day i decided to reformat my hard drive and I assumed that all my game saves would be backed up into the cloud and all of them were EXCEPT Just Cause 3. In 2017 why doesnt AAA game have cloud saving?  I lost all my progress and I havent touched the game since."
76561198169909917,Not Recommended,225540,26324121,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,fuckoffwalter,"This game ♥♥♥♥in sucks. they have not fixed the fps issue yet (lag, stutter, whatever the ♥♥♥♥ its called) and it's been out for about a year. the driving is horrible its like your drivng on black ice. THE DESTRUCTION SYSTEM is absolute garbage there is so much♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game that you CANT blow up that you would think you be able to (houses, platforms, ect) the violence is a total joke (this game should have been rated ♥♥♥♥ing T for travesty) serriously tho there is no gore but instead tiny little sprays of blood and the swearing is verry minimal. holy ♥♥♥♥ i mean there is probobly more that i could gripe about but im gona stop there. as for comparing this game to another? i would say mercinaries 2 world in flames. (WOULD SAY) but i wont because jc3 dosent hold a candle to mercs 2. now these are just my opinions about jc3. dont let me discourage you from grabbing a copy cause i dont enjoy it. game on"
76561198184570203,Not Recommended,225540,27350181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bdw21wilson,"I just downloaded the game and it took a whopping 16 hours and now i can't even play it because every time i try to play the game, it says ""Just Cause 3 has stopped working"" and then closes the app, please help."
76561198103086635,Not Recommended,225540,28353505,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Vipe,Played for less than a couple hours. Crashed 3 times. Hopeing to get a refund.
76561198146437297,Recommended,225540,21620489,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,oPoKOLO900,Well. I really hate that it lags for me. I get like a frame drop every 5 secs!
,Not Recommended,225540,21676548,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,KilgoreTrout83,"I read the reviews of the game crashing but thought ""It probably won't crash on my system, since my system is better than most"".  Nope, I was wrong.  About 20 mintues into the game (only 10 min of gameplay) it crashed.  I immediatly asked for a refund from Steam while I still could."
76561198365499650,Not Recommended,225540,33893814,Posted: 29 July,all,HARRY,IM Really angry i want my friken money back so laggy!!!! spent so much money i earned this money it all ways says low memory some function might not work you cant play it i want my money back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im really angry
,Recommended,225540,25470393,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,poppin,░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▀█▄░░▄██▀░░░░▄██▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▄▄▄████████▄▄█▀░▀█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄██████████████████▄█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄██████████████████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄████████▀░▀█████████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀████████████▄░░░░░░░░░░░██████▀░░░░░░░░▀███████████▄▄▄▀▀▄░░▄▀▀████▀░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░████████░░░░░█░█░░░▀█▀█░░░░▀▀░░░░░░██░░███░██▀░░░░▄▀░█░░░░▀██▄░░░▄░░░▀░░░▄░░░███░██▄▄▄▀▀░░░░▀▄▄▄▄███▄░░▀▄▄▄▀▄▄▄▀░░░███░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▄██░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███▀▀██░░░░░░░░░██████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄█░░░░░░░░░█▄▀█▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▀▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░░░░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░░░░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░░░░░░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░░░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░░░░░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░░░░░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Recommended,225540,19860170,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ungrim Ironfist,.
76561198292115037,Recommended,225540,28544114,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BeachedWhale101,Great game Love it I got it with the discount.  my computer is slow and won't handle it that well but sitl even with some lag the game is still great.
76561198104816709,Recommended,225540,27219597,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PennState Dad,Ies fun
,Recommended,225540,23343229,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Sentinel,Really really good game. EXPLOSONS!!!!
76561198047927358,Not Recommended,225540,33342608,Posted: 7 July,all,The Killer From Heaven,TOTALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!! CONTROLS ARE ABSULUTLY CRAP DONT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,225540,21667815,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,NeZ,It´s don´t work whit 8 GB RAM
,Recommended,225540,28339264,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Hitokiri Battousai,Fun for a while. Gets repeditive. Driving is REALLY HARD
76561198057391791,Not Recommended,225540,31576934,Posted: 6 May,all,LordAT,"DO NOT BUY! Most of the times, the game doesn't run at all, and if every once in a while it does, lags make the game unplayable."
,Not Recommended,225540,30045199,Posted: 19 February,all,zepdoss,"(I had another review that was short and sweet, but was receiving mindless comments about how my PC must blow)Before I go on, my specs are an i5-6600k, GTX 1060 6GB, and 16GB of DDR4 RAM. With that, there isn't a game that I have played that doesn't perform at 60fps on the highest settings. Except this one.I loved playing this game on Xbox One. I 100%'ed it within a couple of weeks off and on. Unfortunately, my Xbox bit the dust and I built a gaming rig. I saw that it was on sale and decided to pick it up. After the 3 hour installation, it took 2 mins to boot. Not terribly bad but underwhelming. When I started playing, the game absolutely chugged. Stuttered completely and ran at 20-30 FPS. I lowered the settings and resolution to no avail. So, I uninstalled and asked for a refund.A few people have also had this issue, and those who don't are prone to attacking ones that do. I wouldn't risk buying this game on PC. Considering it's been over a year and an issue like this still exists for numerous people, I wouldn't bother. It sucks because this game is great, and better than the second by far."
76561198157733658,Recommended,225540,23219517,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Venatophobia,────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good Game███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────
76561198161202190,Not Recommended,225540,26238998,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,capten racoon,frame rate sucks slow as can be mite be my computer check requirements.thumbs down is a mabey
,Not Recommended,225540,28392906,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,✯Jebsy✯,"Ehh. 19 FPS on low, medium and max, CPU 40% GPU 10-20% and RAM Using 6700 Mbs, Yeah this game is ♥♥♥♥ed up real bad.."
76561198093818928,Not Recommended,225540,19581398,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Periphery,"Horrible frame rates and horrendous driving mechanics. The grapple/parachute/wingsuit thing is fun but the novelty wears off quickly. I was very disappointed with this game because the gameplay on youtube looked so cool.  Would not recommend at all. Save your money, time, and hard drive space."
76561198268453808,Recommended,225540,25457036,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Blyat,best gam evr playd i cri evry tim cus its so goodd i explde everiting its so funnny m8
76561198226038480,Not Recommended,225540,34735973,Posted: 4 September,all,FRANKIE,the game doesent work att all by my i dont no whats rong
,Not Recommended,225540,23434661,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Templar,It's just bad.
76561198019327123,Not Recommended,225540,21622698,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ヤキsawyer,meh
,Recommended,225540,20309493,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Portal Master,This Game Is Just Plain Amazing The Map Size Is HUGE You Can Destroy Almost Anything and it turns into a perfect open world game I HIGHLY RECCOMEND You Buy This Game
,Recommended,225540,19421553,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Spartacus 武士,:*
,Recommended,225540,19556721,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SLOGiants,Just like Just Cause 2 but better in every aspect. Mixed reviews are mostly from those running AMD cards that don't function as well as Nvidia cards. Absolutely a must have.
76561198133513059,Recommended,225540,20813022,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Grillymore,funnest fre roam game ive played :D
76561198238468016,Recommended,225540,19447127,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,teodoro,"you should buy this game , why you may ask....Just cause !"
76561198118731061,Recommended,225540,28548376,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mr.colourless Blender,will never get old too much out of 10
76561198263099439,Recommended,225540,28548253,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Cruel,nice game guys
76561198095469393,Not Recommended,225540,28907689,Posted: 1 January,all,Alen Rex,I dont like the game because game mechanic compared to GTA V is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Driving car in just cause 3 is like driving a train. Only thing that is good about this game is nature and islands.Dont buy this game.
,Recommended,225540,33815618,Posted: 26 July,all,SpoDEy,Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit Boom boom boom grappling hook wingsuit
,Recommended,225540,19758033,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,kiri,"The port is okay. It could be better but the game is pretty fun except the repetitive liberation missions. I would wait for a price drop on this one. Once it does, consider buying it, It's bigger than GTA 5, Skyrim, Witcher 3, COMBINED."
,Recommended,225540,20533570,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,TheDrJr,"This game is 10 out of 10. They are working on a multiplayer mod to make it better so please buy. Even if all your friends hate it, it is still a great game when you are kicked from csgo."
76561198170049971,Not Recommended,225540,33846846,Posted: 27 July,all,oceanman,it doesnt boot wtf is up with that so i havent played it any i have 1hour on it and it only loading times
,Recommended,225540,19426234,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,GhostAkaNoahDunn,so far its running good. it crashed about 1 time but i'll let it pass. running it at high settings maxed out with a single gtx 980.  game is not demanding but still looks pretty. do i recommend it? yes if you have an imagination and just want to shoot whatever moves. if you dont have creativity or enjoy shooting at stuff and you want stuff handed to you then no.
,Recommended,225540,23994782,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ebuss96,Best game ever no faults
,Not Recommended,225540,28380496,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,yard wolf,couldn't even get the game started.
76561198172283959,Not Recommended,225540,31307718,Posted: 22 April,all,Luffy,"I have a GTX 1080 Ti and only 8 gb of RAM. However, i can't run the game. I have redownloaded it so many times yet it wont make a difference."
76561198059315785,Not Recommended,225540,27425496,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dela,Trash
,Recommended,225540,28329045,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Midget,allohah snackbar
,Not Recommended,225540,28652370,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Oilking,blah
,Recommended,225540,21604195,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Panda ChuChu,Unlock the Turbo Time bomb. Plant it on cow's butt.Grapple it on a Turbine and then BOOM ! you have Ferris wheel made on cow10/10 HARDCORE EVERYDAY
,Recommended,225540,19436738,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ChrisM,Brekfast
,Recommended,225540,23758454,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,fuckworth,grapel hook
,Not Recommended,225540,19944789,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Minecraft User,Best AMD hater of all time.
,Recommended,225540,20693685,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Schroedster,A statue of the general? Allahu Akbar!!A bridge where a train crosses? Allahu Akbar!!A military vehicle? Allahu Akbar!!A soldier? Allahu Akbar!!Bambi? Allahu Akbar!!Jihad/10Would get spied on by NSA again.
76561198126102180,Not Recommended,225540,19577206,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,PotatoJews,when i can accually launch the game ill write a propper review
,Recommended,225540,19402705,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ShadowStorm,All the nevers in Just Cause 3:I will never play Just Cause 2 again without trying to shoot my grapple and then trowing a grenade instead.I will never forget how incredibally WELL optimized this game is.I will never try to deploy my wingsuit 2 feet above the groundI will never not reccomend this game to ANYONE who likes ANY type of game. 10/10
,Recommended,225540,19536286,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ᵏᶤᵚᶤ‰,5 / 10 : Story10 / 10 : Michael Bay
,Recommended,225540,19491839,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,hzhang7,这游戏 支持sli 那就更给力了 gear mods碰到点小问题 但是总体不影响游戏  。。。。M488 你值得拥有爽的游戏都给好评
,Recommended,225540,20448557,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,iSAK Bot #1,"Good game, 100-120 fps all the time, no bugs, no crashes. 10/10 if you have a high end pc."
,Not Recommended,225540,33188929,Posted: 3 July,all,Council House,You NEED 16GB ram
,Recommended,225540,21638891,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Oliverr,"This game is too good for a normal review so he is a recipe for a bacon explosion:INGREDIENTS:2 lbs thick cut bacon2 lbs Italian sausage3⁄4 cup barbecue sauce (your favorite)3 tablespoons barbecue seasoning (your favorite rub, recommended Bad Byron's Butt Rub, Rendezvous Famous Seasoning, or Steven Raichlen)DIRECTIONS:To kick off the construction of this pork medley you’ll need to create a 5x5 bacon weave. If the strips you’re using aren’t wide enough to span 5x5 inches, then you may need to use a few extra slices to fill out the pattern. Just make sure your weave is tight and that you end up with a nice square shape to work with.The next step is to add some barbecue seasoning on top of your bacon weave. (BBQ Addict recommends Bad Byron's Butt Rub, Rendezvous Famous Seasoning, or Steven Raichlen's All-Purpose Rub).Now that your pork is well seasoned, it’s time to add more pork. Take two pounds of Italian sausage and layer it directly on top of your bacon weave. Be sure to press the sausage to the outer edges of the bacon creating a patty that is the same thickness all the way across. Most grocery stores carry loose sausage, so just pick out one you like.Next up is bacon layer number two. Take the remaining bacon slices and fry them up the same way you would for breakfast. If you like soft bacon, make it soft. If you like crunchy bacon, make it crunchy.Since this is a barbecue recipe, we need to add another layer of barbecue flavor. Take your favorite sauce and drizzle it all over the top of the bacon pieces. (BBQ Addict recommends Burnt Finger BBQ’s homemade competition sauce). Once you’ve sauced the bacon, sprinkle on some more of the barbecue seasoning you used on the bacon weave.Very carefully separate the front edge of the sausage layer from the bacon weave and begin rolling backwards. You want to include all layers EXCEPT the bacon weave in your roll. Try and keep the sausage as tight as possible and be sure to release any air pockets that may have formed. Once the sausage is fully rolled up, pinch together the seams and ends to seal all of the bacon goodness inside.At this point we can start to see the final shape of our Bacon Explosion, but we’re missing one key item. To complete the construction process, roll the sausage forward completely wrapping it in the bacon weave. Make sure it sits with the seam facing downward to help keep it all sealed up.Sprinkle some barbecue seasoning on the outside of the bacon weave, and now it is ready for the smoker. Cook your Bacon Explosion at 225°F in a constant cloud of hickory smoke until your meat thermometer gives an internal temperature reading of 165°F Normally this will take about 1 hour for each inch of thickness, but that could vary depending on how well you maintain your fire and also how many times you open the smoker to take a peek. BBQ Addict recommends 2.5 hours, for a roll 2.5 inches in diameter.Now that the Bacon Explosion is fully cooked, you need to add some finishing flavors. Remember that barbecue sauce you used for inner flavor? You'll be using that same sauce to glaze the cooked bacon weave. Using a basting brush, coat the entire surface with a thin layer of sauce. Sweet sauces are loaded with sugars, so they’ll give your fatty a nice glossy finish. Spicy and vinegar based sauces don’t contain as much, so they won’t set up as well. If you’re dead set on using those sauces, just cut them with a bit of honey and you’ll get the same effect.Slice the Bacon Explosion into quarter to half inch rounds to serve. If your roll was good and tight, you should now see a nice bacon pinwheel pattern throughout the sausage.Obviously pork is best served by itself, but if you feel the need to make this meat monster into a sandwich, BBQ Addict recommends placing a couple Bacon Explosion slices on a warm Pillsbury’s Grands Biscuit."
,Recommended,225540,22857869,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Col,"Just Cause 3 is the best open world game in 2015. If Just Cause 3 keeps crashing, update the newest driver for Nvidia or run as an administrator. It worked for me :) I rate Just Cause 3 10/10."
,Not Recommended,225540,19403348,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,[907] Hollfraendi,"For once god damnit, I would like a freaking game to come out optimized. You think they would have learned after Batman Arkham Knight- Cant Optimize Resolution without the game crashing- Cant skip intro without the game freezing- Running on Nvida GTX 970M 32 GB RAM, Intel i7-6820 HK CPU, SSD, 4K. (So yes I have High Ultra Capable Specs)- Loading times are awful and requires you to sign in no matter if you choose offline or not which (Even in the menu) causes stuttering.Please fix your ports developers before you release the games."
,Recommended,225540,32902689,Posted: 27 June,all,eDJr.,Gitgud
76561198133018268,Recommended,225540,19403831,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,inragedgoaile,"Yes there are ALOT of unloaded chunks in the mountains and some gliches, but you have to remember it just came out. It is a great game, great time to mess around in, and just have a grand time!"
,Recommended,225540,19404577,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Z71Silverado06,Really Great Fun Game
,Not Recommended,225540,24961124,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DWSN,this was ♥♥♥♥ing atrocious
,Not Recommended,225540,19402101,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Lamejokesman,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=566139304yeahhhh long wait for this
,Recommended,225540,19404488,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Pinwheel of Pain,I can feel a very harsh 2nd Quarter grade drop coming with this game.....UPDATE: If you have issues with framerate drops then disable V-Sync it really can help. Overall good game.
,Not Recommended,225540,33785627,Posted: 25 July,all,An_Ugly_Shovel,"Broken controls makes it unplayable, if you don't have a controler don't bother and save your money"
,Not Recommended,225540,29979333,Posted: 17 February,all,GoiGarg | SaveKeys.Net,very less optimize don't buy
,Recommended,225540,25017021,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,JDubz,"I don't understand what's with the negative reveiws. I have a PC that's under the requirements, and yet play it on High/Ultra Settings. What needs to be done on other peoples ends, are update your drivers, or upgrade.-Will Edit For My Full Reveiw In The Future-"
76561198120450019,Recommended,225540,23961290,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Cpt Procrastinate,"havent actually played it yet, it wont launch!but from what i have seen its a pretty good game"
,Recommended,225540,23834155,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lv99 Magikarp,I like cats.
76561198254521471,Recommended,225540,24999159,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,alex0391,"AWESOME GAME!!Everyone complain about optimization! But im playing it in 4k full FPS! NO lags!! Just good fun game!!!I7 4.2ghz16 ram 3000hzGtx 1070Mobo asus maximus viii hero28"" 4k monitorIf your computer is laging buy a new one thats it!"
,Not Recommended,225540,34846051,Posted: 9 September,all,ED4N22,good if you have a super computer
76561198140319113,Not Recommended,225540,28380892,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Blakaroo Skinhub.com,Really cool game.to run on a gtx 1080
,Recommended,225540,19402723,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Wall Crouton,"Watched someone play the beta a couple months ago and couldn't wait to play it for myself. Did not disappoint.P.S. Don't trust negative reviews that are like ""there was a graphical bug, 0/10"" after playing it for 5 minutes. It played just fine for me."
76561198298885581,Recommended,225540,28545670,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Lorsque,"It's fun at first, but it gets very repetitive with the same stuff."
,Not Recommended,225540,34768586,Posted: 5 September,all,CodeKeem,HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA. OK
76561197988562209,Not Recommended,225540,23472672,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Laiziras,keeps crashing and developers dont seem to be more concerned at making more dlc instead of fixing the memory leaks this game has
,Not Recommended,225540,32841952,Posted: 26 June,all,timecop,such a good game that it wouldnt even launch
,Recommended,225540,19408567,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Nosman123™,Great game lots to do better then JC2p.s. updated drivers save lives
,Recommended,225540,19403396,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Ch1kn L1ckn,"Right now I can't recommend the game due to unoptimization due to stuttering and framerate drops. Running on i7-3770 and a 980Ti at 1080p and this is happening. Will update review if patch comes out to improve performance.**EDIT: I forgot about VSync, turned that pesky bugger off and running like a charm! Textures leave a lot to be desired in the game but the gameplay is solid."
76561198285291695,Recommended,225540,30018103,Posted: 18 February,all,124vips,Cant Play Because Its Not For Mac
76561198027959571,Recommended,225540,21609994,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Zombles,To lazy to wright♥♥♥♥♥♥ And I'm drunk. But mainly to lazy. Just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it. I don't actually care
76561198201406727,Not Recommended,225540,19553176,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ponz,"i have just bought a $500 computer and it has 1 frame per seccond and at the best of times 4 fps, i find this verry dissapointing"
,Recommended,225540,19684237,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,SE | Walrus the Disco God,meh
,Not Recommended,225540,19846631,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,CondensationOnMyCameraaaa,Couldnt play it on my computer
,Not Recommended,225540,28360487,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,The Doctor,Just crash 3 is a better name. I can't even get this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥to start 80%+ of the time even without mods on a top of the line pc.
76561198132892114,Not Recommended,225540,32707486,Posted: 23 June,all,Hoborocket,bad
,Not Recommended,225540,24301668,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,*PALE CROW*,graphics like ps2 agewashed and makes me sickthe game cant be played most of the time
,Recommended,225540,28358398,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Zroter,How To Play Multiplayer LOLIs There Even Multiplayer
,Recommended,225540,24959781,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,D4RK.Lord,well this game had lot of change than last version (JC2). some of them are good and some of them is bad:+City takken chalnges+Flying wing+Large Map+Divers Vehicles-Bad story-Reduction Destruction than JC2-Graphic as it should not progress (improve)-very bad music for an action game...at the end i think it good for 1 Experience
76561198312017908,Not Recommended,225540,30438294,Posted: 10 March,all,Big Steve,to laggy cant even play
,Not Recommended,225540,20598774,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,B E E P B E E P L E T T U C E,"I Bought This Game Because I Saw My Friend Play It *On His Beastly $1000 Gaming Computer* And I Spent The $60 On It And I Ended Up Getting Unbearable Lag And Constant Crashing. I Have A Decent $400 Computer And Still Cant Get Good Frames. I Hope There Will Soon Be A Patch To Fix This Lag As It Is A New Game In All. But, For Now... I Just Cant Play It."
,Not Recommended,225540,28353179,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Ukloo,Just bad.
,Not Recommended,225540,29734047,Posted: 5 February,all,youwantmycurry,ded
76561198073650050,Recommended,225540,19810968,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Xavanux,The game is actually optimized now - 10/10 IGN
76561198050768372,Recommended,225540,28546523,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Metcan,"Pros: many explosions, great vehicles, Doge mode :DCons: Bad voice acting"
,Recommended,225540,19428220,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Rico2,Yes.
76561198253548794,Not Recommended,225540,33859523,Posted: 28 July,all,Reddogking,it say resetart coputer when playing
,Recommended,225540,19593212,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Sugar,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198011265344,Not Recommended,225540,25002098,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ChosenOne,"I can't beleeve I've managed to actualy play it!1st launch - game freeze on intro video and hang my PC dead. Only reboot helped (back in 1998?)2nd launch - stuck on ""log in online"" screen. PC is working, but not responding, and task manager doesn't work. Reboot.3rd launch - game said that I'am not connected to the internet and sucsessfully started!! It was working perfectly but crushed after 20 minutes of gameplay.4th launch - it woked just fine and I was able to play for some time without any crushes!!The game is actually fun. I't like ""saints row 4"" with better explosions and worse everithing else. But I can't recomend it for obvious reasons."
,Not Recommended,225540,24859733,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,P*ter,the driving makes the game unplayable
,Recommended,225540,24537256,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Pyro,Explosion.
,Recommended,225540,33790786,Posted: 25 July,all,JNinjaPug,Neat
,Not Recommended,225540,19413495,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,monkeys9ab,"Game is bad, controls are horrible particularly for vehicles which feel horrible compared to the previous game. Everything is locked behind challenges which are tedious and plainly not fun"
,Not Recommended,225540,19406548,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Treefart,Game is in very bad shape.  Constant stuttering no matter what settings and drivers used.   I'll give it a week before getting a refund.
76561198154565850,Recommended,225540,19401835,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SkumDogMuffinPotato,Good so far had a driver issue but the devs are on to it so its smooth as yo mammas♥♥♥♥♥cheeks now
,Not Recommended,225540,28622925,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lucian67,no
,Recommended,225540,19406440,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ThePandaGamer,"I really love this game... Everything about is great, the explosions, the graphics, the whole game in general is great! Would recommend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,225540,23883176,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,wikudo,"Me : WTF happen, did you guys even worked???My gtx 980ti : I AM WORKED YOU PRICK! Just look at me!Me : So how you cant handle this game properly?980ti : Why you even asking me? ASK THE GAME!Me : ""okay i'll put down the settings to high""980ti : ""Still struggling working out""Me : What now??980ti : Dude this game is sucks, really :(Me : Okay then this is our last resort, i'll put it in the medium and just run it okay?980ti : ........................Me : How the ♥♥♥♥ the hiccups it's still there???980ti : Just please stop this dude, and let me play minesweeperMe ; ""thanks to steam's refund option"""
,Not Recommended,225540,29929521,Posted: 14 February,all,hanlow,this is an awful game it fails on almost every level first most of the time the game wont even start second when it dose its filled with so meny gliches the controles are bad to and the story is even worse massively unlikeble charactors that keep bothering you during the game with anoying and repetitative missions and off mission there are towns to capture these are fun the first couple of times you do them but after a while they become a massive drag the only real fun to be had in this game is driving around the huge map but thats not worth the price tag maby its just me but i hate this game and i played the whole story so i know it dosn't get better. dont waste your monny on this game
76561198261551779,Recommended,225540,23405950,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,King_Cobra_King,EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,225540,32233853,Posted: 6 June,all,Gay Guillaume,hitler was alive and took over the country but then you kill him so all is good in the world
,Not Recommended,225540,28350414,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DJPEEK,would like to know why i dn't recommend this game? I will tell you why. I'm still waiting for them to fix this PO$ so i can play! That is why i cn't recommend this game. smily face upside down!
,Recommended,225540,33779869,Posted: 24 July,all,DaBestHunter17,this game is good. i am hungry
,Not Recommended,225540,21675078,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Warblegarble,I garantee 100% if you have any graphics card under 800 dollars theres no way in hell you will ever be able to play this game for more than 10 minutes.
76561198156622193,Recommended,225540,24960909,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,American Skorpion,make a non fan made multiplayer mod and I'll like it even more
76561198178100306,Recommended,225540,21610625,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Rigabogasourus,good
,Not Recommended,225540,20013868,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,flappah,"Even though a Surface Pro 4 is not a gaming machine one would expect to be able to play the game in the lowest settings. Unfortunately, the game keeps crashing no matter what settings I choose. I really would like to be able to continue playing the game because JC2 was one of my favorites back then. Hope a future update enables a smoother gameplay for me. Right now I'm removing the game from the hard drive and will wait for an update."
,Not Recommended,225540,30536738,Posted: 15 March,all,KaylaArcade,"please dont buy this game, its kinda lame, like really lame"
,Recommended,225540,19936633,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Daddy Up,"This game is Amazing. Please dont complain that you cant run it on your Toaster AMD graphics card Pc.(BTW heres a great pie recipe)Start by making your filling. Peel and finely slice the onions, chop the bacon into cubes and roughly chop the sage leaves, discarding the stalks.Place the onion in a frying pan with a splash of oil. Cook over a medium heat for about 30 minutes, or until dark, sweet and sticky, adding the bacon and sage after 10 minutes.Once cooked, tip the onion mixture into a large bowl to cool.Shred the leftover turkey, then add to the cooled onions with the minced and chopped pork. Finely grate in ½ the nutmeg, add all the other filling ingredients and mix well.To make the pastry, place the flour into a large bowl and set aside.Place the dripping and 300ml of water in a small pan and heat gently over a medium heat for about 10 minutes, or until the dripping melts.Bring it just to the boil, then quickly stir the liquid into the flour using a wooden spoon.Leave it to cool slightly – you want it warm and pliable but cool enough to handle.Knead the dough until smooth. Cut off a quarter of the dough, wrap it in clingfilm and reserve for the top of your pie.Place a deep, 23cm loose-bottomed cake tin on a strong, flat baking tray. Working quickly, while the dough is still pliable, press it evenly over the base and up the sides of the tin so it's about 1 to 1½cm thick – you may not need all of it.Ensure there are no holes and that it’s as even as you can make it so you don’t end up with thick patches of uncooked pastry.Preheat the oven to 180ºC/350ºF/gas 4.Fill the pie with the meat filling, then roll out the reserved pastry. Place it on top of the pie, pinching all around the edges to seal the pastry and create a raised crust. Gently press the top of the pie so you get a gentle indent to hold the cranberry topping.Using the handle of a wooden spoon, carefully pierce a hole in the centre of the pie lid to allow the steam to escape.Cook the pie in the oven for 30 minutes, then reduce the heat to 160ºC/325ºF/gas 3 and cook for a further 2 hours 30 minutes.Remove the pie from the oven, beat the egg and brush it over the top of the pie. Pop it back in the oven for another 20 minutes, or until golden. Leave it to cool.Soak the gelatine in cold water for about 5 minutes, then remove and squeeze out the excess water.In a pan, heat the stock over a medium heat until almost boiling. Remove from the heat and stir in the gelatine. Leave to cool to room temperature.Using a small funnel, pour the stock into the pie through the hole in the top, adding just a little at a time and allowing each addition to sink in before adding the next.To make your cranberry sauce, remove the orange peel and place in a saucepan with the orange juice and the remaining ingredients.Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 15 to 20 minutes, or until thick.Taste it, and if it’s too sour, add a little more sugar. Allow to cool slightly, then remove the cinnamon stick, cloves and peel.Leave the sauce to cool and thicken further for about 45 minutes, then spoon it on top of the pie.Place the pie in the fridge to set overnight.For the extra sage leaves (if using), heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a small frying pan over a medium-high heat and fry the sage leaves until crisp.Top the pie with a few fried sage leaves and serve with your favourite pickles."
,Recommended,225540,29805312,Posted: 9 February,all,True Pc King,Fun game lots of explosions
,Recommended,225540,28548784,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,zaptusXcrit,BOOMMMMMM BEST GAME EVER XD love it so muchhhh if you going to buy it just buy DLC pack XD so many thinks to destroy also you can use dooms day weapons like stiyng ray gun omgg i love this one so powerfull XDD!!!
76561198146830695,Recommended,225540,21629183,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,zach.,","
76561198166306288,Recommended,225540,28345217,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Rockmaster Elite,Amazing. Absolutely amazing.
76561198024667815,Recommended,225540,28337517,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dhienno,great game
76561198087123922,Not Recommended,225540,33162903,Posted: 2 July,all,Alekthehero,"This Game Is Amazing. I love every part of it from wing suiting to the story, but today i started the game up and accententally hit space twice only to realize upon start up it wiped my save.I LOST 83 HOURS OF GAME PLAY, TO A SIMPLE MISS KEY PRESS.Im extremly angry and just wish this dosent happen to anyone else."
76561198035303617,Recommended,225540,24010348,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,kaseym,"Everybody seems to have problems this game. I get 100-200 fps and all I have is an i7 6700k, 32gb of ddr4 3600 ram and a gtx 1080."
76561198319081319,Not Recommended,225540,28934288,Posted: 2 January,all,13596420308,"rubbish game . i just wanna say DO NOT  buy this ,f game"
,Not Recommended,225540,21644653,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Omar,Horrible.
76561198205903989,Not Recommended,225540,26273780,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,New True Lies,hate it would not recommend this game waste of money
,Not Recommended,225540,30477735,Posted: 12 March,all,Air_Force_Pilot22,This game doesn't derserve to be a Game.
,Recommended,225540,25075911,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,таблетки для жен,Awesome game only fegs with sht PC's are giving it a bad review. If you don't meet the minimum requirements just f**k off
76561198256722981,Not Recommended,225540,28865666,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ol' bin chicken,PLZ DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME IT IS TERRIBLE AND SHOULD GO DIE IN A HOLE. THE PHYSICS AND COMMON SENSE IS TERRIBLE AND THIS GAME SHOULD BE REMOVED FROM STEAMEVERYTHING IS SO BAD ABOUT THIS GAME AND I REGRET BUYING ITDONT BUY ITWASTE OF MONEY
76561198012915042,Not Recommended,225540,28395112,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,erlingheusm1,"graphics are a joke...gtx 780, for this???lol. gtx 480 more like it."
76561198060130481,Not Recommended,225540,27461172,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Moh,DONT BUY THIS GAME IT IS SO BADTHE SOUNDS AND THE GAME PLAY omg manjust dont buy it
,Recommended,225540,23833573,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ð乇ｷ乇ζЦ乇Ð,"I like it, but 8GB could be my problem. I was told this game needs 16GB. Soooooooo... I will buy eight more gigabytes of ram  today and see where this takes me. If this fixes my stuttering issues that happen off and on, I will update this review for confirmation.980i7 4790K8GB -- soon to be 16GBSSD 2 TB850wWindows 10Giving this game a thumbs up for entertaining gameplay."
,Not Recommended,225540,30064124,Posted: 20 February,all,ShrimpoKnight 🖖 🤔,Soooooooooooo bad
76561198083625697,Recommended,225540,23797542,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kelpy_G,ya
,Recommended,225540,24989147,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,GOWONZU,"Great game, Must buy!"
,Recommended,225540,19401765,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,r2j2612,"-Start the game-Reach a point where I have to fly a chopper-Forget I have to fly it and blow the chopper along with three other cars just for the glory of it- Mission failed, Glorious Explosion achieved.'Nuff said.P.S People crying over muddled graphics, maybe your PC isnt capable to run it? Mine runs it like a beast, no stutters, constant 70-80 fps with everything set on high! So maybe review your specs? Not the game itself? Hating a game because your PC cant run it is the worst thing to do. And I have a mid-range GTX-970 and an FX-6300 handling the game so far.Edit: The game is as Bombastic and as fun as Just cause 2, so if you loved that, there is no way you can hate this. FYI - The driving part sucks though. Vehicles refuse to take tight corners."
76561198082795589,Not Recommended,225540,25784551,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Belbew,♥♥♥♥in ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc port goddamn chinese ruining our damn ♥♥♥♥in games ♥♥♥♥in damn ♥♥♥♥in idiots
,Recommended,225540,24012045,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MessiahOfDestruction,A lot of negative reviews but well I have a monster pc so...first impression of the game: I am gonna love this...I predict I will go ahem gamesexual? After this.
76561198128015749,Not Recommended,225540,19447895,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,junathan,When will the game come out for Mac because when I bought this game I didnt see that it said that it was only for Windows and I completely wasted $60 a on game that I cant even play?
76561198193401758,Recommended,225540,33793056,Posted: 25 July,all,dherlihy333,I'm making a new steam account and im gonna buy it on that can i get a refund
,Not Recommended,225540,28920831,Posted: 1 January,all,mustash cashstash$,this game suks dont buy it                I WAS VERY SAD WHEN I GOT IT  ;[
76561198224413360,Recommended,225540,19426164,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Saturn WE WORSHIP YOU,"its a good game but facing problem in 1920x1080 mouse calib is OFF, fps not stable"
76561198163150990,Recommended,225540,19401673,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mr.Gengiz,the the the the the game is is is is stutututerring really bad i lililike the game but suttering is getting awful
76561198046685945,Not Recommended,225540,30017310,Posted: 18 February,all,Goue O R E O,Don't buy this I think Just Cause 3 is waaaaaaaaaaaay better then this crap
76561198011962156,Not Recommended,225540,21628978,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Lust,"Been a while since this game was released, and still no update for this Memory leak."
,Recommended,225540,21641122,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,NVIDIAGTX1738,i have this game :D
76561198022598373,Recommended,225540,33789864,Posted: 25 July,all,Odawg2005,I love this game very much
,Recommended,225540,19462166,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Autism Dog,"Every review for this game!  ""I like this game because bluh bluh""  ""I dislike this game because my computer is trash and cannot run it properly but even though that is my fault I will rate it poorly."""
,Not Recommended,225540,33790961,Posted: 25 July,all,BoomStick,"if your computer can handle these sorta games, have at it. its fun but it requires like a got damn nasa computer."
,Recommended,225540,28389703,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Whiplash csgobounty.com,Overall Really Awesome Game! Amazing Graphics And Fun To Play!Recommend Going For It!!! :D
76561198011237461,Not Recommended,225540,25907008,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Amused,Flaming bag of dog poop.  Might be good if it they had actually made a PC game instead of a cheap shoddy console port the mostly just won't play on a new pimped out gaming PC.Here's hoping the developers get ball cancer and have the pleasure of watching their kids die in a fire :D
,Recommended,225540,33812479,Posted: 26 July,all,Woody,Luckily the human eye can only see 30 fps so i'm fine with it running at that
,Not Recommended,225540,23128707,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,hatty,i hate video games
,Not Recommended,225540,33134255,Posted: 2 July,all,Newd,Just installed this game 10 minutes ago and I already hope whoever developed it is sterile...
76561197972567040,Recommended,225540,20655836,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,"Scott (Australia, USA)",Recommended for GeForce GTX 770 4GB owners with 8GB of system RAM.
76561198182346295,Not Recommended,225540,29977348,Posted: 16 February,all,firelight44,this game is absolutly horrible it runs 40 frams or fps on a high end pc by high end i mean.gtx nvidia 950 i5 prossecor and i was running the game at its lowest settings evrything turned off or on low.dont waste your monney buy something like call of duty infinite warfare or far cry 2 or far cry 3 or far cry 4 or even gta not this peice of garbage. now on the other hand it runs perfectly fine on the ps4 or xbox one.
76561198066296000,Not Recommended,225540,19752316,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Holy cow! Heavy-ish,I've seen Gifs with better fps than this game
76561198012100336,Recommended,225540,33798431,Posted: 25 July,all,The 31135 Blade,♥♥♥♥ YOU GUYS!!!!!I BUY IT FULL PRICE 2 MONTHS AGOAND NOW ITS 75% OFF!!!WHY CANT YOU TELL ME IN ADVANCED
,Not Recommended,225540,19402668,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Spaghetti_Penguin,"It's buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥and the framerate is all over the ♥♥♥♥ing place. This game at launch is technically inferior to Mad Max, and I have no idea how that even happened. ♥♥♥♥..*TURN OFF THE ♥♥♥♥ING SQUARE ENIX ONLINE FUNCTIONALITY. IT MIGHT HELP.**Actually by turning off that I menat, TURNING OFF STEAM's ONLINE FUNCTIONALITY. Because ♥♥♥♥ Square Enix and Avalanche."
,Not Recommended,225540,21592110,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Kazi,YOU ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S I WAS ALMOST FINISHED WITH THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME THE NEXT ♥♥♥♥ING DAY I LAUNCHED THE GAME AND IT ♥♥♥♥ING STARTS AT THE ♥♥♥♥ING BEGINING ALL MY ♥♥♥♥ING 85.9 ♥♥♥♥ING HOURS ARE ♥♥♥♥ING GONEDONT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME BECAUSE IT WILL ♥♥♥♥ING RESTART WHEN YOUR CLOSE TO FINISHING IT
76561198141317281,Recommended,225540,24963966,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,RickMalmsteenBR,Yes
,Recommended,225540,19591921,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,PCdudeserver,"So far, the best game of 2016."
,Not Recommended,225540,19403460,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Reptilienski,run on GTX980 good.now this game is total unplayable cuz the ♥♥♥♥ing devs hating the modders
76561198077721823,Not Recommended,225540,29990387,Posted: 17 February,all,21 Cabbage,meh
,Not Recommended,225540,19404246,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Perri,"Horrible FOV, glitchy looking graphics, everything is blurred even with motion blur off, absolutely no chance of that multiplayer mod, shoddy PC port... Pretty boring and clunky tbh. Don't buy this."
76561198272397675,Not Recommended,225540,32655245,Posted: 22 June,all,PuReQuaLiTy,"Don't get it, it is terrible"
,Recommended,225540,24959041,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,感觉2k公司nba项目,bad game
,Not Recommended,225540,21594762,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,MrRager,no
,Not Recommended,225540,29969755,Posted: 16 February,all,"едят корму ,,,((RU",bvnchfghgfhgfhf
,Recommended,225540,30408556,Posted: 9 March,all,Kilz Inc.™ シ,"Game is very very good.Really enjoyable but the biggest problem to this game is the optimization !! I'm running with an i5 4460,8GB Ram and an GTX970.I limit the graphics to medium and the game still stutter like hell.I thought Nvidia user has a priority to this game but it's not.2 Year of release and still the optimization isn't fix yet..Shame"
,Recommended,225540,29106931,Posted: 7 January,all,✨🎧★Sans The Gamer★🎧✨,best third person game i love the texters and movement its really cool also i do boomislad (easteregg) for racing like heat chasing too
76561198240561828,Recommended,225540,30388440,Posted: 8 March,all,Xixxin,"I am sad to see all these bad reviews. Sure, the game lags even on gaming pcs, but after I cleaned it up by putting settings on low, it actually ran pretty decent. And did you try putting it in full screen? It prevents ram from loading the other apps you have. Vehicle selection is awesome, so is weaponry, but the wingsuit needs a little help. I loose altitude way too quickly. Perks system is good, it makes you earn the perks. Overall, 9/10. Should get an award. Well done, Avalanche Studios. Well done."
,Recommended,225540,30391578,Posted: 8 March,all,Dezzy,"So I got this game mostly because I liked the second one and the concept of the free roam is amazing. But recently the multiplayer mod came out and made game so much better! This game has amazing story, pretty good graphics, and the best game mechanics/physics I've ever seen. I definitely recommend getting this game for the multiplayer mod. But the other aspects of the game will meet make single player boring.Graphics: 8/10Mechanics: 10/10Multiplayer: 10/10Mods: 9/10Story: 9/10Overall: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,225540,30354906,Posted: 6 March,all,D e e p Doge,Just... Cause ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Not Recommended,225540,30417200,Posted: 9 March,all,highentropy,"Still incredibly crashy on some machines.  16 GB RAM, updated drivers, etc., with no problems in other games and I'll still get crashes every 30 minutes or so.  I tried the suggested solutions re graphics settings, etc., to no effect."
76561198055300822,Recommended,225540,30419229,Posted: 9 March,all,gpserran8,"I´m having a blast playing this game. What´s not to like? You play as a random mercenary with a strong accent and a shady cousin, just like Nico Bellic from GTA IV. You have a  big map with liberty to choose where you will go next. You are liberating a nation from a dictatorship, so you even get to change the flag at the central square of each city!You can jump from roof to roof with a grappling hook, just like Arkham series Batman. And you can also kinda glide with a glider, also much like Arkham series Batman.Ok, the driving of cars is stiff. And the enemies seem to appear out of nowhere. But you get to ride bikes and, guess what, piloting helicopters is actually easy!!And best of all: you get to blow a lot, and I mean a lot, of stuff up. All of it in a great mediterranean landscape. It´s beautiful! It´s a great stress reliever.  It´s your daily dose of mayhem, raising hell and wreaking havoc."
,Recommended,225540,30471319,Posted: 12 March,all,Twissen,"About 3 years ago, there was a big steam sale. I had bought some games and 2/4 dollars had left in my wallet. I saw JC2, watched trailers, googled it. My first impressions on that game were really good. Eventually, I bought the game. My computer wasn't a good computer, it was a bit potato. I installed the game and I played. It was fantastic and enjoyable. Also Multiplayer was stunning! After about two years, Just Cause 3 released. I pleased to see this news. About 2 months ago, I built a new computer and I bought JC3. Now if we talk about JC3, it is still stunning! The graphics and open world amazing. You can do whatever you want. But the problem is, there are so many bugs in the game. Trust me, you'll see a bug in 3 hours playing. The menu is sucks! The interface is OK but the problem is you are waiting so much to connect to the servers or just start to game. And the menu bug which I hate so much is the fullscreen bug. When you switch to another app and turn it back or when you do similar things, the game exiting from fullscreen.What about optimization?I'm playing with GTX 1070 so it's pretty cool but my friend which bought the game said, ""Optimization is so bad."" then he returned it. (He was using GTX 970)Shortly, if you have great computer and if you're patient, buy and enjoy!"
,Recommended,225540,19404942,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,village_admin,"I had no problems with the game loading or starting. The graphics look fine, everything loads/renders. I am only 90 minutes into the game so far but have not had any problems with FPS or dropped connection. My PC is Intel i7 3.50GHz, 16 Gig ram, Win8.1 64bit, Nvidia GeForce GTX 780 Ti. I have read that some people are having performance issues. Since i have not had any issues maybe my specs will give you a bench mark of what to expect.So far the game is solid, i have not put in any real time yet to know how fun the game will be long term. I enjoyed Just Cause 2 so i assume i will enjoy 3 as well.My only minor gripes so far are that you can not skip the load screens or long winded dialog scenes. Very boring for me.The shooting mechanics feel a little console instead of PC. Meaning when you play games on the console you get an assisted ""snap to"" when aiming. The PC version seems to do it also.There is no sprint running, just a casual jog speed or walk slow. When trying to run away from someone shooting at you to take cover you dont move very fast.There are no prone, kneeing, lean or sneak features. Just standing out in the open.When the game starts they give you set goals as a type of tutorial. Kind of sucked because It took about 45 minutes to get into the ""open world"" to where i could start doing what i wanted.Despite those short comings i am still enjoying it so far. I do not regret purchasing the game.***** UPDATE *****Well im a lot farther in the game now. Which just means ive experience a lot more annoying things. I will still keep a thumbs up because i am having fun with it but its game mechanics feel very immature and arcade like compared to Farcry, Fallout and GTA. Just a lot of BS and OMG moments. AI trying to run through a building instead of going around to get you. Aircraft gunning for you running into bridges and trees. Enemy troops spawning in front of your face. Many minor things like that.However i have experienced an actual game killing glitch / bug. About 5 times now in 3 days of playing, the keyboard locks up and stops responding. It has only happened while flying a helicopter. The keyboard just stops working, when you push any key it makes a beep sound. The mouse still works, i can still pivot and shoot the helicopter. The keyboard is so locked up i cant even get out of the game or back to desktop, no CTRL ATL DEL or ALT TAB or ALT F4. The only thing i can do is a hard reboot on the PC case. (GeForce GTX 780 Ti, Driver v359.06, Win 8.1pro 64bit, DirectX 11)"
76561198049488504,Not Recommended,225540,30321465,Posted: 4 March,all,rare1984,"Well, I was finally able to finish this game, and even though I was very frustrated when I posted this review I still hold my point of view about not recomending this game, if you are in the mood for a fast paced open world experience I'd recommend you to first play Farcry 3/4 or even the previous installment just cause 2, or even other games like Fallout 3/new vegas, only after you have finished these games and still crave for open world action try this one, and to avoid some frustration you need to search online and apply **all** fixes that include never pause the game and set settings to medium even in monster computers, still my best recommendation is just to avoid it :("
76561198173359315,Recommended,225540,30456124,Posted: 11 March,all,TheGreatBeaver,This game is a masterpiece just buy it now!!!
76561198152729737,Recommended,225540,30466361,Posted: 12 March,all,colour,good
,Recommended,225540,30465487,Posted: 12 March,all,ToiletROCK,"The map is pretty big, yes, but the things you can do does get pretty dull once you have fully taken over a single province. The other provinces are more or less the same, just with a greater variety of enemies. The game winner would be the expansive and heavy use of the grappling hook, parachute and personal glider. Aside from standard munitions, the player can also use a combination of these tools to take down enemies and destroy things in an interesting way.  Things get really interesting when you reach the maximum Heat level though, with a ton of overpowered enemies literally spawning in your face. Gives quite a lot of fun when played in short bursts."
76561198128952086,Recommended,225540,21359851,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,IIsADapperGuy,"Great game, I cant wait till they add more DLC!"
76561198004663057,Recommended,225540,21390729,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,langjimmy,"It's a great time killer. Fun,Beautiful Explosions, lot's to do"
,Recommended,225540,21395359,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,funnything1,"Just cause 3, more like just explosion 3!"
,Recommended,225540,21395762,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Roboman5e15YT,mech suit sounds awsome
,Recommended,225540,21391961,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,MendelBomBomHD,One of the best games i ever played!Buy this Game!dont listen to other pepole!I like just cause 3 same as i like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥com!and i like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥com a lot!
76561198170723298,Recommended,225540,21418371,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,eppon346,just cause 3 is the best game ever
,Recommended,225540,19417218,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,jroddie,"EDIT: Clearly this game is great enough to spend 70 hours on. I love it. Challenges are still really hard to get 5 gears on, but everything else is great. I'm excited for the new DLC coming up as well.OLD REVIEW:Shooting myself in the nutsack with a rubber band would be more fun than the challenges in this game.Everything else is about the gameplay is great.I've had tons of performance issues (writing as of dec. 1st), but I've managed to fix most of them by manually setting my resolution with launch options, and then using the /borderless /windowed command for the same. Don't buy this game until the patch releases. But it does look pretty good, other than the two glaring flaws (performance and minigames)"
76561198149427976,Recommended,225540,21440885,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,CrystalMeth,ITS THE BEST GAME EVER MADE HOW CAN YOU NOT LIKE IT IF YOU DONT LIKE IT YOU ARE MESSED UP IN EVERY WAY EVER.
76561198170271779,Recommended,225540,21441573,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,kemilk,"Bollywood physics? Check.Lots of explosions approved by M. Bay? Check.Huge, beautiful, Italian-like world? Check.Improved grappling hook and a brand new wingsuit? Check.Small nuke-like weapon? Check.Many other useful weapons? Check.Lots of hidden easter eggs? Check.Let's blow some sh*t up!"
76561198255334844,Not Recommended,225540,21436091,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Destroyer798,I have No ideai why but it is constly crashing my game
,Recommended,225540,21432499,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Ya Boi Matt,Gotta love falcon-kicking pigs off of cliffs.
76561198071776665,Recommended,225540,21433170,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,mlaur,Fun to play.
,Recommended,225540,21430133,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Mortified,Bretty gud game.I 100%ed it so I guess it must have been.
,Recommended,225540,21429408,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Korraspoopalami,"Fun as all hell, however I don't particularly like the repetitive nature of the game. Overall though, I do think it's a brilliant game."
76561198072988356,Recommended,225540,19429005,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Catnapper,"3/10 on launch10/10 todayIt's just JC2 but bigger, better, more explosion-y, and fun-er"
76561198185395607,Recommended,225540,21468514,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,CreamyPie,Just Cause 3 ReviewProsPhysicsTruly systemic open worldThose truly OMFG momentsGood amount of optionsConsFrame rate can be incredibly variableStale storyGets repetitive after about 2 hoursNon skippable introAnnoying pop ups that interupt gameplay when a connection is lostAll in all most of these cons can be overlooked besides the frame rate issuses and the repetitiveness7/10- Good
76561198086873899,Recommended,225540,21493232,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Shmarl,Lack in content. You should buy it when it's cheaper.
,Recommended,225540,19705383,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Naysayer,"Found some folks whose boat was stranded on land, they asked for my help, so I winched the boat into the water. The boat flipped and the driver drowned. The woman on land thanked me and went on her way. I was an accomplice to a hit. 10/10 GOTY.On a serious note though, if you like the Just Cause games, you won't be disappointed. I loved Just Cause 2, and I love this game. No bugs for me. Great performance."
,Recommended,225540,30578755,Posted: 17 March,all,Mishka,Only in this game can you hop onto a car with a deer grazing on it and attach rockets to its♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would attach rockets to deer on car again.<EDIT>Go to my profile -> screenshots for proof
,Recommended,225540,21453849,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Sir CottonSnout,Massive demolition...
76561198045761575,Recommended,225540,19406136,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,davidjduba,"With my 6600k OCed to 4.7 and my GTX 970 OCed to 1.6, the only thing I can compalin about is some drops to 30 FPS. Sort of distracting, but for the day of, it's nothing to cry about.The gameplay is amazing, and flying around in the wingsuit is just as satisfying and thrill enducing as I'd hoped it'd be.I enjoy the challenges, and how they reward you for your effeort with gear upgrades.The water is amazing, and driving a boat on the water, especially far from shore is a joyus experience (I can't believe none of the streamers/youtuber spent time boating around, its seriously astonishing how realistic the water is)Explosions are fun :) And the story helps to drive the first few hours of the game.Over all, I'd say it's a solid 7 or 8/10 and they could raise the score if they (when they) fix the framerate issues."
76561198055275794,Recommended,225540,19406139,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,JVonJeezy,I just want to change the resolution :(
76561198043733048,Recommended,225540,19406151,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kcep,"This game does need a few fixes yes, but it, is, amazing, if you get one game get this, I honestly choose this over fallout 4. If you're gonna get this, get it now."
,Recommended,225540,19406238,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,BeachyNature,Just such a fantastic new editon of the game. Wing suit is really fun. Hitting a cliff then falling forever is also fun. Great game. Definetly recomend to new comers.
76561198054693062,Recommended,225540,19406297,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,benfire777,A Michael Bay GameSo many explosions!!!!!!Everything is running fine!You going to have loads of fun!
76561198065123493,Recommended,225540,19406315,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,P1xel,"Runs Brilliantly, looks great.plus wingsuit, nuf said."
,Recommended,225540,19406361,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,taggART,Connection Lost... .. .Connection Lost... .. .Connection Lost... .. .Connection Lost... .. .Connection Lost... .. .Connection Lost... .. .Connection Lost... .. .Connection Lost... .. .Connection Lost... .. .Connection Lost... .. .Connection Lost... .. .Connection Lost... .. .
76561198156476646,Recommended,225540,19409578,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,LesovikkDroa,"Honestly, this is one of the best games I've ever played. Runs smoothly, very little issuses if any at all. I'm a bit shocked that anyone would rate this lower than 5/10 for stutter that is localized to their set up.The gameplay is incredibly fluid and natural, no mechanic feels jarring or interruptive. The Grapple/Parachute/Wingsuit movement combo is the most fun I've had just travling from place to place in an open-world game! Kills are satisfying, the view is fantastic, and I'm having trouble finding something I can complain about.At it's core, this game takes everything Just Cause 2 did, and refined it to perfection. Just about every aspect has been improved, as well as throwing a few extra mechanics in there, just as any good sequel should do. If you played JC2 and felt like it was good, but needed a bit more to be great, this is your game. But if you Hated JC2, this won't really change your mind. If you haven't played JC2, I full recommend hopping right into JC3. It's an excellent parody of the action movie genre, and you will not be disappointed at all."
76561198042057656,Recommended,225540,19409852,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Buuburn,"This game requires you to mess with some settings in the AMD catalyst if you have a Radeon card. When I started playing, the textures were messed up. This may have been changd overall within a few days. After I fixed it, I got into the game. You will enjoy this game just as much, if not more than just cause 2. The initial impression leaves me incredibly satisfied. The wing suit is an amazing edition and couldn't stop using it when I could. It's not too different from Just Cause 2, but it does it so much better."
,Recommended,225540,19409898,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,markornikov,"Just cause 2 was the most perfect sandbox game ever, but Just Cause 3 is even more perfect.More freedom, more stuff to mess with, more challenges, more explosions.The missions are boring, but who cares for those in a sandbox game"
,Recommended,225540,19409907,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sylvester Stallone,If you don't have a♥♥♥♥♥♥box you'll be fine.
,Recommended,225540,19411061,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sergeant Frank Drebin,"Brilliant looking game, runs smoothly on R9 280  and has good gameplay. As for AMD-Related issues they can be fixed with a driver update."
,Recommended,225540,19411137,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Neon Demon,"Great game, runs fine on 970 GTX, i7-4770k 3.50GHz, 8GB ram at 2560 x 1440 at 144hz"
,Recommended,225540,19411156,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,danlscarlos,Improved upon from Just Cause 2 in every way.
,Recommended,225540,19411639,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Tree,I saved a guy from driving off an broken bridge...  When i tried to pull him up his car crashed and exploded... 10/10
76561197993185682,Recommended,225540,19411732,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Mechalith,"Gameplay wise, if you liked Just Cause 2 or Saints Row 3, you're going to like this. There's some performance hiccups, but for day one, I think it's doing pretty well. (I have a GeForce video card, apparently AMD cards are having some serious problems unless you use their beta drivers.)"
,Recommended,225540,19409275,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Jav1k,"I see a lot of people seem to be having massive performance problems. I'm one of the lucky people who can run the game without stuttering (FX-8150, GTX 780, constant 60 fps). The game is fun but still has its issues.I'm a huge fan of JC2. JC3 has the ""Casual Syndrome"" that most games suffer from these days. What annoys me most is the godawful handling of vehicles, especially motorcycles (JC2 looks like a hardcore driving sim in comparison) and the removal of sprinting and crouching. There is no way of getting cover in a fight, you cant even dodge roll so the only way to survive is constantly grappling around the area.These are minor issues though and certainly don't matter for many people and as i said, the gameplay itself is loads of fun. What was good in JC2 is good in JC3, the small additions like the upgraded grappling hook add to this and if you enjoyed JC2 you will most likely have fun with this one. I'm sure the performance problems some are experiencing will be fixed soon.I'd recommend this game to you if you like JC2 and aren't scared by the negatives I mentioned but I guess the performance issues would ruin your fun if you had them."
76561198027503594,Recommended,225540,19409438,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MY PROMOTION... IF I HAD ONE!!!,"I'm not going to say everything in this game is perfect... alot of it can be done better, mostly driving controls, and maybe a bit better on the wingsuit as well, but besides that, this game is very incredibly fun. For the time i have played (just 1 play session) i found myself constantly trying to be first on the leaderboards for silly little things like, how far can you graple yourself in one shot? i got something like 140 m, even though the max range is 75ish m. The story is a Just Cause story, just like JC2, a tyrant, need to take back town, get some friends, almost the sameish plot, almost. It still kept me intertained, with Mario and Grandmother. The Explosion are top notch, very well done. If your PC can handle the game and you have a good NVIDIA Card, you should be fine. I have a GTX 960, and only getting a bit of a dip in fps. Even then it's my fault because i havent touched the settings at all.  One of the more fun things to use, is the wingsuit. It takes some getting use to, but you can use it to travel across distances rather fast. (as long as you know what your doing.) It took me a while, and several faceplants into the ground at fast speeds, but you can get use to the wingsuit.So basically, for Vertical travel: Parachutte/Graple (yes i mean up or down, you can easily climb mountians if you know how to parachutte/grapple up it.). For horizontal travel: Wingsuit/Graple.Reasons why you should play (from what i've done so far):+""EXPLOSIONS?!"" -Torge-+ David Tennant as the tyrants radio host.+ Mario!+ Graple hook and tether.+ Rebel Drops+ Leaderboards+ Story if you want to.+The pretty colors of many explosions happening at once.+ Good variety of weapons and cars.Reason why you should stay away?:-If you dont have a good computer-AMD graphics card (until a patch comes out)- A bit of wonky driving and wingsuit controls.- Some dips depending on how many explosions happen at once.- Doesnt have as many vehicles as JC2.But overall, i say it was money well spent, No regrets here."
,Recommended,225540,19409540,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,BlueBanter,"I was worried when I saw all the negative reviews, completely expecting to make use of Steams refund system. So, prepared for the worst, I updated my drivers and to my surprise was not disappointed. The game is ridiculously fun, I was playing in offline mode so my hours aren't logged, but I spent enough time with the game to appreciate how over the top action filled it is. If you enjoyed JC2 you'll love this game. There's enough new mechanics (wing suit!) to make the game play much smoother than it's predecessor. Bottom line, if you love flying around a ginormous map a high speeds while shooting rockets at everything just to see the explosions, then you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,225540,19409543,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,a hobo,"Me: Buy itYou: whyMe: eh, just causeYou: ......You face palm, and then buy the game, blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up and vent your frustration"
76561198198186128,Not Recommended,225540,30501517,Posted: 13 March,all,Xreddy,"It was good, until the update. Now I'm getting a notice every time i fire up the game saying ""low memory"" i have an i5 processor, GTX 960. my comp ran it flawlessly at max settings the first 2 months that I've own the game and theres no reason it should have problems now. Now, the laggy frames force me to turn my setting low and even then it still lags. A good search leads it to being the result of a bug. Until it is fixed, DO NOT BUY IT!!!!!!"
,Recommended,225540,30498341,Posted: 13 March,all,meme.png,This game is plain amazingJust amazing
76561198100399567,Recommended,225540,30502619,Posted: 13 March,all,SeidenCyanide,"As a fan of Just Cause, I'd definitely recommend this game. Nothing beats playing a game that lets you blow stuff up and wreak havoc wherever you go. Although there are some things that really need fixing such as vehicle handling and game optimization.I started ignoring driving challenges due to the crappy vehicle handling. To be honest, I think Bumper cars have better handling than the cars in this game which just makes challenges even more challenging. Eventually, you'll reach the point where you just want to blow up the car and quit the challenge after so many attempts.I play this game using my laptop at low settings (Visuals are still awesome even at low settings). Most of the time the game stutters which I don't encounter with other games I play. Games like GTA 5, Fallout 4 and Arma 3 are running just fine at medium settings between 30-40 frames per second. Not sure if upgrading my RAM from 6GB to 8GB would solve the issue but I think this game just needs better resource management update. I'll be buying a gaming laptop soon, so I guess this won't be an issue anymore. I'm just addressing this concern for those playing the game with similar specifications so that they'll be able to enjoy the game without being forced to spend more for upgrades.Laptop Specifications:i5-4210U @1.70GHz - 2.40GHz6GB RAM @1600MHz DDR3Nvidia GeForce 840M up to 4GB VRAM1TB HDDWindows 8.1 64-bit Operating System"
,Recommended,225540,30492757,Posted: 13 March,all,Kapcsi,Pure fun
,Not Recommended,225540,19500193,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Lpe,"Why did the chicken cross the road?Cause JC3 wasn't finished yetUtterly unplayable on ATI, glitches, lag, 10 FPS, etc."
,Not Recommended,225540,19498656,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,xxDaniel (trading minecraft acc],This game is amazing! Everything has been improved from just cause 2 and I have only crashed 47 times!!!
76561198023011469,Recommended,225540,19499015,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Jimbobski,"So far I have only had one crash to desktop. I have a Radeon R290 and a FX8350 chip. The game is vey playable for me. Other than the one crash, I have not seen or experienced any other problems.Same as Just Cause 2, you get to run around blow stuff up a gazillion different ways.In order to upgrade your gear you have to perform challenges. Challenges such as racing against the clock, causing the most amount a destruction in a certain period of time, and flying through an obstacle course in your wingsuit. The precision needed on some of these challenges with an X-Box 360 controller adds in some difficulty. It will be interesting to see if you can get by without having to max-score each challenge.I have only come across one negative to the game so far. The police/army grunts seem to spawn out of nowhere the same as in GTA 5. Depending on your alert level, you will find yourself surrounded by various types of grunts and equipment in an area you cleared a second or two beforehand. This game is a more forgiving than GTA 5 in this regard. It is survivable and escapable at the higher levels. Stuff doesn't keep spawning in front of you when you are trying to escape. If you find a decent hiding spot, you don't have a GPS tracker shoved up your bum where you always get found like in GTA 5."
76561198007323823,Not Recommended,225540,19500870,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,lsi1969,"BUggy. Keeps freezing. Pity as when it works, the game is a real blast. Wait for patches. DO. NOT. BUY. NOW."
,Recommended,225540,19503041,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,TheseBootsAreMadeFor W A L K I N,Bruh the explosions and flying and explosions 10/10 ign
,Recommended,225540,19503047,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,[EMPIRE] BAGELMENSK,"It's like GTA V if they took out all the tedium and replaced it with grappling hooks, superpowers and explosions."
,Recommended,225540,19503250,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,[DHQL]Agamashi,"I recommend the game for everyone, just wait until the next update :) they are fixing the lag and stutter issue, the game is playable, just if you don't mind small lag at the completion screens and sometimes when going fast! Insanely fun, beautiful runs well (hopefully amazingly soon) :)"
,Recommended,225540,19501874,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Unherolike,10 hours in and I've had only one hard crash around 30 mins into playing decided to do what i normally do when playing a game that hard crashes on me........Shut Shadowplay off for some reason Nvidia Backend seems to crash more games then it should be. I must be one of the only people not having any issues at all with the game.I uh don't know what else to say guys I'm running at 60fps at 2560x1080 on a i7-4790k and a gtx 980 with no issues to report I'd like to say i can't recomend the game but then again I can play it and am having fun so I kinda have to say if it runs for you good if it doesn't get a refund or something cause your SOL for now.
,Recommended,225540,19494667,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,A93ntZ3r0,"DOES NOT SUPPORT NVIDIA SLI or AMD CROSSFIRE ""yet""This is really disappointing, however I managed to run it smoothly by:Disabling VSync ""Recommended""Disabling Motion Blur ""Recommended""Choosing ""Use the advanced 3D image settings"" in NVIDIA Control Panel ""Optional""All other game settings were set to ON/MAXThe game is fun so far, wish the SLI support comes soon.My gaming rig specs:Alienware 18 LaptopI7 4900MQ @2.80Dual NVIDIA GTX 780M32GB Ram"
,Not Recommended,225540,19502422,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ChickenMelon,so much lagg and problems
,Recommended,225540,19485793,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,© Darkness,fantastic
,Recommended,225540,19485814,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,✪ R47,"i7-4790+970 play wellPlaying almost 20hr to learn how to blow up whatever you see.The commander in military base in the helicopter killed by his own soldier's rocket.Rico, the man who can survive from the tank, died for hitting the tree when you were using wingsuit.Teach you how to cross the ocean by only parachute and wingsuit.You cannot hang up the machine gun but it's easy to lift the car .10/10 to I almost destroy everything in the enemy's centre with their own airstrike."
,Not Recommended,225540,19501238,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dj Polyester,I was disapointed when I experienced graphics of the game. Even it lagged so much in lowest settings.Btw I hope multiplayer content will be released soon.
76561198115381272,Not Recommended,225540,19501718,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,DrunkleTed,horrid pc port. frame drops constatly and low average frames. isn't even that visually outstandng so doesn't make sense. poorly optimized.
,Recommended,225540,19501854,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Tesla,"I feel like everytime i play, im in a james bond movie.Why ?Because of the awesome soundtrack and atmosphere !Square Enix \ Avalange Studios, you did it again.Thank you :)"
76561197997186039,Recommended,225540,19495784,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,John Bull,"Good fun, but...As there are lots of negative reviews I thought some info for those tempted to give it a try might be useful.  This is a first look (under an hour), so please bear that in mind.I am running this on an i5-6600K (3.50GHz) with 8Gb RAM and a GTX960 2Gb and it runs ok (not great) on High graphics settings.  The motion blur setting looks great but really slows the game down.Gameplay wise, so far, very similar to the previous two games - which I like a lot.  The explosion effects are impressive and the transitions in and out of vehicles and between scenes is quite polished.  The characters I've met so far are well voice acted and facial expressions are good. The in game tutorial appears more comprehensive from my recollection of the previous games as well.There do seem to be a lot of loading screens and upon completion of a mission the screen animation hangs momentarily.I would recommend this, but probably not a lower spec machine in its current state.  I remember for years having to upgrade your PC to play the latest high spec game and Just Cause 3 seems to fall into that category."
76561198088637737,Recommended,225540,19404686,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Harry Crosby,"I've had the dismay of being one of those affected with AMD problems. I can not at this time give any feed back on how to improve but from reading some recent articles it may turn out the Developers made the game work for AMD but AMD's new crimson driver system is bugging out and is messing up alot of GPU and other things.I've only had the ability to play the first 5 min.....and let me tell you...Those first 5 min ARE THE BEST GAMING EXPERIENCE IVE EVER HAD!Though you may not know it their are many hiddne destructable enviroments in that first 5 minutes.THe winmills can be destroyed and have their blades shear off. Their is a bridge hidden in a canyon which can be blown up and you can watch it fall. All of this is amazing and its only the first 5 min!The game is buggy, but come on guys new realease! Just cause 3 is one of the biggest games ever! You cant expect the game to work for AMD or other users first time! And how can you expect the developers to work the game for you fi AMD  is the one who ♥♥♥♥ed up!? Give this game another week and i think we'll all agree that this is gonna be the best game of the year"
76561198042178580,Recommended,225540,19404718,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Cracker,10/10 would let intro kill my pc again xD
,Recommended,225540,19405001,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Thomas Pynchon,Explosions.
76561197969394071,Recommended,225540,19406881,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,BodyHammer,"**Play the game with an Xbox or Xbox One controller.  Do not even TRY to play with a keyboard and mouse.**Now that that's out the way, this game is GREAT.  Do not come into this game expect a fantabulous story.  Expect to destroy anything and everything in your path and for it to go down GLORIOUSLY in a ball of flames -more than likely flying through the air.  Come into this game expecting to explore literally HUNDREDS of square miles of beautiful scenery and interactive areas.  If you're a fan of open-world games, this is the best you could ask for.  GOOD LORD it's HUGE.8.9/10 for me."
76561198065902211,Recommended,225540,19406892,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Smiling_Orange,Please be aware that the most recent driver update for AMD has cause a lot of issue with the newer games recently. The Fallout 4 radar bug and the lack of far textures in Just Cause 3 are the two I have experienced so far.You will need to roll back to the previous driver by going to the:control panel -> system and security -> system -> device manager -> display adapter -> right click (properties) on your graphics card name -> driver tab -> Roll Back DriverAfter following this procedure Just Cause 3 and Fallout 4 both work just fine with no bugs.I highly recommend this game after the graphical issues were fixed.
,Recommended,225540,19406982,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,AnthonyLxf,"Running prefectly with GTX880M and i7 4710HQ in hightest setting~~~Even It's only have 45FPS, still good enough for me~~~"
,Recommended,225540,19406998,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,RHICTKY,Just Cause 2 was the greatest open world sandbox I have ever played. This is an order of magnitute better. Everything has been improved.
,Recommended,225540,19407028,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,WuTang,"This game is insane! The level of detail Avalanche has managed to pack in is astounding. For everyone having performance issues, understand the requirements better. I am playing this on a laptop with a GTX 960M. At 1366x768 and everything maxed out, the game looks stunning and manages to maintain a high FPS (late 40s - early 50s). At 1080p, the frame rates dip but that's obviously expected.Just Cause 3 is just as fun as Just Cause 2 with better Wingsuit mechanics. The explosions and combat are nearly perfect, barring some rough sensitivity while aiming. The driving physics on the other hand, sucks balls. Really. It's terrible. I can bring a tank to a halt from its top speed in under a second. The map is huge though. And you can just fly over it all day long. One way to avoid driving to get around places."
,Recommended,225540,19407051,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DontShootMeMan,Just Cause 2 + amazing graphics + better controls + random activities
76561198064484633,Recommended,225540,19407139,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Klono,You can slingshot grapple drop kick someone off a cliff while wingslinging. 10/10 would grapple again.
76561197970509326,Recommended,225540,19407157,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,MysterE3,"Pure, unadulterated, chaotic fun. Just started digging in and I'm going to bed way too late because I couldnt put this down.Some tech issues at launch. was getting poorer performance until i updated to latest nvidia driver (driver for this game not out this point). The latest driver helped performance fairly drastically. Also, before updating driver I was having weird bugs where when I changed resolution the game minimized and I couldnt get it to stay open for more than a split second. Also, I launched a few times and no input whatsoever was being recognized. Not sure why display driver would fix menu bug, but I haven't had the problem since updating. Frame rate slowdown is much improved now, although still not perfect.All in all not the smoothest launch ever, but I expect these tech issues to be resolved. Game is lots of fun and I expect it will keep drawing me back to it for years to come just as just cause 2 has done for the past few years."
,Recommended,225540,19407161,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,crystalbepis,"THIS REVIEW WAS MADE BEFORE VARIOUS BUG FIXES, INFORMATION MAY BE OUTDATEDJust Cause 3 - A sort-of reviewWhat didn't suck:+Game intro was like the start of a cheesy 80's action film+First gameplay was like a cheesy 80's action film+Rest of the game was like a cheesy 80's action film+Comedy is like a cheesy 80's action film+Big explosions à la cheesy 80's action filmWhat did kinda suck:-Driving is still a bit meh. Most cars handle like bricks-Neither controller or keyboard controls feeltrulysatisfyingJust Cause 3 = Cheesy 80's Action Film: The Game"
,Recommended,225540,19407270,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Knowel,this game is sooooo fun !!!!!
76561198028905328,Recommended,225540,19473308,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Slazer,"Having played this game for a couple of hours I can say this is an good game which could be amazing IF they fix they technical issues associated with it. At the time of me writing this review,a patch is said to be in the works. Hopefully issues like stuttering and fps drops will be addressed with said patch.Word of advice:Avoid driving.Gliding is much more fun and fluid not to mention faster.Driving in this game is awful.One problem I faced was constant disconnects with the Online Servers. This problem became increasingly annoying during Gliding Missions for earning Gear Mods. This could be a problem on my end but I do not know for certain.Nevertheless I would recommend this game to others for the sheer amount of destruction you can cause along with the ability to do some wacky things with your ""Spider-man"" tethers."
76561198014589924,Not Recommended,225540,19476485,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,King of the N!gger Ponies DK,To much lagg for a normal pc.
76561197996266229,Recommended,225540,19412476,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,boota,"like some others already said: if you liked just cause 2 you'll probably like this one as well.if you want reality you've come to the wrong place, but if you enjoy stupid movie style action this is the best game i have played. it's a perfect game for shutting down the brain and just enjoy a couple of minutes of blowing stuff up.i have had to run the game in 720p on my machine, it runs out of memory on 1080p, (i have an amd phenom II x4 975 @ stock clock speed, 12 GB RAM, geforce GTX970) to me, this is not an issue, though, and if you're a graphics fascist you probably have a better machine anyways."
,Recommended,225540,19413094,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[ˢᵖᶦᶜʸ] Nuclearpigz,"The game is fun, the only problem is the frame rate issue. The developers are looking for the data issue, so you should always send a crash report."
76561198247210040,Recommended,225540,19417448,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,khemilpatel30,"This game is well optimized, I have a gtx 980m and I haven't had any problems with the game."
,Recommended,225540,19417793,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,私を殺します :(,"This game, woooow the best game ive ever played.Action hero simulator 2015"
,Recommended,225540,19417883,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,lukenice34,"There's a good amount of comments complaining about frame rate issues. It appears I was fortunate enough not to experience these issues. I'm running an i7 6700 @ 4ghz and a GTX 970 and 16GB of RAM. I guess it really all depends on your specs to run the game properly. If you think your rig can handle it, I highly recommend it. You can get really creative with the grapple hooks and wingsuit/parachute. It's really fast paced and insanely open world. Once a patch comes out and fixes the issues that other people are complaining about, I really suggest getting it."
76561198165505449,Recommended,225540,19488866,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,DefiantWolf,To be honest I don't really know why this game has so many bad reviews. I've played for 2 hours so far and haven't seen any glitches or bugs. But what I did notice was the amazing graphics along with a lot of cool gameplay. But if it isn't working out for you guys then I'd either get a refund or just wait for some more bug fixes to come out.I'd personally recommend this game very highly. :)
,Recommended,225540,19489256,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,gumby,"BEST game ever 10/10!(i have no idea how to describe this game,... just play then you will no why it's the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,225540,21666852,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ThotPatrol,2lagi4miupdategot a new computer this game is gr8
,Recommended,225540,19494267,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Vagrant|Opiumking,Very fun. Very little problems so far for me. Having a blast blowing s*** up. Am looking forward to patch to fix minor fps drops. Every game should have zipguns and wingsuits! HUGE map
,Recommended,225540,19494324,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,123,GPU: nividia gtx 690cpu: Intel I5 2500kgame runs great for me. tons and tons of fun
,Recommended,225540,19494357,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ClownsForSatan,"Having great fun with this game so far. I played Just Cause 2 a lot, so I know for sure what I want in this game. It's all there and then some. Storyline is what you'd expect if you've played the others. Very fun to wreck stuff and cause havoc. Grappling hook, winguit, parachute, RPGs, what more could you want?Downsides: This game may have the worst driving physics out of any game I have ever played. It is just downright awful. Motorbikes are even worse. Can't zoom in with any weapons except the sniper. The game has crashed for me twice so far, once with lots of explosions happening and once for no reason at all. But only twice. I've heard others are experiencing much more crashes. I am running Intel i5 4690, 8GB DDR3 1600 and an R9 290. No major framerate issues, stays at 60 99% of the time at max settings.Summary: lots of fun, but terrible driving physics. Just a fully upgraded Just Cause 2."
,Not Recommended,225540,19494484,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Wahots,"NOT optimized at all. I'm returning it, its unplayable."
,Recommended,225540,19494556,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,FLuX,"Just Cause 3 is a game not about the story but about the gameplay, and let me tell you it's a lot of fun. I can't stop playing it. Destroying chaos objects is so much fun."
76561198102247229,Recommended,225540,19493170,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Herohandyman,This game runs great on my pc. I have a i5 with 16gigs of ram and a gtx970.  So I guess Im one of the lucky ones.  The game is great. New features. Just as good as just cause 2.
,Recommended,225540,19493176,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Zore,love the game! Do you like mlg explosions flying planes and random wingsuits then buy this game lol
76561198033248440,Recommended,225540,19493283,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Gavin255,"Really enjoying the 3rd one after being a fan of the first 2, but still pretty early into it"
76561198127331315,Recommended,225540,19493395,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,obryan602,"Lots of fun, but not for people who can't make their own fun with the tools available.Also not really for people who don't enjoy repetitive tasks."
,Recommended,225540,19493609,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Kain067,"Runs very smoothly on my mid-high end system after turning Vsync off. The game is a blast - might be one of the biggest game worlds that is not randomly generated, and soaring around (after you've gotten used to the controls and parachute/wingsuit combo moves) is heavenly.Story is not the best, but there are some cool, charismatic characters with solid voice acting. The game definitely feels like a playground. Not really a ""sandbox"", but certainly a fun, exciting, and at most times beautiful playground.Now we need an FOV slider!"
,Recommended,225540,19491511,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,nicholasedblad,"To those of you wondering if this will work on your pc, the card I'm using is a gtx 750 ti 2gig, and an intel i5 4690k with 8 gigs ram. Runs fine for me at about 35 or 40 fps, ( not 60 fps  but very enjoyable) if this game will work for you, get it- its awesome"
76561198047896737,Recommended,225540,19429582,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,arwat23,"Edit: You guys know how we were told to download that update for AMD GPUs... Ya. That ACTUALLY WORKS!!!! The frame rate isnt that great and crossfire/SLI doesn't work, but at least it's playable! Below is my old review...Easily the worst lanch for a game yet. I have a pretty powerful pc, so I wans't expecting the long load times or SUPER bad texture problems. I'm confused by this because they have had people playing the game for months now. How are the textures so messed up? I've tested this on two PC's and I know it's not the hardware. I know they will fix this, but until then, there is no point in buying this game. The game is very close to unplayable with some of the texture proplems right now. Once they fix this, I'm sure it will be a great game."
,Recommended,225540,19489744,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,udon,How to complete the game1. Grapple2. Explosions3. ????4. Profit
76561198013030177,Not Recommended,225540,19489934,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Chuq,Fix it immediately please.
76561197999051926,Recommended,225540,19490050,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,warriordrew,"Ever since 2010 when i would be asked, ""what is your favorite pc game of all time?"" I would reply.....Just Cause 2.Asked that question again after 2015? My response would be.....Just Cause 3.Just Cause 3 makes Grand Theft Auto look like sesame street."
,Not Recommended,225540,19492047,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,why even live?,doesnt run
,Recommended,225540,19492272,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,NeonPsycho,Michael Bay Simulator. that's all I have to say
,Not Recommended,225540,19492302,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Billgee,"Okay, so I want to love this game, I loves Just Cause 2 and I was soooooooooo looking forward to JC3. So I launch the game with the default settings and I lag like hell. Though, I can run so many other games on high. Either the lips didn't sync or the lag was so bad the cutscenes were 2 minutes behind. So I quit and optimized with my GeForce program. I open it again, play for a couple of seconds and tweak settings, then crash. So I open it one more time, get back to where I was the first time and a little farther, jumping out of the copter in the tutorial and failing cuz I didn't realise I had to land it, and crashed. I'm sorry, but I have to give this a thumbs down."
76561198112220357,Recommended,225540,19487707,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Empolian,"This is another amazing game, its very similar to just cause 2 but with better physics! I would definitly recommend."
,Not Recommended,225540,19487867,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Storm,Game looks great and probably works really well... for console players.The second i launched the game i have problems with graphics and crashes.Way to far below good quality.
76561197993234497,Recommended,225540,19487989,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Excessive Headloss,"AMD R9 290X, not a single graphical problem. I do not have the new crimson drivers.This game is worth the $60. Gameplay is exactly what you would expect: open world, tethering cows to enemy helicopters, and launching civilians from lightpoles. Combat is as fun as you make it."
76561197968177150,Recommended,225540,19488346,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Iksy,Runs great if you on the Blue and Green team.  Not so much on the Red team... too bad as the game is riotous fun.... :)
76561198060078031,Not Recommended,225540,19426788,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Big Bose,i have no sound when i play the game >:(
76561198030276560,Recommended,225540,19488763,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Luffy D. Monkey,"this game is so action packed and graphics and it has a wingsuit, multi tether and you can pull things together with the multitethers with gear mods and that sort of stuff"
76561198049405549,Recommended,225540,19484586,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Beppes Cykel och Motor,EXPLOSION!! BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!
76561198080529375,Not Recommended,225540,19484693,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Rusty Va91Na Farts,"I was really looking forward to JC3 but was very dissapointed with all the bugs and crashes that ive been getting, my pc is standard enough to run it with an i5 and a 980x. If you are thinking of buying the game then be prepared to take a leap of faith if you do, even if you do think your computer is good enough for it, expect crashes and huge FPS issues.Overall, dissapointed really :/"
,Recommended,225540,19484828,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,eatsports,It's OK
76561198085120802,Recommended,225540,19484862,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,airlynx99,"AMD card here, XFX Radeon R9 280 3GB, and this game runs ... okay.  First thing I did was turn the graphics down a bit and I average about 40fps when doing nothing, but drops to 20 or so when blowing everything up.  Hopefully they'll fix the AMD thing soon and I'll push my graphics back up afterwards to test it out, but I don't seem to be having the massive problems everyone else is having with AMD cards. I get the occasional crash, occasional stuttering, and the FPS issues as described above.That said, I still give this game 50 out 10 stars.I can't play any other games cuz I just want them to have wingsuit/grappling hook/parachute all the time.  Fallout 4 needs wingsuit/grappling hook/parachute.  Elite Dangerous needs wingsuit/grappling hook/parachute.  Every game needs wingsuit/grappling hook/parachute."
,Not Recommended,225540,19484987,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Gamb.ly //Admin// Warrior,This game looked cool and all but when I launched it it's just lag :( please fix :(
,Recommended,225540,19486884,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,TheMelonMonster,"The most ""Game"" game I have and probably ever will. Until Just Cause 4. Extremely beautiful map flew around in a wingsuit for 14 minutes just taking in the breathtaking views. Really recommend to anyone who likes to have fun without the seriousness of realism, I mean why else would we play games? I know a lot of people had technical issues with the game, I personally did not other than the odd lag spike when blowing up way more♥♥♥♥♥♥than they did it the trailers, put it this way using a trainer to have no reload and infinite ammo with a bavarium rocket launcher isn't the wisest idea. But never the less the game hasn't crashed once even after the explosions. My PC specs are these:GeForce GTX 760 4gbi7-4790 CPU 3.60GHz16GB RAMRunning on Windows 10Go buy it, have a ton of fun! Worth every penny."
76561198079624818,Recommended,225540,19463954,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,enemy spotted,"Before we start, this review is for people who played and enjoyed Just Cause 2. Beware.Just Cause 3. A gem to the series and my personal favorite out of them. Let's first dive into the good.THE GOOD- WINGSUIT. Debatable the best game mechanic I've ever seen- Multiple Grapples. This feature actually brings out the Just Cause! in Just Cause 3 more than anything else. It begs for creativity to use and is a great feature.- Infinite C4. Pretty self-explanatory. Big ba-da-boom.- The map. Just Cause 3 is set in a mediterranean island and is BEAUTIFUL. One of the best settings in a video game I've seen.- Weapon Variation, Something most reviewers haven't mentioned, it's no longer the really basic weapons and they all have their purpose.THE ""EH""- Driving. Motorcycles are a mess, but the other cars are alright. Not really an improvement though.- Rebel Drop. A cool system, but there are timers after you spawn something that limit you. Can be removed however.THE BAD- The story. Just Cause isn't known for a great story, but don't expect an improvement in this game.And that's it!Just Kidding.THE ACTUALLY TERRIBLE- You've heard it everywhere. The optimization. Good Lord it is awful. On a 970 and can't run 30+ at all times. It is really a dissapointment since I ran Mad Max at 60 at all times, and they are running the same engine. I really expected better from Avalanche. Very, very few people are getting good fps, even with the driver update.OVERALL7.3/10If most or all the optimization is fixed,8.7/10"
76561197988891996,Not Recommended,225540,19464137,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Energizers,"ok so here is the thing, im a big fan of just cause, had it since 1, this game is awesome and fun to play, but after all those years i would expect them to think big, the reason is why this is a negative review is that after 30hs, the game ""rewards"" you with sandbox mode, which is really not that fun to play, all what you do in this game is destroy, while it was fun and all i find it lacking RPG elements, there is no money in this game, i will make a pointers to keep this eye friendly.Cons:- cars are useless. just glide your way or use a jet, worse case fast travel.- weapons are limited with useless small hand, and your best friend is an LMG, and a choice between a kick♥♥♥♥♥Rocket launcher or a sniper... ofc you wont pick the sniper.- the military vehicles are just resprayed ver of what the enemy use.- rebels are useless distraction, they cant hold their own and you cant upgrade them, which is silly cause they are the main reason why you are doing this.- grinding for collect items takes 2 much of your time and with all that anti air you cant fly around as you please above enemy bases, - 1 hacked SAM can kill a whole air squad -.- some bases are really easy to take, like really just a fuel tank and 1 battery begging to be captured.- FOW are useless, they are just there for show i captured the one with Bav nuke in the first 5 hours in the game, and it will still hit you till you do the FOW mission. - atleast make it untakeabel till you do the mission? -.- and lastly the online feature spam log in even when its useless and its just for leaderboard.- calling the big plane is really about how lucky are you, because it could face the mauntains and it will explode, - its a really big plane -.Pros:-Awesome graphics.-Mario - enough said -- i didnt have any fps or graphic issues - wont say brand i have thu, but i have a trusty pc --the story is really good and voice acting is nice.- explosions in the game can  be truly distrcutive especially Bav. weapons and they look cool.- the new reeling system is awesome and fun to play around with.- glider is your main transportaion and with enough MOD you will not be bored with it.- really big map and well created.- its really not a bad game just some bad mechanics i wished they were there.Summary:ok i dont wright a negative review because i hate the game, i did it because they could have made it better, a cash system and upgradable rebels would have been nice, caputering settlment is easy but it would been really awesome if the enemy would attack it and try to retake it, and they really need to remove that useless online system, i dont care of a player named sharkey flew higher then me in a parachute, or tommi had the longest head shot, its not a multi-player game, if JC 4 is the same as this, please dont make it, have new ideas, JC 2 was way better then this in gameplay.and that is all, this game is worth it if its on 50% sale, dont buy dlc, not worth it, - but again its ur money do with it as you will -.PS: sry for my bad english."
,Recommended,225540,19464171,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,",-_-.",Very good game maybe u crash a bit but not that much also ive got a sllow pc and still it runs pretty good for that kind of game
,Recommended,225540,19464234,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,♠Rosso65♠,"Played for for a bit. people been talking about alot of problemsi didnt experence to many accept some bugs and graphic glitches. Game was fun, ran alright but the driving is stupid just sayin"
76561198016525362,Recommended,225540,19461807,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Uncle Ricky,"I don't see any problems @ all i have a videocard AMD 77 serie and you need better to run it but i can even play it on medium ? so why is every one complaining about performance really i mean why? i got a solid frame rate of 30/40, for a card that is to low i think i do a pretty dam good job ? and so is the game"
,Not Recommended,225540,19491164,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Astro,"This game is the least fun I have had in all of my time playing. Also, this was the worst display of graphic control ive ever seen. Next time some more resources should be spent on optimizing its ability to run in the first place before spending money porting it to consoles."
,Recommended,225540,19529881,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Bladex,"If you like blowing things up for the sake of blowing things up, this is the game for you"
76561198065816883,Not Recommended,225540,19528416,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,gwakcha,"Even after you get the beta drivers, lower all graphics settings to their lowest, it still crashes more than once an hour.  If you can manage to not crash, the game will eventually slow to a crawl from the memory leak."
76561198029296473,Recommended,225540,19445244,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,The Great Gabby,"It's blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up and nothing more than that. If you think that sounds great, you're going to love it. If you don't, you  probabaly won't. And turn off v-sync. At release it seems to be bugged, I was getting 35-60 fps with lots of stuttering on my 970, now I get 70-90 and it's really smooth, but there is screen tearing. Overall, an extremely fun game, but that's all it is."
76561198032487428,Not Recommended,225540,19530629,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,acroap,"I loved Panau more.  Medici is beautiful, don't get me wrong, but Panau felt more intriguing and mysterious."
,Recommended,225540,19529320,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Theeda,"Love this game! It's not perfect and a patch is forthcoming to resolve some bugs, however this is one of those few games with a true sandbox element.As stated above, it's not perfect, but where this game earns a thumbs up is how much fun I'm having. The storly line is ""ok"" and the missions are better than average, but there are so many ways to break things and destroy things. There's also that silly element to JC3, just like in JC2. Attack heli and gun jeep on your tail? Grapplehook them together and watch chaos ensue when you hit the retract button. Wingsuit? 'nuff said.JC3 is similar to GTA 5 with many more explosions. And with support for the modding community, I can't wait to see the multiplayer!"
,Recommended,225540,19517608,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,generalpie,Holy jesus christ ♥♥♥♥ these challanges
,Recommended,225540,19517721,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,GrimSword513,"Can't believe I missed out on the first two games. This game is ridiculously fun and gdamn gorgeous in QHD. Funny though, runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥with SLI enabled, great disabled. Might want to try that, sounds like this game won't be getting SLI support soon."
,Recommended,225540,19516855,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Zazu,"The game is great tremendous fun, new wingsuit is brilliant, and the multiple grappling wires and perfect for all sorts of sandboxy dickery.  Plays like you're a cross between Spiderman, James Bond, and Rambo.  The team spent an extraordinary amount of time on making the explosions look fantastic, indicating they're quite aware of why people play these games, and what makes them fun.  This is a good thing.Sounds like ATI users are having some problems (and hopefully that gets fixed with a patch or ATI driver update at some point), but let me assure you if you have an Nvidia card you're good to go.  The game plays wonderfully with my setup (Nvidia 970 GTX, i5-2500k, 16 GB RAM, Windows 10)."
76561198009352814,Recommended,225540,19516871,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,brainz,"This game might have technical problems for some, but it's amazingly fun. Runs 80+ fps @ 1080p with settings maxed on my system with a GTX970."
76561198103936942,Recommended,225540,19515274,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,harrison.noll,"People are saying its going to get old and that its going to not last long, but let me tell you, just cause 3 has an amazing physics engine and ENORMOUS potential for modding. After just a few gear mods on the grapple hook you can fling people literal miles away. After completing the ""story"" (or at least thats what they call it) which took me about 10-13 hours (i kind of lost track) half of which was just dicking around, I have just gone around liberating everything and getting as many gear mods as possible. The progression is great and asthetically this game is awesome. The downsides are that if you want to run it with 60 fps at 1080p with no visual bugs you might want to get a beast of a computer, considering my computer has msi gtx970 and i7 4790k. There are a near infinite number of things you can do with trains also, and actually liberating everything, finding all of the collectables and getting all of the gear mods will take a LONG time. VIVE LA REVOLUTION!"
,Recommended,225540,19515454,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,AKWaterman (Medic) GER,"SIMPLY A FANTASTIC GAME. THE BEST GAME AT THE MOMENT, IVE EVER PLAYED ;-) DONT MISS IT. THIS GAME IS A MUST HAVE !!!P.S.: Sometimes there are Outtakes (not synchron, Audio and Movie) in the Cutscenes."
,Not Recommended,225540,19503515,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,RainWriter,"Horrid game mechanics. Asked for a refund, and thankfully Steam listened."
76561198055112038,Not Recommended,225540,19535109,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Jürgen Habermas,"The game simply wont launch. I have tried everythin from reinstalling to running it with different graphiccards. Nothing. I wasted alot of money one this, thank god for steam refund..."
76561197980270690,Recommended,225540,19474160,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lalleballe,FOV is terrible at times. Otherwise its pretty freaking awesome
76561198042516484,Recommended,225540,19474490,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,renner96,"Basically Just Cause 2 with better graphics, more explosions and a wingsuit (and a ton of other stuff).It runs fine (medium to low settings) on the GTX 570 (which is actually worse than the minimum requirement).Concerning the crashes: It did crash once (with the infinite loop error). This was fixed by turning on ""screen space reflections"" in the graphics settings menu."
,Not Recommended,225540,19474787,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Exxem,"Take everything you know and love about JC2....And throw it out the window. The horrible under-steer of the vehicles to the non-responding grappling hook, this game needs some serious fixing before its worth even half of the asking price. Tearing and no smooth edges is a huge eye-sore and is hopefully fixed in a future patch for AMD.Because I loved JC2 so much, I per-ordered this game. Big mistake, and now I'm requesting a refund."
,Not Recommended,225540,19463763,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Hilgy,Wait until it's patched.
,Recommended,225540,19463867,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Great Preecho,"Stuttering aside, this game is literally a Michael Bay movie. Explosions. Boom."
,Recommended,225540,19466752,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,=ANUBIS=Ikoris,Im loving Just Cause 3 so far but I have to say on launch day I had alot of performance issues but now it is not lagging at all Ive had 2 crashes so far not bad. Gameplay is awsome it has greatly improved. Graphics are beutifull.Over all i will say 9 out off 10.Graphics Card: Nividia MSI 970
,Not Recommended,225540,19466933,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Chris,Stay away until the bugs are ironed out.
76561198076565370,Recommended,225540,19467033,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,HKK-DANIEL,Just Cause 3 was a blast for me. And here are some pros and cons for the game.Pros1. Its much better than JC22. Very impressive graphics3. Alot of destruction(i like that)And some consCons1. Handling with ground vehicles isnt very good.2. Still has the Just cause 2 barren feeling.3. Handling with the grappling hook wasnt very good as well.
76561198086285769,Not Recommended,225540,19467012,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Rokket,"*SIGHS*so ive decided to write a review for this game.it is a good game, probally one of the best ones in my library, i enjoy this game more than both my fallout games, but it's just not optimized. i have well over the specs needed to run this game and my framerate drops do lower than 15 frames... and i have a960 and a fx something.untill this game gets some kind of optimization its a no for me."
,Recommended,225540,19467081,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Flaccid Snake,"It takes about 23 hours to blow everything up, problem is that there's not much to do afterwards"
,Not Recommended,225540,19467098,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Supernintendoh,First thing firstThe game does have many issues with Performance. I have seen even more issues with the AMD video cards.I have fixed mine as a temporary fix.Go Offline on SteamThe always online tracks your STATS and compares with others that play the game. Causes performance issues since its always updating. Disabling it by going offline improves and stops Stuttering and FPS drops.Review : Now that my game is fixed. The game is awesome. Very fun and explosions are huge.I love destruction and ChaosI loved Just Cause 2 and it still holds well for a old game.Pro's :Looks great and runs great ( with STEAM offline until they fix that always online B.SGood GraphicsPlayground Destruction and ChaosExplosionsDriving is much better than Just Cause 2 ( But who drives when you can fly )Load time's are fair and sometimes fast.Upgrades and weapons GaloreHuge MapLot's of Mini Games and pointless side quest ( still fun )Sling Shot Cows and Goats and people :)Blow up Bridges ( Finally )Cons :Mini games kind of suck sometimes and hard to get perfect times to get Gears for upgrades.Story is so bad that well its good but I know you are not really here for the Story.Always online Stat TrackerIssues with AMD video cards.Running and Aiming seems to be missing in the game ( ? )I cannot really recommend the game due to a lot of issues and not everyone may get it running like I did ( Not gurantee but worth a shot if you bought or about to buy )Happy Gaming.
76561198047954154,Recommended,225540,19467151,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,just1fix2004,great game having lots of fun
76561197980568185,Recommended,225540,19467163,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Akary,Been enjoying it so far. so much BS potential. Like last night i was playing with the grapple hoow flinging cars with it goofing off. well long story short i flung one of the cars back at my self it blew up throwing me off the roof. I have to say though graphics is stunning. This game far excedes Just Cause 2. There is but one flaw I don't know if its just me but 9/10 rebel droping a helicopter usually blows up flips upside down or is caught on somthing invisible and flips on takeoff. But its still enjoyable. If you like the sequal you will like this one.
76561198151725823,Not Recommended,225540,19464825,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,dadsabadass,THIS IS A GREAT GAME ONLY IF I COULD ACTUALLY CONTROL MY GUY AND SEE THE ♥♥♥♥ING WATER. THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE! It lags so much and I have a GTX 770. I payed $60 for♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,225540,19428228,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,IcedVenom,"Positive Review: Great game guys! I have an Nvidea and it runs amazing at 60+ fps at 1080p! No issues at all so great job!Negative Review: The game runs at 2-10 fps when I can play Fallout 4 at max settings and get 60+. Fix your game Avalanche so the AMD users can play your currently horribly optimized game.Current ratings: 63% positive, 37% negativePredicted new ratings after fix: 98% positive, 2% negative"
76561198054281204,Not Recommended,225540,19732390,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,welorak,poor performance and lag/sync issues. May be better once it is patched. Community work arounds may or may not work.
76561198217307573,Recommended,225540,19742083,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,KnightyKnight,"This is one of the best games i've Ever played, and it's sneaking up to being The best game i've ever played.  It looks pretty, and the mechanics are just absolutely fantastic, and the characters are fun andpretty humorous.  The mission/progression system makes sense and is engaging becuase it is a lot of fun trying to capture the military bases and liberating cities.  The chaos is GLORIOUS. I'm playing on all High settings, and the havn't had any lags, long load screens, or bugs yet. I'm playing on a laptop with a SSD, Nvidia gtx 970m, and 4720HQ processor. Seems to run flawlessly.10 out of frickin' 10 so far. Now the best game i had played in 2015 so far was Witcher 3, which was also a definite 10/10 but this...this has already crossed it in terms of fun. Definitely GOTY in my opinion but too bad it won't get that title due to apparent bad load times/bugs that some people seem to be experiencing."
76561198168916068,Not Recommended,225540,19516240,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Tetra Inforcer,"i would say its good, but i had to sit for 76 min of loading first level, and it still did not work!!! :(     i know it just came out, so i hope they can fix it very soon."
,Not Recommended,225540,19422995,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Weed Fighter,"Fix now pls,i'm sure if i can run Fallout 4 at near max. I should be able to run this on at least low. But no it's crash after crash and so many frame drops. So sad, I was so hyped for this game.*I love the patch that did absolutely nothing after 2 weeks after launch,  this review will never be positive even ""if"" you fix it, congrats on the bad game*"
76561198033980480,Recommended,225540,19735504,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Eudas,"I'm generally content with picking up games on sale a year or two after release but after seeing some of the ridiculousness, the hype got to me and I grabbed this a few days ago. I have not been disappointed. I had picked up JC and JC2 on sale but I had never really got around to playing them, so I'm coming into the franchise with JC3. This game is fantastic, over the top absurd and incredibly gratifying. The travel, movement and combat are perfectly fluid, it really feels like you're controlling an action movie. If GTA and Saints Row were combined, I think this would be the result.Seriously, this game is pretty much instant gratification on all levels. It's challenging, yet I don't find myself having to grind missions and challenges over and over ad nauseam...At 13 hours, I've still only liberated a handful of areas on the initial island and I still have many challenges to complete in those liberated areas.I've been fortunate to only incounter a couple of bugs: one hard crash and after an hour or two of play, some flickering of lights. Otherwise this has been an incredibly smooth experience and I am very satisfied.I'm running the i7-3930k, 32GB RAM and a GTX 970."
,Recommended,225540,19737640,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Icy Fusion,"This game is AWESOME!!! Got it 2 weeks ago and I have 73 hours played on it. I still probably could have played more but i have finals. If you're thinking about, get it. It is my favorite game so far."
,Recommended,225540,19737674,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,The GORLOX,Amazing game! Had to buy a new graphics card just to run it though.tip: make sure you have the specs before you buy this game
76561197970393768,Recommended,225540,19514532,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,DragonRR,"Absolutely love the game.Very few glitches of any kind with the latest Nvidia drivers, zero crashes in the last 5hrs of gameplay. Map size is staggering, driving physics are very arcade but fine. On full detail the graphics are not quite up to the level of the Witcher but the scope is much larger so you can see much, much further away. The physics are fantastic. I've seen a few comments about how the controls are difficult on the keyboard. This is slightly true. Getting full ""gears"" on challenges is harder with the flying challenges on keyboard but then using the mouse for aiming, grappling etc.. is easy than using the joypad. I tend to use mouse and keyboard nearly all the time.As a jaded ""older"" game I get bored with a lot of games after a couple of hours and almost never particularily look forward to the next game. This is not the case with Just Cause 3.If you like action centered style games that involve a lot of destruction then you will love this, it is just a fun game."
76561198086909431,Recommended,225540,19656521,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,nobodyspecial,bad♥♥♥♥♥simulater
,Not Recommended,225540,19643389,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,clingbeetle,"This game is awesome, one of the best action games ever! Too bad it runs like a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was really excited for this game and when it ran like obese goat with tetanus I thought ""Oh I'll give it time, the developers will fix it soon enough, almost 40% of their fan base has this problem."" It's almost been two weeks and no fix, this is absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous and unacceptable. Seriously ♥♥♥♥ this game, avalanche and square enix ♥♥♥♥ed up, and don't even get me started on the annoying♥♥♥♥♥leaderboards that pop up in my face and lag me to balls every time I look at a deer a certain way or pick more flowers than my friends."
76561198150888348,Recommended,225540,19643583,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,codydozer,"Fanastic game! Great graphics and everything. So much to do in this giant world of explosive dreams. 8/10. -2 being it tends to crash sometimes when i'm in the middle of something amazing.. otherwise, it is amazing."
76561198085287212,Recommended,225540,19649960,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,DELTA FORCE,The game where bollywood movies and Michael Bay meet
,Recommended,225540,19650106,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,shrap,It is a great game. The pure ridiculousness of what you can do in the Just Cause sandbox is the draw. I loved Just Cause 2 and this was a great addition. Physics are great for the things you can destroy.I did run into the ATI bug at the beginning but updating the driver fixed my issue. Looking at other reviews it seems that having 16G of RAM may have helped my experience in this game.
,Not Recommended,225540,19654368,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Exarphcomanantabitom,"Seems like all I do is write negative reviews. I don't write positive reviews as I'd be occupied and happy.This game is sh*t. The end.Graphics look god awful compared to console version. Looks like how you'd imagine a fly would see the world. I was kinda happy with it yesterday until now, everytime I start the game, exactly five minutes in and the game crashes and exits. Awesome. Clap your hands and raise your thumbs to frustration. Crash report reads ''No errors found'' are you sure? I think that needs a second look.Feel like Avalanche has dropped an Avalanche of sh*t on gamers."
76561198153469238,Recommended,225540,19654896,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Clueless Captain,"Brilliant game, stunning map, a just pure fun. I have an NVIDIA GTX 760, and although the game optimisation provided by GeForce Experience is appocoliptically bad, it's still a joy to play. I seriously recomend it to anyone with the hardware!"
76561198095825764,Recommended,225540,19655314,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Iceaganctor,awesome game if you have a nivida gpu
,Recommended,225540,19655378,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SmileyBoy,"Graphics are nice, no performence issues with beta-drivers (I've got R9 280x). Wingsuit is really fun and feels very smooth. Explosions are nice and satisfying.Grapplinghook, winggsuit, parachute and lots of explosions. 10/10"
76561198117321034,Recommended,225540,19643943,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,oh,amazing game
,Recommended,225540,19644242,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,malamute5,"Luckily for me I have had no problems with performance or glitches. So much fun to be had in this massive ""playground"". So far it has been worth every cent."
,Recommended,225540,19680374,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,CaptXan,"Need a good computer to run, but its a really fun game. Some bugs here and there, but its tolerable."
76561198006650092,Recommended,225540,19452808,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Randy Lahey,As usual with pc games the vast majority do not realise a game requires their hardware to meet a certain level of performance for a game to run properly...i really cant believe so many poeple dont know this....with that said Just Cause 3is a well made game it has no optimization problems whatsoever just heavy system requirements which i for one embrace....my system stayed locked at 60fps over 90% of my 1 hour playthrough i just wanted to try the game and i liked it btw just to pricey atmmy pc has a i5 4690k 8gb ram and 2x gtx 970 and the game is loaded onto an ssd and it tears this game to piecesBTW be sure to update to latest driver....For me at the time of writting is 359.06 and it made a huge difference updating from 355.xxSo long story short the ones claiming this game to be a broken peice of junk rip off are just ignorant and stupid
,Recommended,225540,19454571,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,∞SundaeBF∞,"Nice storyline, good and detailed graphics. Run smoothly with Nvidia GTX 960 in ultra setting. A very good open world game to play at all"
,Recommended,225540,19454671,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Teloc Vovim,"Game is really fun, and can spend hours messing around. only a few bug problems which are annoying but no reason for a negative review"
,Recommended,225540,19459574,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,RandomRage,Runs perfectly ... i don't seem to have to mention that i have an Nvidia Card :)12/9 - stuff explodes
76561197970864953,Recommended,225540,19437979,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Snake,"If you are a fan of the Just Cause series you won't be disappointed with this one (unless you are running into technical issues with it -  which I'm not, thank god)Pros:-Great graphics-Unbelievable drawing distance, with little or no pop-ins of buildings, etc.-Great action (as mentioned by several other people in their reviews, it almost feels like Michael Bay was involved in its making)-Runs great on my rig (see my specs below) at 1080p (not with Ultra graphical settings, had to tone down some things like FSAA but it still looks amazing)Cons:-Square Enix login at the beginning of a session is annoying as s***-Weird keyboard mapping in some instances (CTRL to exit the Graphics options menu??? Come on!!!)-Long load times (I knew I should have installed it on my SSD instead of my regular hard drive!)My Specs:-i5 4460 @3.2 GHz-12 Gb RAM-EVGA GTX960 2Gb FTW edition w/driver 359.06 (soon to be replaced by an EVGA GTX970 - thank you Santa!)-Sandisk Ultra II 256Gb SSD-WD Black 7200RPM Hard Drive-Windows 10Edit: Got a crash to desktop for the 1st time today after 2 hours of gameplay, gladly sent crash report to Square Enix when prompted to do so - hopefully these can help them fix it for others that are unable to run the game"
76561198070977077,Recommended,225540,19442626,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Seacorn,I know the game is having issues for some but runs great for me after I tweeked a few things (seriously look up some fixes before ♥♥♥♥♥ing game does not run) Such fun and sooo many explosions!
,Not Recommended,225540,19442646,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,CP | Sweetie Bot,"At launch, I cannot recommend this game to anybody due to how little fps I got during the action scenes and the characters not having voices! On my Logitech Z506 5.1 System. I cannot hear the words the characters are saying but are obiously talking judging from the facial movements and subtitles.Hopefully in a few months Square Enix will fix the sound issue but right now, I'm going to get a refund!"
76561198024261449,Not Recommended,225540,19586235,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,mrkomrako,"My rating 3,5/10.Game is rushed, suffers with serious frame drops.. textures never fully load.Game suffers with constant crashes, bugs and OH MY GOD the loading, its always loading something....It is absolutely not worth the asking price...Game needs serious work done. But the funny thing is they are allready working on dlc... amazing ...Take my advice buy Just Cause 2... play that its much more fun ...I am seriously dissapointed by this cause I love the JC franchise... this might have killed it for me personally ..."
,Recommended,225540,19586288,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,christos2209 pvpro.com,Can someone PLEASE tell me WHY JUST CAUSE 3 CRASHES ON THE 3RD LOADING SCREEN EEVVEERRYY TIME I GO ON IT! DO I NEED TO SIGN UP ON A WEBSITE OR SOMETHING
76561198072528481,Recommended,225540,19578884,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Roadman ting,Need's some work but overall is a very very very fun game!
,Not Recommended,225540,19560725,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,cheezy,Oracle walks better than this
,Not Recommended,225540,19593389,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,SwagDead™,i got given the game by KennyS and When i go to launch it it crashes!!!
76561198095821377,Recommended,225540,19569669,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ed.corrigan,"Fun but lacks any real interest in terms of progression. Reminds me of a Michael Bay movie, shallow beautiful nonsence(particuarly on a titan x) but fun for a few hours. Wait until it's discounted!"
76561198103285168,Recommended,225540,19500578,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Nacho,ISIS simulator 2015
,Recommended,225540,19487810,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,coolm5224,Awesome game! It is amazing! BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,225540,19423909,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sh'Dynasty Donger,"I cannot get this game to even run past the introductory Avalanche screen. Absolutely ridiculous for a game launch. I wouldn't reccomend this to anyone until the game is patched.Edit; A week after launch. Can get it to play for about 30 minutes, then it just crashes repeatedly. Still ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,225540,19559349,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Boomer,If the controls weren't absolute CANCER then it would be an alright game.
,Not Recommended,225540,19413880,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SteveBruleMD,"While the game is fun the fact that I'm running an i7 6700k with 16GB RAM and a 980ti, yet I still see frame drops during action is not OK. The handling of cars is way too sluggish, the AI is terminator good. I can be up on a ledge far from an enemy yet a gunboat can still triangulate my position and wipe me out. You can also be hiding behind a bunch of crap and an entire group of people will converge on you and just wipe you out. Take for example the save a hostage little side missions that pop up. I had absolutely nobody on my tail anywhere no heat and I went way up to the top of a mountain with a rebel hostage and hid out and all of a sudden 3 to 4 cars show up and blow my jeep up with the hostage in it. I really question whether or not anyone at Avalanche has even played this game.I consider myself a pretty decent player, but I have thought about trying to bring the difficulty down, but that's not even an option. The grappling hook distance has been cut down by at least 25% from the last game, there is no mini map anymore, no health bar indicator. At first it's a whole lot of fun and then by about 20 hours it starts just getting annoying having to deal with such awful controls. I was under the assumption that they had hired some racing games to help get the driving controls better, but it doesn't show it.And finally the whole gear system. They force you to do mundane challenges like racing, or flying through hoops over and over and over again, so you can get gears which you use to upgrade yourself. Doing this locks away a ton of cool gadgets that really help you along the way.tl:dr: Wait for a patch or two to see if things change until then save your money. In fact you're probably better of just lighting 60 bucks on fire."
,Recommended,225540,19539091,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,D_Man676,"I've only had one crash, so far. Despite that, it's loads of fun to run around (and fly, with the new wing suit, which works GORGEOUSLY) going from base to base and blow it to smithereens."
76561198070982651,Not Recommended,225540,19539904,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dreydin,"Runs like garbage on my system. I turned everything down, or right off. I even lowered my resolution from 1920X1080 to 1280X720. I am in administrators mode, with steam offline and overlay disabled. I am running the newest beta driver. Implementing all these things has improved it. I can now make it past the opening plane scene....only to have it be a stuttering slideshow until it crashes. I would love to make this work. If its anything like JC2, it will be amazing.I know there is lots of configurations possible, making testing harder. But I am not buying it. The problems are too wide spread for any kind of testing not to show issues. And even consoles are having problems. Which is a dedicated piece of hardware. I can't believe how sloppy these companies are getting.I have a i5 2500K, 8 gb ram, and a r9 270xWindows 7"
76561198098750615,Recommended,225540,19528986,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Sirus,Despite the horrible optimization the gameplay is fun. If you have a beefy PC i would definetly buy the game. I have a GTX 760 and i run it at 30fps (I put this here because steam reccomended specs are incorrect apparently)
,Recommended,225540,19533104,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Yee!,Good game but somewhat poorly optimized.
,Recommended,225540,19533345,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,linx,awesome
,Recommended,225540,19533448,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Kalakurki2,I think Just Cause 3 is the best game at the moment at least for me. Why should you buy Just Cause 3? Because it has all that exploding fun and the story is good but something is kinda missing from it.
,Recommended,225540,19518368,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,They call me Jesus,"I'm an idiot and deleted the files to the saved weapons, but otherwise great game."
76561198057082578,Recommended,225540,19533840,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TheNibba-Nator,"My PC rig is as follows: GTX 970, AMD FX 6300, 8 GB RAM, and a 1TB HD.With that being said, I have noticed some performance issues. The game dropped to 20 FPS when there was a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥going on around me, however bumping the graphics down to very high as opposed to ultra, and turning off the bokeh filter solved all performance issues.This game absolutely oozes character. Rico is no longer a stale, boring hunk of a man, with a terrible voice actor. But rather, he is a funny, bearded badass, with actual good voice acting. His best friend Mario is absolutely hilarious, this game has made me laugh from the lines and dialouges almost as much as I laughed at Borderlands 2.The visuals are incredible, the gunplay could definitely use some work, but its better than Just cause 2's.I whole heartedly recommend this game! Issues aside this game is a 10/10!"
76561198007336309,Recommended,225540,19535693,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ShadesOfPlay,"JC3 is one of the best action games I have ever played. JC3 is repetitive and the story is very weak, but the gameplay really promotes chaos which is what makes JC3 a blast to play.MOST negative reviews are due to the AMD issues and not becuase the game is bad. I know some people are having issues running the game, but this has not been my experience. Game runs like a charm at max settings on my comp.i7-2600k16 gb RamGeforce GTX 970Just Cause 3 - 8/10"
76561198052699872,Recommended,225540,19570993,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,The Happiest Christmas Tree,Fun yes rather fun me thinks
,Recommended,225540,19571027,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,_FaZe_KaRp_,amazing game but not optimized but you get amazing moments of being a bad♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,225540,19571561,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Em0ting0fficer,I have an amd processor plus amd graphic card and it running fine. I guess i just have luck. :p
76561198012283523,Recommended,225540,19569371,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,markisname,The game is good but their is a lot of small grapgic bugs so we need some patches but the game is playable its not as bad as some games when they come out. defo worth buying
,Recommended,225540,19668142,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,space pope double reptilian,"great game, lots of action and things to do. If you liked JC2 you'll like the 3rd"
76561198010134260,Recommended,225540,19673929,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Dora the fedora,"its like a wet dream come true, for a kid with ADD"
,Not Recommended,225540,19660924,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Kuma,"90-120 fps when I first launch it, around 60 fps after half an hour, unplayable after an hour and I have to restart my PC to make it run well again. It's been 11 days since launch and they haven't patched a single issue. The game is quite good, but the memory leak - or whatever this is - is way too annoying to give this a positive score.My specs are:i5 2550k @ 4,3GhzGTX 680 @ 1,25 Ghz / 2GB GDDR58 GB DDR3 RAMJust to be clear: Changing my graphics settings doesn't help at all. It makes next to no difference whether I have everything on the lowest settings or on the highest settings, because the game will be unplayable after about the same amount of time. I think more RAM would help with the problem, but it's not something that would be necessary if they had tested the game properly before releasing it."
,Recommended,225540,19512248,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SIVART TTOCS,"EXPLOSIONS GOING SKY HIGH, my frames doing the opposite :("
76561198002075743,Not Recommended,225540,19688709,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,George3χ,"It need be more ""polished"", huge fps drop.. i'm actually using the same recommended specs... awfuli7 37708gb ramr9 290....another arkham knight... gotta wait for patch..."
76561198174839274,Recommended,225540,19688067,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Jakey,This game is simply pure amazing. So many new things and a lot more beautiful.
,Recommended,225540,19683324,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,the spengineer,"Just a warning, act 3 mission 1 appears to be impossible due to your jet being much slower than enemy jets, and they will fly way ahead and kill your protection target with no way to stop them."
76561198050865043,Not Recommended,225540,19639667,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,issssk,"Could use some more fine tuning...for example, running and hiding from troops chasing you is unbelievably hard. If you ever have a 5 star alarm, you may as well just stand and die. Weapons could be better too (different zoom levels for sniper rifle please, tank turrets move reeeeeeally slow, weapo1 slot 1 is useless while slot 3 shares several very important guns etc.).Still somewhat nice game...if you played Just Cause 2 you know what to expect."
76561198020577145,Recommended,225540,19683604,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,MattMauler,"Wicked fun.  Good all around shoot them up game.  Now Just Cause 3, I can get into."
76561198050305404,Recommended,225540,19493630,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,-KS- Garrus Vakarian,"Absoluetly amazing game 9999\10 it's a totaly worth it predessesor to just cause 2, but the one problem is currently a bug that makes it incapadable with AMD display drivers"
76561198038472200,Not Recommended,225540,19493725,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,mdurham88,fps drops make it unplayable...
,Recommended,225540,19478626,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,10100111001 @ 1yr csgo break,"Fully recommend this awesome new game in the Just Cause series!I LOVE JC3! It is just so much fun, even more than in JC2. And I really like the setting, with the Italian touch. Only the accent of the people gets a little annoying after a while, but that is just to have it authentic so nothing to blame the developers here.+ Stunning mediterranean setting+ Amazing graphics+ Absolute freedom+ Wingsuit+ Good fight controls+ TONS of different vehicels+ Thrilling storyline+ Online leaderboards+ Huge ""skill tree"" (Gears) that can be unlocked by finishing challengesSome minor drawbackes for me:- When first launching the game, it crashed 3 times before I could finish the introduction mission, but after that it never crashed again- The driving of vehicels like cars, motorbikes or boats is indeed very ♥♥♥♥♥♥, like other players alreay mentioned. But I prefer to travel by parachute and grappling hook anyways so I don't care too much about this. And maybe there will be a fix or even a mod for this soon, so keep cool guys.(- Annoying accents)"
,Not Recommended,225540,19478931,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Craig,"Field of View is way too small and not adjustable. Nauseating. Got my refund from Steam. Played some Just Cause 2 zoomed out to an appropriate FOV. Besides the graphics, Just Cause 2 is still a superior game today."
,Recommended,225540,19486946,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,0V3RKILL,"the game is badass. I had problems with textures at first but the new amd beta driver 15.11.1 solved the problem. Now I am having a blast in there. Destroying everything I see, just cause..."
,Not Recommended,225540,19487066,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Kurp ♥,Performance issues. Constant crashing. Online features disrupting a single-player game. I do not recommend anyone to buy this before they properly fix it.
76561198053526472,Recommended,225540,19487286,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Prolar,As an AMD user at first when I started this game up and saw all the terrible graphics gliches I was a bit upset. After a little work on installing a beta driver the game runs beautifully and I haven't had as much fun playing a game in a while. This is like playing GTA with all the cheats and the ironman mod. That being said the game is still a bit reprtitive and the story is same old same old but really this is what makes Just Cause games fun. Blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up and goofing around with physics.8.5/10
76561198070224965,Recommended,225540,19486287,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Vebjørn,1
76561198170950987,Recommended,225540,19486398,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,HACKEDBYPOODLECORP,Best Game ever even better than jc 2
,Recommended,225540,19450908,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Max,"As long as my CPU doesn't melt, it's a very fun game."
76561198144218930,Recommended,225540,19451028,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,NightHawk,"This game is insane im surprised i can get a 60 fps cap with my 870M Nivida card and intel core i7-4700HQ, If you're a laptop gamer and you have over and 870M card and my specs you can run this game very well. Over all this has to be the best game Avalanche Studios has come out with. I highly suggest this game if you like Gta or any other open world games that are exteremly fun to play. This game had no bugs for me got it on the first day ran awesome. All i have to say is 10/10 keep up the good work !. Also, my performance was when i was overclocking. I have 16 Gbs of ram etc. This game should be awesome for pc users."
76562198009681869,Recommended,225540,19454051,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,βõä ҢẫŊ€םςҜ,Cool!
76561198031245927,Recommended,225540,19454507,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Meekro,"Upsides:- Huge, beautiful open world to explore!- The wingsuit/parachute combo provides one of the most unique and exciting ways to move around in a video game!- Grappling hook with multiple tethers allow for crazy interaction with the world!- Tons of epic explosions!- Hilarious, tongue-in-cheek story provides a reason for blowing stuff up, not that Rico needed one!Downsides:- Extremely demanding system requirements. If you don't meet them, you'll have slow framerates and stuttering.- You absolutely need an SSD. Otherwise, the loading times will suck.This is easily my favorite game of the year, but I ONLY recommend it if your gaming rig kicks♥♥♥♥♥ If you have an SSD, a good i5 or i7 CPU, and a GTX 780 or better, then buy this! If not, upgrade your rig first!"
,Recommended,225540,19447777,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Rob_Perlman,"I'm waiting for patches to come out to see if there is a bit more optimization for machines that aren't current hardware. I'm on i7 3770k, GTX 970 FTW, 24GB memory.Not a fan of the long loading screens + inability to skip some of the screens. Hopefully this will also be addressed in future patches. Total time that steam showed me as playing was 17 minutes, most of that was watching Rico on the beach .. lol.This is the only game I've asked for a refund on, not because I don't want to buy / play it, only because I want to see if it gets more stabilized with patches. It's mainly to be a gift for my son and I don't want to give him something that he is suddenly unable to play / enjoy because of technical difficulties."
,Recommended,225540,19447781,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Zeus is Thirsty,"Everyone is complaining about performance issues, but I've come accross nothing of the sort. Fun game, solid contols, huge amount of possibilities. If you're sceptical, I'd recommend buying it, downloading it, and giving it a shot. If you have performance issues, Steam has a great feature called ""refunds"". Get your refund, and wait until the issues have been resolved. If not, have fun, it's a solid release."
76561198029533901,Recommended,225540,19447971,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,EVOLiTiLE,"So far is a lot of fun. I love open world games. Where i can feel free to roam and do what i want, rather than just sticking to the story. With the flight (wingsuit) mechanic, along with parachute control, this make navigating this vast open world insanely fun. So far it's not boring. The driving is stiff if you are on a keyboard, so I keep a controler next to me when driving a car, boats/helos/etc... are just fine on kb. I am only 14 hrs in, but, so far it's a lot of fun. A must have for any adventure gamer.Cheers"
,Recommended,225540,19448542,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,envilogger,"Some guys here reported that they have issues with performance.Yeah I have some frame drop sometime and hope developers will release patch that fixes it.But the game is absolutely awesome. I played in JC2 a bit and didn't play in JC so might be I'm missing something in story. Gorgeous and super big open world with realistic graphics (sunrise is great) lots of stuff to do here, even just flyung/driving/swimming is super fun. World is alive: people doing something, talking to you and to each other. Story is interesting even that game is not about the story. Explosions: explosions are loud and bautiful, you know it from famous trailer video. Side jobs are fun, challenges are fun and some of them are really hard.So if you have an nvidia card: buy this game. If you have AMD card and it's true that there issues with those cards, wait for patch and buy it."
,Recommended,225540,19448575,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Kiwano Melon,Everything explodes so satisfyingly.
,Recommended,225540,19448587,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,MrJNC,"Its a significantly better Just Cause 2. I have had NONE of the issues that I am hearing about and for reference my specs are;CPU: i5 4690k @4.5ghzRam: 16gb Gskill 2300mhzGPU: 980tiTake that as you will.As for the actual game, it is stupid silly fun. If you've played 2 then you'll love 3 for the same reasons. If you want to waste many an hour doing something that is fun and doesn't take itself too seriously, then try this game."
76561198101666509,Recommended,225540,19449072,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,R4 | Mr. Commissioner,"I recomend this game... If it works. I played through a full hour before I noticed graphical glitches, which were caused by the same model of an old man over and over again. The gameplay, in my opinion, make up for those things, although it should perform better on an i5 and a GTX 970 than it does.It's good, but it would be so much better if they fixed the issues."
,Recommended,225540,19477179,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Jerk Squirrel,Im going to die whilst playing this game.
,Not Recommended,225540,19477235,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,♔BIG FARTS♔,"This game would be my favorite game, and it is indeed an amazing action game, but....IT DOESN'T WORK!I can run it fine on low/medium settings, but the game crashes and bugs out at least 3 times each times i sit down to play.If they could just patch all the bugs and glitches this would be the most amazing game.Also, i dont know who was in charge of car and bike handling, but they should never be allowed to work on a game again.Just play Fallout 4 until they fix their damn game."
76561197987521999,Not Recommended,225540,19477622,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ivor_bign,Steam refund option works well.10/10 would refund again(new Rainbow Six Siege works as intended without asking everyone to install untested BETA driver........ just saying)
76561198091046053,Recommended,225540,19509457,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Finnedmercury91,"I'm a big fan of the franchise so I may be a little bias but I really like it and can't wait for someone to mod in multiplayer. The game was unplayable on my msi r9 280 but as soon as I updated to the latest beta drivers for my OS Windows 10 at""http://support.amd.com/en-us/download""I was able to get 55+ frames per second and was able to really reach some havoc"
,Recommended,225540,19424052,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,The Bool Patrol,"Game works now- all it took was a 980ti. It's a fun game, but still needs some serious optimization"
,Not Recommended,225540,19509719,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Cheesy Wotsit,"Do not buy this game, it is a complete and utter joke. I have two hours logged in this game and have now requested a refund due to this being a total and utter mess.1st we have the online part which is forced hard on the player, yes it's a single player game but this online connection is ram rodded in to the game, great if it works but in the five or six attempts it made to connect to Squares servers (which I assume are powered by asthmatic,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ overweight hamsters I managed to connect a grand total of zero times. Only problem is this online connection is attempted everytime you open the map, everytime you log in, every time you pause the game or to put it another way it tries it every f*cking time you try to push a key. Which would be fine if it did this in the background but it doesn't it freezes the game and then spends a minute trying to connect before bringing up an error message that allows you to select an offline mode. Oh an offline mode, well surely that solves all the connection issues. NOPE even when you select offline it still tries at every chance to go back online. This game, this single player game has one massive hard on for going online to the extent that using the IN GAME offline option doesn't even stop it.The only way I found to stop this was to block the games .exe using my firewall which, and I can't state this enough for a SINGLE PLAYER game is nothing short of utterly ridiculous.So as you may have noted I said I manged two hours with this game, well yes I did manage to play some of this game and this leads me to2nd, this game is a mess, I mean I've played bugged games before but bugged to the extent that I can't even start the first mission. The mission tells me that I need to go liberate some town, I do this and everything tells me that this town has now been liberated so I head to the mission start location to be told that I have to liberate the already liberated town to unlock the mission.... yeah, looks like those hamsters powering the online part of this single player game also had a hand in the game's coding.3rd, I am willing to give it another chance, I decided to restart the game again, a fresh new start maybe my tweaking trying to kill the online part of this SINGLE FU**ING PLAYER, game had a poor effect on the hamsters running under the hood of this game. Let's give them break get them some fresh water and give them another go at that wheel. I get as far as the first NPC, the guy who screams for help after you parachute in right at the start of the game, I kill the rebels and turn to find him stuck and glitching and refusing to continue. Oops, looks like the hard breathing, drunk hamsters have fallen over and broken all their legs.In short this game is utterly appauling, made all the worse by the fact that I was actually looking forward to playing this game."
,Not Recommended,225540,19509740,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Theo,"If you have an Nvidia Card: Get this game. It's great fun, really good world design and is really good in generalIf you have an AMD card: Don't get this game. It runs like complete trash. I have an FX6300,R9285,8GB RAM and I got 20fps on low 720p. wait untill the patch comes out"
,Recommended,225540,19509230,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Baron von Herzenberger,"Seem's like everyone is having problems with their computer not being up to date. Mine is, and the game is great :D"
76561198028520337,Recommended,225540,19511687,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Shadowbound,"awsome fast pace little game, with noice explosions and some sweet little missions. If u like big explosions and fast past action this is the game for you :@)"
76561198135637978,Recommended,225540,19511829,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MegaMiner772,You like destroying stuff? You like semi-fast gameplay?This Michael Bay style game is just the game for you
,Recommended,225540,19512051,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Løys,"Great game. Better than the last one. I'm and AMD user. Crashed twice when i launched it, but when i downloaded the beta driver from AMD that game worked like a charm."
,Not Recommended,225540,19420404,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Monkerlotus,"As of now, I would not recommend this game at all.They changed my favorite system of upgrading your stuff, instead of finding gears in the open world, you have to complete poorly thought out ""challenges""I have only ever enjoyed one game with challenges and that is Saints Row.Aside from that, open world Mayhem is fun, really fun.  It doesn not impress me though, for I have played Just cause 2 and mercenaries 2."
76561198208338071,Not Recommended,225540,19512450,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,HartsyMK1,"wont even start up on a £1500 pc, broke♥♥♥♥♥hell"
,Recommended,225540,19512585,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,hipokemon864,have not had any fps problem and its fun  to blow things up.
76561198087099717,Recommended,225540,19512698,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,TacoIsMyLife,Really funny game to just expload and have fun 10/10
76561198028976240,Recommended,225540,19510688,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,stephanm117,"Well this is comming from a man who thought Anno 2070 was totally worth the money and loved it, I think this game is totaly worth the money and I love it. :)"
,Not Recommended,225540,19426030,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,The Emperor Provides,"It's pretty fun.Visually, it looks the same as Just Cause 2, only with slightly higher texture resolution and a crapton of blurring from droppings-tier AA tech and whatnot. Maybe they fiddled with the shaders too. A bit disappointing to be honest. Really liked the LOD thingy they did on JC2, plus the lack of blur.Gameplay? I'm having loads of fun. Explosions, wingsuit, more explosions, pretty cool mid- to highend special weapons, wingsuit, and man do those tethers make helicopters go hayWIRE.Storyline is okay, I guess. Bit confusing at times, as it doesn't really explain how you ended up following a pipe or what happened inbetween some missions.Performance? I've not had an issue. Definitely is a problem somewhere, judging by all the salt. I don't envy the devs when they have to filter through all the dung to figure out who the culprit is.If you have performance issues, don't pooppost. Give the devs a bug report with system specs and what software is currently running, and if that software has overlays. Stop being a turd.Btw, thanks for deleting my savefile after 20 hours. Thanks."
,Not Recommended,225540,19510456,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Gravity,i looked up a few things to improve preformance. i had everything the lowest it could go and was super excited to play this game. prettey sure i got 1 FPS maybe 10 if i was lucky and that only lasted for a few seconds. all in all if you don't have a pretty beefy computer i would not suggest you get this game. hope fully i get a better computer.
,Not Recommended,225540,19511116,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,^1fireball,"Just Cause 3 is fun when it doesn't run like absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ They took a great game (Just Cause 2) and improved upon it. Much is still the same, but they clearly understood *most* of what the players enjoyed (obviously not the whole running smoothly part). Personally I have a realitively good computer, its no Usain Bolt, but its that one kid who ran track in high school that was like the star runner in your little middle of  nowhere school, good but not great. My computer should be able to run Just Cause 3 at pretty good settings, as the Nvidia optimal settings would indicate. But contrary to popular belief, changing any settings in just cause 3 will not change your framerate.Except v-sync, that'll stop it from locking at 30fps.Don't ask me why I don't know. But if i was buying the game right now, I would be hesitant to purchase it until it gets patched.Currently Just Cause 3 is really a lot like that ugly girl at the bar. You don't really want to get in her pants, but maybe if you get drunk enough you can have some fun with her for a few hours and forget how ugly she is.tl;drThis is how I would describe my experience with Just Cause 3 in its current state:https://gyazo.com/816b3571ce27ff75e726c7e48d3cfd29"
,Recommended,225540,19518126,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dayman,"Great game so far, amd user here had a problem with textures at the start but updated my driver to the latest beta driver and it fixed the issue"
76561197971095068,Recommended,225540,19513560,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,K-Shard,"Was put off by the stability problems for the last couple of days but thought I'd give it a go. I installed today and have played around 6 hours with no problems at all. Game runs fast and smooth with no issues. I'm running on a i7 3770, GTX970sc and 8Gb ram.I've put a serious amount of hours into JC2 and this is very similar, a lot slicker and prettier but the story so far isn't as good. That's not too much of a problem though as the story is really a distraction to the openworld chaos which is where the real fun is.Map isn't as good as JC2 and the lack of an on screen mini-map is a pity - makes the collectibles harder to find. The cars and bikes are a lot harder to control but the choppers are faster and more responsive.If you're still  playing through JC2 for the first time I'd probably recommend sticking with it for now as it'll keep you busy for a loooong time and JC3 doesn't add too much more to the series. JC2 is almost as pretty and you'll have a better chance of a smoother ride, going by the majority of other reviews to date.Standalone though, this game is fantastic fun if you're a JC2 veteran and want more of the same."
76561198230080956,Recommended,225540,19685224,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,the pro of noobs,my game had a glitch that makes it so that i can't get anything from the rebbel drops but the game is that good that im not that mad
,Not Recommended,225540,19689825,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,CPA-ONE,Smaller and less fun than Just Cause 2. :(
,Not Recommended,225540,19690225,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Gerd,"Game still crashes when you have a GTX 980 graphics card an i747 processor and 16 gigs of ram ♥♥♥♥ing marvelous just marvelous, toooooo many bugs to list and on specific mission that needs to be balanced tremendously: Rico and the Rose. Reason: In what does it make sense that you have roughly 10 seconds to shoot down a plane and 5 more planes followed by many many more... seriously? It would make alot more sense if this mission was done in waves like: you have a specifified amount of time to shoot down this group of planes and so on. This would make the mission actually possible. though if you like that kind of difficulty then what the hell is wrong with you?Would not recomend this game to anyone in the general area of video games. Just a terrible game. Fix it."
,Recommended,225540,19690229,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,naomha,"What's not to love about Just Cause 3? Granted some folks are having serious issues getting it to run on their rigs but if you can and do, well, there's a plethora of major destruction and mayhem to be done in game.  With fantastic modern graphics, wonderful audio and even a halfway decent story thrown in for good measure, JC3 IS the game that's all about destroying everything you possibly can in every amazing way you can dream it.   Want to destroy a tank while hanging upside down from your helicopter. Yo can do it. Want to ""fly"" to an enemy plane while jumping from your helicopter and then zip line to it, smack the pilot out and crash it into the ground to take out an enemy encampment? You can do it. Wicked fun to be had every single minute. Seriously.There's a couple drawbacks. In all honesty, the story is so-so. Story could have been better. Really. Also, I'm not sure what the developers DIDN'T hear about all the stupid side missions that create your unlocks but they brought them back in JC3. Repetitive and boring most times, some insanely hard to get perfect scores, the fact you HAVE to do them to get the better gear, better vehicles and better moves is, in my opinion, the suckiest thing the devs could have done. Personally, I would have rather seen an rpg-ish upgrade system where what you've accomplished in game creates theses unlocks but I KNOW some of you will be really unhappy about having to do them. Maybe in a future patch the devs will fix this.Also, KNOW that if you're running an all AMD rig, right now, you may not get the game to run. At all. I'm obviously very lucky but a large majority of those running AMD gpus are experiencing problems. Just KNOW that the devs are highly aware AND are working on a major patch.IF, and basically IF, you wanted GTAV to be more ""destructive"" then by all means buy JC3. I've had more fun playing JC3 than any other open world game that featured destructible environments. Wicked, wicked fun."
,Recommended,225540,19722152,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,TheAllonsyDude,"Remember Just Cause 2? You know the game where you have a parachute and a grappling hook? I bet you do! So, I don't really like Just Cause 2 To be honest but Just Cause 3? Well it's a different story, it has improved in every single way! Hate stupid too boring, too repetitive vehicles in videogame? Well the wingsuit fixed it by making it need some skills to do instead of like a plane videogame, you can't just hold a single button (more specifically, the W key). The grappling hook has a tether that you can retract which is very handy. INFINITE C4! The water is beautiful and the physics is awesome. Don't buy it now, Buy it later after it is fixed. MUST HAVE AFTER FIXED!"
76561198085556352,Not Recommended,225540,19722264,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,James G,Not worth the money at all. buy when it hits $15
,Recommended,225540,19721051,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,gay,"Content-wise, this is possibly the best game I've ever played. Ever.Unlike JC2, the story actually does affect the gameplay somewhat. The story is good, there's an actual plot, and it makes sense.Gameplay is 10/10. Lots of guns, lots of cars, lots of planes, lots of boats. Oh, and there's a wingsuit, parachute, and grappling hook.The one flaw: the PC port is♥♥♥♥♥♥ AMD users beware. Luckily, as an NVIDIA user, I generally run at 50+ FPS. The devs are fixing this as soon as they can.Get this game.EDIT: My specs are:3.3 GhZ 6-Core AMD Processpr (can't name the model though)8GB DDR3 RAM (one stick is ADATA, other is Patriot)EVGA GeForce 970 (4GB GDDR5)Monitor is running 1080p @ 60Hz.11/10 -IGN"
,Recommended,225540,19721512,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,exierSin,Explosions everywhere. 10/10.
,Recommended,225540,19720266,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Colin,Was zip zoopin all over teh place with my zip line. 11/10 would zipline again.
,Not Recommended,225540,19719719,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Numb Spagooter,"I do not recommend this game for the amount of times it has crashed, frozen, and dropped FPS significantly. The optimization is horrible for this game. I have a pretty decent rig that can play Fallout 4 on High with little effort and a solid 50 FPS. I could run this game at low settings just fine, nothing higher than the low settings otherwise it would run at 15 FPS. Even at low settings, if there was an explosion, my game would stutter hard and rendered the game unplayable. I have a GTX 970 and a pretty great CPU, so I don't understand why I'm having these issues. I have gotten my refund for the game already, but I do hope to play this game again if, and I mean IF, they fix these issue."
76561198007096425,Not Recommended,225540,19720163,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,sciencedude,"The game has a tons of fun. No, really! Huge map, vehicle diversity and cinematic stunts...But these nices were absolutely spoiled by serious malfunctions, poor performance and various bug/glitches.Game is literaly unplayble in its current state.I recommend all interested people to wait till fix will be rolled out.Sad but it's noting to do here right now."
,Recommended,225540,19727842,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,GentlemanWolf,michael bay simulator
76561198016077290,Recommended,225540,19726671,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,TLow,Great Game! Like in a real Action Movie.Its like Spider Man with massiv Fire Power :-)Great Game :-)
76561198107623550,Recommended,225540,19588874,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,ejag,"Amazing! The most fun I have ever had playing a game. Can't help but smile! The port to PC is fantastic, even better than GTA V. Thank God it's out!!! Square Enix and Avalanche thank you."
,Recommended,225540,19587651,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,junkevil,"A few bugs at launch but overall a very good game, espectially for those that loved Just Cause 2. The wingsuit makes a great addition to Ricos equipment and after getting the hang of it, you're flying around faster than ever. Some of the new heavy weapons are also nice, like a missile launcher that fires a missile which then splits up into 8 missiles that you can have locked on to objects, or the grenade launcher that launches 6 grenades at a time. In addition to new fun weapons, the dual tether works better than ever, giving you much more control to make people fly than you had in JC2."
,Not Recommended,225540,19588008,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,CovertKraken,"Good game, good concept, but plagued with gameplay and technical issues to the point that it's barely playable, even on a good day. Not worth your time or money until there is a MAJOR patch.PROS:+ Game looks pretty, specifically the water physics (if you can get a playable framerate)+ The wingsuit is amazingly fun and works flawlessly+ The grapple tethers have been improved from last game+ The ""Rebel drop"" system (where you buy weapons and vehicles) is a big improvement from the Black Market in JC2+ Most of the challenges are a lot of funCONS:- Horrible framerate on all but the beefiest computers- Field of view (FOV) is tiny and NOT configurable- Intrusive leaderboard ""features"" slow the game down even further- Motorcycle controls are the worst I've ever seen- Airplane controls are garbage - zero improvement from JC2- Car controls are bad but managable once you get the hang of it- Parts of the game world seem very empty and incomplete- Lots of bugsDon't buy this until Avalanche fixes the major issues. If these issues were fixed, this would be a great game."
,Recommended,225540,19590199,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,minion,"Just Cause 3 is a GREAT GREAT GREAT game. It is riddled with launch day bugs, yet to be patched, for anyone experincing these bugs, or have fear for running into them, don't buy this game. Launch day bugs are expected for a game as beautiful as Just Cause 3. I personally had a couple of bugs, and if you are planning to buy this game before Christmas, don't. Wait until after Christmas to buy it and hopefully everything will be patched. I am warning everyone who reads this review because I don't want this game to have a bad community. Just work thru not getting the game, don't worry, everything will get fixed. Don't hate on this game either. Just hold out until you can get it, and everything should be fine!Thanks!-Pingus Khan"
,Recommended,225540,19590786,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,howdymydude,"This is a game that I can highly recommend. I've played it for a while, and now that I have 30 hours or so on it, I feel like I can give it a well-thought out review.Let's start off with the good:- You can tell that the people making this game really have a passion for what they're doing. The game has a ton of stuff to do outside of just exploding things, and it really helps you keep playing even when missions get monotonous.- The game mechanics are stellar. The combination of wingsuit and parachute gives you a way to travel around quickly while still having a stable platform to shoot from.- You aren't paying $60 for a couple hours of gameplay. Thirty hours in and I'm not even halfway to liberating all the provinces, let alone getting all the collectibles.- The game is justsolarge, and not that much of it is barren.- There are a lot of ways to destroy things. I don't think I'll ever figure out half of them.And now the bad:- This game suffers from a disease spread amongst many a triple-A game called brokenondayoneitis, where it's severely broken for AMD people. It runs fine on Medium-High settings formy laptop, but if you have an AMD card, stay clear for now.- Some (not all) of the many bases and towns you have to take over in the game are copy-paste. Specifically, most of the small bases and towns are almost identical.- There are a ton of escort/keep-(insert person/device here)-safe sorts of missions, and they are really obnoxious to redo over and over again.- Loading times aren't too bad, but there are loading times when you're trying to do challenges. This is really discouraging when you're trying to beat your high score but 15 seconds blocks you from trying again.- It's not a super well-polished game, and you'll find a couple bugs here and there, but not enough to break the immersion.-It's a single player game that tries to log you in online.While you can still play offline, expect that every menu you open will have at least 20 seconds of ""Logging you in..."" before you can do anything. The online mode is just for the leaderboards.Final Words:I've sunk a good portion of my free time into playing this game, and it's been a blast. If you're an AMD person, lay off, but otherwise, you should really have this game."
,Recommended,225540,19450224,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ALS,At first glance not a good game but give time and i'm sure patches and guides will be out to help AMD users and users such as myself who have ran into a crash when attempting to change resolution(edit the .json file in documents/square enix/just cause 3/0 to fix).
,Recommended,225540,19722978,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,InfectedToe,"Honestly an amazing game. I have probably played too much ;D. Dosen't run too well, but incredibly fun even though i get around 40 fps."
76561198040100459,Recommended,225540,19431351,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[mma] Backstabbing,"I'm giving this a positive review because I got what I paid for. I knew what Just Cause 3 was and I knew that I loved Just Cause 2 and I have a pc that can run it so $53 was 100% worth it. I'm not entirely certain if the issues that plagued the game a day before launch are fixed but I'm below the minimum specs and it runs beautifully. Oh, and it's FUN!!!! THIS GAME IS THE DEFINITION OF FUN!! THE MOST FUN!i7 4710HQGeForce GTX 850m8gb RAM30-50fps on medium to high settings at 1366x768"
,Recommended,225540,19431411,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,sageoggy,"This game is amazing. Really. Its beautiful, expansive, and explosive. I've seen many reviews claiming performance issues and bugs, but my experience has been nothing but amazing. It has literally taken 4 hours to complete the first 40 minutes of story because i cant stop liberating towns and destroying bases. In the 4 hours ive played i think i have already gotten my 60 bucks worth of entertainment, and i still have many more hours of fun ahead. This game is not only a true visual masterpiece, but a masterpeice of a port, also. Not only does it look as good as GTA5 (if not better since the ENB and visual style is amazing) but it runs better. I have no problem mazing out the settings on my 3 year old i5-3570k and my 970.Conclusion: Get this game. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can not emphasise enough how much fun this game is. My grades are probably going to drop because of this game but ohh is it worth it."
,Recommended,225540,19431517,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Scone Enthusiast,"Before I get any backlash, here's my rig:i7 4770k770 CLASSIFIED 4GBAsus z87 pro v edition1000i psu16gb hyperx ramThis game runs perfectly at near max settings. I haven't turned on any extreme antialiasing or filtering whatsoever, but it is indeed on. This game is so much fun already, just messing around with the grapple hooks and hooking cars together is fun in itself. I highly recommend this game. A ton of fun and not serious at all.I can't say I recommend this card if you are an AMD user. Nvidia software and hardware is superior in my opinion, but that is not an excuse for AMD cards to not work properly with this game. It should be fixed in a week tops I believe."
,Recommended,225540,19430995,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Tablo54,"I really enjoy this game! It's perfect in my opinion. However, it has crashed on me once, so yeah, but otherwise, game of the year!"
,Recommended,225540,19420398,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Moriarty,"The game ,as a game play, is a amazing , it is everything someone who played jc2 would ever want .BUT the performance on this game isn't too well . For me it isn't that bad I've heard people saying it is unplayable which ,for me, isn't true i play the game on medium - high settings and at 45-55 fps but when i come to the good parts (aka explosions) I experience sudden frame drops which is something I really dislike in this game . Another thing which I still haven't found a fix for yet is the audio , for no reason when I run the game I can't hear anything (AND NO THE COMPUTER ISN'T MUTED) not even something unrelated to the game like a movie or an audio file.So Avalanche fix these 2 problem and you've got my 10/10 .EDIT : Fixed the audio"
76561197980087312,Recommended,225540,19430536,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,waxpants,HELLA FUN
,Recommended,225540,19430677,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Mashedy,"Great game, i expect great things i just hope they fix the bugs really soon. its rather hard to play atm. but from what i was able to do, its going to be amazing."
,Recommended,225540,19430685,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,thobba89,"Great game, driving could use some work, though. Runs pretty much locked at 60fps 1080p on my laptop (intel i7 6700hq, GTX 980m, 16GB RAM) I've seen pretty mixed reviews on this game, but imo it's great fun and looks great too!"
,Recommended,225540,19430705,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,summersa74,No problems here.I5 4690k gtx 970 16gb ram.10/10 would blow up again.
76561197975674876,Recommended,225540,19430726,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,GG Medijokur,"Seeing a lot of flak here, just wanted to tell my side of it.- The optimization needs a little work, with a few short droppages of fps here and there. Nothing a patch can't fix-Running a Nvidia GTX 970, and I've had no crashes/graphical issues- You can go into offline mode, no problem therePros:It's Just Cause! The destruction, the grappling, the playing around with everything is back and better than ever. Great fun.As said it runs quite well for me, looks very nice too.Cons:A few bugs here and there, mostly graphical glitching through the occasional object, as well as a few weird bugs related to achievement/scoreboards (I can get counts on ""consecutive hits on enemies with a single bullet weapon"", even if I miss shots on purpose. Also my score of 498 just disappeared, took like an hour to achieve. Oh well)TL;DR: It's great!"
76561197983681400,Recommended,225540,19430745,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,mwebby,had no issues with game crashes game works beautifullyand its great fun
,Not Recommended,225540,19430891,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,CockOfTheRock,"Well they did say there were going to be explosions and amazing crashes, but those two go together way more than I expected. I think it's a little too literal. I can't play more than about 3-5 minutes without crashing. It is one thing to have such a poor launch across consoles and PC, but to completely disregard it and announce a celebration for the game launch? You are getting way ahead of yourself there. Please fix the game, or at least let the players know what is going on, because at this point it is too late to refund."
76561198183464998,Not Recommended,225540,19431815,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,GlitzyTomb,"It's a dream to play, when it actually works.I've gone from High and Very High (as I do with most modern games at 60 FPS) with all the goodies on to Low on everything and all the goodies off, and it still runs like crap.  I've had three hard crashes in my few hours of play.  I've had audio coming in and out.  I've had audio dropping out for some time and then suddenly coming back and playing through the audio of everything I've been doing at about triple speed.  These are not normal problems.Wait to see if patches fix these issues.  If they do buy it, if they don't pick up Just Cause 2 and the Multiplayer Mod.  It's still bloody active."
,Recommended,225540,19431881,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,DrDiv,Very well done. Love it! Wing-suit flying is addictive! Great job dev team on making a great game (Just Cause 2) even greater!
76561198119743645,Recommended,225540,19431889,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,davidservice,"Started off rough with several crashes, but that was fixed with latest nvidia drivers.While there are still some performance issues for Avalanche to fix, I have faith that they'll do the same respectable fix-up job they did with Just Cause 2.Not the deepest of games, but brings enough new features and tweaks to the table to make the experience enjoyable; if using an AMD card, best wait a week or two so that you can avoid frustration and get the upcoming patch right out of the gate."
76561198116251407,Recommended,225540,19432030,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Skibros,Super fun. if only i could get better than 30 fps. my prossesor doesnt meet the requirments :(
,Recommended,225540,19432120,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ron Soak,"Runs fine on my 970, perfect 60fps.Story, to date, is lame but the sandbox is why im here. and its FUN.\If you like modern day Sandboxes, unrealistic mechanics you will like this game!"
,Recommended,225540,19432160,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dillon,"Just Cause 3 is fantastic:beautiful graphics, improved voice acting, fun characters, stylized visuals, a cool new world to explore, fast Italian cars, and twice as many explosions. If you loved JC2 you'll love JC3. You already know about the wing suit and the double grappling hook - they're both a blast. This is by no means a rehash of JC2.  And as for performance, I've not personally experienced any of the commonly reported issues. The game runs smooth, and when I DO experience some minor slow down or performance hiccup, I just tweak a setting or two and all is fixed.Now, there is one thing that I must address. If you enjoyed the driving physics in JC2, you'll probably HATE them in JC3. From what I've seen most people disliked the driving in JC2, but I was a big fan. In JC3, vehicles feel very heavy and sluggish. Turning is the most noticeable problem, as it takes a half second to register when you press a turning button, and another half second to register once you've let go. The only time the driving controls feel okay is when you're driving at high speeds. I read somewhere that ex Burnout devs were hired to work on the driving mechanics. If that's true then it explains why they feel the way they do. That said, I'm starting to get used to them, but I definitely miss the controls from JC2. As long as you don't plan on doing any precise driving maneuvers you should be alright (and you can always get around quicker with the wing suit anyway).This game is incredibly fun and I've barely cracked the surface. If you're at all on the fence about Just Cause 3, stop hesitating and buy this game already!"
,Recommended,225540,19432293,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Get_The_Bleach!,Best game ever!
76561198018013143,Recommended,225540,19432296,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Praetor Shinzon,Having a blast on this game. No problems with any crashes or graphic problems. Seeing those complaints almost made me not buy this but turns out my Nvidia card loves this game :).
,Recommended,225540,20202968,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gooplux,"Its a good game, lots of explosions, and more explosions. the game might as well be advertiesed by explosions... and helicopters... that are expoading."
,Recommended,225540,19509047,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Spree,"After reinstalling the 980ti drivers with a clean install and performing a game file verification on JC3 it now seems to be running stable without any crashes. I can now recommend this game.Specs:3770KWin 7 Pro 64 bit (All patches applied as of writing this review)16 GB (2x8) Trident 2133MHz CAS 9 RAMGTX 980 Ti 6 GB <-- Upgraded from 7970 recently, game crashes with both AMD and Nvidia.1 TB 840 SSD (Game is loaded on this drive)"
76561198088952392,Recommended,225540,20203199,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sgt. Leone,"This is the best game I (personaly) have ever played.  The graphics are outstanding, and the game runs very very smoothly.  If you have the money, get this game (just cause) it's totally worth it!"
76561198016605318,Recommended,225540,20204322,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,juggern0t291,"Buy Just Cause 3 if you:Want to wreak havocWant to blow stuff upWant to move around freely in an open world using a wingsuitWant to feel superhumanHave 16GB of RAM or moreDon't buy Just Cause 3 if you:Want a great storyWant memorable charactersWant to experience top-notch voice actingHave 8GB of RAM and a mechanical HDD8/10, great game plagued by performance issues."
76561198121860858,Not Recommended,225540,20204829,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,CubedDuck,I would say this is a good game but... I cant even play it. Im not one to ♥♥♥♥♥ about games but if I spend 50 or more dollers and find out that my computer cant play it im going to ♥♥♥♥♥ about it. The best part about this is that im not the only one theres hundreds or thousands of people are having this problem and its not fixed. I would be a good game if it is playable.
76561198170222133,Recommended,225540,20204906,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,xXweslertXx,"I got this game after returning fallout 4 and my internet sucks so it took me about 46 hours of my computer downloading. I have a crash that happens about every 20 mins (error code 38) but it such a great game i do not care and start the game up again,i can not wait until they pach the glich becasue others also have this problem.GREAT GAME one that best i have ever played."
,Recommended,225540,20201104,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,doggyfuck,"Explosions, Explosions, Explosions.Here is the evidence to my theory:Get in a fight.Look left to right.Shoot people a bit to get your wanted level up.You see the explosions."
,Recommended,225540,20201282,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Fractool,Was not sure my pc would be able to run this but it plays it on medium high settings fine. I have to play it in offline mode as steam takes up more cpu than the game for some reason. The game its self has an aweful story but the sandbox is good fun if a little repetitive at times.
76561198087187281,Recommended,225540,20202196,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[ADM] Shark,"Very fun and entertaining game with lots of things to do and places to explore. Except on the downside, for me and some others have FPS problems which make the game run very slowly. I average an FPS of about 20 but some times even goes down to about 10. Overall though great game though and very fun so far."
,Recommended,225540,20205210,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JuStMrS1MPS0N,Best game I've payed for in 2015 Issac Newton would be proud XD
,Recommended,225540,19923676,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,executable,Boom. Boom. Boom. BOOM. BOOM! B O O M!! *smash*10/10 would boom again
,Not Recommended,225540,20194096,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,phetherweyt,"Step 1 - Buy the gameStep 2 - Download and Install the gameStep 3 - ???? < --- Everything flickers (even the menu options) Game unplayableStep 4 - Request refundDo not buy until all the issues have been fixed. It's not worth the headache.This is on an i7 5820K, 295X2, Rampage V Extreme, 32 GB DDR4 RAM.Save your money."
,Not Recommended,225540,20194555,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,turbotrixie,"Yet another unfinished game release. In addition to having numerous performance issues, as well as a pretty high number of general annoyances and bad game design decisions - it just does not seem to have the charm and sense of fun from JC2. Very dissapointed."
76561198010332457,Not Recommended,225540,20197704,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jim Mustain,"I loved Just Cause 2, and I was very excited to play the third installment.  The game is unplayable.  I was very frustrated to first open up the game and find out that even after turning all the graphics down to medium/low and turning all of the graphical faetures off, the game still stutters and suffers the worst frame rate dops out of any game I own.  I can play Grand Theft Auto V on the highest settings without any problems.  But this game refuses to run.  I really wanted to like this game and I think that I probably would if the developers would bother to fix a very broken game.  Look at all of the other reviews, the game is broken, do not purchase this game until the memory leaks are patched and the game has been properly optimized.  I can't even begin to review the actual game, because I can't play it."
,Recommended,225540,20198301,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Toon324,"The world is beautiful, and a lot of time went into making it feel like a living-world. NPC's will chat with you about their backstory, people will change tires on the side of the road, citizens will recognize you and cheer your name after you liberate their town.The objectives in each town can feel pretty cookie cutter at times, but military bases are almost always an interesting challenge. If a base gives you trouble, liberating nearby towns and outposts will greatly help due to the local reinforcements they provide.The story is often weak, but the level of destruction is amazing. Most things can be destroyed, including bridges and trains.If you enjoyed JC2, you will enjoy this game. If you prefer a more serious game, then this isn't the game for you."
,Not Recommended,225540,20189145,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,RHS0,"Can't even play, it lags to crap. I would probably reccomend it if I could play, but I don't know it's personal quality since... well... I've only gotten past the beginning cutscene twice. And then 1 frame per 4 seconds. It looks good, but I sadly cannot reccomend it at this time. Oh, and if you are reading this, developers, FIX IT.Spent 4.1 hours in the time I've owned it just on loading and lag. So... I can't even get a refund. Not that I want one, because I still have hope.~RHS0"
76561198139945133,Recommended,225540,20189758,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Lenny,"If you don't have a gaming computer like this idiot, don't buy it. But if you do it's a sick game. Amazing.10/10 would play again- IGN"
,Recommended,225540,20190026,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,gouch beside asshole,Better than JC2 in alot of ways and an huge map to explore. Well worth the money and with multiplayer  coming soon it should be even better
76561198107799394,Recommended,225540,20200231,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,friskywhiskas,its a great game!
,Recommended,225540,20059487,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Herp Skrp de Derp,"I know it gets old after a while, but how do you not smile when you tether someone to a propane tank and send them blasting off like Team Rocket? In the words of French celebrity Labeouf...""JUST DO IT!!!!!"""
76561198263811020,Not Recommended,225540,19455845,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,poopyheadzz77,Super buggy and pretty much broken on AMD cards.
76561198081710421,Not Recommended,225540,19456334,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Mugen Tsukuyomi,I love how the game looks but I can barely play it's so laggy I hope the patch will fix it please release it as soon as you can
,Recommended,225540,19455430,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Craneew,Did I mentioned the explosions?
,Recommended,225540,19455613,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,AcePolygon,"First off, I don't experience any of the performance issues others are experiencing.The game runs buttery smooth at 120fps maxed out (all settings) with a 980 ti G1 Gaming.Now for the review part:One specific moment I experienced in the game sums up the review (please note no spoilers)A character asked me to please help move their boat that is stranded on the shore back into the ocean.So I decided I would tether the boat to a lamp pole across the water and pull the boat across.OOPS... Boat goes flying into the lamp post, flips upside down, flies back over the water and kills the guy asking for help.WTF just happened.... Just Cause 3.The game is quite glorious and unpredictable in it's finest moments and quite abysmal at it's weakest.Luckily for us there is more praise than not.Pros:- Grapple... Wing suit... Explosion!... Grapple... Wing suit... Parachute.. Wing suit... Explosion!!- Repeat above- Massive Map / Fun to explore- Serious fun with tethering things together.Cons- Graphics could be slightly better (compared to AC: Syndicate , GTA V)- Voice acting to me was atrocious, I couldn't take any of the characters seriously (not that you have to)- Mission are quite repetitiveI would recommend Just Cause 3 as it's is unpredictable and thoroughly enjoyable (just don't expect a serious storyline)"
76561198062295846,Recommended,225540,19453268,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,thekiere Noided,"Ok lets get this started, if you use a gtx 860m dont get the newest drivers itll ♥♥♥♥ you up (crash after starting cutscene) so i rolled back now its somewhat stable. But it runs as good as my dead grandma... And in one cutscene it disided to stop the image and voice but continue the ambient sounds. After two minutes the cutscene cutinued. Other than that its all i hoped for explosion cheasy charaters explosions and a grapling hook. Id say 8.5/10. I havent played alot but for what the games worth so far i can overlook the shortcomings in the perfomence. Seriously i love this game so far"
,Recommended,225540,19453541,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Nick,"If you want more of Just Cause 2, this game will give you just that."
,Recommended,225540,19453544,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,P3rciv4l,It's amazing. Get it if you enjoyed just cause 2.
76561198068199084,Recommended,225540,19504680,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Neji,"PROS:Everything you loved about Just Cause 2 - this game does better. The wingsuit alone was a selling point for me, and I absolutely love it. The freedom you get travelling across this open world is amazing. I had so much fun just flying around in the wingsuit I barely get into any vehicles on land unless demanded.CONS:I am aware of the glitches and bugs and the ones I've encountered are very minor so far, nothing gamebreaking. One minute I was stealing a car, lady got out of the car, next minute, car disappeared. Also, the first loading screen can be a bit annoying as it will automatically trigger an online login, making it longer than usual to startup the game and actually play. You can turn that off however.SUMMARY:Go for it if you love Just Cause 2, game will not disappoint in terms of the freedom you're given to wreak havoc in the city. Amazing mobility and challenges you to be as creative as possible. Minor glitches.9/10"
76561198249218130,Recommended,225540,19488526,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Iziyahxi,"User AMD Very Very Bad.....JC3 Not Recomd for playing,port in game very-very bad drop FPS 35-15...waiting update for Fix AMD User....F***k....=========================================================================Ok after Update Driver CA Version 15.11.1 Beta FPS 45-65 in High Setting===Windows 7 64Bit,8 GB Of Ram,FX-6300,Radeon R7 370 2 GB======"
,Not Recommended,225540,19490987,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,DeutsBoui,I would love to play this game
,Recommended,225540,19496133,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,HPringles,"I preordered this two days before launch, not really knowing about the issues that people have with it. However those issues do not come anywhere near combatting the sheer awesomeness of this game.I am an NVidia user, so I my issues are likely to not be as bad as AMD users, but still...Its awesome!!!I mean, the always online is annoying if the internet drops out, however you can put steam into offline mode and it will stop trying to connect and will run as intended.Overall, if you want a game that will excite you, even if there are still some issues with the compatibility, this is for you. If not , wait until the patches are released , then grab it at the first chance you get!Also, if you played Just Cause 2, this improves on literally EVERY aspect of the gameplay!BUY IT!"
76561198028714214,Not Recommended,225540,19496161,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Bearctopus,"As a huge fan of Just Cause 2, I was very excited for this. If you enjoyed the way Just Cause 2 controlled as much as I did, I think you will be severely disappointed in this game. I requested a refund several hours into the game due to the lack of fluidity. It looked great in videos, but after getting my hands on it, I was severely disappointed how disjointed it felt. I really feel like this was a step back from Just Cause and Just Cause 2 sadly."
76561198157410379,Not Recommended,225540,19497426,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,PirateEagle,"It would probably be a good game, if I could actually play it.Buying AAA games in the New Tens, not even once."
,Recommended,225540,19522410,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ApertureRiot,Think Pilotwings 64. With Guns.
76561198263322362,Recommended,225540,19522654,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Marvjuh,"Verry nice game and beautifull world. but i can hardly play on my rig. gta 5 i get like 70/80 fps. here its around 30 fps!alot of glitches like getting stuck in walls, no water textures fps drops en closing the games some times takes 5minutes.Recommended for the gameplay but wait with playing untilll a decent patch comes out."
76561198104861888,Recommended,225540,19539988,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Levi,"I just completed the storyline in JC3, and I have to say I really enjoyed every moment of it. Unlike many people, I haven't had any problems with performance in the game really. The funny part is that I am using an AMD R9 280X and an AMD FX 8350. If you enjoy games that don't take themselves very seriously, and enjoy blowing things up, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,225540,19540074,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Nouhou Yoo Hoo,"Initially the stutters had me wondering whether the game was worth it or not but after some fixes (driver updates, useless ingame settings shut off, set to borderless) my experience has been far greater than I could have hoped for. The game is a definite 10/10 so far. 25 hours in and I havent even gotten to the biggest portion of the map yet (there is so much to do in this game).Im running this on a 970 so I can't speak for AMD users, but for me this game was one of the best purchases I have ever made for a SP only game.My only complaint about the game itself if the ridiculous driving (esp motorcycle usage). No matter whether I use a controller or keyboard  it feels very clunky and downgraded even from just cause 2.All other aspects of the game imo are very slick and easy to master and the explosions are rad of course."
,Recommended,225540,19542245,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Sweet Hypocrite,If you want it to work set steam to offline mode. works for me anyways.
,Not Recommended,225540,19539544,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Whiro,"For now, I'll leave this at ""don't recommend.""For starters. 5 hours into the game, and due to the memory leak/crashing that I've been getting, my save is now bugged and I can't liberate a province, despite having captured everything in it. I also relate that to bad code.Basically, the game crashed after destroying the last object in a town, for my last capture for the province, but this was before I raised the flag to officially ""liberate"" the city. Load the save back up, and it says I captured the town, but the province is still in enemy hands. Great.If this keeps up where I can't play the game due to crashing, and potentially more game breaking bugs, and this issue isn't fixed? I'll definitely be refunding this game, and maybe going back to enjoying JC2."
76561198074964729,Recommended,225540,19539720,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,OprahWinfrey,"This game is great. Yes there are problems but if the people who leave bad reviews actually take the time to read some of the news, the devs are working there asses off trying to get things working. Other than the bugs and some preformance issues, the game is an absolute blast to play. My specs are worse than most of the users who wrote negative reviews but I'm constantly around 60 frames on full settings. If you get the game and experiance bugs, just know that they are working on it. it really is a great game allows alot of creativity. If you get it and start seeing problems, check the recommended specs. If they are over the specs listed, then just know that they will be fixed."
,Recommended,225540,19541705,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Severin Aequus,"I'm going to just touch on a couple of quick points since so many other reviewers have done such a great job enumerating the details.1. Slowness - For those of you struggling with what might be wrong with your setup or what you can do to fix the issue of the game slowing to 4 FPS randomly, I can say definitively that you cannot do anything about it. I'm running two GTX 980's  in SLI and still have the same problem. Also, there's some issue with running in 4K also. Even with my setup, I have to dial it down to 2560x1440. This game isn't Assassin's Creed: Unity bad, but it has performance issues.2. Memory leak - I have 32GB of RAM, so it doesn't crash on my system. But after reading the reviews, I checked on it and the memory steadily increases as you play. After 3 hours, I'm well over 6GB.3. As others have noted ni great detail, there are some control issues. As far as I can tell, you just faceplant straight into the ground when you're ready to land the wingsuit. But you survive it, so whatever I guess. A lot of the changes to the combat and damage system make the game even more cartoony than it was before. Still not the Saint's Row levels, but it's getting there.Overall, With a ridiculously overpowered system, the game plays fine for me for the most part. While there are some weird glitchy issues, I just don't fret about it and have fun anyway. I haven't found anything that's a showstopper, so the show's still going on for me and I'm having fun. Clearly patches will be issued and most of the issues are likely to be addressed. Look at it this way, it's either this or play that new remake of The Sims that Bethesda recently released.  ;-)"
,Recommended,225540,19403115,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,☻SharkMan,"ugh, this game is good. but it really needs work, its pretty buggy. handling on bikes is especially poor. something is different about the game coming from 2, the handling, and the game flow. it's not especially as fun as 2 but i cant place why.the wingsuit is fun, but the handling is kind of frustrating sometimes. controls are kind of awkward, i find myself constantly realing into something i dont want to real into, you get used to it, but i still occasionally throw a grenade at my feet or kill myself with the rpg.friendly ai, is better and worse than it was in just cause 2, they actually seem to kill enemies this time, but they are rarely around to help you out, unless you specifically bring them with you.had 2 game breaking bugs so far, not game death, but just enough to force me to quit and restart the game, was clearing bases and no backup was being called, pretty much killed everyone in the base and had 0 stars, made it super easy. and the second bug was in a sidequest, completed a delivery but it never completed and wouldn't let me cancel out of the mission, even if i killed myself. had to quit and restart.game load times are also a chore and the game slows down quite frequently, espeically on rough water driving a boat.game is still fun despite these flaws, but it makes me really miss 2."
76561198073479812,Recommended,225540,19541832,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,aqw409,"Great game. Same explosion porn as just cause 2 but better. Yes there is some frame rate problems but I'm running the game below minimum for some parts so I deal with it. But even then the frame rate drops are fast movment of the camera to unloaded areas, which happens in any game. Its just a little more noticable here because of the detail."
76561198022515875,Recommended,225540,19541906,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Sauce Pizza,"Gtx 960 FTW 4GBAMD FX 83208gb ramI play on medium right now with nvidia drivers to get 57-60 fps and 30-50 in populated areas.Yes, right now the performance is not the best but they are updating and Nvidia drivers are out.Now the actual game:JC3 is a incredible open-world game with a beautiful landscape. MAP 10/10JC3's story is playable and followable unlike JC2's and is pretty good. STORY 7/10The game is very reptitive when it comes to liberating towns and bases and gets quite boring fast. GAMEPLAY 5/10 (Yes its that bad) OVERALL:8/10 (AT IT'S CURRENT STATE) If you haven't bought the game yet, wait till' christmas when patches will most likely come out."
,Not Recommended,225540,19546089,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Cow,"Square Enix has dissapointed me once again, You had so much time, so many people but you could do it could you, you didnt make the sunflowers.... *Sigh* point in the correct direction. Good game i guess but the sunflowers doe, FIX IT!!!!!"
,Recommended,225540,19544458,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,MeRcy,awesome!!
,Recommended,225540,19545249,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TheInvisibleEye,This game is honestly AMAZING there is so many ideas and fun things to be done.BEST GAME IN THE WORLD.No problems.THUMBS UP
,Recommended,225540,19545433,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Grax,"I don't know how many hundred hours I have in JC2 combined across all platforms, but it's many. And IMO, JC3 is far, far better - for so many reasons. I'm at 22 hours gametime when writing this.The terrain and world in general is much better designed, cities and bases look better and are more varied, the spectrum of difficulty and effort varies so much more from place to place than it ever did in JC2. The explosions are cooler, the vehicles are more awesome, the weapons cause more havoc, wingsuiting is *awesome*. Not even to mention the fact that transport vehicles are much better - you have huge boats (and much bigger aircraft) that can carry all the loot, vehicles and weapons you could ever want. Which isn't necessary to wreak the ultimate destruction, but pretty nifty nonetheless.The challenge/gear system is pretty alright - gives you additional incentive to ♥♥♥♥ around outside of the missions. Some of the challenges are arbitrarily hard for reasons that are random and difficult to control - like when enemy NPCs spawn to interfere and you have no easy way of disposing of them, and they ram your vehicle and the objects you are trying to reach.There are some drawbacks, but IMO they are minor. I hear people talking a lot about having technical difficulties with it, and I can only agree. My rig is getting old-ish, with an AMD HD7800 or whatever its name is. Running just fine most of the time, but I get the occasional crash. Frequency is up and down, but it doesn't happen so often that it detracts from the value of the game. Load times are atrocious (especially loading the game itself). Missions bug out sometimes (more rarely than having the game crash, thankfully) - you'll end up invincible, quest objects fail to spawn, mechanics like homing missiles stop working, etc.The fact that it takes longer to restart a challenge you've failed than it does to complete the entire challenge is pretty annoying, however. Good grieving jesus what a drag it is to wait and wait and wait, press space, then wait and wait and wait, click space - repeat for way too long. The designer who came up with this idea needs to be ""visited"" by Rico.But all in all... holy ♥♥♥♥ what a game. Best computer-fun I've had in a long, long time."
,Recommended,225540,19543650,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Whimsically Useless,"If you've ever wanted a sandbox world you can blow up, explore, own and even traverse then this is for you. That is the description if you want simple terms, there. done. But seriously, just, play this, just do it. Why? Just Cause (3)...I know stupid Joke But What eva"
,Recommended,225540,19543412,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,DippR,Rico is like BATMAN!!!
76561197979223976,Recommended,225540,19544338,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Nuclear Revolution,10/10 It's like GTA with guns!!!
76561198087296476,Recommended,225540,19471065,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ManicManiac(),"I highly recommend this game. It is an insane amount of fun! I haven't been hooked on a game like this in a long while! Even though I started off with stuttering FPS, and nearly asking for a refund, I was able to fix it and haven't looked back since. If you are concerned about having these issues, then definitely wait for the patch before buying, but the developers seem to be onto whatever is causing the launch day woes, so the Steam community should see a decent patch soon, at least for those with NVidia GPUs. More on how I fixed the problem at the bottom of the review.This is my introduction to the Just Cause series, and I am having an absolute blast! Its a nice break from all these games that take themselves so seriously. So far, its not challenging, and definitely more about the destruction and mayhem, which is absolutely what I was expecting. The biggest learning curve was learning how to pilot the wingsuit. Its a destruction-derby, physics-fun sandbox. You can destroy civilian vehicles and even kill civilians, but they still praise you as their hero and savior, haha! The game doesn't give you grief for having a little bit of fun, and I like that.The story mode, and main objectives of the game remind me of Mercinaries, for those familiar with the old title (the first game in Mercenaries series came out on the PS2, so yeah, old). I'd also liken it to Farcry 3 & 4, but 3rd person and with a grapple hook and rocket C4! One of the most enjoyable parts of the game so far has been liberating bases & towns, which is something like outposts in Farcry. Not a main quest, but something fun to do that also unlocks fun stuff. Each base you take down is at least a little different, with familiar structures and what not. There are side quest challenges for unlocking gear upgrades and mini-missions that give you something to do other than ""liberate"" military bases and towns, as well as the main storyline missions.The highlight of the game that makes it unique is definitely the grapple hook, which gives you a very unique way to move about the map and combat enemies (though completely unrealistic, woohoo!). Tethering objects together is a blast, and its easy to get distracted and just start tethering all sorts of things together and see what kind of strange ways you can break the game physics.As for the graphical issues, I was one of the many having FPS stuttering, so I feel the pain of those still experiencing issues with the game. However, after changing my application launch settings to ""/windowed /borderless,"" the game ran nearly flawlessly at full graphical settings.Its very evident there is a memory leak of some kind. Before I changed the launch settings, even with 16gb of RAM, my system RAM usage was at 99% at some points. It was very frustrating. But once the changes were made, I was able to crank up the graphics and consistantly get beautiful framerates."
,Recommended,225540,19471131,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Doctor Queek,"I recommend this game provisionally.The provision being that they fix the glitches that are plaguing most folks. For myself, this game runs quite well, and it's a ton of fun. I have encountered a few glitches, but not game breaking ones (as in, they did not make the game unplayable). It should be said that I have a G-SYNC monitor, so the low framerates aren't an issue for me.If you enjoyed the open world and variety of activities of Just Cause 2, you'll enjoy this game. It's over the top ridiculousness that is just a fun game to play.I don't usually write reviews, but I wanted to write one for JC3 because it's been getting some negative PR, and I wanted to emphasize that this game IS great. Once the glitches are worked out this will be well worth the money."
76561198056225079,Recommended,225540,19471138,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,seipal83,"The game is trully awesome, i m gettig tons of fun on it, a few minnor changes would make it perfect"
76561198174748119,Recommended,225540,19471510,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ScooByDooBie,works grateRunning: AMD FX 8350 4.0GHzSapphire Radeon Vapor-x R9 290 8GBAsrock 990 FX Killerripjaw 32 RAMAll i had to do is rollback the video drivers. Now it works on ultra settings...All i can say to those who cant run it maybe you shoud take better care of ur stuff might work then for all you modders
,Recommended,225540,19467934,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,inFamousTechniq,Really great game. Physics and gameplay are smooth. Story is very similar to JC2 but good thing I liked it. Graphics are killer. The destructibility of the game is well made. The map is rich and the scenery is stellar. Plenty of guns to use and vehicles to drive. The only thing i don't like is the sequential wingsuit-to-parachute-to-grappling hook movement it could use some fine tuning.
76561198154526432,Recommended,225540,19468573,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,konan-_-nos,The game seems to running very well considering that I'm already below the system requirements with a Intel Core and 550ti but I'm swapping all those out soon for a geforce 950 and plus you can't really blame them for the bad frame rates as this game is still getting optimized like Ark is.
,Recommended,225540,19470648,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Vegas IV,considering that a some how managed to slingshot myself in a car and had a epic firefight against the red dudes that came straight out of a Michael Bay movie I give it 9 grapling hooks out of 10 rocket sticky bomb things. Only problem I've had is occasionaly obejects or walls start flickering like a bad bulb but its great besides that no other problems.
76561198071489235,Not Recommended,225540,19470753,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Here_In_My_Garage,"Was fun for first 2 hours. on 5th mission turncoat, got stuck in crashloop so i cant get past that mission or play through it. Okay ill just go capture some forts and ♥♥♥♥ around. 2 days later. WOW still haven patched the crash loop. Whatever ill just free roam around. Woop game wont start. 16 hours of walking around not being able to do missions now the game wont start it auto crashes."
76561198108590744,Recommended,225540,19470853,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Epheonix,"This game is honestly the best game I have ever played, cool graphics and effects and its just very fun.The game sadly has so many bugs i am not even able to launch it anymore. Everytime it loads and before getting to the main menu it crashes."
76561198085439016,Recommended,225540,19424864,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,HoodedBandit,Game crashed no fun graphics glitchy. Will change review when fixed.EDIT: I looked up my problem and my problem was solved by UPDATING TO BETA DRIVERS!!! I have not had a single problem after going to beta drivers. The game works fine GREAT GAME
76561198016548144,Recommended,225540,19468692,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,(PCK)Shield Kid,"This game is fun like all the other before it. driving and flying could use a little work, and can get some choppy graphics lag which is weird b/c i have a great gaming rig. the driving doesnt seem as fluid or responcive as something like gta 5. the swivel on the helos is very slow even with the look sensitivity max. something im not use to. besides that im having just as much fun as i did with jc2."
,Recommended,225540,19469034,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,TheMoustacheRider,A great improvement on JC2 (an amazing game) with minimal peformance issues.9/10
,Recommended,225540,19449148,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Yung Draco,"Ultimately, it's a fun game. Extremely fun. Beyond fun.8.4/10 would definitely bang again"
76561198000970291,Recommended,225540,19465179,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Bag,"game runs great on 6700k and 980ti, The story is meh and the voice acting/lines are super cringy but the game is so so fun, getting in a chopper and just blowing everything up makes me grin so much, also the gun play is really fun, Ive missed duel weilding in games, it has its flaws but its definelty worth a purchase imo"
,Recommended,225540,19465199,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Shamoo,boom
76561198061905330,Recommended,225540,19465207,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,TITANS!?!,"I'd call it a step in the right direction.Optimisation issues aside (and oh boy, they're there and they're almost inexcusably bad) Just Cause 3 is a fun experience. it has solid mechanics and fun, open ended physics based destruction as well as the wingsuit and object tethering allowing for even more freedom of movement and creative chaos.However, the rest of the game feels rushed at best, lazy at worst. whilst the game world is large and extremely pretty. There isn't anything terribly interesting to do in it content wise. Don't get me wrong there are military bases all over the place just waiting to be wrecked as well as various races/challenges and it's great fun for the first few hours but it gets very samey after a while with little to no variation.The campaign is hit and miss with some fantastic missions and somewhat engaging characters but overall story leaves you underwhelmed -even by Just Cause story standards- by the end, not even a final cutscene to tie up the plot after you beat the final boss. (My fight lasting 5 seconds due to tethering his chopper into a rock, Compared to JC2 where you literally surf a nuke)Summed up it's a good effort but the destruction mechanics and physics based freedom potential is let down somewhat but the rest of the game's half assedness. So I'd say absolutely go buy it if it's ever on sale, if only just for the experience of playing the Red Faction protag's and equally god-like ancestor and laying waste to the mortal realm."
,Recommended,225540,19465269,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Super Duper Negroid Punisher,"I completely agree with Nerd³ on this one. Best. Game. Ever.This is the only game where you can steal a cargo plane, walk on top of it, plant C4 and backflip off to see the enormous explosion. The Best Game Ever.Other than a few texture glitches and the fact that the game has frozen on me once, I'll give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,225540,19465361,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,гιккегт,Best game of the year!!!
,Recommended,225540,19465407,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,tomg77,"Great gameLots of explosionsGreat graphicsPlayed smoothly on high settings, without any major stutters on a Gtx 960 and i5 4460Only crashed once so far after about 3 hours of gameplay and that was when I was messing around with the graphics settings"
,Recommended,225540,19405044,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,CroyDaBoi,After a few tuning to the settings and controller tweaks this games looks and performs beautifully at a solid 60 fps. Im running an  i5-4690 and a gtx 970 and the game is gorgeous. The controls take some getting used to but you will be gliding through tunnels in no time. I love blowing things up and dramatically walking into the distance watching the scene behind me!!! Cant wait to put more hours into this game!!!
,Recommended,225540,19405640,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,JakeR2000,"Best game I've ever played.Pros:Great game if you enjoy open world games. Lots of explosions and a good story.Did I mention there's explosions?Cons: Glitchy, but then again it is day one as of writing this review.9.5/10"
,Recommended,225540,19407456,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Boobie Pillow,This game is awesome. that is all.
76561198069736096,Recommended,225540,19427920,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ShitLord,"hey amd people i am with you that sucks, (i have all amd but it works fine so i cant complain) BUT seriously when this gets fixed anyone who wants to know what would happen if a gas station exploded in irl will love this game. (the gas stations are the best) liberating the towns at first you think wow i can see this getting old then you realize everything explodes so its ok that it happens a lot. havent gotten to far into the plot but for a game thats all crazyness the plot line aint bad at all. powerful messages about absolute power and military dictators that really make you want to kill the main enemy really bad (obviously thats a good thing) i havent had any glitches at all yet (minus the game recognizing a different rezolution but that is easily changed to normal in the settings) yeah but explosions so get game cause boom"
76561198149175714,Not Recommended,225540,19428160,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TheDumpster,"Well, like everyone else has said, this game runs horribly. I mean, if you like grainy textures, and graphics that can partially rival and PS3 game, oh and runs at 35 fps with 2x gtx 980s (no sli support), then this game is for you!!!!!"
,Recommended,225540,19428411,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,hahnBanach,挺有趣
,Not Recommended,225540,19428471,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Lars,"How to fix crash problem...*Buys game day before for ""AMAZING"" discount!!! :P*tries to play game tonight*crashes 3 times during intro sceen*steampowered help*and for refund*refund pending"
,Recommended,225540,19428541,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,mylies43,"Tons of fun 10/10. Also Im getting a constant 30fps on ultra everything on a gtx960 4gb so I dont see why some peoples games arent working, not only that buy my processor is below the minimum. Either way if you liked Just Cause 2 you'll love 3."
76561197987492093,Recommended,225540,19429740,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,jsprodigy,"As someone who has played waaaaay too much Just Cause 2, I can say that this new iteration is a lot of fun, with many improvements over the previous games.  Just keep this in mind - this game is not meant to be taken seriously!  From the dialog to the absurd physics and around to the unrealistic driving, this game is intended to be a sandbox of chaos and fun.  It has a mix of gunplay, grapple-swinging craziness, driving like a maniac, and gliding through the air with an absolute defiance for the laws of physics.  Oh yeah, sticking it to you Newton - who says simulated worlds need rely on your rules?  A great game for the chaos and destruction fan in all of us."
76561198141418670,Recommended,225540,19429760,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,CChan112,Why my ps4 controller cannot use at this game?
,Recommended,225540,19429774,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Griffin962,"Liking it so far, new nVidia driver fixed my performance issues"
,Not Recommended,225540,19429841,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SaUcErS pLaNeT,"First Impressions Review:as of 11/30-12/1 (2015)MY THUMBS DOWN IS MY OPPINION AS THE GAME STANDS RIGHT NOW!!!!!!! IF FIXES OR PATCHES COME THIS MAY BE SUBJECT TO CHANGE (kappa)Will update when i have more then 1.5 hours on record!!!!Pros~Explosions!!!!~Grappling hook and parachute still in game+Can now grapple two objects together and use a winch like option to bring them together++ can use this same thing to pull you in parachute mode propelling your up hills, ect +~NEW WINGSUIT~HUGE ♥♥♥♥ING MAP, my god i havent gotten to the other islands yet but jeez... thats alot of land to cover~More vehicles then just cause 2 had (air/land) from what i can tell so farCons~BUGS+i know its pretty much day one, pre-patches but come on. I saw the discussion page full of issues that i didnt have yes but some couldnt even play the game!!!! It's ridiculous to expect us to spend 60$ on a game that is'nt touched up like a final product should be. Games have been rushed out like this it seems pretty often recently and this ticks me... Butmy oppinionback to review of the game... kappa+~gunplay was not very fun. Do not buy if you love to aim, only time you can is with a sniper#360noscopebattlemebro~camera angles in cars seemed akward. even when disabling auto centering in optionsspeaking of cars....~car handling. This game isnt focused on driving yes but cmon... it should control better then this (given i may just have to get use to these controls I just dont see this being very good in my oppinion)Additional Notes~Graphics+I think they could be alot better, given this is the ""new-gen"" of games and consoles (although pc) this game should have better graphics -.-....[I was using high settings not ultra with solid 60 fps]+~Loading screens+ not a con or pro really, just noticed there seemed to be alot, can be annoying at times+~Multiplayer+im sure there will be a mod if not an official release of this but as of right now, there is no multiplayer :'( tear... please add <3 +~voice acting was funny and bad kinda mixed oppinions on this.~Hype+Im proud to say ive been a fan of this series of games since I got into video games (back on the xbox 360, originally the wii :P ) and even though this game had its bad and good, i am still leaning towards the ""do not recommend"" since i cant just rate this game, which i hate about steam!!!! another review in it self. So as of right nowi give this game a 3 our of 5 stars (***--).I take off one for actual mechanics in the game that were poorly rushed into the game for one reason or another and another for disapointment, i expected more from this and am saddened by the state of the game so far. But i shall play this more and see if this changes!!! hopefully patches and mods come out to fix issues and make this game one of my favorite this year and for many to come!!!! <3___________________________________________________________~Area for review after 50+ hours of gametime~"
76561198004513260,Not Recommended,225540,19430029,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,CovertWolf,"Terrible optimzation. 20 fps average, 1-10 during fights and travel.CPU: i7-4770k@3.5GHzGPU: GTX 770RAM: 8GB"
,Not Recommended,225540,19430042,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Halabec,I was already considering a refund when the game was flickering all over the place with my GTX-980 and the most recent nVidia drivers. But then I encountered an escort quest where the physics kept knocking me all over the place and causing me to fail the quest since I couldn't stay near the target I was escorting.Refund activated.
,Not Recommended,225540,19427244,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Grandmaster Eoj,"With a i5-4690k and a GTX970 this game had extremely frequent FPS drops when you used the grappling hook.THE GOD DAMN GRAPPLING HOOK!! Without that, this game is essentially garbage and I will not make myself play it.I give this game a 10/10 thousand."
76561198043320245,Recommended,225540,19479944,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,BlackMash,"This is what I hoped it would be, great physics, gameplay and skydiving! If you liked the style of jc2 u will love this game... its the improved version of jc2 with better looks and a big♥♥♥♥♥island and the story is amazing... one of the best games 2015 10/10 i would say, totally worth it"
76561198004578955,Recommended,225540,19481446,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Silverwind,"This title takes one hell of a system to enjoy at 4k, but if you have the hardware, you will not be sorry. On release, of course, no SLI support and a tough road in regards to some game breaking issues for some folks. However, take away all those things and you are left with a pretty solid platform for open world chaos. After a patch or two, this game will be locked tight for the rest of the PC world to enjoy.As for the constant leaderboard garbage? No thank you. I simply block through the firewall and run in Steam offline mode. Seems to help quite a bit with performance."
,Recommended,225540,19481804,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,[Crazy] Skrill,good game
,Recommended,225540,19405074,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mens Rea,"I find that this game must be given a chance. It seems that the devs have put in their hearts and souls into making this game. It sucks that it won't run well on many systems, but if it were as well optimized as Tomb Raider or MSGV this could have easily been the game of the year.This is the only game that lets you fly, people."
76561198098424216,Recommended,225540,19458758,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,OilHands,"i like the game, i love the game! It is a clear step up from the past JC games. The cons of this game though: The cars suck. It is way to wobbily and slides all over the place but thats alright because much rather use the wingsuit. That is also a preblem. The wingsuit is hard to cortroll on pc. But it's easier with a controller. But the game is AMAZING! graphics, explosions, gigant map, a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton to explore and just overall awesomeness!"
76561197992739560,Recommended,225540,19483778,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Phattbass,"For many the game runs poorly. For me it runs good, have 50-60fps at 1440p , some lower at hefty explosions but not like it slows you down. (GTX970 (SLI but that does not matter atm), i5 4,2ghz, 16gb ram)Pros:Explosions, explosions, exsplosionsGreat graphic and sceneryLots of fun blowing things upI like the fact that the cars don't behave like a cartoon car. (Some mean they should turn on a dime no matter the speed)Cons:Only one savegameNo SLI support atmNO!! Sprint (Takes a lot to get used to)Would probably waited a while, but if you can run it it's worth it:)"
,Recommended,225540,19484284,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Moonman,"If you have the ability to keep yourself entertained with wacky physics and explosions or enjoy mindlessly taking over settlements and killing troops of a dictatorship, as you do in Just Cause 2, you will love this game. It is honestly a great game and has a much more developed story compared to the other games in the Just Cause series. The voice acting is par (though they are different voice actors for the same characters in JC2 which is quite jarring at first) and the map and graphics are gorgeous, though not as impressive as I was hoping for. The game map is huge with tons of unique settings and locations.Really the only bad thing about this game, if you enjoy the types of things I stated earlier, is the incredibly s****y performance. Even with recommended computer specs this game runs like a  first week contestant of Biggest Loser. Not sure if there was a secret patch but when I first played the game I crashed to desktop frequently but eventually that stopped."
76561198110957640,Recommended,225540,19519725,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Darkfire,I needed to get a new graphics card to play this game. However now the game is beautiful and a lot of fun to play with such a dense and large world.
,Recommended,225540,19496800,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Punderland,"Lag, but fun. If smooth, unparallel fun. Period"
,Recommended,225540,19497873,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Yandere-Shark,vary fun!best gamebut need more optimization
76561198005640598,Not Recommended,225540,19497942,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Zombymario,Logging in...Performing online login€50 for a logging in screen/10
,Recommended,225540,19497967,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Pope St. Peter I,"This game is a playground. It's a bloody huge open world with loads of potential. I max the game out easily, (dunno what some people are nagging about) something that AMD users sadly cannot do without a huge throttle in performance.  And remember, don't play this game for story or things like that. The game does NOT take itself seriously and is a completely casual game. Want to blow stuff up on a map 8x larger than GTA V? Well then GET THIS GAME NOW!Grappled on top of a bus roof. Jumped off again and the bus exploaded.13/10 would get into jail for 2nd degree manslaughter again."
,Recommended,225540,19497996,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Nicolas,"Well , i have an AMD , game lags a bit but im in love with this game . I finished the story and that felt like i finished 0.5% of the game. This is my game of the year 2015 . (also infinite c4 made rico unstoppable)"
76561198034851198,Recommended,225540,19659261,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Leo,Gave me BSOD
,Recommended,225540,19660376,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,| CARR |,"I absolutely love this game. I'm too busy playing it to write a proper review, so I'm just going to say: get it now."
76561198219067104,Recommended,225540,19660597,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,bigdaddy,"Bad storyline and repetitive gameplay, but great for anyone who loves a massive openworld sandbox with incredible visuals and lots of creative/twisted things you can do with your grapple"
,Recommended,225540,19644843,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Glamdring,"When I first tried this game on my computer with a R9 390X it crashed multiple times and there was huge parts of the world that didn't render right. I would could see through entire mountains and couldn't make out things in the background. All around it looked and functioned terribly, even though the R9 390X wasn't even breaking a sweat with this game.I switched over to my second computer with a GTX 970 and it has been working perfectly, however there are still some of the game issues unrelated to the graphics that can cause crashes.Can' trecommend or not recommend yet since I'm only in the begning of the game, but I feel bad for people with AMD crads giving them problems. If I only had the R9 390X card I'd be pretty upset right now."
,Recommended,225540,19636993,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TheZackinator,EXPLOSIONS
76561198112213357,Recommended,225540,19637148,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Aidan_bb,"Great game but a lot of frame issues. Poorly optimized, hope it will be fixed"
,Recommended,225540,19434480,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Xrisis,"Most of the time, it feels like I'm playing the game in slow motion. Tons of weird bugs and interface problems. It's like 90% to being an awesome game. Some of the mechanics like retracting tethers make taking out enemies a ton of fun.Give it a month or two for the bugs to get worked out. Then it'll be a no-brainer buy.UPDATE: After settings all the graphics settings to low, the game started running a lot better. Things still blow up at the slightest touch, but it's always funny. Get it."
76561198074621865,Recommended,225540,19637772,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,krafty,Had a lot of fun with Just Cause 2 and was excited to see a new version. This game delivers! It's the prefect game for me: open world physics sandbox with beautiful visuals and tons of explosions. 16 hours in and still on the first small island. There is a lot of gameplay here! I know there have been some poor reviews for technical issues but I've only seen minor visual glitches. My only complaint is a flicker that comes and goes that seems to be related to global illumination. I'm running a EVGA GTX 970 on a i7 2600k with 16gb memory.
76561198056648996,Recommended,225540,19664181,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Richard Nixon Goin Brazy,"I dont undertsand all of hate. he game works fine for me. I have not experienced a single crash, bug or glitch in all my time playing the game and i am running in on max settings.I love every bit of this game and i fully recommend it"
76561198131490875,Recommended,225540,19666659,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ben.Atkinson,i have completed the game a couple days ago now and i have got to say its amazing. i was a huge just cause 2 fan and this game makes that look thike rubbish because it is so good. i would advise people to get this game and its deffinitly worth it.
76561198053038231,Not Recommended,225540,19666744,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,RedDeadRedneck,poop
76561198068876824,Recommended,225540,19667145,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,no1schmo,"Just Cause 3 is basically what you expect it to be, both the good and the bad. If you want a big sandbox world with lots of stuff to destroy and a lot of rocket launches, grenade launchers, and armed vehicles to destroy it with, get this game. If you want an ope nworld game where you can quickly and easily travel anywhere and attack from any angle, even vertically, this is your game, thanks to it's trademark infinite parachute+grappling hook combo (now with wingsuit to boot). If you even want a game where you can fight with a unique style, instead of shooting everything in the head, this is a great game, as the grappling hook can now be used to tether anything or anyone to the ground or a building and then reeled at break-neck speed.However, for your own sake, understand that there is NO story here; no side-stories, no sub-stories, not even interesting characters. The side quests of this game consist of completely random races and events, or ""liberating"" towns and bases by blowing up everything marked in red (satellite dishes, fuel tanks, electric transformers, etc). It's even worse than Far Cry in this respect, which at least had flavor good flavor text and some memorable characters. Outside of Minecraft, this is the de facto sandbox game; hardly any lore, stories, not even much dialogue, no particular atmosphere, it's just you, some guns, some gadgets, a million enemies and ten thousand targets. It was fun while it lasted, it really was, but it doesn't feel like the kind of game I would ever play again. There's lots of meat, but little in the way of seasonings, sides, sauce, or good company to go along with it, just a slab of beef.Minor gripes; they changed the main character's face, his accent, and his history to make this ""story"" more personal to Rico, like anyone cares. Nothing is done with this, it doesn't lead anywhere, it's just kind of distracting at first. The gun play is still iffy, but at least they allow you to carry a long gun as well as a rocket launcher, and they give you remote explosives as well, a bottleneck the last game really forced on you. And they trimmed down, yes down, the RPG aspects of the previous games; no money, no way to improve your health, no way to improve your favorite guns and vehicles. There ARE some things to unlock, but instead of earning them as a reward for exploring, you get them from doing all the meaningless races and shooting ranges. Exploring will earn you a few vehicles and weapons, but whenver you free an area, all collectibles are just marked on the map (and there is a tiny fraction the number in the last game). Chaos is still tracked, but as far as I can tell, it's irrelevant, or you need so little that it hardly matters. None of these are major knocks to the game, in fact the additional guns are a boon, but it really does make it feel like, wow, this is bare-bones. I used the same long gun for entire game, outside of the tutorial. I had different side arms, but I never, ever, ever used them. They set up the story like it's supposed to be emotionally jarring for Rico, but nah, it doesn't matter. Basically, if I could take the improved grappling hook and ability to carry more weapons back into Just Cause 2, I would, and just play that."
76561198265162311,Recommended,225540,19725236,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,moodh2011,the game is very slow.. i don't what the problem??is it because Windows 10??sameone help me please
,Recommended,225540,19723557,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,"Stormageddon, dark lord of all","The game is fun! However, AMD users beware, i had to stay on catalyst so that the game would not crash after 5 seconds. Also, no crossfire support at all (if you try to force it in the drivers lighting will be completly screwed up!)Once I got the game running it soon became my favorite game ( loading times are horrible though)"
,Recommended,225540,19723663,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,SudookieDeath,"If you try to run this game on a potato, it will soon be mashed. Im running it maxed out with absolutely zero issues so far on a GTX 780 with an AMD 8320 8c and 16 gigs of ram. By no means a high end build in comparison to what is on the market now.  So i dont really understand a lot of the hate about poor optimization. As far as gameplay goes, if you have the skill to look cool, its gratifying. This game definately takes some getting used to though. I played a miniscule amount of Just Cause 2 but have caught on pretty quickly to the concept of Just Cause. Blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. If youre looking for diverse combat this game isnt for you. Just imagine it as a summer blockbuster. Its a hell of a ride, but there are no thought ptovoking moments like youll find in the witcher."
76561197999534455,Not Recommended,225540,19652573,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,psycho13,"Very boring and repetitive, tries to be funny and fails miserably. So bad it's bad.I enjoyed wingsuiting and the destruction challenges, but it's not enough. You can destroy a lot of stuff(if you like that, try RedFaction Guerilla), but the bases and towns are all the same. Max 15 hours of your life(I played it for 70 because I have no life).And for the love of God, why do cutscenes always end with Rico posing into the sunset(?!)"
76561197970834575,Not Recommended,225540,19651821,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,KnackeredOldGit,"If you like Just Cause 2, this is more of the same and it might be just as enjoyable if it worked.  I pre-ordered, my system easlily meets the specs but if you have an AMD card, don't buy this until the patch is released.  The graphics are completely broken, so the game's almost unplayable.  You can be flying low in a jet and crash into a mountain that you can't see because it's not rendered. Get a good line of sight with a sniper rifle, and your bullet hits an invisible piece of ground. 2 weeks and still no sign of a fix for something so fundamentally broken with the game - steer well clear."
,Not Recommended,225540,19641415,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Ben,Doesn't run
76561198036369059,Recommended,225540,19646316,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,theSlyFox,I loved Just Cause 2 and used to play it alot and I found out Just Cause 3 was on it's way I flipped. It's easily one of my most loved games.
,Not Recommended,225540,19587324,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,KNACK IS BACK,"This game is absolutely amazing. This is without a doubt my favourite game thats come out in along time, beating out even GTA5.However, the performance of this game on AMD cards is horrible, and fps drops almost seem random, so I can't reccomend a game that barely runs. Nvidia users may have better luck, but for those who like me, picked AMD as our GPU manufacturer, stay away until there is enough work done. I'll edit this once I can reccomend the game."
,Not Recommended,225540,19657464,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,jonapod,"So dissapointing..JC2 was epic, fun and smooth.JC3? - random crashes, textures dissapearing, stuttering, no SLI.. on and on it goes..I've given up playing until they release a patch...and all this, for only $60!"
76561198042296378,Not Recommended,225540,19657529,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ChrisAKAPiefish,"*Sigh* I was really really looking forward to this game and it's not a bad game by any means. The problem with this game is that it is basically Just Cause 2 but with less. The map is big but somehow doesn't feel as big as JC2, possibly cause there's no variation in areas and it doesn't seem to have as many locations as Panau did.The rebel drop system is much better than it was in JC2, multiple hookshots are nice but the fact that most of the fun items are hidden behind boring mundane challenges sucks. The story is pretty poor, funny at moments but really lazy.There is just nothing in Just Cause 3 that would make me reccommend it over Just Cause 2. This isn't even taking into account the numerous performance issues."
76561198122552128,Not Recommended,225540,19658588,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,hugobozzini20,I thought it was a joke when people said this game has horrible problems. Unfortunately it's no joke... I can't believe they released the game in such a poor state! i cant even get past the first mission without a crash! Cant wait for my refund!
76561198087390554,Recommended,225540,19604162,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,joostvep,Explosions! :D
76561198040900495,Recommended,225540,19604741,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,KristoferHen,I just love this game! You can do ANYTING in this game.
,Recommended,225540,19605349,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,z0diAk,"This game is good in everyway.> The main character is an absolute badass.> Everywhere where your eyes can see you can go there.> It has beautiful grafics.>Amazing story line.and much more.HOWEVER, people who have AMD / ATI Grafics Cards (like myself) are going to have to update to the BETA Drivers to play the game without some grafical bugs.http://support.amd.com/en-us/kb-articles/Pages/latest-catalyst-windows-beta.aspxOther than that. Breath taking game. 9.5/10"
