user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,225640,9168717,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Pragmatic Tornado,"Personal opinion: Get this game instead of Sacred 3 if you're looking for an Action RPG!My first impression playing this game back in 2010 was pretty special. I started a Dryad (hey, they looked hot and I love Druids) and watched the fairly epic cinematic, after which I was placed on a beach with a kind of a mentor beside me. I guess the gods didn't smile upon him on that day though, because somehow I ended up having to tutor myself. First thing I noticed when gaining control was the graphics. One word. Wow. They are incredible, and the attention to detail is pretty much un-parallelled. Leaves being side swept, a little bird making his nest - hundreds of small things that leave you with a warm and fuzzy feeling inside. Even now in 2014, it still looks great.I still have that Dryad - but I specced her so badly that she is broken beyond repair. Ihighlyrecommend using the Sacred 2 Wiki for help with builds. There is no respec option, and if you find yourself wanting to play it all the way to Niob, your spec pretty much needs to be perfect.The sound is good as well, although the voice acting is bad. Not terribad but bad enough that you treasure the fact that only the main quests have voiced dialogue.Moving on; most of the classes in the game are innovative and fresh. Whoever saw an ancient Egyptian-inspired Anubis-like robot thingie before as a class? Packing an alien blaster along with his hammer no less. Very fresh, very fun. You diversify a bit by choosing a god and one of two campaigns (good or evil), which adds a good deal of replayability. Rather annoyed by the fact that you can't select gender for the classes though. Some years ago I never touched any female class, for some reason. Thankfully I outgrew it, or I would have missed out on half of this game.The story is fairly weak, but the focus doesn't really lie there either, as it gives you hundreds of side quests left and right. In fact there are so many, I find myself skipping half of them. Many of them are kind of like MMO quests in a sense. Very generic; a silly story behind it and mediocre rewards. But it works, somehow. In one early side quest though, you are pitted against the game's first boss. This was a pleasant surprise - as once you engage a boss monster, the camera centers on the boss and the game spits out some cool music. He took a serious pounding too, so it was a good moment.The map is gigantic; as far as I know it has the biggest world in an action RPG, ever. I have still not explored everything after well over 100 hours of play (played it on a disc version most of the time), and there are several optional bosses where you can see how good (or bad) your build is. Bosses can be incredibly punishing, but they are also a lot of fun. Keep your thumb on the spacebar.The difficulty level when playing Bronze is extremely easy the first 2-3 hours. I considered re-starting several times and selecting Silver instead. But it's gotten more challenging. This really depends on the class and spec you want to play. I have one character in Platinum; a Seraphim, and I still find the class a lot of fun. I have chosen to spec her both with Sword / Shield and Ranged (for BeeEffGee). This'll likely hurt me quite a bit if I reach Niob, but for now it works well. I like being able to change things up now and then.Multiplayer is dead, unfortunately. Seems Ascaron went and got themselves bankrupt, and was forced to shut down their US servers. EU servers still worked when I started playing it back in 2010, but I believe they are shut down as well.All in all though, great game. Sort of a diamond in the rough but if you can see past some bugs, crashes and general hiccups, you may find yourself in love with this game, like me. I've played it for about 120 hours; I am on my third version of the game now, and after experiencing just one in-game crash in 14 hours of playing, I can finally, after many years, recommend this game. On the previous versions it probably crashed between 2-300 times in 100 hours of playing.Since I wrote the review the game has crashed 7 times in 28 hours of play. Still not too bad, considering I've had PhysX enabled all that time."
,Recommended,225640,10034650,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,CrazyNando,"This is my favorite action role playing game! A huge map to explore with various landscapes and many hidden places. There are 7 different classes with different ways to skill. But the most addictive part for me is the hunt for massive loot... set armors, unique weapons and random roled rare items.But its highly recommended to install the latest Community Patch. It brings  more content and is fixing some of never solved bugs by the bankrupt vendor.Negative points are tricky camera handling and the very instable source code. Its often crashes because of memory leak.Multiplayer is only possible with LAN mode. If you want to play online use VPN tools like Tunngle.If you like ARPG's like Diablo combined with a large open world so go for it!8.5 of 10 points!"
,Recommended,225640,12681331,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Crazy Alchemy,"There is endless stuff to do, quests everywhere, loot everywhere, levels up and powers and BLIND GUARDIAN god I love this game.That Said, WINDOWS 8 PLAYERS READ THIS.If it won't run you may need to set compatibility settings.So go to\Steam\steamapps\common\Sacred 2 Gold\systemThen right click Sacred2.exe and click compatibility.Select Windows XP Service Pack 3 compatibility settingsCheck ""Run this program as an administrator""Apply then restart your computer. Easy Peasy."
76561198052211938,Recommended,225640,12538172,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Oblite_Oath,"Longevity. An incredibly huge map, which would take one hours to come close to uncovering, aswell as being a free roaming game(Thus, you won't be confined to a specific route).An excellent variation & customisation in armour and weapons.More than 200 levels for each character to grind, along with skills and attributes that make each and every character Unique.The difficulty level can be raised to such a standard, if one dies, it means you DIE and will not be able to play the character any more.Very unofrgiving, Which makes surviving so incredibly sweet.Overall, 9/10.There's only one thing I don't like about this, Not being able to see more. A limited viewing range. Somewhat of a half arsed camera. Though, That's just me.Anyone else should give this a 10/10."
,Recommended,225640,11042689,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,F0l2saken,"Sacred 2 gold is an amazing game.   If you purchase t his game, you should make sure that you search for, and download the community patch.   You can also download a community addon patch, and there are some other mods out there.   I'd also highly recommend taking a look at the sacred 2 characters, their skills, and possibly  some guides on how to build them.    You can play through with any character in this game, but if you build them wrong, you will pay for it at higher difficulty levels.This is a very good action RPG/Hack N Slash.   It is a huge, beautiful, open ended world.   The graphics are incredible if you turn the settings to maximum.   The world is a living breathing world, like other reviewers have said, there are lots of small things like birds building nests, people talking to each other in towns,  etc in the game that make it feel alive.   If you have a Nvidia card with physx (however it is spelled), leaves will blow around and react to your spells.   This happens in all environments like in dungeons.Ignore the warning about not being optimized for WIndows 7 PCs.   IF you google Sacred 2 crashing windows PC, you'll get a guide on how to create a shortcut that has a few command line options enabled, while also changing the shortcut to run the game in windows xp SP3 compatibility mode.   If you do that you should be fine.   The game also frequently auto saves when you teleport or change areas, so in the even of a crash, just load the game back up and you'll be right where you left off.If you have played this game on a console and are wondering if its worth purchasing on the PC, the answer is yes.  The expansion pack is included in this PC version, and with the community patch you can unlock Christmas island.   You also get a carrier imp included with the gold package which helps store extra inventory.If you download Tunngle beta (Free) you can play this with your friends CO-Op.Endless loot, endless enemies, endless hack n slash action RPG adventure goodness.  What are you waiting for!"
,Recommended,225640,15620978,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Theyrvalls,"One of the best RPGs you can get your hands on - it absolutely can compete with genre kings like Diablo II.- Different classes with different play styles and a huge variety of unlockable skills in diversified skill trees - millions of possibilities to level up you char- A beautiful, varying and truely spacious world with an uncountable amount of main and side quests. And easter eggs. And easter egg quests- A story not taking itself too serious, a good sense of humour- Neat graphics and decent soundscape. WoW graphics in 2015 is still stone age compared to Sacred 2 back in 2008- multiplayable! Play cooperatively via the internet thingy, or head over to your partner and revive the good old LAN daysOk, if you havent figured out the resumé yet: Sacred 2's definitely a must-have when it comes to RPGs!"
,Recommended,225640,13156286,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,TingLey,"Forget about Sacred 3, All you need is here"
,Recommended,225640,19002526,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Kiivi,"I can't stop admiring this game. There is something with it, those graphics are so relaxing.When i need a break i'm playing this game and enjoying the beautiful environment.Edit: Now i'm playing this game at 4k resolution. It's the most beautiful thing ever."
76561198073498868,Recommended,225640,7441326,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Talana,"It finally works on PC !! Whoopee !!!There are way more to Sacred 2 than ""Hack&Slash"" action/rpg !When the game first hit the shelves , I bought one copy for PS3, - and I`ve played it for countless hours. Then I bought a copy for PC that did not work, no matter what we tried.The reason why I want it on PC too, is that the DLC`s never made it to PS3.So when I noticed Steams version, I could not wait to buy it again ! And now it works , and I am one happy gamer girl !And I am certainly not alone.I like my games to have strategy, stories, great character-development, humour,surprises, to have puzzles , be addictive, and to keep me occupied for hours and weeks - and months . The stories in Sacred may be a bit thin, but they are there , and all the other elements I mentioned are there 100% ! :)I want to mention a beloved detail ; I can buy my characters new stuff and dress them up in the weirdest colourful outfits, and new cool weapons whenever I want to - The choises are close to limitless! I don`t know about you all, but I love shopping and finding stuff ;) :) :)(My favourite weapon is the blowpipe - I really wish other characters could use it besides the Dryad. It is not a very strong weapon - but ut is superfast, and you don`t have to aim . And the skill to shoot several targets at once is perfect ! )- one thing about this game,  keep in mind that a lot of people have problems getting it to work. There are several topics about how to fix it in the forums, though.I never had problems myself, - but I still prefer to play it on PS3. Mainly because of the controls - I am used to the PS3 controller.Like I said -  I bought it on Steam because PS3 do not have the DLC`s.Why it says I have not played the game for very long. I have actually played it for thousands of hours , just not on PC - this gameworld is Huge :wsma_happy:Take a look at the gameplay :http://youtu.be/-P6pl05UfGc"
,Recommended,225640,12674881,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,MadMarkPhx,"9.9/10 A HUGE world with quirky comedy, killer combat and EPIC quests. Detailed, deep, min/max-ing doable but not necessary. This is ""The Skyrim"" of Hack 'n Slash games. Champions of Norrath on steroids. FAR better than Diablo 2 and 3 in my opinion. For $20 it is a STEAL. Love it. I took .1 points off for crashing 3 times in 350 hours.Also I bought a new rig for this game because the GPU requirements were too much for my 2.4Ghz I3/ 9800GT gpu.I am running a 3.4ghz I-9 and the newish Nvidia GTX 750ti EVGA -OC- SC. All settings CRANKED with an HD resolutions pack and never dips below 60FPS.Best $1400 I have ever spent, this game is gorgeous when you can use all of the avaiable graphics.Just buy it and play it and love it.P.S. Sacred 3 was an insult to ALL gamers and should have NEVER been made !!!"
76561198012151523,Recommended,225640,19891426,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,JLSigman,"This is one of those games that is so comically awful it's great. The music is forgettable, the plot makes no sense, and the voice acting is some of the worst I've ever heard.However, it's also a ton of fun. There are a ridiculous number of quests to follow, things to kill, people to talk to, gear to find, and so on. The main quest? Just there to point you in the general direction you need to go."
,Recommended,225640,12631357,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,AntiUnicorn,"So a friend recommended this game to me while, by chance, he noticed it was 80% off. Never bought a better 5$ game. I am not, or have ever been, a big fan of Diablo style games. I just kind of missed that train. But this game broke my pre-concieved ideas about it in just the first few hours.The world is pretty rich and just when I thought I was making progress on the map, I discovered I had only uncovered a dot of it. Every level, while comes slower than my personal taste, gives back benefits you can see each time, rather than a ton of levels all the time with hardly anything to show for each one. Another one of the games strong points is customization. Oh man the customization. It's not as intimidating as 'Path of Exile' (a Diablo-style game I tried), though a tad confusing at first. Even with reading up I still had that ""trash first character"" with my points being in places that were less than helpful. The 'runes' you get to increase your skills are pretty abundant as well, but not always with the ones you need, which can be solved by trading in 1-4 runes of any kind to pick the one you want, increasing your power at a good pace (for a small fee). Combine all that with a rich world, much like Skyrim, open and with entirely too much to do, with so much exploring to do, and you've got a game that will have your style of play, with the story and pacing that you want.However the game's not perfect. Some annoying things like having to drop items and pick them back up to stack them, certain moves having a hard time targeting an enemy making you dance in place until you find that sweet spot, and not having a very clear chart of where your stats are coming from (though it does list which ones you have, just not if it's on your gear, temporary effect, etc). But if you aren't terribly anal about little bumps in the road, it's a great game to buy.8.5/10, just a step bellow 9 for the minor issues."
,Recommended,225640,16048990,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Bronze Key,"This is probably my all-time favorite Isometric loot Pinata Action RPG (i.e ""Diablo clone"" - you can see now why most people prefer that term).   Set in a huge, beautiful Elder Scrolls-like open world, it is immediately set apart from its contemporaries in other ways as well - some good, some bad, some simply arbitrary.The Good - The character customization/development is second to none compared to others in the genre, the loot/gear is extensive (the armor sets look incredible for the most part) and the art style is impeccable.  The world is varied and interesting, really a joy to explore as it is handcrafted with all kinds of cool side areas and vignettes waiting to be discovered.As far as I know this is the only game in its genre to have mounts, and they are badass.  Starting off, every class has access to various types of horse, but soon can acquire unique class mounts (like the Seraphim's Tiger or the Dryad's Lizard) and later several advanced horse-types (flaming horse, unicorn, war horse) to ride and fight on.  Did I say fight on? Yes - this game has mounted combat and it's really not much different from the usual bipedal mob-mowing method. In fact, my shadow warrior fights exclusively on his Hellhound (while in the overworld, at least - in dungeons and other subterranean locales you have to hoof it the old fashioned way)The Bad - It suffers in a few areas that may matter more to others than myself - such as the writing - and although many quests are genuinely interesting, no one reads text any more. The actual ""plot"" is fairly abysmal and sparse but hey, this is a Diablo clone - we just want to click and kill and get loot.  Many game mechanics are not explained properly in-game so research or an experienced friend are recommended.The ""Could go Either Way"" - While the classes are, as always, unique and cool - they are still gender locked (as Sacred 1 was).  I personally hate this approach to class design but I put up with it because these games are so damned great.  The classes aren't as appealing to me as Sacred's were (where's the vampiress? she was awesome)  Also the voice work is inconsistent - but that is merely a minor complaint.  The game is a bit ""old school"" with a lack of respec and the ability to totally bork your character development, so lots of rerolls are in store for a new player.The usual Diablo-type mechanics are also thrown a bit on their heads in some cases, which may discomfort those taking the 'clone' portion of the genre name for granted.  There are no skill trees, but a set of skills you can learn from a pool (and put points into every level, up to 200 or so i think) that provide passive bonuses.  This is the open-ended aspect of character development here, taking a cue from the elder scrolls series; which skills you select and level shape your toon's flavor.The ""active' skills, called Combat Arts or CAs; come as runes, loot that drops from enemies that you can 'eat' to improve each one's power. They can range from healing spells to gap closers to AOE attacks, etc. All the usual abilities we are accustomed to in ARPGs.  Like sacred 1, eating lots of runes increases not only their power but their cooldown time as well (which can be countered in many ways including the aforementioned skills) so there is a balancing game with power vs spammability.  Path of Exile took a version of this concept for use in their gem-based skill system, highlighting Sacred's influence and innovation.The Lowdown - Although the multiplayer servers were shut down, one can still play through a tunnelling service such as hamachi or Tunngle and I suggest someone try to utilize these as I'm looking for people to play with!  Despite its age I still feel like the graphics are among best in class for the Diablo Clone/loot ARPG genre.  The soundtrack (done by the band Blind Guardian) is a bit different for the genre - a power metal vibe to it, also giving you gentle pastoral pieces that help keep the fantasy cohesion intact.  Also each character class has its own flavor of battle music!  There are so many little details- evidence of the developer love that was put into this game - that it breaks my heart it never caught on as much as some other, less-deserving titles have.Also to note - for some reason, the screenshots in the steam store page are all stretched-out looking and strange.  The game looks way better than that in motion lol.  I recommend the community patch (now v.0105 or something) and the camera mod if that is not already included, but otherwise I use no other mods."
76561198083375450,Recommended,225640,14122201,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,AussieGamer47,"Sacred 2 is one big GAME! I'm telling you, if you like big games with tons and i mean tons of quests and exploration then this game is for you :) I spent 90 hours on my ps3 playthrough and only explored 35% of the map. Like, WOW! There are hundrends and i mean hundreds of quests. I'm not sure on the max player level but i got to 127 over the spand of 90 hours. The game might not be as polished as DIablo but i tell you. It is wayyy more fun. As far as the game goes it's 10/10 Don't expect anything serious because the story is crap and quests are not the greatest. But it is an amazing game."
76561198052259396,Recommended,225640,19580427,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,ソ,War it’s now or neverWe shall stand togetherOne by oneThis world is sacred
76561198019543617,Recommended,225640,16251373,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,GEM,"Let me say that I am not a ""main quest"" type of player. I love to wander. I love to explore. I love to be able to experiment with character skills without feeling like I have totally stuffed up any chances of doing stuff later. I like freedom and carefree play. Not necessarily easy play though. I dont mind redoing hard bits or going back and leveling up some more to take on a boss.While I havent sunk alot of hours yet into Sacred 2, I can already see that it is my type of game. Think of TitanQuest or Diablo meets Skyrim. We're talking a wide world to explore.Now, the graphics are certainly dated these days and there are some glinches.But as a casual ARPG, this has a lot to offer. I am no gaming expert or pro. I have sunk 100+ hrs in Titan Quest and am lvl 55+ on Skyrim. I suspect I will sink even more in Sacred 2. Well worth the cheap price (I got it on sale - and it is regularly on sale)."
,Recommended,225640,14846840,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Angrytiger,"When the point-and-click genre finds itself bereft of recent hits, Sacred 2 is a breath of fresh air, albeit with the slightest of bad odors..By no means is it a perfect game. It's got a painfully complex UI that will probably be confusing to you for the first 5 or so hours, especially as you unlock whatever skill/items go in whatever slot and you're like ""oh, so THAT'S what that was for...""That said, it's a competent isometric along the same lines as Titan Quest, the Diablo franchise, Path of Exile, etc. Actually, let's just say Titan Quest, because realistically, this game is NOT a skill-spamming, screen-exploding, 24/7 fireworks-esque carnagefest like Diablo. Most of your actual fighting is with the weapons of the game, with skills supplementing rather than replacing it. Much like Diablo 3, Sacred 2 shrugs off convoluted skill trees with skills that grow redundant over time; instead, it adds in secondary effects that can tweak your skills. Depending on your class selection (of which there's 6, or rather 7 as if you're reading this you'll get the expansion if you buy via steam), you get a fairly normal spread of buffs, debuffs, single-target and AoE skills to use.Or rather... okay, rewind a bit. You acquire ""Combat Arts"". This is what the game calls skills/spells/whatever. These are your on-call abilities for damage, utility, and defensive purposes. Unlike most other RPGs, Sacred 2 doesn't have mana, or energy, or what have you; instead, each Combat Art has its own unique cooldown, with a small global cooldown for all abilities on top of that. This means you can theoretically use the same CA all game, if you felt so inclined, with the only limit on casting being its cooldown. Cooldown is affected by factors such as armor weight, with the heaviest armor reducing CA cooldowns, and lighter, more... breathable caster-oriented gear actually giving you a cooldown DECREASE; specific stats reducing cooldown that is an affix/prefix to gear; through points into the Stamina stat; or through the use of relevant skills.Now ""Skills"", as Sacred 2 views them, are actually a series of passive buffs that have their own progression (no having to wonder whether to give yourself +stat or more damage for that one spell you like). This is one of those convoluted systems I mentioned. See, you get this page full of assignable skills (assigned to get their effects, mind you, no other interaction required). They do all sorts of stuff -- buff damage with certain weapon types, increase status effect chance, gain new gameplay aspects (smith your own stuff out in the field, see what items will cost without having to be at a merchant, ride better horses (yes, there's mounts, and the world is huge so it's kind of necessary)). Think of these as perks, in a sense, with most being passive buffs, but a few unlocking key features -- everything from the utility skill Alchemy letting you use one-time temporary buff items, or the weapon specific Magic Staff skill giving you the ability to fire ranged magic attacks (without at least one level of this skill, you'll just bash enemies over the head with the staff, no matter how magical your character actually is). There's a set limit to the number of skills you can choose (note that Combat Arts are separate, and you could theoretically level EVERY CA if you wanted).Skills also, in addition to these catch-all generics, contain class-specific skills that buff one Combat Art Tree or another (of which classes have 3) with damage, duration, cooldown, and so on. It isn't just raw buffs, however -- you need these CA skills to level your individual Combat Arts (if you've played Titan Quest or Grim Dawn, just think about how you need to consciously level up your Mastery to unlock skills). And Combat Arts are actually acquired in a really roundabout way -- rather than 95% of other ARPGs, you don't gain points to distribute upon leveling up; instead, you have to find Runes, consume-on-use items that increase your Combat Arts by one point. Let me emphasize -- there is no such thing as ""end-game"" CAs, because you could feasibly find ANY CA as a rune at any one time. Unfortunately, you can only level CAs so far before needing -- you guessed it -- points in the Skill for that Combat Art -- still with me? Also, you have to have self-control, because leveling increases EVERYTHING about the CA, including cooldown timer. So you might quickly find yourself pouring runes into a skill, then realize you're missing the cooldown-reduction, late-game gear, or points in the Combat Art's governing skills, that would make using it at that level feasible.The aforementioned CA modifications are actually a binary system, where you have three points of upgrade for each Combat Art. Once you put a certain amount of points into the Skill governing that Combat Art's tree, you get an option to upgrade one of your 'discovered' Combat Arts. This modification is usually a choice between something like damage vs. status. It's not a huge difference, but its effect stacks with the baseline increases of leveling that Combat Art via runes, and offers some degree of customization.On level up, in addition to a few skill points (and a new skill slot unlocked every few levels per a set formula), you get to choose from 6 stats to put a point in. I'm not gonna run them all down (as review space is precious), but it ranges from health and health regen out-of-battle (Vitality) to chance to hit (Dexterity) to cooldown for Combat Arts (Stamina). Fairly normal RPG spread, really.Equipment-wise, the game is pretty generous. You've got a full spread of torso, legs, feet, arms, shoulders, and more; varying amounts of rings and necklaces (per character class); a few unique things like ""Batteries"" for the Temple Guardian (basically a cybernetic Anubis sort of robot thing). There are a LOT of places to fill on the inventory screen. On the High Elf I'm playing right now, alone, I've got 4 rings, 2 amulets, torso, legs, feet, arms, hands, shoulders, and I'm pretty sure I'm missing some without opening the game to look. It's crazy, really.All that said, there are downfalls to the game. Its graphical interface is, as mentioned, clunky, not to mention has very odd choices (transparencies everywhere, lots of ill-defined edges on UI elements, etc.) Animations are... okay, but not anything to drop your jaw at. Same thing with general appearance -- it looks fine, but it's not an eye-candy sort of game. The earliest few hours, on top of overloading you with stats and numbers and mechanics, will also be very slow, as a lack of skill variety (until you find the appropriate runes, of course) and a painfully-slow movement speed before you start getting mounts will make the game a tiring slog.And boy, howdy, is the voicework friggin' painful. The game does NOT take itself too seriously outside of the specific story arc, so you've got stuff like enemies going ""Arrrggh! I was... just an... extra..."" or 'pirate' enemies going ""I guess you weren't such a landlubber after all..."" Your character spews an unhealthy amount of lines, ranging from generic hero stuff (""You would dare hit a High Elf?"") to... 4th-wall breaking stuff (""Ugh, can we remove animals from the spawn table, please?"") Very fortunately, an option in the menu enables drastically, or even completely, reducing this commentary (that's even what the menu calls it), so that's an option if it gets a bit much for you.Besides the general usability of the game, though, the multi-tiered depth of character-building is a great change of pace from certain games that railroad your builds (-cough- Diablo 3), without forcing something like having to min/max a billion different passive buffs (-cough- Path of Exile). If nothing else, there's a demo available (if not here, then on the internet in general). Check it out, try to tolerate its rough edges, and you'll get a fairly competent and fun game, worth at least one or two replays."
,Recommended,225640,13795451,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Crusader,It has Blind Guardian in its soundtrack. Sacred Worlds is one of their greatest songs. 'Nuff said. Go buy. <3
76561198015027297,Recommended,225640,8213965,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ebrithil,Awesome game! The freedom and possibilities of customization that this game offers is unique in its kind!
,Recommended,225640,31832097,Posted: 18 May,all,Fluent,"Still the greatest ""Diablo-style"" Action RPG there is. Hundreds, maybe even thousands of hours of content if you count replaying the game (there are 600 total quests in the game, and an entirely different evil campaign you can play through as well.) The game is massive. You explore a huge, enormous open-world with many different biomes, things to see and find and enemies to slay. You'll occasionally run into totally optional, hidden bosses, like a giant dragon in its lair that you just happened to stumble upon by exploring some hard to reach place. You can take your characters to level 200 and it will take you several playthroughs of the game as there are several difficulty levels, each adding not only to the challenge but to the loot quality as well. The character customization is just silly. There's so much loot and so many ways you can customize your characters that you can spend a lifetime just building different unique characters. It's just about as epic of an ARPG as you can get. While the Diablo series is great in its own right, this takes that style of game and throws it in a ginormous open-world with even more customization than the Diablo series has, and it's not as dark (more of a high fantasy style). I like Diablo 3 but this game is way more open, way more freeform and is a game you can actually get lost in.So yeah, it's good. I would actually recommend the Xbox 360 version for the fact it has local co-op, but this version has the expansion which sadly never made it to console. If you're into action RPGs at all you should really play this one."
76561198001224991,Recommended,225640,25682653,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Phosphorcracker,"Sacred 2 is a worthy succesor to Sacred.Things I liked about the game:+ its sacred 2+ nice graphics+ a fair amount of viable builds / diversity+ trashing tons of mobs for loot+ large world, scaling mobs in endgame make it possible to grind your gear in any area+ tough as nuts highest difficultyNeutral noteworthy things:- There is a multiplayer, I personally find it quite hard to have fun with this game in multiplayer. Iam not a fan of pvp and questing with friends is hard to coordinate and usually ends in chaos and frustration. Everyone has this one friend that needs 60 minutes to distribute 1 skill point on lvl 5, that friend that listens and reads every tiny bit of every quest. That one friend thats always randomly afk etc.Things i didnt like:- crashes and the endless search for a fix- this asspull atempt of a story 1/10 they tried- some builds / mechanic abuseAll the points the negative reviews list can be easily fixed by the user in the end except for the instability some users have. I personally do crash every 1 or 2 hours but on a bright side this does keep me from playing all day.I dont know how people get the idea that an Action RPG/hack and slash needs to define itself with superb story or lore. I like both sacred for their somehow very satisfying way of slaughtering tons of mobs and gettin rad loot. The combat mechanics work flawless for close combat. Ranged combat has some slight issues with terrain sometimes. shots getting blocked by hills, props whatever and some mobs have such a huge movement in their attack animation that they evade shots. Those are little flaws that dont matter too much since sacred is so smooth and fluent in its combat that it doesnt matter if a few shots miss or you misscast your spell out of bounds by accident.I dont say its impossible to put a good story into a hack and slay game, I am saying that a hack and slay game can be fun and entertaining even without any story.Now a list of issues other user describe and my thoughts:- game is too easy / outleveling quest areas: If you are seeking the challenge the game has to offer skip all guides and start your character in silver difficulty. Even if you do every sidequest there is its nearly impossible to outlevel silver before you have done every quest there is. If you happen to stumble upon really broken stuff like the BeeEffGee build just dont do it.- buggy quests: yes, there are some quests that dont function well or at all but so what ? there are hundreds of quests and for the density of actual content its impressive how few quests are actually bugged. Also quests do give exciting rewards like set items. In fact with the Bargaining skill at 75 quests are well worth your time in higher difficulties IMO.- boring story / lore: yep, lets be honest nobody plays this game for its quality story. If you are interested in a good told story go read a book or play some games that are actually made for that. If you dig deep and actually read the books that drop every now and then you see the effort of immersion or lore and sometimes its even slightly interesting to read. Just because Sacred isnt based on a 100 bands thick story like Warcraft it isnt automatically bad.- it doesnt bring the same charm as Sacred (the first one): well nostalgia can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I personally like both games. They are similar and I feel like Sacred 2 is in fact the better game concept wise. You have more diversion in your class. And I feel its not so punishing as the first for going trololo and skilling whatever. I however feel the Sacred genes.- hard to controll camera: yes the camera can be a nightmare but by fiddeling with the options you can live with it quite easily. Just disable follow camera and collision and you are good to go. Just use the rotation keys to keep the boss centric bossfights so that the boss is north of you and you wont have problems with movement or attacking.- progress loss by crashes / corruption: I dont see the problem here. The game has the option to bind save game. Just put it somewhere comfy and hit it every now and then. Never lost more than maybe 10 minutes. I always save after finding an item id like to keep, saveing the game doesnt interrupt the game at all. Atleast for me with the game on a SSD might be different on HDDs. It never ever happened to me to corrupt a savefile. Even if you fear corruption its easy to create a backup every now and then.TL:DR Sacred 2 is a good arpg with alot weighting on hack n slash. The story would be better off missing completely than this sorry attempt. Its still a good Sacred and its fun to build and play diverse characters. I can definitively recommend it to somewhat openminded Sacred fans. If you want it to be a Sacred clone with better graphics you are bound to be dissappointed.WARNING: Some people have so many issues with this game they cant even get it to launch at all. All I needed to do was making it run as admin, with XP servicepack 3 and the parameters -skipopenal -nocpubinding."
,Recommended,225640,32564756,Posted: 19 June,all,beggarsbanquet,"Hack. Slash. Grab loot. Repeat. A action-first RPG many have compared to Diablo, and in many ways the two are alike.Our hero must walk through a world, with a fague understanding of a main story, while being handed some of the most demeaning and useless jobs from people that think a person in full plate has time to go rescue your kitten from a zombie infested graveyard. But you do it, because you need experience, you need better gear, you need gold for that mount.A mount... did I mention the amount of walking you do here? The map is pretty large and there are packs of baddies every 10 feet; Hack. Slash. Grab loot. Repeat. So when it comes to boredom, there are so many quests on your  map there is no way you aren't hoarding exp and gold and dropped loot enough for a village. Luckily, there is a great sense of humor behind most of the conversations.There isn't much of a tutorial in the game, so you are required to figure out the controls on your own. I found a few pretty useful explainations of the character classes online. But all in all... its Hack. Slash. Grab loot. Repeat. Luckily, I enjoyed table top Dungeons and Dragons as a kid.Enjoy."
,Recommended,225640,16709204,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,M1PY,"I played this game a hell lot before it was on steam and recently bought the gold edition during the sale and enjoyed it once more. If you are burned out from other Action RPG games such as Diablo 3, this game will definitely be fun for you. I recommend getting the community patch to fix some crucial bugs as this game is not supported by the developer anymore. Online gameplay has been taken down some years ago aswell, but LAN is still possible obviously.However, if you reach level 50+ in this game (usually by the time you finish the campaign for the first time on silver difficulty), xp gain really slows down a hell lot, so I recommend tweaking balance.txt xp gain by x10 multiplier to keep the game somewhat motivating.Other than that it's a well designed game, the classes are very different from each other and deliver extremly solid character development and the loot system is very rewarding and motivating, even if the sets don't change from level 15 to 200 (max) they just gain higher stats which makes a 2nd, respectively third playthrough rather obsolete. The sound / voice acting in this game is brilliant and the enemies have some humourous / hillarious lines whenever you encounter / beat them. The heroes itself have witty and cheesy lines upon accepting quests / defeating bosses / hordes of mobs.Although the quests are as simple as they could be (fetch me X of Y, go talk to Z) and the story being basically only a plot device to advance through the land, the world is very big and you can explore a hell lot of content.I do recommend buying this game, if you want a fun timesink and like tinkering around with builds and combat arts (plenty of them available)."
76561198131739989,Recommended,225640,19357519,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ShmapplePie,"Installing and running this game takes a little bit of tweaking as it will not run with later versions of PhysX. It's simple though, uninstall PhysX in Control Panel>Add/Remove Programs, then use the PhysX install file which is in the game folder, or download legacy drivers from Nvidia.I also have it running in WinXP SP3 mode, though I did this before reconfiguring PhysX so not sure if necessary.**The camera on default settings is annoying! Others have pointed this out but it's easy fixed. It moves for you at the worst angles. Don't worry though, three clicks in settings under Camera (untick them all) and you can control the camera angle yourself using A and D keys, and mouse wheel to zoom.Having said that, for 5 minutes of tweaking, this game is totally worth it. If you like Diablo, The Elder Scrolls, played the first Sacred or simply love RPG type ""kill, level, loot"" games, you will love this.The map is huge and free to roam at your Leisure. Everywhere you go there is something to battle and loot. You barely need to buy armour or anything because you can loot everything you need, unless buying something specific.So many hours of gameplay, side quests, main story quests, random exploration, whatever you want. Choose your character based roughly on the type of game you would like to play, for example, follow the ""light"" or ""dark"" path, choose a character based on their fighting styles, once in game the skills you give your character can complement the base skills you have or you can train something totally unique.I could go on, but, just buy it. It's cheap and with so much to do and so many ways to do it, you will get your moneys worth. I would go so far to say this game is essential for RPG lovers. Yes I would."
76561197983225082,Recommended,225640,8559659,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,baddog993,I have played this game and its ok however be aware if your color blind like me you will not be able to make out the red on red health bar. Whoever made this game decided to use some strange color choice for the health bar and I cannot make it out. So frusterating and there is no simple fix for it. Also the Co op feature is not very good at all. It does work however its still not very good. Just a heads up for color blind people like me. This is the only game I have every played where I could not see something. I would recommend this for single player and for people without being color blind. I would give it a score of 7/10
76561198055204051,Recommended,225640,31326565,Posted: 23 April,all,Maylle,Honestly wish there are more games like this instead of fps games. This has been in my top 5 favorite games since this game first came out. I own so many copies of this game for different platforms XD I highly recommend this game. I believe it is much better than Diablo <3
76561198090820782,Recommended,225640,12296972,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,shamps97,"this is a neat game. nice open world , hack and slash. heaps of places and things to see and do. nice easy controls and easy to understand. camera positionings is its only not so great feature in reguards to being able to see infront of yourself with some distance. but other then that its truely a great game"
76561198042611955,Recommended,225640,13540881,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TheRocketMan,community patch
,Recommended,225640,20505725,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Sanguine,"If you like playing isometric rpg games, you should definetely get this one.Pros:* Huge map (openworld)* Vast variety of items to loot* Multiplayer is fun to play via LAN* Interesting skill tree and combos* Nice looking character visuals and items* Lots of quests to do* Very long play time* Mounts* Two different paths for campaign (Evil or Good)Cons:* No active servers to play online* No creativity in boss fight tactics and styles* Repeatitive quests* Escort quests are pain in the a**"
76561198360114413,Recommended,225640,32377618,Posted: 12 June,all,Chokeonthis,"I remember playing this game when it first came out at the end of 2012 mainly played co-op with a friend online for 90% of my time playing it, it is definitely worth buying if you like diablo 2 or 3, and RPG's in generally, i think the voice acting is good not the best though not as bad as some of the other games i've seen/played that make you want to smash your head against the keyboard I loved the gameplay, leveling up, combat system could use a little work mainly because sometimes in certain areas instead of attacking the mob im targeting my charcter will run around or straight ahead i don't know what would be causing this but it isnt that bad it rarely happens. Loved the classes and skill trees and this game is full of side quests and with ice and blood dlc this game is actually pretty huge. For the discounted price i got it for (i think it was $3 and some change) it is definitely a win. 8.5/10 for single player 9/10 for co-op."
,Recommended,225640,24804425,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Chintellectual Imp,"Quick note for those trying to get started: Install the included legacy PhysX driver and the game will work fine. Install the Community Patch and the game will work better.I played the hell out of this game on 360 and saw no reason not to get it for PC when I made the switch. What Ascaron did with Sacred 2 was marry two of my favorite concepts: a sprawling sandbox world and tongue-in-cheek hack and slash gameplay.What's not to love? The world is massive enough to require a mount. You get a sweet mount. The combat is fun. The loot system is fun. It's not a ""gritty"" ""serious"" game -I think there are quite a few games that can satisfy those who prefer such tone.Get it. Install the Physx driver. Install the community patch. Play the hell out of it. This game is still a blast."
,Recommended,225640,22908858,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Harley,"The size and scope of the land of Ancaria is truly impressive. None of the areas are randomly generated, and the entire map (not including the numerous subterranean dungeons littered here and there) spans over 22 square miles of real-world distance. In a nutshell: it's freaking huge. Navigation in the overworld is seamless, and load times during transitions to the underground are very brief. All of the terrain is packed with detail and different regions have their own unique climates, inhabitants, and land features. Also, the characters, monsters, and other elements look excellent.Sacred 2: Fallen Angel screenshotOne of the downsides, which will likely be fixed with patches, is the game's general bugginess. There are times when the pop-up map disappeared completely, making it damn tedious to navigate. Sometimes clicking on people to speak with them had no effect whatsoever, and certain actions would yield sounds but no visual or gameplay effects. In one instance, a crucial item required to proceed in the main quest was not where it was supposed to be, making it impossible to proceed. Occasionally, the direction indicator that points to the next main object disappeared completely. Most of these issues were remedied by quitting and reloading the game, but they were a nuisance when they arose.A hack-and-slash RPG quest of massive proportion, Sacred 2 caters to the throng of players who are anxiously awaiting the eventual release of Diablo III. PC gamers who've been salivating over the prospect of the next Diablo will undoubtedly seek temporary solace in the familiar gameplay found in Sacred 2 and be willing to turn a blind eye to the title's annoying bugs and occasionally repetitious play mechanics just to get their fix. Indeed, overlook the few minor irritating aspects of the game, and you'll find Sacred 2 to be surprisingly enjoyable.RATING OUT OF 5RATING DESCRIPTIONGraphicsIt's generally a beautiful world to explore.3.8ControlIncessant clicking is still a winning yet repetitive formula.3.7Music / Sound FX / Voice ActingFunny dialogue. A cool fantasy/metal soundtrack is provided by German metal band Blind Guardian who also makes an appearance in the game.4.0Play ValueThough repetition does eventually set in, there's a huge world to explore and plenty of reasons to stick with it in the long haul.4.8Overall Rating - GoodNot an average. See Rating legend above for a final score breakdown.Game Features:A massive, seamless and dynamic world delivering hundreds of hours of free-form exploration.Two campaigns: play as the ""Light"" or ""Shadow"" side, complete with distinct skills, rewards and story-elements tailored to the chosen path.Six exceptional, playable characters, each with a distinct look, capabilities and in-game motivation.Modifiable combat arts: change, upgrade and link together your alter ego's combat skills to match your playing style.The ultimate multiplayer experience - seamless transition between single- and multiplayer gaming modes via LAN, the Internet."
,Recommended,225640,7605494,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Jupiter,"Holds the record for the longest and most content-packed ARPG in history. 100% playthrough on the highest difficulty is approx 300-400 hours. Awkward combat mechanics from an awkward game engine. Packed with little details and humour you could tell the devs put love into this game. Unstable without community patch, an old time favorite."
,Recommended,225640,32212135,Posted: 5 June,all,Ghola,This game is huge and really suffers from not having a steam cloud or equivalent. Choose your class god and the path you will take your world. Following on as a prequal to the original Sacred game this has a far reaching and interesting story line. Worth a look but really needs a lot of time to get anything from it other than your standard hack and slash Diablo clone.
,Recommended,225640,29766961,Posted: 7 February,all,Acedia,"It works on Windows 10 just set the .exe (sacred2.exe) to win 7 compatibility, and run it as admin."
76561198056187189,Recommended,225640,10244463,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,xg_k_gaming,"Really good game with a huge world with hundreds of side quests and an intense main storyline. The game has so much in it that it can keep you playing for literally hundreds of hours. Also the class you get from the DLC is amazing, slightly challenging but very fun.Unfortinately, the game has caused many problems for many people. The game opens for some people but for alot of people, the game just does not open and it crashes instantly.If you buy this game, expect the game to not work, but when you look through discussions there are many methods to fix these problems which work for most people. (But not all) So just be warned."
76561198032582216,Recommended,225640,15679437,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Stiuck007,The fun factor I get from this game is superb. The fiddly start and crash only happens occasionally when I have been playing for 4 hours. Would I recommend it hell yes. hours of missions and discovery.
76561198011691047,Recommended,225640,22360193,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Val,"GOOD:Absurdly big map.It's so vast that it could even put some of the MMORPGs (or Skyrim) to shame. But it's not that amazing - what makes it truly unique is it's quality. Repetitive scenery, reused parts of the map, areas that look like being done using procedure generation? Nope - totally not the case. It's astonishingly detailed.Character building.This game is a goldmine for people thinking that character building is what makes ARPG. 7 characters, each has around half a dozen of core builds, with unaccountable amount of stuff that could be tweaked ""to taste"".Doesn't feels too dated.It supports 1920x1080, special effects are an eye-candy, and it has autoloot - not many old ARPGs could boast with this.NEUTRAL:Very Bright.And by ""very"" I mean it's the most colorful ARPG I've ever played. Have to mention it, because currently there's a trend of people liking more gritty games.Lore and Story.To be precise, this game has decent lore and terrible storyline.  Like, you start with delivering a parcel, then searching for missing elven expedition, then doing some laundry job for different parties, then some seemingly unrelated quests that just used to push you through locations - and voila, you're storming the final boss's hold. An excuse of a plot, just some side quests stitched together.Itemization.Dull, but efficient. I mean, items are more or less good from the gameplay point of view, and this twist with certain items having unlockable traits depending on your character skills is pretty peculiar. But I'm pretty sure after going off for a year I won't be able to recall even one item/set - they are just not inspiring enough to me.BAD:Obscure game mechanics.The game is far from being keen to explain how stuff works. It doesn't help that it's mechanics are very different from other ARPGs, as well as knowledge of mechanics is more important in Sacred 2 by a noticeable margin. If you don't dig forums/wiki you'll probably be left crawling in the dark and screw up your first character (and second too) beyond salvation.Uninformative and misleading tooltips.Related to the previous, sort of. If you're choosing a perk between more damage or bigger aoe the game will never tell you beforehand how much extra damage or AOE you get. The only way is to check on the sacred wiki.Simplistic combat.The combat is what typically separates Action RPGs from Classical RPGs. Action elements usually involve kiting enemies, positioning, targeting skills, dodging enemy attacks or skills, avoiding area damage, etc.  So, back to the point. Sacred 2 combat is closer to that of a classical RPGs. It comes down to whether your character is strong enough to facetank and kill enemies, or not. There's no ""I'm on the weak side, but I can do it with my gaming madskillz"". Some bosses do possess an element of tactics, but that's it.BOTTOMLINE:Sacred 2 is rather niche - it's not easy enough for beginners and not action-oriented enough for the ARPG veterans. People not used to the game will have a hard time shaking off the feeling they are playing some long forgotten MMORPG, alone on an empty server. I'd say it's worth a try if you're a fan of character building."
76561198118496779,Recommended,225640,26448067,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,snakejishi,"I did not want to bother to make a review, but, I felt kinda guilty if I did not give it a thumb up! What can I say? Where do I start at? An old game but an epic_ a true unsimple RPG that has not had disappointed me so far. 35 hrs, almost 30% of main mission is complete, and there is still more and more!!This is an RPG where you get lost into its pretty elements:Graphics 10/10 at that timeMusic: 8/10 pretty music, though inconsistent. Battel music sometimes get confsued with chating or shopping.RPG elements: 20/10 Steep learning curve,complicated, makes sense, workout your brain to perfect your own character.Tutorial 0/10 unclear on many things, you have to search online to understand a lot of basics of the gameClasses 10/10 decent mix of classesSome bugs and framdrop but would not prevent me from enjoying the game!!Worth it?? Hell yahh..."
,Recommended,225640,12667598,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Shana,"Worth buying on full price, will give you loads of fun things to do..."
,Recommended,225640,11302074,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,RavenCrow,"Got Sacred 2 on sale 75% off. Thought it was going to be just another RPG. I was wrong, after playing a few hours I must say that this game really surprised me. Hack and Slash action. Countless diversity of enemies. Dungeon crawling. Tons of Loot. An imense world to explore. I am 43 hours in and haven't seen 30% of the game map yet. The replayability is of value due to classes, skills and attributes in each character, that will make you want to try it out.The graphics are Ok, there is no-indepth story. This is not the Elder Scrolls. Besides that it is fun as hell. 4 player Co-Operative its very nice to play with your friends. Recommended."
,Recommended,225640,28088954,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Vepar,"RATS!!! RATS EVERYWHERE!!!Ahem...This is a huge game, and a lot of fun once you plow through the wiki and get the idea of how you should build your character. There are no respecs, but to finish the story, you don't really need to be paying much attention besides common sense and what the game tells you. If you want to finish Niob (hardest difficulty), you'll need a good build. So basically, like every ARPG ever.This one doesn't use mana however, the skills you have are based on a a cooldown, and managing that cooldown, choosing the skills to lower it and planning when to upgrade your skills is a big part of the game. Once you get the hang of it, it's pretty rewarding. Furthermore, skills can be chained in combos and blah, blah, i'm not here to explain the system in detail. It just works in a different fun way than most other ARPGs.There are TONS of sidequests in the game and the world map is huge. It's not randomised, but it really doesn't need to be for how big it is. Discovering every corner of the map and finishing all the quests will take a very long time. Sidequests are not needed beyond leveling a bit for the next main quest (if it proves to be too difficult), but if you want a lot to do in a game, you'll have it. They're a bit repetitive though, but only if you plan on doing all of them (which is not really the point).There are a lot of classes, most of which can choose a light or dark campaign (some are locked to either light or dark), and each class has 3 aspects of combat arts to specialise in, not to mention skills  and stats. If you like exploring builds you'll find a lot to do here, but it can be a bit overwhelming at first and take a bit of time to see what you like until you get all the combat arts and try them out.There's metric tons of loot to get here and some builds are designed to maximise the chance of getting good loot. Which you can then share with your other characters or other players in co-op.Co-op works over LAN only (older game so no more online servers), but you can get past that with some virtual LAN programs like Hamachi or the like.The graphics are vibrant and still beautiful, dynamic day-night cycles, weather effects and, if you have a Nvidia card, Physix effects. The graphics still hold up today, and while it isn't included in this version, search the internet a bit and there's an official high resolution texture pack. It's a minor difference, but if you want that, it's an option.The downsides are there too though. It's poorly programmed and while the fan patch rectifies a lot of the game's programs, you still need to fiddle a bit to get it running and it takes a lot of resources (for an older game) to get it to run smoothly. Running it as administrator and setting it to compatibility mode for Windows XP (SP3) is a must, and it has some weird regional settings that cause problems when running the game if everything doesn't match, but you can get around that by adding a registry key to the game's registry entry. The answers are easy to find just by googling, and any problems are pretty easy to fix. Still, the game won't run ""out of the box"" in most cases, so prepare to do some googling on how to get it to run.So, despite some issues at the start, when you do get it to run, what's not to like? It's an ARPG that's very self aware and almost a parody of itself and other games of this genre so don't expect the game to be too serious. The characters break the fourth wall with their idle cahtter (""I need increased attack and defense values"" says one character when casting a buff), and it's very entertaining. It's not over the top, but the details reveal the lighthearted nature of the game, and while it can get a bit repetitive and sometimes slow to level up, it's always fun to run through the world killing stuff in an ARPG that doesn't take itself too serious."
,Recommended,225640,34399678,Posted: 21 August,all,Paladriaan,"This is probably one of my all time favorite games!I must have played this game for over 3k hours when it came out on the console!So i figured i buy the game and re-live it all! Not disappointed at all!I noticed that a lot of people are complaining that the camera controls are horrible.. And in some way i do have to agree with this. I managed to ease it out a bit by disabling the follow camera option. Still not perfect but a lot more managable!And in all fairness, after a hour or so in-game you kind of get used to it!Also i miss the controller lol. I remember the game being easier to play on a controller on the 360 but sadly its not supported in the PC version?!All with all, this game is so much worth a go if your in to mass murdering, decent story, hack and slash with a little tactics!Highly reccommend it!"
,Recommended,225640,11069393,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,SkunkIE,"This game is fun and bad♥♥♥♥♥ but STEAM should tell people that the servers are down, what a joke. Guess they just want to make sure they get paid even if its selling games that are unsupported, Iv seen them selling alot of games lately with special edition releases with extra multiplayer maps, but the problem is YOU CANT PLAY THEM BECAUSE THE SERVERS ARE SHUT DOWN!!! If they want to sell the games they might as well host some servers for the game since we are paying for it. But all they say is OPPPS To late we already got your money!"
76561198151225506,Recommended,225640,28109190,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Apocalypto_ch,"I wanan say, that this game is really well made and makes alot of fun. If you like to farm endless and leveling up to get stronger, than this game awaits you. It's a big open world map. Yes, open world. Not like those games that have restriction open world. The only one point is, that this game isn't possible to play online with your friends anymore. Even solo, you will enjoy it. I played this game back on ps3 and got my first level 200 dryad. It was an amazing feeling when I got it."
,Recommended,225640,23146697,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jer                            .,"Imagine Diablo 2 with higher skill levels and more-vast maps, more dungeons, failable quests.  It allows you to really pick and choose what you want in a character.  The downside is that it takes 75 levels before you can reap the hidden benefits of all skills that you pick.  Also, if you don't die, the monsters become insanely hard to kill.  In the first region of the map, I'm level 30, but the opponents are already 4 levels higher, which is a huge level difference.  The stash allows for you to switch items between your characters, like in Borderland 2."
76561198338616047,Recommended,225640,28379692,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Asylace,"FIRST REVIEW! :DOkay so first off as a lot of people are aware, yes, there are a ton of bugs. The voice acting is par and probably just a tiny bit better than Two Worlds, but the things said in this game, especially in towns can be hiliarious. Just today I killed a turtle on the beach and it yelled like a man XD. But in all seriousness, I put probably 100 hours on Xbox 360, and am doing another playthrough of the game again on PC because this game is gorgeous. I don't speak from playing all Sacred games, because this is the only one I have actually put a lot of time into (Sacred 3 will never count in this franchise). The world is so immersive, ambience is definitely there within the world, exotic mounts, 3 sets of personal, exotic gear for each character (more with Ice and Blood) a **** ton of custimization, play as you wish (for example, I run a High Elf [because I have already done the Temple Guardian and Inquisior] with a pike for my melee, Bow for my distance, and have spells that I can cast in close quarters AND far!) You can choose to stick to a simple play style, or make it COMPLETELY your own! That's what I love about this game. Story wise, it's there, but again, voice acting is no where near perfect in this game. So would I recommend this game alongside the bugs and stupid voice acting? Absolutely. Would I say to get it at full price, I'll leave that one up to you. If you love RPG games and really love to get lost in something for many MANY hours within the confides of the games world, then I would. But if you Just want a game to play and experience to see what it's like, then I would suggest waiting until it goes on sale (I got mine for $3.74).(Here's a tip for all of you guys out there reading this and on Windows 10 if you haven't already figured it out. Once you download the game, verify integrity of the game through the properties, open the games file through Steam, open the system folder and find the Sacred 2 file. Right-click on it, go to properties and the compatibility. Choose Windows 7, then click OK. Open the Steam folder and the exact same. If you don't find a physxloader.dll file from NVidia, then you can download the driver from there website. Run the game, and ENJOY!!!!! :D)"
76561198169559070,Recommended,225640,24322612,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,deathwatch,"With well over 600 total quests in this open world it is still one of the most enjoyable game to play. To see as much of the world as possible it does take time, it was never made to be a quick hack and slash rpg but this is more story and adventure rpg. On newer windows it is quirky to start the game at times but even with the bugs it is still a great game."
,Recommended,225640,11250507,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Alessondria,"Sacred 2 is an open world hack-n-slash RPG. While there are many games like that this one does it well. The game does not take itself seriously, first off. A lot of things you will come across try to wiggle a joke or a smile into it, though not to the point of it being immature... it just does a good job of letting you know its a game, if that makes sense.Its an open world so you can go [mostly] any place pretty much anytime. You are not bound to the regions. There is no level locking. Enemies will generally scale to you but there are indeed regions where you need to have serious gear and have a decent build to take them on.The other aspect of the game, which is my favorite, is its size. This game is 22 square ♥♥♥♥ing miles. Even the large area 'in the mountains' can be accessed by a kinda hidden portal. To put this in terms most gamers can understand: the world is about 5% larger then Skyrim. On top of that you don't move like a dart. This may seem daunting, but each location is PACKED with just tons of hand placed props. It creates a world that looks and feels alive. Tons of easter eggs. Tons of hidden loot caches. Tons of things to explore and see over 12 areas ... including 500 quests.Ya... lots of quests. Nothing very engaging, and if you take too many (which is easy) you can start to not remeber the details of the quest/ chain clearly. But I find the strong points of the game to be exploration, combat, loot, and character building. The combat is simple to learn and fairly simple to master. But somehow its just so flippin rewarding. The monsters you fight are well done and there's just so so many different kinds... I don't mean black wolf/ blue wolf. I mean detailed completely different. So that adds to the fun element of exploration. And bosses are exceptionally tough!On max settings with physics on high this game is PRETTY. And its amusing. And kinda addictive. But it feels laid back in a way somehow.-------------Now outta the box this game is buggy. The company who made it went under, so there are no online official servers or future patch support. HOWEVER! the community of super smart loyal geek fans created a community patch that fixed crashing, memory leaks, and overall stability. It adds new weapons, armor, item sets, and even quests. It does a few more things like always make enemies scale to your level (before there was a min/ max level enemies had... now everything is your level or higher!). If you buy this game then find the community patch. Its essential.You can play online LAN via a program that is free and simple to use: Tungle. There's not a HUGE community that plays active 24-7 but you can host a server for your friends or join up to play with some friends you didn't know you had!The other downside to the game is that if you wanna play on hardest setting (eventually) your build is essential. On easier settings (where you have to start every character) its hard to mess up a build. But as you level and start on higher difficulty tiers... ya, you can get squished easy. Why this is a downside is because you cannot respec your build. All skill points, attribute points, even combat art runes you use cannot be exchanged. I did a bit of digging and was able to find a caharacter editor. So if I get screwed later I can switch around my skill points. Its that or re-do 100 hours ^_^The last bit is the camera and movement keys... W and S move forward and back but A and D turn you. This can't be changed to FPS-like controls. Camera is top-down but you can zoom in a bit behind your character and look around. You attack where you click/ mouse direction. Was a little different for me and hard to get used to. Also the default camera angle is crap. You may wanna use google to change some settings in an ini file.-----------So despite the lack of new content for Sacred 2 its a sound game with TONS to do over 22 square miles and multiple difficulty settings. Randomly made loot... and tons of it! This is an RPG where its a lotta fun to both level up and spend time looking over gear to tweak your build. No official servers but LAN co-op is indeed fun still. But its shining achivement is the amount of detail put into every place.If you like huge long game worlds, loot, and action RPGs that are not too serious I would encourage you to buy this. A $20 price tag IS a bit much so wait for a sale. The game performs its best once a few tweaks (listed above) are applied.4.7/ 5  ...nearly perfect! I just wish there were more combat spells per each character class and a way to change item appearance."
76561198043250113,Recommended,225640,15041944,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,John Doe,"Come and play with us forever and ever  and ever.(multiplayer disabled)A great game, too bad Ascaron went out of business, so this is the end of the series.(what sacred 3? There is no such thing)Level cap is 200 combat systems are losts of fun, ton of loot. SEXY characters, you have to see the beautiful inquisitordresses!!"
,Recommended,225640,11106888,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,M.,"Very fun and addicting game, if you like grinding, doing quests, looting, exploring this game is for you 10/10"
,Recommended,225640,29259502,Posted: 14 January,all,bullpup ツ,"This game has a crazy amount of side quests - hundreds and hundreds of little side quests. Most of them are rather uninspired, but some are really cool. You can really sink a lot of time into this game, and since your character develops new skills and you find new places with different monsters/enemies, it stays interesting for a long time.The world is huge! Loved it."
76561197976275470,Recommended,225640,13795464,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,The Mighty Sherpa,Best point and click out there with graphics that are still excellent.  Character progression and story line make the game.  Bummed that the developer went out of business and that multiplayer is no longer supported but Tunggle resolved that for us Sacred II geeks :)
76561197972622346,Recommended,225640,29900651,Posted: 13 February,all,toptom1,I cant decide if i like this game or not. 2 things let this game down for me.1) Enemy respawn is so teidous2) Battle music is seriously bad and constant.On plus tons of hours and content to be had if you give this game a try.
76561197976293440,Recommended,225640,29454114,Posted: 23 January,all,bottledsantiy,"Not sure how to put this... Glitchy, terrible tutorials, not completely optimized for any system, horribly tacky story line... Cliche characters... Yet I loved this game! Paid $20 dollar for it to never work properly on the PC and yet I really don't regret purchasing it. I spent so many hours playing this game on Xbox with friends and simply couldn't get enough... Maybe it's dated, maybe it will never work on windows 10, but it's the nostalgia that having this broken addictive grind fest and memories of all the laughter and challenges with friends brings. Would pay $20 for a $14.99 game that never works again! Thanks Steam!"
76561198168748077,Not Recommended,225640,31895524,Posted: 21 May,all,ljkayos,DO NOT PUCHASE!!!!!!  if you are running windows 10.  Does not run and no known fixes.
,Recommended,225640,25013425,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Stein Gaming,"One of the best rpgs I've played in a long time, I was astonished when I picked up my first copy on xbox360, and I'm happy to say I still think it's as awesome as I remember it to be!The graphics (on pc ofc) are actually quite good and even holds up against some rpg's to this day and the gameplay is incredebly addictive. And don't get started on the quests, over 600 side quests!! (most of which are what you'd expect though, boring kill this and that quests or gathering quests.) I played this a lot back when it first came out to the xbox360, but it's soo much better on pc. (actual keybindings etc..) Worth the money!"
,Recommended,225640,23546903,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Silver Felyne,"Sacred 2 is a great game.I loved playing it for hours on the console and it's even better on PC.There are only two things wrong with Sacred 2.-It's extremely hard to launch, requiring fiddling with the files every time I want to launch it.-No multiplayer outside of LAN. (And it's still balanced for Online Multiplayer. I.E. No Reclassing)Still, if you don't mind plunging into the files every time you want to launch (Or your operating system can run it as-is), it's a great game."
76561197977035886,Not Recommended,225640,14134656,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Pony Princess,"Game won't start.  Dug through forums, did everything that people recommended, and nothing.  20 bucks, burned.  That's what I get for not reading the reviews, I guess..."
76561197989528524,Not Recommended,225640,11086586,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Dragon,"A long time ago I tried playing Sacred 2.  It was so hideously unstable that it couldn't be played, not with whatver setup I had back then.Time has moved on and I've managed a good five hours of play with only two crashes.  Once in the main menu and once whilst trying to defeat whats-his-name the giant kobold boss.  Unfortunatey it turned out that Sacred 2 seldom autosaves and I lost two levels and a whole lot of loot there.Now I'm not that upset about it - for four dollars I got a decent five hours of enterainment.  It's just that I can't easilly recommend it either.The camera is still a broken mess; even after editing the option's file.  The fog is too close, the voice acting is terrible (but in an endearing sort of way).  There's very little to the game beyond kill X number of things, go back for reward.  There's also very little variety between items: generally variations on damage or armour with maybe a change to a stat or two.This is grindy clicking at it's best.  You'll not find any tactical depth beyond left-click, right-click, left-click, right-click.  If you're not a completionist you'll probably get some enjoyment from Sacred 2 but if you're looking for the next Neverwinter or Diablo you'll only be disappointed."
76561198006892126,Recommended,225640,8036682,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Raiden,"This game is amazing, played it since the beginning of Sacred and it lives up to its potential. Great graphics, playability and endless customisation.EDIT:This game works perfectly fine on my Windows 10 using the community patch"
76561198014779812,Recommended,225640,11150202,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Silvas,"Played countless Hack n slash games and this one always keeps me coming back, in fact bought the Steam version."
,Recommended,225640,5663668,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,Laevetiin,"An old but good game. It has an expansive environment to explore, A high level cap of 200 and a ton of loot to collect. Whilst the developer support of the game has disappeared due to the bankruptcy of Ascaron back in 2010-2012 the game still has community support fromDarkMatters.orgin the form of a community patch AND you can use VPN programs such as Tunngle and Hamichi to play with other people worldwide via LAN :)"
,Recommended,225640,20467615,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Paxton Fettel MK3,"Best h'n's on paper and in practice.I played a lot of them in the last few years and can count maybe 3 best ones. Sacred 2 Gold is one of them.All classes in the game are good to play for me, even though I'm not a fan of melee anymore and mages are not fun in long playthroughs.I love the feature that make every lower level enemy neutral to your character. So much time saved... plus teleports access everywhere.Crafting is great (good support for Sets hunters), alchemy too,  all skills and combat arts useful, camera works as well (lot of game are ruined by camera control).And dungeon crawling part is really fun.Game is surprisingly more ""netbook friendly"" than other titles (that I don't dare to point out), especially with Community Patch.Only problem so far is that I need to shut down Steam via Task Manager because game still have Running status when you exit the game and nothing worked to solve this.EDIT: and it solved itself. Some people have that thing and either nothing works or it fixed itself or by using few tweaks (like reinstalling Physx).Honestly it's minor inconvenience and it's worth to get this game, especially when next ones (Sacred3) are...differerent and not that good."
76561197970533201,Recommended,225640,28437433,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,mythmaker,Game didn't work right away. Had to go into local files and change the executables compatbility to VISTA first. After that - worked fine. Great game! Old school with lots of quests. LOTS of quests.
76561198070701433,Recommended,225640,32306777,Posted: 9 June,all,AnberlinGuy,F***ing favorite rpg of all time!
,Recommended,225640,8012669,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Sindri Augustus,Awesome game to play with friends. But if you dont have friends there is a very well done single player too.
,Recommended,225640,8249265,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,George Costanza,"I was waiting for Sacred 2 to become available on Steam again. I'm glad it did. This game has so much potential. Different classes and skills and I really mean different. It is a not a Diablo clone, it is not a Titan Quest. This game is unique. About it's world, the maps, characters and especially skills. Very good action rpg game. Offers a lot of content for it's price. Highly recommended."
76561198011760211,Recommended,225640,11245745,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Nightstalker,"The game is great if you like Diablo II, give you more freedom to travel just about anywhere you go depending on your levels. You can play this for many hours enjoy actions and roleplaying."
76561198108508675,Recommended,225640,29699918,Posted: 4 February,all,Caped_Baldy,"I liked this game and would ask everyone to try it if not for the myriad of bugs that plague it. It's fun but from windows 7 and up, you're gonna need to do some manual fixes to get it working and even then it'll often crash. I can't play for more than 15 minutes before crashing and sometimes less. It's a shame that the devs decided to ignore all the problems but it's a fun game nonetheless. I moderately recommend it."
76561198047106191,Recommended,225640,20776527,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Admiral Taco,"This game. I really like this game. I find it highly addictive and fun to play. Lots to explore, lots to do, unique classes and intersting skill sets. As far as gameplay goes I really don't have anything negative to say, except the camera took some getting used to/tweaking for my tastes.It's the crashing. Constantly crashing. Really liking this game, coupled with constant crashing makes me want to pull my hair out. I had to stop playing because I was so sick of doing the same things again and again because of crashing. This wouldn't be that big of an issue, except the game does not allow you to save when you want to. It's all autosave. Sometimes you get lucky and it autosaves before you crash, sometimes you play for an hour, no save and then it crashes. Really just luck of the draw, which is maddening to me.I am going to give this game a thumbs up because in all honesty, it's a fantastic game. Just be prepared to play things over and over again."
76561198039104758,Recommended,225640,21081933,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Dknightxs,I had the non- steam version of this game back when it was released. I have dumped over 200 hours in the gamenever finished it..went a ll the way to ACT IV and skipped most of the quests. Only played as a dual weild Serepham.this is one of the best arpg iv played in ages. the semi open world nature is fun...and even now years after its release i still come back and play it every now and than. This game is dripping with content. and at the price i got it for now on steam...this game is a  STEAL
76561198203588432,Recommended,225640,31308831,Posted: 22 April,all,efiaba,Very neat game so far.  I'm not very far in but I got this game on sale for like $3 and think I've already got that much back (and more?)  worth a try if you enjoy these kinds of games.  Sort of reminds me of Path of Exiles but with a more clunky interface?  or maybe just older and takes-some-getting-used- to interface.
,Recommended,225640,11500555,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Stonerton,"This game is great. It has a massive open world(see screenshot below) with tons of quests and so many different sets of gear and weapons. Customization of your characters is quit deep. It is surely worth picking up since it is so cheap. I own multipule copies of this, the original pre Steam version, PS3 version and The Gold edition on Steam(picked it up in a humble bundle for $1). Can still be played multiplayer with VPN tools. If you like ARPGs and are a loot hoe this one is a must have.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=396189014This section is to help those who are having issues with the game:2/23/15 EDIT: Reciently picked this game up again and had trouble starting it up for the first time in ages. For those who are having trouble with windows 8 and 8.1 like I was, what worked for me is running the .exe in compatibility mode for XP SP2 and as Admin and in launch options add ""-skipopenal -nocpubinding"" (without the "" ""). Aslo I am using the community patch(0150) so I am not sure if that changes anything in making it run on 8 or 8.1, but it does fix many of the bugs in game and adds more quests and gear.3/3/15 EDIT: Turning off Steam overlay seems to fix the game game random crashes. Tested with it on and off several times and I only had the crashes when it was on.4/6/15 EDIT: Link to fixing game launch for win7 and win 8(works for 8.1 also) for those that the 2/23/15 EDIT didn't help.Thanks to Zethell for the fixes.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1669389305/12/16 EDIT: If you can't get the sound or text to work at all, go to C:->User->Appdata->Local->Ascaron Entertainment->Sacred 2. Create a text document callen optionsCustom. Copy paste the following: locale.language = ""en_UK""locale.speech = ""en_UK""Thanks to Bathroom for the fix.TL:DR:  Huge open world, characrer customization to op, and lots of loot. 10/10 One of the best ARPGs ever made."
,Recommended,225640,26029870,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,shibbeh,"it would go on sale right after i bought it.ggthis is important. dont play temple guardian. he looks dumb, his armor looks dumb, his skills are dumb. everything about him is dumb. especially the way he runs/walks. looks like hes got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ diaper.anyways. its fun, its got a different skill progression that you dont see in any other game, the combat is about what you would expect from isometric games.  spells and techs are cool to watch. the world is open to you from the get go. as in their are no borders from where you can or can not go. beyond the edge of the map that is. the quests are funny to read and there are a lot of puns an jokes. the humor is there, the combat is there, the progression is there. To be completely fair. you can definitely tell within 2 hours if youll enjoy the game beyond that. so returning is an option.odds are if youre even looking at this youre interested in the game. i assure you its solid. try it."
76561198039929207,Recommended,225640,10696928,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,whathappenus,"Action RPG. Lots of classes. Very well done and polished. Very long game. Confesion: I never have finished it. I endup trying a new class over and over  and getting mid-way through. Still, if you like action RPG games like Diablo 2, you will enjoy this one because there are more variety in the classes you can make."
,Recommended,225640,11061068,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,SataniCow,"Played this and The first one as well Years ago,  Couldn't pass it up for 4$.  The Sacred games are about my favorite out of all the Diablo-Clones.  Titan Quest and Loki are also passable.  Hopefully Sacred 3 will be true to its lineage.  Only real Complaint is when Deepsilver scooped up the IP they shrugged and left the multiplay servers in the bonepile.  Local MP works and I have Fam to dork arround with so there's that."
,Recommended,225640,21716141,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Greg the Mad,Great hack'n'slash RPG with graphics that still hold their own and a open world that still is unmatched in size .
76561197969372390,Recommended,225640,9865227,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,mr. nails,"Another great ARPG here that ended up getting abandoned way too early.  So, by the devs leaving this game for the fans to take care of that means LOTS of unfinished work and bugs!  But the community's got your back.  There a massive patch (as in content not size) that addresses MANY of the issues that lie with this title.The game has beautiful graphics.  Many have complained about it being too colorful and/or bright.  While the game is kinda bright I really liked it.  Very vibrant colors and a lot of detail went into this game.  Speaking of detail.. the learning curve is quite high.  Do some homework before starting out in the adventure and start the game in Silver.  Bronze is pointless!Most likely you'll never run out of quests to do either.  There's reports of over 500+ side quests.  Initially I was running for 100% quest run, but after 15 straight hours of doing NOTHING but side quests I let it go.  It got very overwhelming and I lost interest.  The main quests are extremely short though.  So, in order to build your toon up you may want to tackle some of those side quests.  There's 10 chapters total and each chapter has 2 main quests and 1 boss.  Exploration is like an Elder Scrolls game if you will.  You don't necessarily need to go straight to the end.  you can venture out and see what's in that dark cave you just passed up.  :)Looking for a LONG and fun ARPG?  You really can't go wrong with this title.  That is.. if you can get it to work.  Windows 7 is iffy.  When I first tried to get it to work there was NO hope for it.  Two years later (yes, 2 years) it's up and running and playing beautifully!  Worth the $20, but if weary of bugs grab it on sale."
,Recommended,225640,9616405,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Inori-koi the Booty Hunter,"This games has over 300-400 Hours I brought this on Computer already having it on playstation, but I must say this beats it by far the game play is long and enjoyable, I recommend it with great happiness"
76561198001631492,Recommended,225640,11023969,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,PorsTonith,"Truly an amazing third person, semi-turn based, RPG. This game has gameplay mechanics like Diablo, but goes in a completely new direction. The game isn't very serious so it's fun for casual players but can get extremely challenging by upping the difficulty to the point where it takes careful planning and strategy to get through fights. Some of the dialogue is especially humorous including a couple of quest lines which are completely joking. The classes are diverse, fighting style can change radically, and leveling is amazing. It's very free form so the player holds the power as to what THEY want to do in the game. Graphics are awesome and very fluid.My personal recommendation, if you are looking for an entertaining RPG that is massive in size, playable for probably 100+ hours, and absolutely entertaining the entire time, pick this up."
,Recommended,225640,11024077,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Kaputnik,"It's a fantastic and unique action RPG experience that really stands on its own in many ways.  I feel as though if you're a fan of exploring new ideas of what makes this genre great this could be a great gateway for seeing a lot of creative and fun potential and creativity.The game is pleasing to the eye, extremely diverse, and in the end a rewarding experience!9/10"
,Not Recommended,225640,10017123,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,BananaInspector,"2/5 - Avoid unless you're really into the seriesCut through swathes of repetitive and somewhat uninspired monsters as a scantily clad lady weilding a lazer gun! If that's all you want from a game, then give sacred 2 a whirl. Some games do the b-movie thing well, see Typing of the Dead if you want a game that nails the vibe perfectly, and while Sacred 2's qualitative shortcomings are at times hilarious, these moments did not come often enough to really keep me entertained.I might be missing the point here, but the lack of strong narrative, the ambiguous quests, terrible voice acting and implausible technological gaps between the player and your enemies made me wonder how effort really went into this game.Everything about Sacred 2 either frustrated or failed to engage me and after a good few hours I simply gave up; I didn't want to just be clicking on an endless stream of monsters with no real interst in why for any longer.While Sacred 2's character designs and progression systems have always been genuinely novel, the world that your character inhabits feels a little underdeveloped:The open world vibe is totally subverted by linear quests and map design; when you get to a new place, you walk a set path around the area like you're on a go kart track rather than exploring and engaging with it. The side quests are uninspiring and revolve around the usual getting items, rescuing trapped elves and picking herbs.The monsters are repetitive and while there are often quite a few of them to cut through, there's not enough diversity to differentiate engagements or to create any real challenges.The environments feel devoid of personality; you walk through cities of people having randomly generated conversations which make little sense; it's like being trapped inside a bad parody of a game world, which can be funny at times but it becomes tiresome quickly.The camera is oddly positioned and always left me craning my neck to see what's coming up ahead. Either when zoomed out or in I just couldn't see more than a few paces in front of me. Given that the camera follows the rotation of the player it can get a little disorientating at times, kind of like being trapped in a tumble dryer full of orcs.Maybe I've been ruined by RPGs which either do the action better (D3 & Dark souls) or the story better (Dungeon Siege 3 & Skyrim) or both (the Witcher 2), but I really am starting to expect a little more substance from ARPGs. In a market as flooded as this one I really recommend looking elsewhere, it's a shame because this title has potential but it's let down by phoned in mechanics and a lack of attention to detail."
76561198035202032,Recommended,225640,11042853,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,AutoOnyx,Best Third Person RPG ever. Better than Diablows.
,Recommended,225640,28791154,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cip13,"Very nice game, a good story, nice graphics and pretty complex skill system and item randomization (similar to Diablo)."
,Recommended,225640,9072668,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Soulcatcher,"Sacred 2This is the only ARPG that makes me come back to play a char every now and again. TL2 does not, D1/3 does not, D2 did it in the past at times. PoE, while fairly new, got boring after a while. TitanQ does not. TW2 does not. But Sacred 2? Hell yes. I must have owned half a dozen copies of the game throughout the years.A good looking world, a large amount of character costumization through skills, arts and gear - over 600 quests and a huge open world. That is Sacred 2. It has some minor bugs, but nothing that you can't deal with.Just buy this if you're a fan of lootwh*re action rpgs. You won't regret it.""F*ck. Guess I gotta start over again""EDIT: Have you already bought it? If not, stop playing vidya."
,Recommended,225640,9648482,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Multigun,"Great Game. If you are looking for something that isn't yet another Diablo Clone, this is it. Open world with mounts, but still keeping with the dungeon crawl tradition."
,Recommended,225640,11075722,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Genesis,"Well let me just say i have this game on Ps3 and i rebought it on here. Why? Well the steam deal helped. But this game was vast and beautiful. The foilage moves in the wind. The animals and water flow beautifully. Its enviroment really captures you inside it. Although the gameplay can be a bit of an annoyance at times it's a game with loads and loads of hours to play.Why should you buy it? Well if you like diablo style game with some cool characters. Now it has coop and i have no idea if it works however i believe you can use hamachi to activate a server. I haven't tried that coop yet. It also allows you to share things in a box which gives it to your other characters. You can level and gear up everyone of your characters and share the loot between them. In other words... I have a Seraphim, my sister has a Dryad and my other sister has a high elf. Whatever i get for their classes i put into the box for them so they can level their characters faster.Sometimes the map and the quests can be confusting but it's truly a fun game with very cheesy lines and fun gameplay. Blindguardian plays in the game and has a music video which really sold the game to me lol. I love it so much. I really hope some of you grab this game and try it out. They're making a sacred3 and from the looks of it, it's not as open world as this one, but i hope you guys can give it a shot."
,Recommended,225640,3793416,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Deathly Rose,worth the purchase and price is very nice compared to when it first released and very easy to play not to mention replayability is up there in regards to the genre the game is in
,Recommended,225640,7485398,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Saiwyn Hy,Great ARPG! Superior to Diablo 3.
76561197997806906,Recommended,225640,10310761,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Charllize,"Sacred 2 is big game, 70km2 with expansion Ice and Blood (Skyrim have 60km2). I recommended for everyone who like open world action rpg, with tons of quests, nice loot and neverending character development. Max level is 200. Sacred 2 need some patience with camera settings (camera is totally free, but need some tweaking in game options) . Probably best open world diablo like game ever."
76561198048345060,Recommended,225640,11221787,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Ovan,"If you buy this game, be warned that you might have problems with the physx software giving an error message when you start the game.  If that happens, just go at the Nvidia site and download the lastest physx version and update it."
,Recommended,225640,3890834,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Striker,This game is awesome.  Graphics are nice.  Surround sound is really nice.  And for the first time finally Ice and Blood expansion comes  to the US and is included in this.  You can be a Dragon mage and there are 2 extra places to go for high levels.  And staves and rods can now shoot projectiles.  This is my favorite dungeon crawler.  If you get this game set compatibility mode for XP so the game doesn't crash after about an hour.
,Recommended,225640,6943120,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,NoCoffee,"I played this game for about 7 Years. It`s the only Game i played without stopping. There are so many things you can do, reach a very level, collect epic set items and much much more. I dont want to start talking about the map size..This game is epic! It doesnt mattters what game-genre you are in , Sacred will change youre mind in every single way.- Benny"
76561198046838676,Recommended,225640,8166583,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Sollace,"A truly spectacular and addicting hack and slash. Would recommend fully. Once you try it, you will always get cravings to return to it."
76561198106487406,Recommended,225640,10002653,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,j0urney143,Love it!!! Lives up to the first one...
76561198139906449,Recommended,225640,11540201,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,tcoiro1946,I am 67 yrs ! Sacred 2 gold is the best rpg for Avatar building i have played ! Lots of fun ! Trust experience kids ! Stalker
76561198100231976,Recommended,225640,11145072,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,RedMallie,"I was happily surprised to see how well Sacred 2 played on my computer. I have been having issues with other games and as such was basically testing Sacred 2 expecting to have lag and frozen screens.The gameplay ran smoothly even though the graphics are really wonderful, which usually implies that a computer's resources will have a struggle.In this sense, I think Sacred 2 is a good game. Of course, the story and maps are fantastic. The views from the ground level are very realistic too."
76561198021386942,Recommended,225640,10415559,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Seandablimp,"This is one of those games where there is soooo much content that you will start seeing all these insane amount of sidequests as chores. I've broken my completionist habits cause of this game, screw you Sacred."
,Recommended,225640,11045328,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Tranquilo,"While yes, it can get hokey in dialogue at times, I love Sacred 2. This game can get you lost for hours and not care that you're lost at all. It takes some getting used to, but once you do...you're off into the world and you really never look back. The world, the characters, the character voices, they all pull you in and make you feel like you're living in the world. And that's all I would ever ask for from a game."
76561198066251420,Recommended,225640,11071090,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Super Kami Guru,"This type of RPG is usually not my cup of tea and Ive never heard of this game until a few weeks ago (Steam Summer Sale 2014). I bought it, downloaded it, installed it and played it and surprisingly I enjoyed it!What I like about Sacred 2:=The world of Sacred, Ancaria, is massive and is riddled with side quests!=MOUNTS!=A variety of monster types.=The towns and cities is alive with NPC walking about and occasionally talking to one another.=In the options, you can set how often your character talks! (One liners and the things they say will amuse you)=Enemies doesnt scale to your level.=The game doesnt take it seriously! (Heck, a skeleton screams ""MEDIC!"" when I kill him!)What I dont like about Sacred 2:=The camera! (Although you can change/adjust the scales but it is still limiting. Fortunately, it can be fix by using custom option)=Story (I know there is a story...I just cant find it...Yet)I shall end this ""review"" with my favourite moment in Sacred 2:I was travelling to Tylysium and I noticed that the minimap was filled with A LOT of red arrows (its an enemy indicator). To my surprise Kobolds and Skeletons were fighting each other!"
,Recommended,225640,11098278,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ItzDabz,"This is one of the best RPG's on the STEAM market. It is absolutley amazing; its so well developed and just full of content. There is seriously hundreds of quests to find and finish, tons of weapons, hundreds of runes/armor/items and other things to loot. Graphics are for a game that is as few years old as this they are still amazing and the developers invested so much effort in detail like with animals, trees swaying in  the wind and just making the world truly feel alive. The quests are actually really fun and storyline can be confusing like knowing what exactly is going on with the main story line but, i guess that would happen if you dont really pay full attention to the quests. Its not like Skyrim where there is cinematics to tell the story at least none that ive had seen for the hours ive played so far. Enemy AI can be challenging at times and can swarm you in numbers and make you really have to evade and attack evade and attack. Combat is smooth and fast which is what I like in my RPG's (I hate slow combat systems in RPG's). Overall if you want a DIABLO style looting & fast paced combat, Dragon Age camera view and gameplay, and a huge world like Elder Scrolls then you should def buy this game. Its takes bits of each one of those games and makes it its own unique formula for a game. Also there is a really nice character skill/attribute & leveling up system that has a great ammount of skills to unlock and upgrade as well as character attributes. Anyways I just started the game today and I already been playing it for 11 hours now according to STEAM. So for a gam to have me playing for 11 hours in one day in one single giant session is proof that this game is freaking awesome!!!Only cons I have are:Finding the exact final objective for some quests can be confusing to locateMap is so huge that it can get tiring traveling all aroundAt times it can get repetitive with how each time you are traveling from one spot to another that there is constant run in's with enemies and there can be a lot of enemies.9.5/10"
76561197965965283,Recommended,225640,11182506,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,DragonBorn,"Took me a little time to get to like this game.  At first there are so many abilities, and equipment slots, that are so diferent from any other game I ever played that it was a bit off-putting.  But once I got the hang of the skill tree, the orb, and everything, I really started liking this game a lot.  the world is gi-normous.  There is a ton of EVERYTHING in this game, real estate, equipment, mobs, quests.  This game will keep you playing for a long time.  Ascaron has shut down the official servers, but if you download Tunngle, you can play online using LAN mode.  The music triggering kind of stinks though, it won't be long and you will slide the music volume slider to zero, it's just combat music being triggered over and over until you are sick of it by level 5.  My machine is none too stout, but I can put the settings to high, and it is smooth as silk, and I didn't have any crashes like some older games.  No compatibility mode or anything.  Sacred 3 will be out soon, so I gotta finish this one to be ready."
,Recommended,225640,17906284,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Marco Diaz,"While not perfect, this game has many redeeming qualities. It has so much to do. As of right now, I have about 30 hours and I'm not even close to being done. There's a lot of sidequests and exploring, so you'll never get bored. 8/10"
76561197995994709,Recommended,225640,1658096,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Crazy Gamer,"Sacred 2 : Fallen Angel ne joue pas dans la cour de l'épique Titan Quest, mais mise davantage sur son monde ouvert et sa liberté d'action pour s'attirer la sympathie des adeptes du genre. C'est bien simple : Sacred 2 est au hack'n slash ce que Oblivion est au RPG.Deux campagnes différentes, six classes de personnages entièrement personnalisables, 70 km² de paysages modélisés, une soixantaine de donjons, des tonnes de quêtes secondaires et d'items : la durée de vie de Sacred 2 est monstrueuse, d'autant qu'elle s'appuie sur un bon potentiel de rejouabilité @@@"
,Recommended,225640,1164912,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,[CVG]Anton,I had originaly bought the non gold edition two years ago and it was wroght with crashes and freeze ups. I was unsure about getting the gold edition as I didn't know if the same thing would happen.I am happy to day that there are no lockups or crashes with this game. I loved it when I had it on Xbox360 and now with the gold edition I get the carrier imp and the expansion.If you really enjoy Diablo and Titan Quest action RPG's then you will enjoy Sacred 2 Gold Edition. If you had the non gold like me then I am happy day that it is much more improved in stability (at least for me it is).This game is worth a play.
,Recommended,225640,18594865,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,porkfaT,"Orignally played and beat the game on Playstation 3. I have not played the xpac for it. I recommend this fun, yet sometimes tedious to any fan of rpgs similar to Diablo, or Torchlight. There are multiple classes in the game, each with their own skill sets and items. The world is huuuuge, with lots to kill, loot, and explore. And for the sale price right now, its a win win."
,Recommended,225640,11512640,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Faluzure(NerdRage),"Classic game, a ton of fun - disregard total hours played as I owned it before it launched on Steam, it was good enough to buy twice.Ton of fun with a great many ways to play your character.It also has Blind Guardian in it which is ♥♥♥♥ing beast."
76561198064862080,Recommended,225640,11115287,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,music98god,"1. OK I have windows 7 and I couldn't get the game to start right off the bat.  I had to go hunt for the answer and the installation items needed are included in the game folder under sacred 2 gold \ redist.. and you have to run them in order to have the game run.  PAIN2. the words in the game are so small it is hard to read them and there is no way to resize them3. this game has glitches but not rage quit ones.4. If you like diablo and questing and loot then this is the game for you.  The amout of quests are so many I stopped reading them as it was taking so long.5. there is no tutorial or UI walkthrough, and no clear explanation of anyhing..6.This game is still fun with a lot of beginning headache to overcome."
76561198034602874,Recommended,225640,11138611,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,dmshide,"I've only played the beginning area, but I've done every side quest available and I'm level 22.You can see I've played 25 hours.  Not bad for a beginning area only.  But that is my play style.  No rock unturned.I am playing with the community patch.  Since that is all I know, I cannot compare.This game hooked me.I think it is the dungeons and the loot.There is something about optimizing your loot in this particular game that is very addictive.There are many side quests to rescue someone who has been captured.  I can do rescue missions all day.Not as much of a grind as Diablo franchise.Excellent Graphics for a top down.I don't know how people have their brightness set on their computers or what games they are used to playing, but I never found it to be too bright.  I've spent over 600 hours in Skyrim too, which is almost colorless.  I have a really nice monitor, though, so maybe that's it.Negatives:1.  Crashed on me 4 times after 3+ hours of straight gaming each time.  Honestly, you should get up and do something else before that time period rolls around, but....  Rebooting the game is extremely fast, but it put me in a weird place with not much xp/ equipment lost.2.  You are gender-locked with your classes.  The class I really wanted to play was female only.  I don't enjoy playing a female as much, so I played a temple guardian (having a blast btw).  This is a major improvement made by Diablo 3 over Diablo 1, but not is this game.3.  Once you chose a skill upgrade at level up, it is permanent.  As in, oops my finger slipped...!  Too bad, that is what you picked.  No going back and no ""Accept changes"" type of button for confirmation.4.  As others have said, camera angles are really hard to deal with, but I have gotten used to swinging it around using the ""a"" and ""d"" keys.Hope you all have a great time playing it.It's worth every penny I paid for it (on sale) and then some.:)I price it at $24.99 in value and give it an  8.3 / 10.PS.  I just found one of Drizzt's old swords!  Woooohooo!  (I think that may be from the community patch)"
76561197977597945,Recommended,225640,10693593,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Thailmore,"Just like the first one, but bigger."
,Recommended,225640,24779400,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,JcJet,"Played it long time ago, and now it got my full attention again.One of the best RPGs ever.Could be best, if not the crashes and freezes :( But some lucky people says they're managed to fix them..."
76561198070841108,Recommended,225640,17107515,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,dtrain_111,i bought this game on a whim it's really good. it's like the gameplay of diablo 2 mixed with the large open world like skyrim.yeah the story is meh but in hack n slash rpg's it's all about being a loot horder.
76561198043925258,Recommended,225640,17609165,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,paul,"Highly recommend this game - great storyline, plenty of hacking, loads of hours, massive map."
76561198237460368,Recommended,225640,22968513,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Epie Stedjo,"Good game..big world..nice weapon, armor...dont miss it"
76561198066117282,Recommended,225640,30993223,Posted: 7 April,all,marcusb1976,Cool game!!! the combat game play is spot on and very good as well as the exploration with the story.8.8/10
76561197978169641,Recommended,225640,26864873,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ascaii,Amazingly deep writing and the soundtrack kicks butt
,Recommended,225640,11040311,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,[KBH] mstic,Like diablo or titan quest? Sacred 2 is a solid pick. Multiplayer is long dead unless you hamachi. Still can be a bit of fun.
,Recommended,225640,10928298,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Fox01313,"Yes Sacred has been one of the many Diablo clones in gameplay but what makes this different? Well aside from the basic Diablo type of gameplay, there's an open world the size of a small continent, multiplayer, mounts, secret loot, & music by Blind Guardian (power metal) plus a cheap price too.Only sad thing about this version is that there's no controller support, played hours of this on the Xbox360 & the controller makes it a lot better. That being said it's a ton of fun & recommended."
76561197997557701,Recommended,225640,11056685,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,iNfLiKtOr,"Firstly I should get this out of  the way for windows vista, windows 7 and windows 8 users in order to run this game on your systems you will need to set compatability mode to windows xp sp3 then the game should run just fine. For those of you who have played the first Sacred I think you will find this game to be a very pleasant upgrade to the last one. Graphically pleasing to the eye along with nice game mechanics contribute nicely to a typical Diablo type rpg run. Charactor classes are varied enough to make wanting to try several differing class type a game in itself. overall I would give this game a 3 out of five."
76561198107357464,Recommended,225640,15191399,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Craedo,"EVERYONE NEEDS THIS GAME. If you like RPG's and open world game play this is a must have classic. 10/10. One of my favorites to revist. Endless hours of exploration and character customization, you can build each class in many different ways. Also, who doesn't like hardcore mode?"
76561198085320331,Recommended,225640,15405047,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,GingerVitus,"Blind Guardian for music during the cut scene after you create your character. Would watch again. 10/10In all serious though, only a few hours in and I love it. Definitely recommend to anyone who likes arpgs."
76561198006986577,Recommended,225640,28685904,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"Like Diablo meets WoW...or something.  It's an action rpg, but with a few deeper systems than Diablo(akin to an mmo).  Each class is pretty unique too, which is nice.  I get kinda bored playing alone, but this game is amazing with friends!"
76561197990466360,Recommended,225640,29647062,Posted: 2 February,all,iceman19761014,Is really a fun game to bad it has no support since the comapny does not exist anymore
,Recommended,225640,34574721,Posted: 29 August,all,Xalegion,With the community patch this game is literally gold
,Recommended,225640,23091706,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,C4MP3R,"Sacred 1 still better, but S2 is a amazing game too."
,Recommended,225640,13069723,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Jericho_77,Excellent hack and slash rpg game
76561198105090329,Recommended,225640,18666617,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ambrose,fun soda & pretzel game
,Recommended,225640,26969749,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,orionsenigma,one of my favorite games ever
76561198140572309,Recommended,225640,30985774,Posted: 6 April,all,pipylipsag,Still learning this one but looks good so far and fun.
,Recommended,225640,12063116,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,rpr1me,Finally an MMO that is OFFLINE and SOLO!
76561198042890140,Recommended,225640,11176218,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,SFF,"I know my current playtime SEEMS small, but the truth is I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Sacred 2 Gold on a copy before it was released on Steam.  I played through the entirety of the vanilla game, over 60 hours, and let me tell you, I loved every single minute of it.This is hands down the absolute BEST hack n slash rpg I've ever played.  The graphics are smooth, crisp and well made, the combat is tight, the skill and combat art system is engaging and rewarding, there are literally THOUSANDS of quests to complete, monsters to slay, and loot to acquire, and there's a surprising amount of good, Larian-style humor here and there.  Did I mention that the world is MASSIVE, likely TWICE the size of the original Sacred, Undeworld included?Oh yeah, and the fan community is one of the best I've seen.  It is incredibly helpful and eager to help new players ease into the game.Speaking of which, let me end on a PSA.  If you end up buying this, DOWNLOAD THE COMMUNITY PATCH.  Not only does it fix a multitude of bugs, but it also adds a TON of new content to a game already full of it, such as new items, new quests, and new enemies to fight!"
76561198130828426,Recommended,225640,11811581,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,deen1971,"I WOULD LOVE TO REVIEW THIS GAME BUT I CANT EVEN GET A GLIMPSE OF ITS CONTENT AS THE GAME WILL NOT RUN STATING ""already running""  I PAID 14.99 FOR THIS . NOT HAPPY IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT"
,Recommended,225640,18595758,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,BenjiDoodle,game is still great fun
,Recommended,225640,2510956,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Frost,"If you like loot collection simulators along the lines of Diablo, you should appreciate Sacred 2. However, unlike Diablo, Sacred paints a world as whimsical as it is dark and menacing. Sacred 2 is also an open world game, and there is a massive world to explore. You can also obtain class based mounts, which really makes traversal a lot less laborious. Did I mention the copious amounts of loot? If you're a loot goblin like me, you owe it to yourself to check out Sacred 2!"
76561198124715891,Recommended,225640,11513900,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Monlife,"Excellent Action RPG Game, great detail to graphics, hundreds of sub-sided quests, many classes to choose from. This game has never bored me nor has it put doubt on endless hours of fun.100% Must Play/Try At Least"
,Recommended,225640,11484917,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,samljer,"Game is fantastic, but the online server has been permanently closed by the company.CO-OP still works locally, but thats as far as you can go in multiplayer now."
,Recommended,225640,9213017,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,great huge game ...add me we got servers and play
76561198061390687,Recommended,225640,11782043,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,MRDRK1,"Great open-world adventure with a cool balance of magic and technology.  The obligatory 'side quests' are just optional, but can have you going places you might not have thought to go on your own.  I first owned this game on Playstation, and still love it (though leveling up takes a long time)."
76561198021936566,Recommended,225640,26785491,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vizix,"Good things about this game don't completely outshine its faults in my opinion. So lets start with some good stuff, the game has plenty of monsters and dungeons with a lot of variety and they die nicely animated gotta love ragdoll effects in these type of games! Further more the world is plenty big with plenty of quests and gear that gives you lots of space to explore and to kill stuff. Also the combat is kickass and feels action packed and like you are really combining your best moves to kill the enemy quicker this includes the skill system and the combat system. Then there is mounts which i seperately mention just here.Bad things about the game are the boring quest, my god stop the boring quests please. Also a lot of walking around between quests and quests where people follow you and you just gotta bring em somewhere like wtf? Also the walking is slow and you got no fast way to travel in dungeons where you cant use your mounts. Again lots of walking. I don't know how it is for other chars but with the seraphim aoe seems to be lacking a bit, not that it matters since they die in quick succession. Game sometimes crashes even with the gold edition, not often though luckily in my case.Little bit about me, i love hack and slash games like diablo and grim dawn and stuff but really this sacred thing got me exited because of its fresh story line and graphics and new combat system with combos and stuff. I played the first part as well and loved it. So if you love this type of game then why not play it, altough i warn you might get bored before you get anywhere."
,Recommended,225640,11061378,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Exiled Torment,I absolutely love this game and it's fantastic charm. The soundtrack is great and the open world is vast and so much fun to explore. If you're looking for a game that you can sink your teeth into then this will fit the bill.
76561198031793698,Recommended,225640,11053331,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,crafteone23,i used to love this game back in the day when it was called DIABLO lol.this is the most blatent diablo rip off i ever seen in my life ...but since diablo rocked ...um go ahead n try it
,Recommended,225640,11039752,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Otterpop,"i love the sacred series, but whats up with the addition of sacred citidel? Why take out sacred 1? its mind boggling"
76561198126407240,Recommended,225640,11084009,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Hawkwind,"Hi everyone! Sacred 2 gold edition and windows 7, this game has not been worth buying because of all the problems trying to get it to work ! As i upgraded from windows xp to windows 7. Steam games that i purchased b4 buying sacred 2 worked even though they were installing into old windows folder, sacred 2 gold edition wont for that simple reason its installed in old windows folder, I have finally managed to move steam to new windows folder and d/loading sacred 2 gold edition for the 6 th time if it wont work this time im done with it...... Some people seem to be lucky as the game will work others well just be warned ok...."
,Recommended,225640,25888395,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,47,One of the best games ever
,Recommended,225640,21402080,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,craig.edwards77,"This has got to be one of my favorite games I played while growing up and even now I find that I have bought it again on steam on sale, amazing idea, hundreds of hours of gameplay, highly recommeded to any RPG fan or someone that just wants to play a game where you are not being killed every few seconds."
,Recommended,225640,31049604,Posted: 9 April,all,Grum,"This game is gigantic.. Is it two Morrowinds? Three? .. Five?? It could be like eight Morrowinds.Seriously though, if you like Torchlight and Diablo then Sacred 2 is your friend.. It isn't exactly revolutionary, but its.. gigaintic.. This game is gigantic.. Is it two Morrowinds? Three? .. Five?? It could be like eight Morrowinds.Seriously though, don't let this distract you from the fact that in 1998, The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16ft through an announcer's table."
,Recommended,225640,19259690,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,WOOP17,"Great game, but has its flaws.ProsInteresting, exciting open world to explore, reminiscent of the Elder Scrolls games.A good sense of humor; the game doesn't take itself too seriously.Beautiful graphics and art. I especially love the menu background: it's unique and pleasingly-grotesque.Lovely ambience. The details are great, such as the musicians and conversations from people heard in towns.Plenty of side quests to do.A variety of different characters to choose from, with many different skills, weapons, and other loot.Decent controls.ConsThe camera can be bad and requires a lot of fiddling to get it to your individual taste (at least in my case).The font is absolutelyawful. On large screens it can be nearly unreadable and tiny. It is difficult to change the font and there are no options provided to change the UI size. This makes the game way less enjoyable to play, when I have to squint to read just about anything!The game is confusing at first. Aspects of the game aren't really explained very well. I'm 6 hours in and I'm still not 100% sure what runes do!Customizaton of character appearance is a bit limited. All of the classes are locked at one gender, and some only offer one hair style.Again, I cannot stress enough how bad the font is. My eyes still ache from all that squinting...Overall, a pretty fun experience with a few annoyances. I would recommend picking this game up, especially when it's on sale."
,Recommended,225640,21043980,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Yogtimoth,steam needs to patch this.great game though.
,Recommended,225640,24053484,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,s3rv0,"Great Arpg with huge world to explore. I'm happy that I can enjoy it now, I wasn't  playing it back then 'cause there were many good games :)"
76561198064397067,Recommended,225640,15988609,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,XExarKunX,Best ARPG ever made. huge map and tons of quests/items to collect as well as a huge level cap.
,Recommended,225640,24479785,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,garbage,decent timekiller
76561198013528540,Recommended,225640,24667515,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,SwiftCobra,Pretty sweet but where is the achiements?
76561198089835469,Not Recommended,225640,9369220,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Bombstrap Infinity,drivers keep crashing upon startup
76561198041080185,Not Recommended,225640,11059384,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Deimontai,junk...need to find a solution to physx error..running gtx 580..second game i bought from steam that is unplayable
,Recommended,225640,31219445,Posted: 18 April,all,Trombe,"It's like skyrim, but good."
76561198210431069,Recommended,225640,34000909,Posted: 3 August,all,JinVarrel,The best sacred game by far even if its a little buggy.
76561198138965236,Not Recommended,225640,14360146,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,RwOhCoKrEeT,"Do not purchase if running windows 7 64bit. Game is great, but ultimately will crash frequently. there is a lot of work arounds, but none that require a simple noob friendly fix."
76561198037817780,Not Recommended,225640,14844624,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,megapape,"Sorry for giving a bad review on this game. It has nice graphic, the world is huge... but it is also so boring to play... No clear main quest to follow... Plenty of side quests with moderate or low interest.... No clear tutorial, and I find the map terrible to get the right direction for quests... Interaction with other characters too limited or non-existing.... you just wander, and left or right click to kill ennemies.... after a while it becomes very dull....If you enjoyed Titan Quest, you will for sure enjoy this game which is very similar to TQ (+ open world). If you were bored playing TQ like me (after 8000 killed ennemies), don t bother here."
76561197970515347,Recommended,225640,22643076,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Godshand13,"Great fun! Nothing taken seriously. Few games deliver this much RPG nonesense.A must buy for the collector,"
,Not Recommended,225640,21484537,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Tryckser,Savegame corrupted after 10 hours
,Recommended,225640,10540004,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ReapexHD,Amazing game! TONS OF CONTENT!LOTS OF WEAPONS AND LVLS MAX BEING LVL 200LOT'S of good ARMOR and classic RPG Play style
76561198001744156,Recommended,225640,11051068,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Trey,I cant believe i'v had this game just sitting in my games library without being played. A really good isometric arpg.
,Recommended,225640,26024410,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,shawngeorge25,wont work unless you have phisx software driver installed i had to go to invidia website to get it.
,Recommended,225640,24468693,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,R.I.P,A big open world lots of depth to classes Awesome game
76561198062930115,Recommended,225640,13026340,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DG Dobrev,"Very simple: get  a 2-4 pack and rock it. You will never feel bad.From a long-lived S2 player, itwould be...My review is as simple as this:YOU SHOULD HAVE BEEN THERE. These few hours on steam can barely compensate for my thousands of hours iwth my frineds ondarkmatters.orgin this game, and all the buildcrafting (justt visit the site and enjoy) I did on this game. And all those builds I used. So awesome.Two years of trashing, togetherness, buildcrafting, sharing... All gone. Imagine a server where you log in and people ask: hi man, what do you need? And they shower you with tons of items before you even know what the game is all about. ANY MMO community LOSES to what S2 was like.People were giving stuff out for fun. THEY had a lot, an they were gaining a lot. Nobody whined. Everybody enojyed it, and laughed. Everyone shared, and had fun.Kick the game down to an XP windows mode and have fun. I sure hope some hamachi servers can do it for you If yes, you will still love the game.Period. And I still play it in Lan/MP. And it si still awesome."
76561198041681580,Recommended,225640,20850964,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,older than dirt,A classic crpg hack and slash. Have played many 100's of hours in this game on another platform.
76561198114717248,Recommended,225640,20961454,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,cookie monster,one of the best rpgs ever made huge world.
76561198009139331,Recommended,225640,21549201,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,macmert,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyfE55c_ZjIHello my loyal servants, this is for the people of Ancaria...Just keep in mind...This world is sacred..."
,Recommended,225640,26517605,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Sir Thottington,its damn gold.
76561197999024047,Recommended,225640,14007513,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,pkdragon,it's good
76561198118031226,Recommended,225640,11058544,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,киска Подонок,"A very nice game, great graphics and gameplay, to bad it's so underated and the publisher went broke. Also i had some problems since physX had to be installed"
76561198028720205,Recommended,225640,27850845,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Francisco Bulow Fiegenbaum,"One of the best games I've ever played, is a Diablo style game but way better! Excellent game!!!"
76561198060332091,Recommended,225640,23991896,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SilverWolf15,a really good diabloish rpg!you can play sexy angel fighters whats is there not to like about that?
,Recommended,225640,24349933,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Guardian401,"I remember buying the original version when it first came out.  I was looking for something new to play, and the logo really caught my eye.  Ultimately I decided to take a chance on it.  Long story short it became an instant favorite.  Everything I loved about dungeon crawlers, Sacred 2 had it.  Great loot, beautiful graphics, badass characters... and that theme song from Blind Guardian was awesome.Sadly, the original PC I played it on broke, and for some reason I could never install it on any PC I've had since.  So you can imagine how sad I was when I saw they released the Ice and Blood expansion.  Once I saw there was a Sacred 2 Gold available I made a promise that I'd buy it once it went on sale.  Luckily I was able to catch this as the summer sale was ending.I've been having a blast reliving old times, and I'm looking forward to the 100s of hours I know I'll be pouring into this game.  If you're into Diablo type games then you'll like Sacred 2 Gold (breaks my heart to see what Deep Silver did with 3; that might have killed any hope of a proper Sacred follow up D:)"
76561198164510403,Recommended,225640,13059900,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,alitoza,No cd key Activation  sacred 2 gold   ?
76561198087087970,Not Recommended,225640,19834948,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,KingCalibur,Well this was SUPER dissapointing....I hate this game and want to get rid of it....
76561198081440969,Not Recommended,225640,20496745,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Devil Djinn,"this has to be the worst game i have ever played in some 20+ years of gaming.i love my rpgs, but this game is the worst. in fact, its so bad, im not gonna bother writing a wall of text as a review.its buggy as hell, like alpha release buggy, the gameplay is boring asf, a ton of fetch quests, broken mechanics like falling into the ground. Its so bad, the community had to patch this game to be even remotley playable, even still its a mess.keep away!!! you have been warned."
76561197998616312,Recommended,225640,11832914,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Calis,"I did the mistake and bought this on steam, Get the vertion on GOG. that vertion wont make you have to jump hoops of fire to make it work."
,Recommended,225640,14102888,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Riley Dash,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198271242789,Recommended,225640,19924073,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,dragonheart2222,i am not able to start it i will need help to do so emale me aDragonHeart2222@hotmail.complease asap
,Recommended,225640,14091502,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ASHarwood,"Well, i have played enough to produce a solid review of the game.  If you like diablo and the constant grind then you will like this game.  I hesitate to recommend it though because it is very buggy.  It started out buggy and so I installed the community patch and I am not sure that fixed it at all in any way.  It is still buggy.  It randomly stalls for no aparent reason at all.  With that said it is a good game.  There is tons of loot to get though the pool is rather small and you notice you pick up similar items constantly.  There are many quirks with the game.  It took me forever to get use to the questing system and the UI.The game is a click click click game. Tons of clicking and killing.  I'm playing on easy because on any other difficulty there are just too many mobs.  Right now I just run through them all. I'd hate to have more that I would have to run through.  Levelling is a chore. mobs barely give you exp.  If they are 5 lvls under you, you get 1xp and you need like 10k+ to level.  There are tons of levels.  at 52 hours play on one toon, I am at level 32.  There are, I've read 200+ lvls.The quests are all the same.  Go here, click that, turn in. Travelling is a chore even with a mount.  So many obstacles that get in the way of movement. It doesn't help the camera is finiky.With all the negatives I am enjoying the game...it might be the completionist in me that won't put it down until I beat it or until another better game can be found."
,Recommended,225640,474914,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,Painless,"If you like hack n slash and you like RPG's, then this is the best game you never heard of."
76561198092416832,Recommended,225640,14008141,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Shay,best rpg eune
,Recommended,225640,3496056,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Lone Wolfe (Hoover1979),This Game is a must have!
76561198110957066,Recommended,225640,35234316,Posted: 26 September,all,Skygge Of Loki,can this game run on widows 10 can some one please let me know
76561197991657927,Not Recommended,225640,7486158,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,MrMuse,Hack and slash with thousands of quests that you will give up reading early in..making this one long grind. It's still fun...at least it would be were it not for the buggy crash-inducing game engine. 65%
76561197974550074,Not Recommended,225640,11242181,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,FD3S,Doesn't work. :(
,Not Recommended,225640,18537288,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,CourtingEvil,"Liked:* My character was pretty* Good soundtrack and the voice acting was decent* Character building was promising, there were a lot of different ways to build a characterDisliked:* Camera mechanics are not ideal. The character often gets stuck under bridges or runs into walls if my camera isn't aligned just right* LAN multiplayer doesn't save quest progress for either party, despite both players starting new characters* Battle mechanics are sloppy. The character often doesn't even move when I click on an enemy for an attack and sometimes the character just moves in the opposite direction.Overall, I'm upset that I spent money on a game that won't save my progress in the only mode I'll play. This was bought so that I could play with friends, but it's not fun enough for me to disregard the issues I listed above."
,Recommended,225640,12652215,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Dangeresque,Played as an Egyptian robot-dog-man and shot a chicken with an arm-mounted laser gun.19/10 Would laser-blast a chicken again.
,Recommended,225640,18711847,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Monologamy,"This game is just ok, i not hooked but it isn't too bad either.Camera is crappy, some animations look stiff and map markers can be confusing as hell.It feels limited as an open world game in a sense that you can't usually do what you do in an open world game (like jumping on a cliff, ledge just to make shortcuts) like in skyrim. (yeah the comparison is a bit far, however i compare every open world rpg game to skyrim)Yet if you view this game like a mmorpg with singleplayer it becomes reccomendable, as you can basically farm items, gold, buy things, sell things, questing. (basically like diablo) and combat can be funny when your character makes remarks on your enemies like ""only a mother can love a face like that"".my suggestion is grab this game on sale to have maximum fun and less wallet gouging!"
76561198271149295,Recommended,225640,23627249,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,AcydBuZZ,"Absolutely one of the best Diablo clones in existence, I hesitate to even call it such as it outshines it's own inspiration in almost every way. First up, the open-world of Ancaria is massive. I have well over 100 hours combined into my favorite Seraphim and Dryad characters and have yet to open every spot on the map. Next, almost everything in the world is 3d modeled as opposed to 2d sprites as in a lot of others. The variety of character personalities/classes is quite interesting if they are flashy versions of most ARPG stereotypes. I do suggest the Seraphim as she becomes a magical/divine powerhouse rather quickly. Although I'm presently hoping Steam gives me a refund on this PC version (my laptop just doesn't wanna run it), I can't imagine the Xbox 360 version being any better than PC would. Even as well as the console controls were done, the interface screams M&K. Highly Recommended!"
,Not Recommended,225640,17804053,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Alan,"Would I play this game to completetion if I had an infinite amount of time? Sure.But time is a resource to be spent, and there are better ways to spend it than on this game.  The highest praise I can give is ""it's okay"".  But there are too many games in this genre that are better than okay, and you're better off with them."
,Recommended,225640,12209076,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,wolfie_inu,"I am a robot Egyptian god doge. 10,000,000 out of 10"
76561198040615764,Recommended,225640,11369453,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,kmole,BRILLIANT LETS HOPE SACRED 3  IS AS GOOD AS THIS HIGHLY RECOMMEND
,Recommended,225640,15016372,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Snowtrain,good game
,Not Recommended,225640,16593007,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Eminem2420,Kept freezing and crashing. Then i would have trouble loading the game up. It is not worth the trouble.
76561198175387611,Recommended,225640,23358344,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,azzthom,A Diablo clone with an open world. Multiple difficulties with some items only dropping on the highest. Several different classes and a character build system with surprising depth. Highly recommended.
76561198090387854,Recommended,225640,16290803,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Alan Quartermaine,BEST RPG EVER
76561198049040522,Not Recommended,225640,15983230,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Nick,"I have purchased and it has yet to launch when I click play. It says the ""app"" is running already and cannot start."
,Not Recommended,225640,11330841,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,McGamer,Horrible piece of garbage I wish I didn't buy it even thou I love RPG.This is just a plain bad game.
,Not Recommended,225640,20665004,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Judas622,"I would love to recommend this game, but since the devs don't have any support for newer platforms/system configs this game runs so poorly on my pc I can barely even use it. Essentially it has a frame rate of about 1-5 FPS. I have an i7 2.80Ghz  Processor, with 8GB of DDR3 ram, as well as an ASUS ATI Radeon R9 with 4GBs of dedicated GDDR5 VRam as well, so no issues with system specs, just an old game with no future support. I bought the game a year ago, barely played and then when I finally decided to play it I could not get it to work at all. Would like to though as I had this back on the 360 and it worked great and loved it. Shame the only support I found was a community patch that took about 3 hours to download over a very fast connection...and still did not fix my stuttering and fps issues. Good game, bad future support on hardware. Maybe it's a driver, but I recently even tried after another graphic update and still no good. I even asked for a refund and I was denied. So waste of money there. My recommendation...find this in the bargain bin at your local retailer for the 360 or the ps3, save your $15 bucks for something else."
,Recommended,225640,11041178,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Usurper,"Blind Guardian, that is all."
76561198063776565,Not Recommended,225640,33654194,Posted: 19 July,all,dovahkinslayer,"So, i'm not entirely sure if this is a game designed for console that ported badly to pc, or if this is designed for pc but somehow ported better to console, whatever the case i remember this being alot smoother, easier to handle, and just overhaul less buggy on console. i can barely walk around without getting a headache, it's buggy as hell, and after already beating the game on console one of the main reasons i got this game on steam was to cheat my character to op level and just have fun, unfortunatly it seems this game is specifically designed to mess with cheaters, regardless of the fact i'm offline, unranked and that i paid for it, it even sends mocking messages about your graphics in the start up, which might have been funny if there weren't so many issues.Overall, if it's on sale go for it, but make sure you get a good price, and never pay full.edit: a few grammer fixes."
76561198257525577,Not Recommended,225640,20903561,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,sephiroththedark,"The game has a solid concept and a decent story. Sadly there is not much for customization, no respec option so once you pick a skill tree you are stuck with it. The game seems centered around the seraphim class in that its the only class that  has little to no trouble getting through the game."
,Not Recommended,225640,14102940,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,LITH,"Horrible , cannot believe i payed $20 for a game that is no longer supported. I played this game on xbox 360 , and happily saw that there was a blood & ice version online , then i buy it and i cant even play online , thanks alot ...."
76561197972753004,Not Recommended,225640,11044750,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Nsist,This game could never even start. as it said it had a issue with a Nvidia GTX760 card not being reconized. Then all the Direct X functions in the game had issues also in trying to start. So all I ever saw was crashes to desktop. Thank god I only wasted my money during a sale and didn't pay full price.
,Not Recommended,225640,18540125,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,WhoaItsRich,"If you want this game, buy a stand alone vesion of it. There are so many extra steps to fix any install problems, that it becomes to much of a hassle to fix. And Steam won't do♥♥♥♥♥♥to fix it.Besides that. The standalone version is fabulous"
76561198059907132,Not Recommended,225640,18502229,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Im only level 7,was good in its day. if you want to play solo then its still good. severs are no longer active so playing with friends is a big no no shame
,Not Recommended,225640,14267511,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Space Cat,"Terrible performance on up-to-date hardware and awful world/quest design, the map is just OVERSPAWNED with enemies."
76561198032999107,Not Recommended,225640,16110177,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,JAXolantern,"Did you guys review this before you ran it? IT DOESN'T run on my Windows 7 64 bit machine with everything up to date period. No matter how many parameters I changed, still nothing. No official updates, no official patches, it's pure♥♥♥♥♥♥for those with completely up to date machines. It depends on a completely obsolete physx version and NOTHING ELSE."
76561198043983202,Recommended,225640,11023827,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,TenoriTaiga,Buggiest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would explore again.
76561198060470937,Not Recommended,225640,22245463,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,keeperosin,"While I loved and highly recommend the xbox 360 version of this game the PC port is awful.  Despite having many more buttons you cannot have as many skills programmed (even if you plug in a controller).  The graphics don't look as good, the controls are wonky somehow.  I can only explain by saying the characters don't always move where you tell them to.  The camera is terrible (which is really hard to do in a top down game).Perhaps I'm just unfairly comparing the game to the console version, but that huge and enticing to explore world seemed like such a chore here.Pros:Same in depth and complex leveling system.  (you have a great deal of control over how your character develops)Same random loot drop love.Graphics aren't terrible.Excellent music.Cons:Everything I said in the first part.No interesting NPCs (except maybe the band Blind Guardians).Huge map can be daunting.Quests are everywhere obscuring the story (if there is one)There are things to enjoy here, but it's not enough.  Pick this up in the bargain bin for your old console and enjoy it there.  Don't waste your money on this port."
76561198098438990,Not Recommended,225640,26290647,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Tallis,No more online servers dont buy if you plan to play with your friends.ohterwise the game isnt to bad but rather get it on console where the game was clearly designed to be played.
,Recommended,225640,31874369,Posted: 20 May,all,Cαitlin № GO Yεa!™,It's good.
76561198161727612,Recommended,225640,18541673,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,SaintPhillip,"...Just buy it.If you enjoy diablo or any loot/level arpg this is one of the best imho.The variety in terms of gear, builds, sets, biomes and everything is just amazing. Massive game world , huge mob list, more items and combinations than ive ever seen in any game, and replayability in spades .  You cannot go wrong with this title IF you enjoy ARPG's."
,Not Recommended,225640,26306104,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Luuviitonen,Runs horribly on windows 10 unless you tweak the hell out of it. I wouldn't recommend buying it unless it's on discount.Makes me feel kinda sad when a little bit older games like this and neverwinter nights 2 get compability issues.
,Not Recommended,225640,14721151,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Toxicwire,This game has the graphical setting it needs but its attempt to make you forge your own storyline with nothing but open world quests littered EVERYWHERE makes it seem empty when the game tries to feel full.
76561198021763379,Not Recommended,225640,20076821,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SETO,"Recomiendo jugar el 1, para que vean como arruinar una saga con el 2 y el 3 por dios....y digo lo del 3 aca porque ni aunque me lo regalen lo quiero."
,Recommended,225640,11441373,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,"Hacker,cheater,smurf,script",Massive loots and stuffs. Steal my life
76561198079946177,Not Recommended,225640,26068066,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Zeenak,starts goes into a kind of a loading screen and then throws you back out to desktop...sad cuz its a fun game played it tons with my friend on PS3 and i wanted to have another go at it but...
,Not Recommended,225640,16234056,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,RabbitsPC,"I didn't like the game. I know it's an old game but the voice acting was terrible, it wasn't what I expected (perhaps a bit more like Dragon Age or The Elder Scrolls, etc.), I was hoping for a bit more of a story, didn't like the controls and the list goes on. This game might be liked by someone else, I just didn't like it. If you like battling things a lot, you might like it. It will work on Windows 8.1 but you need to modify it first. Go to the exe file and set to Windows 7. It will run then. At least it did on mine. The run file area seems to differ on computers."
76561198009516023,Not Recommended,225640,18783778,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Trabalhador 2099,"Sadly this game is not recomended after you play great quality ARPG.In short: only buy if you don`t mind to play a generic MMO style punched into a single player game.Positives:+ Interesting visual alert when your heath is low;+ Music and Blind Guardian (their music blends with the ""animus"" of ARPG);+ Unique characters to play, including good and evil oriented;+ Nice graphics and runs in 2560 x 1080 (to people with ultra-wide);+ They tried to make a funny game.Negatives:- Huge map plagued with non stop monsters spawn (rats...kobolts);- Repetitive quests: it`s 500 of boredom;- No sense of real progression;- Weak story;- At glance, the open world is a twist but with time, the game can`t uphold the player interested."
76561198127994388,Recommended,225640,10374470,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,jacobkarash,so stupid i cant even launch the game....
76561198011954275,Recommended,225640,31242439,Posted: 19 April,all,dion282,the game can not play in wwindows 10any solutions please?
,Not Recommended,225640,11077211,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,squirtlescape,"Bought this on sale because the trailers for Sacred 3 looked interesting.  Couldn't play this game for more than a few minutes.  Primarily because the camera angles are nauseating, but also the character design and voice acting are horrible."
,Not Recommended,225640,11130362,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Xinra68,"I've never played Sacred or Sacred 2, but I've heard of the title - and it's always received good praise from websites, magazine, and players alike. With the game recently going on an 80% sale,  despite the game already being over six years old (as of this writing), it seemed worth taking a look. Sacred 3 is set to release August 2014, and I thought it was about time to see what the interest is.I enjoy playing ARPG games such as Torchlight, Diablo, Path of Exile, etc. Sacred & Sacred 2 is compared to Diablo and Diablo II due to its play style, and genre categorization. It's also known that Sacred 2 is pretty much referred to Sacred 1.5, without a large development jump from title to title.I'm sure this game was somewhat innovative and exciting to play in 2008, but sadly I feel that the game is better left to the ages in fond memory - especially for those that played & enjoyed it. The game feels like a bad console port to PC, and the controls / camera made the game feel disjointed. There was a lot of texture popping, and combat didn't feel very engaging in the early stages.The game also doesn't do a good job of being intuitive, and the game UI feels very foreign. Perhaps at one time there was a game manual included with this title, but the initial lack of a tutorial to explain combat - or UI functions was disappointing. Thankfully I've the aptitude to read, and learn quickly - but I can see the first-time player/new player being confused; Hopefully this sort of system doesn't make its way into Sacred 3.The bottom line is that new players (such as myself) should steer clear of this title, even at significant discount from Steam. Unless you're one of the other type waxing nostalgic for the title... Avoid this mediocre game. There are much better ARPG choices out there to choose from. Trust me."
76561198025233966,Not Recommended,225640,18497848,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Zero's Escape,camera rotates with middle mouse button and you can't remap it
,Not Recommended,225640,14673197,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Colonel,"kejadah apa game ni, x yah beli, bazir duit jer"
76561198034112506,Recommended,225640,22391437,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,DOZAH,"many of those alive, deserve to be dead."
76561197978264068,Not Recommended,225640,14564127,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,crane85364,"To me, the Sacred series has always appealed to a very particular kind of player.  Too much of this game feels like a constant string of fetch quests with boosts to stats and gear so incrimental that inventory and skill management begins to feel like a second job.  I feel that there is just most to this game that I am somehow missing, because enough people keeping buying into this series to justify Sacred 3 on top of 2.  So really, I can't rag on Sacred that much.  It's just one of those series that doesn't push my buttons.If you've played and loved the first Sacred, this will likely be right up your alley.  If you played and got bored on the first go around, you might just want to move onto the next title on your wishlist."
76561198033163404,Not Recommended,225640,17993581,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,maggotfreak9,"I knew ahead of time that this game was kinda out of date, but damn almighty. It just feels rough and broken, there is nothing fun about it. Sure maybe I just need to give it more time and keep trying, but nothing about this game pulls you in. It's boring, feels rough to play, and isnt worth the $15. Yep, I should have just bought Van Helsing insted. lol"
,Not Recommended,225640,26570968,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Reza Qin,"Do not buy this game if you are on Windows 10.  I cannot seem to get it to run correctly.  Even on a sale, skip it.It's too bad in the Year of our Lord 2016 a game cannot be patched properly."
76561198058851558,Not Recommended,225640,11105936,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,k00p,"""Shock and Awe""-level terrible. The voice acting, atmosphere, and gameplay defy reason. It would be easier to take a parody of this game seriously than it would this game. All ye who enter here, you have been warned."
76561198032966005,Not Recommended,225640,11062422,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,LJ1985,No MP ... -.-
76561198006608907,Not Recommended,225640,22170507,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Christopher,I give the ♥♥♥♥ up. I've tried every work around in the forums and I still cannot get the sound or text to work at all. Wasted money and wasted time.
,Not Recommended,225640,22258275,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Satanikus,game not running on windows 10 for me 2 hrs of install time out the window
,Not Recommended,225640,8570567,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,[TFD] al Qamar,"Beware to buy it if you have a modern PC with NVIDIA graphics, playing the game on Windows 7 or 8(.1).It still has stability problems like the non Steam Version.This may not be valid for all users but a lot of them report them.Steam generously refunded me the game, as it is unplayable (reproducible freeze or crash) and this problem is not solveable by any means.before starting a riot, read the full story here please:http://steamcommunity.com/app/225640/discussions/0/810939351320265424Sacred 2 would be a 9/10 game - if it works stable (it does for some magically).1 point less for the fact the MP community is dead already.Be cautious to buy Sacred 3 without any reviews of friends, you might be disappointed! It seems they just want to generate money from the good reputation this game had."
,Not Recommended,225640,11441387,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,reaper51,"Fails to load, troubleshooting did not work, no dev support"
,Not Recommended,225640,22769776,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,LookOutItsDomke,"I want to say that I love this game. I loved playing Sacred 2 on my 360 or PS3 back in the day. If you can find it on whatever console you like I'd prefer you play it there and not from Steam. The game is so broken it took me an hour to get it to even open, then it would crash whenever I opened it, then it would open in the wrong resolution and crash when I tried changing it, then it just crashed randomly, the cursor would appear in the wrong spot, the game would freeze and the only way to close the game was to force restart my computer. When I finally did get the game to run for more than 5 minutes I had a hard time getting used to the god awful controls, which you can change, but my game would freeze and crash when I tried.The game is broken on steam, play it on console if you can find it."
76561198048347128,Recommended,225640,13157079,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Neverdie,I can't believe Blizzard stole this game entirely. What a bunch of corrupt businessmen. This is why Obama should be impiifiedamf.
,Not Recommended,225640,21311160,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Dies-A-Lot,Motion-sickness inducing 3rd party view that CANNOT be adjusted. Unplayable for me.
,Recommended,225640,10999559,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Frad Derst,this game is awesome and can lose hours of time lol.
76561198168190015,Not Recommended,225640,19223062,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,branca,Akward fighting.
76561198028584127,Not Recommended,225640,18630033,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,iguanaattack,no multiplayer
76561198041748902,Not Recommended,225640,11110069,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Thurheim,Too Gnostic for me.
76561198014058913,Not Recommended,225640,11063791,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Aggelos,"thanks god i paid only 3,99 euro for this game ..... the graphics are bad , the move of the character sucks and is very inhuman . the story line sucks . the voice actoring sucks aswell . there are so mane other great RPGs to play ......"
,Not Recommended,225640,17458271,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,giant,This game realy suck .. sacred 1 is so much better ..
76561198014122931,Not Recommended,225640,12935122,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,jboggess,Terrible crashing.   30 minutes already trying to find a solution and tried at least 10 different solutions.
,Not Recommended,225640,21945918,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Adonald Trumpler,"DONT BUY THIS!Sorry for caps, but if you have never played Sacred 2, please don't try. You will be stucked.1. Bugs. Even after all those updates, this game is still full of bugs. I tried several charactors, and they all have bugs in the start.2. Incredible dumb movement. The charactors animation sucks. They are even worse than Sacred 1.3. Terrible guide.为了sacred 1 买的， 结果尼玛什么辣鸡啊，画面还不如1代，操作更是不知所云，强烈建议不要购买，绝对冤枉钱"
76561197984745717,Not Recommended,225640,18567790,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Darkstorm,...
76561197970441688,Not Recommended,225640,15031674,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,airart,Game just crashes
,Recommended,225640,9941002,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,FTrubyruben♡,A perfect game to be friends or foes and work with shadow or light lets team up and kill or assist and have fun in this adventure
,Not Recommended,225640,11092611,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Death,"If your looking for a good RPG like this then play Path of Exile (its free and 100 times better than this crap literally) or DivinityIve played quite a few MMORPGs and RPGs and i seriously dont recommend this....unless you really have nothing better to do..i got bored after the first 5 minutes...To begin with the voice acting gave me cancer...its terrible..just terrible...its like they literally read a book to their kids,EVERYBODY TALKS LIKE THEY ARE READING and the lines are just cheesy as hell.The story is...well im not sure if there really is one because its just too boring to even give a damnThe combat is meh...The graphics and models are also..mehThen theres the typical 'all females characters are sexy'  which speaks for itself...if i wanted erotic stuff i would watch porn..not play an rpgIt was on sale when i bought it for 3 USD...god i regreted it...because they should pay me for playing this crap"
76561198116866397,Not Recommended,225640,11168528,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,edmek55555,fun game. Enjoy it very much but i love playing hardcore mode and every time i create a hardcore character the game ends up deleting it even though i never died so i cant really recommend a game that is gonna erase characters. If you are a hardcore fan such as myself skip on this and grab diablo 3
76561198044114201,Not Recommended,225640,13050924,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,minus,"Verry Buggy Game. This games has lots of bugs, sometime the quest givers dont spawn or wander off. The quest markers are very vague and the controls are very clunky. The loot system is good, perhaps thats the only plus point."
,Not Recommended,225640,21376112,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,JabettKenne,needs better character customisation
76561198011578847,Not Recommended,225640,20069202,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,jsmithdonmie,i
76561198181232794,Not Recommended,225640,35266031,Posted: 28 September,all,Я дебил,facking stupid debili pochemy not vklyuchatsya eta debilnaya gameaaaa?
76561198058251957,Not Recommended,225640,23971790,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Michael,"This game needs to come with a warning about its system requirements - those requirements mainly being a computer that was manufactured in the late 90's, and an OS that is no longer supported by its own publisher.Steam really needs to stop selling these out-of-date titles if they're not going to be properly fixed and/or labeled.  It's a broken game, being sold under false advertising.  No amount of workarounds will fix a memory leak and a 2GB RAM limit.  (Which in turn causes the game to crash like perfect clockwork.)August 2016 state of the game:  Still broken and largely unplayable, and still no warning on the store page.  Extremely long ""fixes"" have been suggested by the community (everything short of making a virgin sacrifice on the night of a lunar eclipse), but this only somewhat extends the amount of playtime before the memory crash.  It doesn't stop it from happening, and it still happens like clockwork.http://steamcommunity.com/app/225640/discussions/0/358415738215016656/Final word of warning:  People have a nasty habit of writing reviews for games for back when they actually worked somewhat well. ""Nostalgia goggles"" prevent folks from basing their review on a product's current state of play.  In short, a positive review would have been accurate back in the days of XP and Vista, because frankly, it really WAS a great game.  Today however, a positive review is simply wrong, because the game just plain doesn't work correctly.If you legitimately feel that the following headaches are worth all the trouble:1.  Editing entire paragraphs within .ini files,2.  Modifying the game's file structure by manually unpacking and re-packing system files,3.  Downloading community patches from potentially dangerous sources,4.  Disabling graphical effects on your modern rig that would have otherwise made huge visual improvements (effects which had no problem and worked fine in the days of XP and Vista), and finally,5.  Saving every five minutes to prepare for a crash that happens every thirty minutes despite all those ""fixes"" mentioned in steps 1 through 4,then by all means, base your positive review on THAT."
76561198118376111,Not Recommended,225640,24784451,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Cynistera,"Trying to play but I cannot get the game to actually come to the screen. It just keeps running in the background, regardless of anything I do to fix this. Uninstalling."
,Recommended,225640,25551695,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Otem,good game.
76561198038601971,Not Recommended,225640,14551552,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,azabrown,could not get it to work with windows 8.  dont waste money
,Not Recommended,225640,11521313,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,sirbill007,"having a lots of trouble playing this game,it will not start even after i tryed to patch it, thanks for another game that i cannot play."
,Not Recommended,225640,33778117,Posted: 24 July,all,Mr. Matt,"The original Sacred had some cool ideas and characters, though it was a bit rough around the edges. I never finished it, but I definitely respected certain things about it, even if I never could fully get behind it. Sacred 2, however, I'm even less lenient with. Sacred felt like a developer trying out some new things and trying to make an action RPG, with certain successes, and certain awkward things that don't really work well. In Sacred 2, however, I didn't feel like anything that didn't work well, such as the overall gameplay in general, and the orgy of different stats/skills to upgrade which were excessive in the first game already, make a shameless return to the sequel.Quests are in no short supply, but no quests feel meaningful and I didn't really want to do them. Less is more in this situation. Loot was about the same as the first game, from what I noticed, which was pretty decent, and I like the fonts used in the game.I had hoped for this to be a polished, better Sacred, but I didn't feel like that was what the product ended up as. There's no shame in being a Diablo clone if the setting, graphics, and gameplay feels good. Trying to be very different from it in feel, to the extent of feeling ""really off,"" which is how the Sacred games made me feel, is not a step in the right direction."
76561198174411057,Not Recommended,225640,33980623,Posted: 2 August,all,shantoxia,Horrible
76561198012514261,Not Recommended,225640,25385216,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Seisho,If you want a singleplayer games this is great....but the multplayer doesn't work for♥♥♥♥♥♥..
,Not Recommended,225640,32173569,Posted: 4 June,all,Δ Snare. ,better than diablo 3 but not as good as sacred 1
76561198279150243,Not Recommended,225640,29129459,Posted: 8 January,all,OpethSlayer,This game does not run on Windows 10. There is currently no fix for the problem yet Steam continues to sell the game. Dont buy it.
,Not Recommended,225640,32210351,Posted: 5 June,all,theman2051,"The developers have removed all online coop for the game, and lan is now the only way to play the game cooperatively. I was looking forward to playing with my friends but there is no longer an easy way to do so. Super Bummed... Returned!"
,Not Recommended,225640,34803364,Posted: 7 September,all,Ayurome,It doesn't open on my laptop. Win 8.1
76561198273366470,Not Recommended,225640,22743373,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,altonsy,"I really don't recomend this game, since it won't even launch on my system, and I bought it in a pack that I can't refund"
,Recommended,225640,18884757,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Game Cooker US Rocks VR,"Note: My Steam hours do not reflect the many hundreds of hours I played at home on my LAN with family and friends. I have the original disks still.Great game. Beautiful. Nice characters but gets easy if you use the exploits. My lips are sealed. Easy to play.Update: You know why I gave this a thumbs up? Because there is nothing about the game that is bad. It may not be that hardcore for some but there is nothing bad about it. It does rquire a good PC to play. I remember way back when playing with the graphics settings for each computer I had helped and disabling PhysX. And the game is much better playing with some friends coop. Boss runs anyone? ;-)For people who need +/- :Minuses: I really didn't have any because I don't care about story in these games. Bugs and glitches if any had no real effect to rate down. My game runs fine.Pluses: Large world to explore. Hidden places. Separate MP sections to go to. Good graphics for my PC. Sexy and cool characters. Lots of quests and repeatable in the MP map.Cool bosses. Coop mode is awesome.Update to my review since I saw only half the people were helped by my review. The game is easy to learn, has lots to do, many skills to tweek, and is a fun RPG for those who like RPGs. I am not sure what people want in life. There is a story if you read each quest but most people don't want to read I suppose. You can make it harder by just tweeking your character in such a way that you don't have all the best stuff nor all the best skills. But that wouldn't be fun would it? You can't have it both ways. Either you are a hero or you are not. Heroes in every other medium are over the top strong and have immense skill.I still say this is a good game OVERALL. That means across the board. The first Sacred without the expansion was harder but I doubt you will find a copy of the original game.Another thing: I have hundreds of hours in this game. I had this game on PC when it first came out and played it for many months. Steam hours are a re-buy."
76561197970631002,Not Recommended,225640,27895668,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bensaja,"gameplay is boring and repetitive, voices terrible and annoying, graphics ok but repetitive. in nothing related to the previous sacred games except the name"
,Not Recommended,225640,30741981,Posted: 25 March,all,Svartsjö,"so if and when you are able to get this game working on a newer machine, you get to play a really hokey ARPG made in 2012 that plays like it was made in 1999"
76561198044061128,Not Recommended,225640,29317411,Posted: 17 January,all,Larimuto,"I bought this on the recent sale .I DO NOT RECOMMEND by this if you  dont  have  virtual machine runing old windows distribution .The game run only if you  set it up to be compatable with  windows vista , and then it frezzes and crashes  on a random  intervals sometimes loosing  last 10-15 min of  game play  regardeless if yu use the save game options ( the game seems to have automatic save after each quest completion , wich dosent affect the  roll back bug at all) .On the game play  side , its  start to drop and trow at you all kinds of stuff wich aint well explaind . Overall it seems fun ,but not well explaind . I personaly had fun   killing everyting as Elven ranger   with one hit , but after loosing  3 times   more than 10 min of game time  i just gave up and regret  buying the game ."
76561198033357842,Not Recommended,225640,32909518,Posted: 27 June,all,Your racist uncle [SALTZGOD],"On sale this is an ok game, but not worth full price at all. Huge, bland world with a very stupid fast-travel system."
76561198006093718,Not Recommended,225640,29469389,Posted: 24 January,all,redfalcon,Can't/ won't run on windows 10. Can't recommend unless you are running older version of windows...then might be worth a go.
76561198034548922,Not Recommended,225640,31010093,Posted: 7 April,all,Akirashima79,"Does not even run, tryed lots of differnt stuff,dont get this ."
76561198052500210,Not Recommended,225640,33112439,Posted: 1 July,all,Croknight,"This game has an extremely annoying camera system that requires at least 3 changes to the basic settings to try to play it without giving yourself a headache. Do yourself a favor and play a different game. D3 and GD are much better options and even DS3 which NEEDS a controller but has tighter controls/camera with either mouse/keyboard or controller.That said, this game is great with a controller (on the PS3) and lightsabers are super cool (go melee Seraphim and super max your shopping skills) even if Sacred 2 isn't as good at the overall hack and slash experience."
76561198066699304,Not Recommended,225640,12702217,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,hunter2222,it carsh a lot
76561198016652549,Not Recommended,225640,23924987,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,2%-Milk,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. I  wish i could refund this game.
76561198307972781,Not Recommended,225640,25397029,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,jmerritt457,wont run
76561198056390913,Not Recommended,225640,33254304,Posted: 4 July,all,tentonpainpills,"This game requires work just to launch.If you liked the PS3 version, this isn't the PS3 version. Very big difference in both gameplay and difference between this and PS3 version.If you like to play games, you won't like this. You'll be busily googling how to get it to launch. And good luck, mimsy.Even for summer sale, which I bought for 3.74$, I feel as if they should be paying me to play this port. Because it's garbage.It's garbage. Please don't buy it, let them suffer for doing this.Please.Don't.Buy.This.Game.It.Is.Really.Freaking.Bad."
66363564364364364,Recommended,225640,33337093,Posted: 7 July,all,[GameTame.com] szczepan,good
76561198051384139,Not Recommended,225640,25843008,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,unkn0wnx,"I am reluctant to write a review after only playing a few hours, but this game is from 2008 and its actually worse than Diablo 1 and 2 (1996 and 2000).  The buttons are tiny the interface are not too good.   The combat animation is poor as well.  Overall a mediocre game."
76561198057599981,Not Recommended,225640,31403316,Posted: 27 April,all,Berdst Friend,Best game ever. Black Screen Sim. Love it. Perfect score of 5 out of 7.
76561198018794479,Recommended,225640,12600995,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Joe Jackdaw,11/106/5110/100
,Not Recommended,225640,28895301,Posted: 1 January,all,ﮎí∩σ∩ ツ,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT DOES NOT EVEN START UP. THERE ARE NOT MANY SUPPORT FORUMS THAT HELP USERS TO GET IT TO WORK AND I SPENT 12 HOURS TO TRY EVERY METHOD AND IT DOES NOT WORK. IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO GET CANCER DONT BUY THIS GAME. EVEN ITS ITS ONLY 4 BUCKS, YOU ARE PAYING 4 BUCKS TO GET CANCER, AIDS, AND BRAIN DAMAGE. BUY BORDERLANDS 2 OR SOMETHING THAT WORKS BEAUTIFULLY (IF UR LOOKING FOR FUN ONLINE CO OP GAMES)"
76561198116953964,Not Recommended,225640,12603445,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,VulpineCloud,Seems like a poor Diablo 2 knock-off...
76561197989406343,Recommended,225640,1215941,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,sartorian darkstorm,The magnitude of awesomeness this game contains is unmeasurable this with no doubt one of the best rpg's ive played though the controls are alittle buggy than its ps3 version but hey atleast we have the expansion
76561198031437632,Recommended,225640,11049796,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Mystic Muffin Top,Awesome game. Hours of gameplay and replayability. Previously owned without the expansion. Now with steam selling the gold edition it just made the game new again !!
,Recommended,225640,11102238,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Skadisson,"Classic and still the most innovative, versatile, beautiful, open and largest Hack & Slay game ever developed."
76561198061327106,Recommended,225640,11074512,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,SkinnierSteve,"I finally got the game to work! The problem was with physx, I didn't have physx installed, but then I installed it, and now the game works!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If you like the first sacred, you'll love this one!"
,Recommended,225640,11200859,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,XLVII,Rat slaying simulator10/10 would slay again
,Recommended,225640,6676638,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,almighty.cricket,"Easy to grasp game, with a huge world, and a great community...if you can find it :D It's corny humor and over the top acting will keep you smiling as you loot, and slaughter you're way through arcadia, good or evil...does it matter? Either way it's up to you."
76561197971706261,Recommended,225640,12022170,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Directorix,For all I can say this is the ultimate Version of Sacred 2. With most of the bugs purged and a large world to play it still has a lot to offer. Even or especially in the days of Diablo 3. Sacred 2 is for those who seek the need for freedom and openness. You will and should continue playing Sacred 2 since its successor isn't granting you a huge world to play and has merely become a free2play game that was turned into a fullprice title within the last second however is not losing the smell of its inferior heritage. Let Sacred 2 have its renessaince for good.
,Recommended,225640,690567,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Zombie,"Highly recommend this underrated title. A cross between hack and slash with MMO exploration elements. Crazy classes and abilities, lots of items, crafting, nice visuals and a huge place to explore with tonnes of questions."
76561198025356864,Recommended,225640,7447914,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,soliloquyofkaos,sehr gutes & umfangreiches RPG!
,Recommended,225640,763026,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,Creep Face McGraw,"An older RPG, but it still looks good and has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of content. The classes you can choose from are all pretty interesting and the character customization is quite deep. The normal edition of Sacred 2 was incredibly unstable and buggy, but it seems to have been fixed with the gold edition. The only complaint I have is that controlling your character feels a little stiff sometimes."
76561197997774537,Recommended,225640,20016699,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,bmongo,"Great game, still likes on par with Diablo 3"
,Recommended,225640,1355391,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,atrevelan,"Super, super janky but I've put more time into this than any other game in the past five years. Good to finally get it on Steam AND have the expansion in the US!"
,Recommended,225640,376438,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,KPEX,"Pretty decent ARPG good gfx, huge world, non-linear, unrestrictive talent/spell tree, can use guns!"
,Recommended,225640,23267093,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,pmatt00046,Ok game.  Same thing time after time.  Not much variety to fighting.  I will continue to play until I get to a part of the game that is too tough for me to get past.  I guess I very slightly recommend the game.
76561197970313164,Recommended,225640,391479,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Dedmeatzz,"Kill, loot.... errr ... more loot !!!"
76561198017002116,Recommended,225640,3073557,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Capn_Tucker,"Sacred 2 Gold is an outstanding game that has finally become available on Steam. Great graphics, HUGE game world and 600 quests. 7 very different player characters to choose from. I highly recommend this game.."
76561197992418106,Recommended,225640,1378287,"Posted: 24 April, 2013",all,cosminchifan,Good game..
,Recommended,225640,14429371,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,TheAniGamer,"December 25th, 2008; I receive a PS3 for christmas, but get no games for it so I'm stuck playing COD Classic after purchasing it from PSN, The next day I finally get to go to Best Buy and pick out my first game to test out what HD graphics can look like, and also see what the system can offer me. So obviously the cover catches my eye, as well as it being an open-world RPG. I was stoked at first glance, but obviously skeptical. I get home and pop Sacred 2 - Fallen Angel into the PS3. It loads up and I see the menu screen; it looks good so far but not TRULY impressed. Then the game starts...My jaw touched the floor after seeing the game, and stayed there after playing it for 5+ hours my first night. Don't let my play time on STEAM fool you, I have accumulated several hundred hours on this game and let me tell you, it is all around perfect with so much replayability its unbelieveable. The graphics are spot-on, the world is truly the biggest map I've ever played in for an RPG, and the music is immersive as well as diverse. Though, the ""catch-phrases"" or little dialouge bits each character has can get quite repetitive, yet does not take to much away from the game it self. But sadly Ascaron is out of business but it is still WAY better and 100% worth the $20 bucks on STEAM (heck, it was even $40 when it came out, so the game has always been worth the purchase). Honestly my personal favorite underrated RPG, and the music used is from Blind Guardian so how can you complain with that? 9.5/10 only beacuse the graphics are a bit dated and the catch-phrases can get old, overall still worth it, so stop reading and get exploring!"
76561197967874190,Recommended,225640,14395196,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Wasabi_Donut,Still mucho more better then Diablo III
76561197999063812,Recommended,225640,14899981,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Idolismo,"Big fan of Sacred 1 series, Sacred 2 does things in a lsightly different way but does not disappoint!Usually it ends one way ""Just one more mob"" or ""Just one more level"".So if you're a fan of Sacred 1 and the likes of it I definitely reccomend you to check out Saced 2 as well!"
76561198182448285,Recommended,225640,14724021,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,iersoy,"If you're still having problems even though you set up Compatibility and PhysX ,try this: Open the game inside Steam using Console icon topmost right which displays  Steam in Full Screen :) Worked for me."
76561198052280181,Recommended,225640,13300983,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,b_standaert,"This game is awesome as a RPG Open world Hack and slash with lots of things to do. The graphic are beautifull considering the age of the game... If you like torchlight 2, Diablo II  or skyrim, you might take a look at this one. A word of warning: choose your class wisely and level your charater regarding a preplan you made first. Leveling understanding had me confused quite a bit at the beginning and it leave me no choice but read some build and the meaning of all this buff and perk you can invest into. I strongly reccommend you do the same if you are new to the franchise as the game is not forgiving at all and messing a character is easy. That said I love every aspect of the game but the camera control and had to get use to it. The combat music was also annoying and horrible to my taste, once again I dig a bit on the net and found a way to turn it off. Now here is what is good with the game:- Open world - Huge map.- Lots of option (may be too much for certain player) to level and customize your character the way you want- Lots of side quest, some easy some not.- A good story line, if you read the book you found during exploration the world of sacred 2 start to make sense- Yes you can ride a horse- Combat mechanic is Diablo II style, even better.- Plenty monster to fight- Navigation in this game is a bliss with 3 different sorts of map and a compass... no GPS though (kidding).- Variety of weapon, armor, items and spells- The resurection system is fine tuned here... yes I died and died and died while experimenting tactics.- And much much more I missed... just 18Hrs in the game.Conclusion: If you like open world RPG with hack and slash element this game is made for you. If you are new to RPG this one might be a high learning curve with hiccup but it stills worth it. Did I mention the game is fun to play? Yes it is indeed. My rate: 8/10 (still hate the camera system, no exit so far in dungeon but the way in (I am picky here), the combat music is horrible..., Multiplayer server down -> they do not exist at all... but I like to play RPG alone anyway.)Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,225640,13555840,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Warondar,"The Sacred series has a very solid following of diehard fans, and there are a number of very good reasons why it does.  Sacred 2 will bring you MANY, MANY hours of emotional roleplay gaming enjoyment, but also misery.  You'll be elated one minute, then depressed the next....to the point of irony.But why do I find the game so great and worth getting?I ended up with a LONG run-on sentence listing all the reasons (not that my writing skills are even good anyways), so here's a numbered list to make things a bit easier to read:1. It's got tons of loot (loot hoarder paradise);2. an immense open world to explore (too big to adequately cover with one playthrough);3. an overwhelming amount of quests (again, too much to cover in one playthrough);4. Each Class has the capability of being developed to be a solid character to carry you through multiple playthroughs at different difficulties (these are level dependant);5. The leveling and development choices are flexible enough to build that character the way you want to play;6. And finally....BLIND GUARDIAN!!!  A for real heavy metal band can be found in the game, but I don't want to spoil it for you too much.  (psst...come here...hush, hush ok?  There's a questline with an amazing ending.)<---No♥♥♥♥♥♥Sherlock!So hey, if point 6 about a 1980s Heavy Metal Band from Germany who's music rocks the hell out the game doesn't make this an instant sale....well man, I really don't know what will.The music (and yes! Heavy Metal is freakin music, don't you dare say otherwise! hehe) makes any fight an EPIC deathmatch (even against those dam rats.   And here's a tip about rats, no joke, you see one of those and the music goes metal on you, RUN! RUN TO THE HILLS!)And Yes, There were/are bugs in the game:I've played through some game breaking bugs when this game came out, to the point of wanting to rip my hair out and destroy my computer, and everything else in my reach!!  I'm just glad that MOST of them have been fixed, but I'd advise you to do like I do (as almost every other Sacred 2 player has learned).... SAVE....SAVE OFTEN!  It's a good practice to follow for any game anyways.The game tended to crash at almost identical intervals of time, forcing you to reload that last save.And then there was the corrupted characters, but I don't want to go there, it's just too painful to relive that.Getting and Buying the Sacred games:I've bought Sacred 2 when it first came out, then later I bought Sacred 2: Fallen Angel Collector's Edition, and now I bought Sacred 2: Gold to finally have the Ice & Blood expansion to play the Dragon Mage class.Finally, I'd like to point out something VERY important about the Sacred series as a whole.  The followers and diehards of the Sacred series (most of the players anyways) DO NOT consider Sacred 3 and Sacred: Citadels of really being Sacred games.   They are Sacred in name only, that's it, that's all.  You might disagree and debate it until you turn blue in the face, but that fact will still remain true to most  players who've played through the series since the start.So, DO get:+Sacred+Sacred Underworld Expansion=Sacred Gold (both combined)+Sacred 2: Fallen Angel+Sacred 2: Ice and Blood Expansion=Sacred 2 Gold (both combined)and visitThe Sacred Wikifor all your needs including maps, walkthroughs, and access to the community patches.And DON'T get:-Sacred 3-Sacred CitadelsINSTEAD of those 2 which are a sacrilage to the Sacred series, support and wait for the real successor, called Unbended!  It's a game in development by the original developers of Sacred.http://www.unbended.zone/http://www.sacredwiki.org/index.php/Unbended:AetherraIn closing, dam this is WAY WAY too long, but I had lots to say about the game and the series.Just get the game, especially since it's on sale for like $5 right now during the Xmas sale.  You'll get your money's worth in just doing the tutorial portion believe me."
76561198104337278,Recommended,225640,9313998,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,davisp72,"I searched and tried everything to make this game work.I finally changed my driver and BAM it worked. A great game if you like hack, slash, loot, repeat. Big fan and would suggest that if you are willing to read to find out how to make the game work on pc. Then you should buy this!!!! Or you could get lucky like some people and it just starts no problem."
,Recommended,225640,12769654,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Raiva Storm,"It has a bit of a learning curve, but it's a pretty fun ARPG."
,Recommended,225640,11612934,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,atomaweapon,"this is a pretty fun game. not earth shattering but fun to unwind, click on stuff and kill it."
,Recommended,225640,11586556,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Edzio21,"Awesome game!!!! so so so epic Storyline, gameplay, etc"
76561197995816764,Recommended,225640,11308442,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,garlain2002,Where is the manual?
,Recommended,225640,12700239,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Darthvegeta800,"An excellent game that with the community patch only got better.2 storylines per class, many classes. And each class has its own god to choose from.Plenty of skills, loot and addicting gameplay... combined with plenty of tongue in cheek humor.If you like Hack and Slash RPGs... give it a try. This one like Sacred 1... is a unique experience."
,Recommended,225640,7516962,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Baron von Arthur,"The online is technically shut down but there is an executable file you can download to play online with friends -- including myself -- and this game is really a hardcore RPG experience.If you like RPGs from a top down perspective where you only control one character like Torchlight, Diablo II, A Bard's Tale, or a medieval version of Fallout; then this is a great title to be had. It's even better with friends.A fun RPG experience with tons of quests, a large map with no hardly any load screens, lots of loot, and even the metal band Blind Guardian.+ Great graphics considering the scale of the world and amount of content+ Physics being ragdolls and debris to kick around, totally mindless, pointless fun, but I adore it all the same+ Kick-[butt] soundtrack feat. Blind Guardian as themselves, and for a side-quest no less.+ Enough classes to choose from that everyone is likely to find their class(es) of choice+ Hardcore RPG for hardcore role-players+ Challenging moments+ Tons of loot+ Doesn't take itself too seriously+ Carrier imp+ Soooooo many quests+ Tons of replayability+ Fun with friends+ Art style has a very Todd McFarlane feel to it+ Blends science fiction and medieval fantasy for an amazing world- Too much bloom, my eyes begin to hurt after a while- The voice acting- Casual role-players, or action seekers will quickly turned off by combat and massive amount of class customization- Character creation too limited (female characters can choose hairstyle from about 4 styles, and hair color from an RGB slider, all classes can choose skin color, except for Temple Guardian)- Servers were shut down long ago, LAN only (unless you run specific software)"
,Recommended,225640,4503467,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,DaedricDan,"Such a brilliant, beautiful game! Needs time to get used to, but it's worth it in the end!"
,Recommended,225640,7700879,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Bio_Dio,"I've bought this game 3 times - 1st time on the PS3, 2nd time for PC digitally from the publisher (sucked), and the 3rd time on Steam.I love Sacred 2, and even after all these years, I keep coming back for re-rolls and new adventures... the world is massive, probably the biggest and most well crafted world in gaming, I keep finding new places each time I play. You can still play co-op via LAN (Hamachi / Tunngle). If you buy, be sure to download the latest Community Patch! It'll improve your game so much that it'll look like a new expansion!"
76561198205099087,Recommended,225640,27735969,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Parasite,"Various weapons, characters, skills and an enormous map to explore.Sacred 2 never gets old."
76561198011546355,Recommended,225640,28010540,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Denkoo,An action RPG that I still come back to from time to time to scratch that itch.
,Recommended,225640,34446106,Posted: 23 August,all,Lielanthris,"I like the game, has a titan quest type of feel. Only thing I dislike is the font and font size."
76561197994971393,Recommended,225640,22302864,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Occupant,"My first review of this game was negative. But I spent some more time on the game and my opinion of it improved considerably.Some of my negative impressions were still present. The game doesn't have a very intuitive UI. Some common features to isometric games aren't present, and that takes some getting used to. Also, the female garb is absurdly sexualized.However, the more I played, the more I could appreciate just how much mechanical depth and content has been put into the game. So many quests, so many combat arts, and so many items. It is actually a very solid Diablo 3 clone, and I would recommend it for fans of the genre."
,Recommended,225640,17430716,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,The Fn Man,"How to enjoy this game:Options > Gameplay > Enable Automatic Zoom CurveNow you can move with your mouse.Windows 10 users: It takes 3 attempts to boot up the game for the first time after installing.First and second attempt: End the Sacred 2 process using task manager.Trust me, I made the game work on my Windows 10 computer."
76561198004088983,Recommended,225640,34231921,Posted: 14 August,all,eldrasis,"The story is a trope-laden cheesy mess. It's on the line where it's hard to tell if it's a failed joke or is just legitimately bad.The campaign is so incredibly long that even with tons more playtime than this on my pre-expansion buy from another service, I have no idea how much further I have to finish.I keep this around because unlike so many other games in the genre, it lets you mess with your character sheet. You get to set up combos, develop your abilities, and assign skills. It lets you come up with your own way of playing the game and lets you run wild with it.Fair warning: you'll want to mess with the control settings a bit to make it handle like other ARPGs"
