user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,226320,29581536,Posted: 30 January,all,Gobbey,"A lot of negative reviews are getting jumped on so I wanted to summarise why people are so angry/disappointed in this game.Firstly, a total gear reset is happening. They're adding new tiers of artifacts, new slot 1-5 gear, new costume cores - pretty much the only items you won't replace are legendaries, insignias and rings. This has been justified by Asros as ""all mmo's do gear resets, this is normal"".Here's the problem: When other MMO's do this, they also introduce new content in which to obtain said gear. We have been waiting for any new zones/terminals/raids for a LONG time. for the past two years the devs have spent the majority of their time doing ""52 reviews"", a series of balancing patches for each individual hero. They stated once these were done, and every hero was on a level playing field, they would release raid content because then everyone could take part.This has not happened. Instead they finished their 52 reviews in early 2016 and then spent most of this year working on a secret ""biggest update ever"" which completely tore all these reviews apart and left a mishmash of bugs and power inconsistencies that has rendered 75% of the heroes significantly weaker, and far behind the few that are viable for endgame content. It's been a month since they've done this and they've only just announced that they're fixing 1 of the 40ish heroes that they have broken. So do we have to wait another 40 months for a new raid while they go back and re-review the mess they've made?When the ""Biggest systems update ever"" happened - we were left with exactly the same content/zones as before, but now they changed several heroes archetypes, changed the actual function of several artifacts, and didn't offer any free unbinds so that you could fix everybodies gear. If (like myself) you had made the effort to gear up all 50+ heroes prior to this, you're now left with a roster totally equipped with the wrong items, and if you didn't hoard credit chests (which have now been removed) - you can expect to farm credits for a couple of hours for every single hero you want to unbind items for (or you can buy matrix of unbinding from the cash shop for 50 cents each, so a few dollars per hero).So now we've been informed this week that even if we spent time/money unbinding these artifacts, it doesn't really matter because now they're releasing a higher tier of cosmic artifacts, which have somehow been shoehorned in before omega items. This has completely removed any motivation for people to play the game. You can farm the same old content for the same old items but when they actually manage to release these new items, which will also be farmed in the same old content, anything we have now will be rendered inferior. Why would we play a game knowing full well the items we're recieving are imminently useless, and the new items will be farmed from the exact same content that we're farming now?The ultimate insult to the PC playerbase is that these changes have been justified as ""for the health of the game"" - when in reality, the changes have been made to facilitate a conversion to a console game. The game is slower, the items are simpler, the customisation has gone, visuals such as size increase were removed with no compensation, and cash shop boosts have been simplified all for this one aim: To make the game viable for console release. Devs on the forum have let slip that they're doing this leading to massive censorship and damage control, but at this point we all know it's happening. It's in the game code, models have been designed for PS4, and some of the design changes are glaringly obvious.The fact of the matter is the devs have been lying to the fanbase for years, making empty promises, delaying content, but this last year has been the ultimate kick in the teeth because they've spent the last year creating next to no new content while running a series of sales. This money that they have been taking from the PC players is being used to fund a console release at the expense of the quality of the game. It's greedy, it's dishonest, and it's frankly insulting that they can't be straightforward and tell their fans precisely what they're doing."
76561197960946615,Not Recommended,226320,30132906,Posted: 23 February,all,Leusipher,"Plenty of people post reviews and point out how many hours they've played or how much money they claimed to have spent on the game. Here's one from a guy who has spent nothing on it and only has 6 hours played.My kids played Super Hero Squad Online until they shut it down. They were bummed so I said ""Hey! Why don't you try this Marvel Heroes game? You're a bit young for it but let's give it a shot. I'll even try playing it with you guys.""We played it for awhile and they thought it was pretty fun. They started talking about it all the time and were excited when we would all play together.Then the update happened...We went to play and saw it had a huge update. They were sad but I was like ""Maybe your guys will get some cool new powers or something!"" Once again excited we waited for everybody to get updated.We started playing and my youngest says ""Where did all my points go?"" I said, ""Looks like you don't get to customize anything for awhile or something now, not really sure I understand.""My middle kid says,""Why am I moving so slowly?"" I say, ""I don't know buddy, my guy feels a bit sluggish too.""My oldest then turns around, looks at me and wimpers, ""My robot friends are gone..."" I look at his guy and I sadly state, ""You can't get them again until you level up some more I think.""Meanwhile I am trying to figure out why Deadpool is doing more dying than killing now. The kids quit and say, ""Sorry Daddy, we're gonna go play some Roblox together. This game is not any fun any more.""I silently agree with them and have no desire to try and figure out the new system and go back to playing Path of Exile.--------------------------------------@Sainguin Libras I appreciate your comments but you have missed my point. Personally I'm not invested in the game. I don't really care one way or another about it. Certainly not enough to write a review based on my opinion.However, I thought it worthwhile to post the thoughts of my kids. They have no ax to grind with the company. No powerful characters derived from abusing mechanics they can no longer take advantage of. Nothing other than the simple way a kid looks at a game, they either like it or they don't. My kids went from liking it to not liking it after the patch.They have gone back to playing Roblox. @Mr. Scruffle pointed out that Roblox is worse than Marvel. I wouldn't know as I don't play it but the kids seems to like it. They are 4, 6 and 8 so their tastes do vary quite a bit from a grown man though. I'm still not sure why @Mr. Scruffle felt the need to review Roblox but maybe that will help someone out if they were thinking of giving Roblox a try and were reading Marvel reviews."
,Not Recommended,226320,29413679,Posted: 21 January,all,Wilfrid Wong,"Updated Sep 23, 2017 based on patch 2.16. PC has no major content update since Jan 2016 when David Brevik (founder of Diablo, Diablo 2, and Marvel Heroes) left. Biggest Update Ever (BUE) hit PC platform one year later after much delay. The update generally deemed as a major failure The promised Omega Patch now delay for another 9 months and counting. The developer has abandoned the PC platform and moved into PS4 and XB1 only to face the brutal reality that just 1% console population stays on after 3 months of launch in Jun 2017. In short, this game is going down fast. Play, you may. As it is free. But think hard before paying. And yes, this is essential a pay-to-play / pay-for-power / pay-to-win game.----I am one of those passionate veterans who have played this game since closed beta, March 2013. I have clocked in 1,500 played hours prior to playing via Steam so whatever you see in Steam, add that to it. I am a content contributor of this game in YouTube making guides and more for new players. I have also contributed around US$700 to this game. Would I recommend this game to new players? Sure. You will get a decent 20-40 hours of fun playing as one of the Marvel characters free. But would I recommend you to invest time and money into this game? Right now, it is a no.9 months of very little update promising a 'biggest update ever' for the fans, here are my views from the moment this update was live till now.David Brevik the founder of Diablo has left Marvel Heroes and joined Path of Exile. The effect of his departure is certainly felt through this new update that is done by a new team.It is obvious that they are focusing on (1) expanding into console (simplfying the game) and (2) new player base.As a veteran, I feel that all my existing 59 heroes have regressed and we are being asked to farm almost everything again on the old content. This may not concern the new players. But remember, one day you will become veteran.To follow up on the above point, I feel that most of my dollar contribution is used to fund a vast part of the update that either (1) I don't care because I don't play console or (2) change a vast part of the game that I don't like. You may think this may not concern you. But one day, you too will become a paying customer.This game has adopted a pay to play / pay for power model. Earning XP and in-game credit has become harder. Item farming may become slower since they have slowed down the game. Costume crafting may not be as easy as before.The pace of this game has slowed down a great deal and has become very clunky. In the genre of ARPG, you gain farm efficiency as you gear up and learn your hero. Now it is almost back to zero.Good loots very rarely come by. Unless of course you pay a booster to have more loots.In fact, with the new boosts that hit the store (patch 2.03), it is now become very clear why (1) we have to re-farm almost all the gears, (2) the game has slowed down so much, and (3) all the crafting recipes that in the past sped up gearing of alt heroes are gone. Because now, we have many good reasons to buy boosts in order to advance in the game like before.There is still no new content, though they have set out a 2017/18 timeline. But to me, words are empty. And I have been hearing the same thing over months and years with this game. At the end of the day, words are just words. Action speaks. And as of now, GAZ has lost all the credentials.Right after the biggest update that promised to update all the heroes, I have put in time to adapt to the new hero design. Some heroes immediately got another round of 'quality of life' update that in some instances, destroy build variety. This shows (1) that the biggest update wasn't ready (like many of us have raised prior to the launch) (2) and that there is a clear lack of vision and direction of where this game should go.If inventory management was an issue before, inventory management now is a total nightmare with the new items to think through and the old items to go through. I think it is to promote more stash sales.I am expected to swap gears and bear the cost of doing so among all my 59 heroes because they have changed the entire system. I have never seen any ARPG that does that.Loot drop and UI is still a mess. I can't even see what I am fighting.Buff and debuff icons are mostly non-existence. This is so essential as a ARPG.And I still can't see what the boss does in this game. They should have done something about UI in the update.If I want to play a D3 clone, I would play D3. And yes, Marvel Heroes in this 'biggest update ever' has attempted to copy Diablo 3. From paragon system to how gear is designed. Except, the copying wasn't that good. Instead of improving on the existing system, GAZ has decided to drop it completely and design a new one (or rather, copy from D3). But like all systems, GAZ would need time to improve and make them work. I hope they have thought of that before dropping what they had.One last point before closing. End game in this game is close to non-exist. You could pay up to $20 for a hero pack. But the play time for me is just around 2 hours for each hero at the current state.Com'on Gazillion. Give us the veterans new content. A reason to play.Biggest letdown ever for me, for now. Sorry.My view may change though, if Marvel Heroes has become better."
76561198006588131,Not Recommended,226320,29792503,Posted: 8 February,all,Borogoves,"I've put a lot of hours in to the game. Had a lot of fun until the new set of Devs decided to change things for the ""health of the game"" While there is stuff in their Biggest Update Ever that is good like the hero reworks, most of it is bad. First they are doing it in stages. Even though they have been planning this for most of last year they haven't set out much of a road map since their vague blogs that only got less informative as they went on. Any player that asks whats next and they give a line like ""Secret stuff"" or we have plans.With a massive update this big they really should have all this layed out. Not give us the line that the next part (omega items) are still at the early phase when they said before it would follow right after the hero reworks. Instead they change HPs and damage without the coresponding parts. So currently we have a game thats is 1/3 of the way done with nothing new to do but grind out the same content that we have for years only slower.For a company that said they are working on Quality over Quantity they have done neither over most of last year and leading into the new year. They pointlessly reworked the story mode into a linear map that you go from point A to B only have no real rewards in that mode. Still have X-Defence, Holosim and the Danger room that need reworking. They changed from releasing a hero a month to eight a year only to have the players still waiting on some that were preordered in 2015.I've gone from being hopeful on what they promised to baffled on the some decisions they are making. Releasing stuff that should have been part of a second phase, changing items dropping in harder content that you need those items to get to, lowering XP as a whole while keeping Infinity points XP needed very high. Devs keep saying it will all make sense when its all finished but thats looking like its going to be months out and we are playing a second beta all while unsure what the state of the game will be when its finished."
76561198048341315,Not Recommended,226320,30160408,Posted: 24 February,all,Dominant,"I used to have nothing but glowing recommendations about this game, unfortunately the new dev team has taken the game in a direction that just isn't all that fun to play. I am not talking about the BUE update or how I think the Shield Supply Points to be a disgusting Pay To Win money grab. I am talking about how those currently in charge of development simply ignore their community in forums that are their specifically for the content people are complaining about. Take this weeks Black Bolt release (Hint: It is not going well), and the fact that the devs are all but ignoring the very fans that begged them not to release him in his current state.I've supported this game since beta, my hours on Steam don't even take into account the year or so played before their was a Steam release. I did it because the game was fun, and now, it is less so, but I could look over that. The dev team (Then lead by David Brevik) were the main reason I supported this game in the beginning, they seemed to be as vested in us, as we were in them. Unfortunately this new dev team doesn't seem concerned about that aspect of the industry. Oh well, there are still many great dev teams with great games out there, I guess it's time to venture forth.TL;DR I tend to support devs I trust, this new dev team lost that trust, and doesn't seem interested in earning it back."
76561197996121592,Not Recommended,226320,29772540,Posted: 7 February,all,Fatal Error,"If you enjoy updates that...1.) offer no new content2.) take powers away3.) make your characters weaker4.) make your characters slower5.) neutralize your gear while promising new gear ""soon"" (TM)...then THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!Everyone else, play something more fun and rewarding... like minesweeper.Most players seem to agree.  Follow this link.  The little bump on the right is the update and then it's pretty clearly downhill...http://steamcharts.com/app/226320#1y"
,Not Recommended,226320,29772754,Posted: 7 February,all,Deltatech,"This title ruined my faith in steams review system,After experiencing the game change and seeing that this game supposedly shows overall mostly positive reviews, I think Gazillion is abusing  the steam review system and paying White Knights to troll the forums.I willl never buy another product from Gazillion, Marketing Wouldn't LISTEN TO THE VETERAN PLAYERS,The Dev team made a good game and the Marketing team totally ruined it.IF YOU START PLAYING/PAYING GAZILLION WILL RIP YOU OFF TOO,DON'T GIVE THESE CROOKS YOUR MONEY.DON'T BUY ANYTHING INGAME.THEY WILL MAKE EVERYTHING YOU BUY USELESS SO YOU HAVE TO BUY MORE..The massive game changing overhaul was a big F.U. to the loyal veteran playerbase and community, the unwanted and drastic changes ruined this game. Stear clear until they revert the changes.They will do the same thing to the console people that they did to the PC Veterans,Gazillion is trying to dupe new players into buying items/heros and once they get your money they will change demographics again and then YOU will be feeling ripped off after you have paid for a game you no longer want to play.I was a player since Beta, I did quit for a year or two then came back, I got maybe four months of fun out of this game before they ruined it. I had every character,a pet for each, all stashes unlocked and on top of that all 50+ characters of mine had ALL unique gear which was made useless with this update.This was the BIGGEST NERF I have ever seen in 30+YEARS OF GAMING.If you didn't get to play this before the update then you missed out on the PRIME of this game.The servers are dead and it prob won't be long before the servers are permenently offline.The update didn't revitalize this game, it killed it. 07/01/2017 less than 800 players currently online."
,Not Recommended,226320,29775847,Posted: 7 February,all,05waynie03,"The new update is utter trash. As a player since 2013 I have to say the game has downgrade to fun and addicting to slow and boring and P.S. why would the developers make the unlimited teleports limited after so long, that was one of the main machanics that made the fun, skills such nightcraler's teleport ability, deadpools teleport belt, etc."
76561198096269400,Not Recommended,226320,30112804,Posted: 22 February,all,Doomed,"tl;drA game with great potential that's now all too willing to throw long-time players under the bus to ""gather more data"" in the name of ""it's for your own good.""The good:A full lineup of your favorite Marvel ip heroes (and villains) doing their thingA wide variety of game modes .Events, events, and more events on a regular basisA mostly friendly community that's willing to help out a new player at every turnRegularly visually updated heroes and environment that look fantasticThe bad:The heroes (and vilains) ARE your main new contentHorrendous and time consuming inventory management systemCrippling interaction system that make this game a single player experienceSkin deep development of game content in every nodePoor optimization demands more from your system, visual clutter makes less of your system's capabilitiesThe ugly:Zero accountability at every level and constant repositioning of the company leads to a discombobulated gamePaying boutique prices for an alpha experienceIffy oversight, BUE upheaval, and unprofessional communication enable ongoing strife and acrimonyHeavy emphasis on designer vision of balance, light emphasis on user experienceLarge Blocks of Text:Well I found out that steam reviews have a character limit, so I'll focus on why I basically stopped playing and do not recommend this game: the ugly.There is zero accountability at this company from the top down, and this is reflected in the game: months are spent on new game modes which are quickly disgarded in favor of a new direction when all it takes to update them is updating the loot discovered in these modes to the latest thing; various ""exclusive"" items are put in the game at incredible prices such as $30 USD for achanceto draw these items from a pack of Fortune Cards then are made completely worthless later on by having the staff giving these cash only cosmetic items away in events or new ""boost"" boxes; crippling ""balance-based"" nerf adjustments are made on-the-fly to popular heroes while promised quality of life updates or boosts take years before implementation; specific feedback threads exist in hero forums for each hero that detail the same complaints or in some cases character-breaking bug reports for years but when updates eventually are made to the hero, it's as if nothing was ever written in black and white and a developer openly stating ""well we never heard anything about this being a problem"" until there's an open uproar in that specific hero community; there's a Test Center where many players volunteer their time and report reproduceable, glaring, game breaking bugs, yet these bugs still make it to live because ""we need more data"" until they're abused to death and create further dissention among the active player base because now they feel entitled to these bugs; the whole return of the ""tiers of difficulty"" bad old days with the return of a head game developer with fetid reviews at best last time around; the hits go on.The prices in this game are expensive a-la-carte - one stash is $5, hero specific stashes are $3.5, costumes run into the teens, and that's not even delving into heroes, teamups, and ultimate power upgrades.  The staff has ameliorated this somewhat by providing a ""daily draw"" system where a player can draw a coupon of up to 90% off, but the sobering reality with the ongoing Biggest Update Ever(BUE) is, you can buy 20k + G at 90% off, but the very next week everything you've progressed on in this game will have changed, so now you can have that fancy costume or hero stash for a hero you may no wonder want to play, or you can deck out a hero that's fantastic, only to have that hero be changed into something completely unrecognizable within a week's span of time.The community in this game used to be one of the most friendly I've ever encountered: people in social, LFG, or even price-gouging trade channels are all willing to go out of their way to help out a player that's newly starting out, and there's always a giveaway running on the forums for a cash item or an in game item, no strings attached.  This has been mostly drowned out by the bitterness enabled by iffy moderation on BUE feedback.  Veterans of the game would post their genuine hurt at how their years of play and work feels like they are completely null now gets ganged upon by goons who say something along the lines of ""well, don't play then"" or ""why don't you quit"" or ""maybe you should learn how to git gud and boost TTL LOL dummy killer expert,"" and when these veterans inevitably get riled up and retaliate, bam, they are jailed or banned by moderation.  In recent weeks, more attention has been paid  to moderating instigators as well, but the damage is already done, and it is a very divisive, fractious, and sometimes petty atmosphere that currently permeates throughout the game.To add injury to insult, the unprofessional and generally untrained, unpolished communications from the company do not help matters: from redirecting criticism by targetting the submission format (we can't hear your feedback because you didn't follow our format), to repeatedly making announcements on personal twitter before they appear anywhere in game, on the official site, or on the official forums, to waffling more than IHOP and doing 180s on a regular basis that'snotbased on player feedback but ""we went into a meeting,"" to outright replying to player responses with sarcasm; in summary, paid professionals who don't act like it.The worst part is how developers have seemed to fallen in line behind a ""we design it, you take it, like it or not"" philosophy since the second half of 2016 that only seems to put a token weight, if any, on player experience.  I don't mean that game developers should follow the royal dictates of the player-monolithic-entity; rather, designs and changes that have made it to the live versions of the game in recent months feel like at their core, their first, second, and third priorities is to conform to some nebulous vision of the future of the designer, not the experience of the invested player population of their long-released game.  Take tuning as an example: the repeated, unmitigated upgrades to mob ranged damage and DoT damage combined with the mobility changes all serve the long-term goal of the designer to make the game ""more interesting to actually play from battle to battle"" and move away from a purely end-goal oriented loot run.  Yet in the process of getting from point A to point B, existing players are effectively put on a spit and roasted over a fire to ""accumulate more data"" for designers:  Oh so our big Cosmic Moving Circle of Death kills you in 2 seconds now if you are built to do reasonable damage?  And if you build full tank it takes you 10 minutes to kill a boss but at least you can stand in the CMCOD with no cooldown for 4 seconds?  What if we gave you ""cosmic"" gear that allows you to stand in our CMCOD for 4 seconds and actually deal some damage before scurrying like a rat?  What did you say you want? Actually building more interesting battles that aren't bullet hells or whailing on HP sponges that now hit like a brick wall? That comes later, we want to tune first, then maybe make your experience fun.There's something that's often parroted by the goons on the official boards ""If you hate this game so much, why don't you play something else"".  That's actually pretty good advice, the main problem is the source of the ""advice.""  If you are encouraging a part of your own community to tell another part of your community to go away, how are you going to grow your player base?  That's why there are all sorts of theories such as a move to console - there's no other rational explanation for how poorly this game has treated its oldest customers in the last half year."
76561198061736988,Not Recommended,226320,29876640,Posted: 12 February,all,President Donald Trump,"Sorry I have to change my review of this game. They changed a lot of things I liked about the game :/ and I no longer play it they ruined everything that made the game great and my previous review will be left here to let everyone know how great the game used to be.You can read my previous review here.So its about time I wrote a review for this game. My brother was the one that told me about it, and given other previous marvel super hero games I was reluctant but having tried this one, I am glad he told me about it. I will give a quick summary as to why.Character customization is pretty indepth and there are multiple builds and styles you can go for, with each hero and there are also long term player staying mechanics such as omega points for those people who love to keep playing but keep getting rewarded with power by doing so, you will constantly get stronger.Items, there are countless items, uniques, legendaires and you name it, even pets and team up heroes that help you.Story line is very long, in depth and has some pretty interesting comic book style cinimatics.Playable heroes, there are tons of heroes to choose from and you can play all of them if you really wanted without even spending a dime.Free, when I say free I mean free. Everything can be bought with real money or without real money. If you want to be a free player there is nothing wrong with that and its entirely possible to do without horrendous grind schemes.Graphics are pretty good.If I were to rate diablo 3, I would rate that game as a 5, and this game as an 8."
76561198008640159,Not Recommended,226320,29893483,Posted: 12 February,all,Heinz the Baron,"So after playing the BUE for a while now and after playing for quite a whilebefore the BUE at this moment i cannot recomend this game at this time. Howeversince the BUE is nor done this review may change once it is all relesed (doubt it).To begin with the runes....sorry talents basically just took your one point powers and locked them behinda talent. As an example Gambit used to have 3 skills, one that gave you HP, one that gave you dodge chanceand one that let you respawn when defeated.You would usually put one pointin each to gain atleast a little benefit of each, especially the cheat death skill.Now with the ru... talents you have to choose only one of three, and its not really achoice since you can just teleport to a hub and choose a diffirent talent. Alas from what i have seenmost of if not all the characters got the same treatment with their one pointers.I guess they had to do that since they went from having 3 skill bar choicesto one, so yes only 8 skills available to use, well 7 if you useyour dash skill.That's not too bad but since alot of the characters have quitea bit of cooldown powers, however most don't have spirit to manage, it iskind of an odd path they chose to go down.The next issue i have with this update and to me the biggest issue out of thispatch is the removal of the omega system and replacing it with the ""new""parag..... i mean omega system. Sure the omega sytem had a lot of nodesand may have confused new players, but it did open up new and differentoptions that you could atleast try out. Was there alot of copying of builds?Well, yes there was, but it'll be even more apparent in the ""new"" stystem seeingas how each gem has 6 options. But most players will choose the obviousin each gem, like Crit chance, or brute chance, sig power, move speed, dashcooldown and so on. So we will be seeing the same distribution in pointsespecially since we have alot fewer options. And once again just like D3 it bringsit from a Loot Grind to an EXP Grind in order to advance to higher difficulty.Which brings me to my next point....the loot. They have already stated theat the next threeheroes will ship with uniques, which they plan on getting rid of in the futurefor Omega items. Since the next three heroes will have uniques (those being Beast, Nick Fury and Black Boltif im not mistaken) they usually ship one (1) hero per month. So minimumwe're looking at atleast three (3) months with no Omega gear.Unless they plan on shipping 2 heroesin one month (doubt it). Now they plan on releasing Cosmic artifacts, which are basically the sameold artifacts with one random extra affix (stat) on them. Those being,15% Primary Resource Cost Reduction2000 Defense Rating,2000 Dodge Rating,2000 Deflect Rating,2500 Health,Plus 1 to all Attributes-2s Cooldown on Med Kit Power,150 Primary Resource,10% Cooldown Reduction to Signature Powers.Those affixes will be random when the item drops and they cannot stack, so basically monthsof planning only to add an extra affix on existing things.UPDATE: As of this writing 2-13-17all the 2500 numbers were changed to 1500 and a few other changes.The next issue i have is that as of now cosmic difficulty isn't really difficult,it's just that with our damage numbers nerfed and the enemy hp still high it justtakes longer to kill stuff, still just as boring. Now this may change with theintroduction of omega items, but well just be back to where we were beforethe ""BUE"" just destroying bosses in 10 seconds. Add to that the fact that the""new"" parago.....infinity system isnt capped once again like D# it'll become anexp grind instead of a loot grind. As far as i know or read on the forumsno announcment yet has been made as to what new boss mechanics they havein mind for the future. Look I know the BUE isnt finished, that theyare going to release it in stages, but why make changes and add somethings when other things aren't inplace yet for it all to make sense. Now theyhave added Kadala.....sorry another character to buy certain items that werea pain to find sometimes (URU), just waiting on the release of omega itemsso they can introduce a char to buy a random one aswell."
76561198030846508,Not Recommended,226320,29534640,Posted: 27 January,all,Jeger,"Other people have posted thoughtful critiques of the last patch, so I don't need to reproduce all they have said here. I agree with most of what has been posted. I will comment on what was the biggest issue for me. The last update undid all the work that I had done gearing 59 heroes.In MMOs, it is standard for new and better gear to come out. However, in that case, your current gear is still the best outside the new gear, and you can use it to get the latest and greatest. This last update in Marvel Heroes requires that you completely regear your heroes BEFORE you start hunting for new, better gear (which isn't even out yet.)As an example, you might have a hero that does physical damage. Before the update, that means gear that gives +Strength or +Fighting will be best for him.  So you gear him, re-rolling uniques until you get the best + to strength, finding artifacts that fit him, getting + to strength on his pet, and putting + to strength os a challenge bonus on his uniques.Then you find that the update changes him so he gets more damage from speed and durability and no damage from strength. Now you need to unbind artifacts that give him the wrong stat and find new ones, reroll his pet, find or reroll new uniques and put new challenge bonuses on them. These activities cost in-game resources, and send you back to the tender mercies of the RNG.When all this is done, you have no new equipment - that doesn't come out until ""later."" All you have done is spent a lot of time and energy to basically get back to where you were before. This isn't suitable in a game where part of the enjoyment is to invest time and energy to make your characters better.They could have eased the pain a lot. They could have unbound all artifacts so people could replace them without using resources. They could have allowed people who had pets with +3 to a given attribute, change it to a different attribute without cost during a grace period. They could have allowed people to hange the challenge bonuses on their equipment without cost during a grace period. They did none of that, and showed a total disregard for the work people had put in up until this time."
,Not Recommended,226320,30046701,Posted: 19 February,all,Dreddful,"have played since launch, put time and money into this game even went so far as to log in every day for over 2 years and since the biggest update ever, I will not play any more the game is broken and truly not fun for me anymore. not only did they break my favorite characters but they really left me with no one on a full roster who is even close to being playable, I am saddened and dismayed that this was done so that they could open the game to consoles at the sacrifice of long term PC players."
76561198030731451,Not Recommended,226320,29520840,Posted: 27 January,all,jmarct31,"My insane hours played on this game should tell how much i enjoyed it, as it is my main game. Butt I have to say the biggest update ever is very dissappointing.Not only the movement changes make the game less fun and dynamic, the simplified heroes design is meh and offers less possibilities, the overall nerf to all heroes, yes because it is a nerf when you make the same bloody conttent more difficult, and seriously it's so cheap and stingy to just make the same content with yet another tier of difficulty, considering the game hasn't really offered any substantial content for over 2 years.I also don't like the monetization Gaz is trying to put in place, incorporating even more obvious pay to win elements to the game with this ""bif"" boosts. And the insane xp required for a single infinity point is basically telling you get heavily cash boosted or don't bother.But the worst part is that the update is incomplete and the promised omega gear is coming only in a few months, so veterans like me who have almost looted everything in the game, have close to nothing to farm. And do you expect players to theorycraft and gear their heroes when there are several pieces missing ...Gaz had really improved the game since launch but this last update is a big step back as far as making the game better.  As we were told that all these changes were driven by a better gaming experience, which is very questionable considering there was evidence of a future console port, which would make sense based on many of the design decisions.I am not going to go deep into the bug riddled patch, as unfortunately it's been a trademark of Gaz, with poor QA control, wondering if they are not outsourcing their IT work to save money.The only thing I can say I like about the update is the improved visuals, which is very little to compensate for all negative elements I mentioned. I wish Gaz would revert back from this patch but I know it's never going to happen. I have barely played recently and now I am seriously considering to let this game go, which is sad knowing how much time, dedication and money I spent on this game."
,Not Recommended,226320,29853577,Posted: 11 February,all,Drink The Coffee,"I played this game a lot....over 1000 hours over the years...because it was great and always getting better. Updates were frequent and high quality.  Although a free-to-play game, I gladly spent a fair sum of money over time because it was so worth it.    Then came the game redesign of January 2017,  and it was all over.  The game was cut off at the knees, slowed down, watered down, and lost the wind from its sails.    It is a great example of the folly of fixing things that are not broken....you just end up breaking what was already good.As of September 10 2017, the game's average player count according to SteamCharts has hit another all-time low, down to 550. It used to steadily be over 2000."
,Not Recommended,226320,29477146,Posted: 24 January,all,Fat Jin,"The ""Biggest Patch"" for marvel heroes was a complete disappointment for Me. They tried to copy mechanics from Diablo 3 and failed horribly with its execution. Gazillion (Company of the game) have taken out the best things about the game and implement their broken diablo-esque mechanics in hopes that it will make the game better, sadly I dont think it has.The continously lack of content and company goals set for this game since launch and drowned this game into months and years worth of band aid fixes that have never truely made the game any better, and this new 'patch' has not been any different. From continously broken stash/storage inventory to an outdated UI/Chat feature that looks like it was made for the 1990s version of this game, to not even having simple things in the game like a mailbox system amongst the more glaring issues the game faces, I am giving up on this game.We are continuously told to wait and see and hope for a better future with every year this game stays alive for. I swear ever the community of players have developed stockholm syndrome for this game.Truth and fact. The game is poorly designed, and if it was not for the Marvel universe theme, no one would be playing this game.2/5 stars, and only for nostalgic purposes."
76561198046912021,Not Recommended,226320,29439519,Posted: 23 January,all,Dreezy,"Ive spent a long time reading other reiviews since the ""big update patch"" and i think this might be my first review of a game ive ever done. I spent soemthing like 10k hours in marvel it was without a doubt a wonderful game with huge charactor that set it way apart from other similiar tittle's at the time. I think the most shocking aspect at first was just how accesible and responsive the developers were to thier playerbase. They were really on the spot when it came to tweaking things or changing directions on game development based on player feedback.I can't pretend to know the reason the game took the direction it went rather it was forced externally to make changes or it was a do or die attempt to evolve the game into other markets to keep the game afloat, but i do know that they fundementally changed how they react to their playerbase's concerns. there were thousands of post pleaing them not go the direction they chose with movement powers, removing divirsity, and homogenilizing the entire game charactor develepment. But for reason i'll never know they just flat out ignored everyone and went a direction which ruined a game that i loved so much.I'm not angry so much as im just sad to lose such a enjoyable arpg, i cant imagine how a company that has a proggression system which was called the omega system ""have hundreds of possible custom choices for a player to proggress though reduce it to a complete rip off of the diablo 3 paragon system where its litterally stacking a arbritrary number each time u gain a lvl in the system. Some would say that the Omega system was reduced to a few viable paths but to those who say that, i say atleast we had a choice, now we have nonthing but a round robin paragon 2.0As to classes themselves they removed all fluidity which came from 30 choices when they reduced us to 8 talented skills. while i get why its easier to balanced 8 vs 30 why not just make it even simpler and make everyone play the same class with 1-2 skills, if u dont want to put effort into having a huge class roster and the balancing that requires why make almost 60 class's then water them all down to a few ""archtypes"" effectly making them all the same which just diffrent animations.The mobility changes ill never understand it was WHAT made marvel heros the game it was it's selling point, the irony of them removing that and then making mobility even worse then every other arpg on the market is baffaling. its almost seems intentional that they wanted to hurt their game.there are so many points i could cover but i think the purpose of this review is state if id recomend the game going forward and maybe if you never experinced marvel in its prime this version of it wouldnt seem so bad in comparisson, but if your a returnning vet what you once knew is now so far gone.I do plan on sticking around to see if they revert this patch or somehow polish so its not anything like it is in its current state but based on thier previous history concerning this patch they might just ride this decision even if it kills the game, but i hope im wrong and one day i can once again upvote and recomend this game once again."
,Not Recommended,226320,29470578,Posted: 24 January,all,Jedasd,"I had a negative review for the game that reached the word limit and had more than 3000 thousand votes but I deleted it in anticipation of this update. I also want to point out that I have close to 1000 hours with the standalone client too and spent too much money to write here without feeling ashamed.Now that its out I can easily say these:-Dont even think about playing this game if you had over 200 hours before the patch.-Dont play this game if you are expecting something that requires a little bit of thought.-Dont play this game if you want to get loot.-Dont play this game if you are bothered by constant glitches and bugs.-Dont play this game if you want to play a optimized Unreal Engine 3 game in the year 2017.I dont know what can I say about this update and the game in general. Only proper contents they added between mid 2014 and today were the Muspelheim raid and the  Omega System. Raid didnt get much attention because the big part of the playerbase didnt want to bother playing with other people or paying attention to mechanics and they turned Omega System to the Paragon system from Diablo 3.They just cant manage to optimize this game even though its a 5 year old game running on a 10 year old engine but I want to believe that they are trying their best. It used to be that when you set the options to Medium or High you got more fps compared to Low and game crashed less back in 2015, at least Low gives more fps now.This update also introduced a lot of broken mechanics and bugs at every aspect of the game. Everyone accepted the fact that with each weekly patch Gazillion introduced more bugs than they fixed. But considering the size and scope of this update, its really not surprising how many game breaking bugs are there.Now comes the worst parts of the update:-Removing the credit stashes and increasing the price of important parts of crafting.-All skills maxed at level 20 instead of 50.-Skill bar limited to 8 skill instead of how many skills you wanted to use.-Some talent trees are forcing you to use certain skills.-Limited movement(thanks to gamepads)-Redesigning the whole game for gamepads/consoles-Oversimplifying an already easy and casual game. This game was planned as a simple ""family game"" but it changed a lot over the years both visually and mechanically but now its back to its roots except visuals didnt revert back.Also hero designers at Gazillion really ♥♥♥♥ed me in the♥♥♥♥♥by screwing up my favorite hero, Nova. He was already in a bad state mechanically and visually but now he is a complete joke. You can either throw yellow balls with him or hit the enemies with punches that cant even touch them because of the amateur developers.Gaz always had developers who were either bad at their job or just amateurs but even after firing more than half of the team and hiring new poeple nothing has changed.I just hope that people who started playing the game recently comments about how Im only a whiner and not open to changes. I cant stomach the Gazillion fanboys though, they will eat anything Gazillion puts infront of them."
,Not Recommended,226320,29631118,Posted: 1 February,all,Abraham,"So So sad. I have been playing this game on and off since early Beta. The Game was doing so well adding new heroes at the light of speed, new content. Slowly the content started to dim, no new content in site. A raid here and there and then the creation of new heroes slowed to a crawl. But worst is this last update. I loved Nightcrawler, he is my top hero to play with he needed some love but the love they gave him 5 TELEPORTS and a cool down. Not the love he needed. I worked with Gaz implementing the controller Support. Early users knew it as Bica's Controller Support, used before they implemented there own design based off my consepts. But This game is doomed, unless they port it to PS4 and XBOXONE. Until they undo what they did this game is a big NO Thumbs Down. I loved this game. Now. Just another game set aside and uninstalled. Good by my love. - Bica"
,Not Recommended,226320,29535261,Posted: 27 January,all,killacris1897,"I've played this game for 2 years now. I would have more than 900 hours had I used the steam version. Change is hard, change is difficult. Change is good in general, but not in this case. I came back after months of not playing and it's completely garbage. The whole system was perfect the way it was and it was way easier to learn and adapt. I have no idea why they had to touch it and fix the unbroken.I wouldn't recommend coming back if you're a veteran player."
76561198087906685,Not Recommended,226320,29669675,Posted: 3 February,all,enViable,"To whom it may concern:This game is dead. I've been playing Marvel Heroes since 2014, spent almost 1k hours in this game and a bunch of money too. I am not a whale but I could be considered an endgamer because that basically what I do since more than a year now. I started doing this - optimizing DPS, playing the highest difficulty modes, farming perfect 100% gear, etc. - because it was the only ""joy"" I had with Marvel Heroes. Now this joy is gone. Let me explain:Marvel Heroes is incredibly crowded withbugs, they are everywhere. Hero power bugs, user interface bugs, tooltip bugs, you name it, Marvel Heroes has it. Some of those insanely annoying bugs have been in the gamesince years. To give some examples:1) Patrol zones are areas where there's a ton of loot drops. Most of these drops appear on your screen edges and stay there. The thing is now that the loot is not worth picking up (even in the highest difficulty a normal non-endgamer wouldn't pick up that trash). As a consequence, all over your screen's edges are little UI elements that tell you there's an item laying around and thereforecovering essential UI information such as the power bar(yes, you won't see your skills and coolowns then), mission log and proc/buff table. A game that prevents you from seeing your own skills? That's even new to me.2) There are plenty of heroes in this game, I'm yet to find one who doesn't suffer in one way or another from one or multiple bugs. The thing here is, Gazillion (the developers)needs ages, if they do at all, to fix these bugs. With the latest version (Cosmic artifact patch) a new iteration of Blade was introduced. Blade was released in October 2015. That was the first treatment Blade got, however it didn't change any of his bugs. It introduced more bugs to his power kit. A powerful quote from the forums:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorYou [Gazillion, the developers] are quick to address issues when they benefit the player and slow to address issues which hurt players3) With Gazillion's ""BIGGEST UPDATE EVER"" they reworked lots of heroes and game mechanics, introducing a new difficulty slider. The highest difficulty, Cosmic, is a crazy mess right now. It's a very high risk game mode, with little to no reward. Again, with the latest version, they introduced new ""cosmically enhanced artifacts"" (basically endgame artifacts) which are locked behind incredibly low drop rates and don't even replace the old artifacts in the loot tables of cosmic difficulty modes. What I'm saying is, the reward is basically still pretty much non-existant because you won't see it. And because we were talking about bugs earlier, a rather funny note: Cosmically enhanced artifacts can currently drop without their cosmic affix.There are plenty more factors that play a role in my decision to say ""Marvel Heroes is dead"", such as Gazillion's communication, game design, hero design, but in the end I think you can summarize that the design and philosophy of Marvel Heroes is not sustainable. They introduce an update, promising big (Gaz would have said ""biggest"") improvements to the game, and yet we're still waiting for the game that doesn't hurt playing. They want us to be patient since years (!) while not giving any visible and noticeable improvement to the game.Fellow gamers, potential players, developers,there is a reason for those negative reviews. I'm not hurt by all those changes to the game, I'm at a point where I see that the philosophy behind Marvel Heroes is not and will not work out in a positive way. It's obvious that this game is preparing for a console launch, however with that kind of game philosophy and design the game is destined for doom even on a new platform."
,Not Recommended,226320,29480882,Posted: 25 January,all,Hashmalum,"I spent from May to December last year playing Marvel Heroes. I wasn't around before that to see how far the game progressed from its first state. Still, I enjoyed playing, but that's all over now. After the latest and largest patch on January 19th, I can not longer recommend this game. We knew it was coming months ago. We tried it out on the test center. Most of us hated it. That's why I had decided to quit before the update even came. But I was still curious to check it out once it hit.I had 44 of the 59 possible heroes at level 60, with a handful being from green to red prestige and two at cosmic prestige, as well as 36 team-ups at level 60. After 592 hours in eight months and $615.00 spent in the game (about $77 a month), I don't take this negative review lightly. I don't regret the time or money I spent. I had a lot of fun. But if this is truly the path Gazillion is going to take, regardless of how the majority feel, I won't give another hour or another dollar to this game."
76561197970842829,Not Recommended,226320,29479654,Posted: 25 January,all,Negz,"So, fair to say I liked this game a lot... a real lot. It was what Diablo 3 should have been. Point system powers. Add points into the powers you wanted to use. Brilliant! Even better though, it's Superheroes. A virtual plethora of heroes and villains to play and have fun with in classic isometric hack'n'slash fun. What more could you ask for?Well, all of that's gone now. A patch has arrived that rivals the levelling of Pompei and brought the whole joy of playing this game crashing to the ground. These changes have been sprouted as making the game better, but all I see with these changes, are that they were necessary to make to sell the game to the console market. Nothing to do with improving the game at all. There was nothing wrong with the game. If it ain't broke... don't fix it!Oh yes, and on top of that, the patch has been rushed as there are numerous bugs and things 'turned off' as they aren't working properly. So in this new iteration of Marvel Heroes, I cannot recommend this game. Pray some miracle occurs and there's a sudden 'CTRL-Z'. Whoever thought this change up should be taken out to the back paddock."
76561197981701044,Not Recommended,226320,30249071,Posted: 28 February,all,Tope,"With the help of David Brevik (the guy that made D2) and an amazing developer team, Marvel Heroes went from a game that few enjoyed to a truly one of a kind ARPG experience. Unfortunately, David Brevik left a year ago to advise the Chinese release of Path of Exiles.The new team is focused entirely on getting Marvel Heroes ready for consoles, and that means neutering much of what once made the game great. Movement abilities have been changed fundamentally that makes most previous movement builds unplayable. The console 1.0 update (BUE) has also dramatically changed the pricing model that worked extremely well for years. A system where players felt like they were actually contributing to the better of the game by unlocking things quicker in the shop for real money over taking the longer route of unlocking for free, but now new/free players are getting squeezed, and pay only exclusives are on the rise.A year ago I would have emphatically recommended Marvel Heroes. Today I wouldn't. Who knows, maybe the developers will turn this around, but with this just being the first update in many gearing towards getting the game ready for consoles, I'm willing to bet the worst isn't behind us.Edit: They've made the game worse since I made this review, and are about to release even more consolization changes. The development team at this point is only interested in recouping losses from this entire debacle by betting everything on the consoles."
,Not Recommended,226320,29496966,Posted: 25 January,all,imcherrycola,"The ""Biggest Update Ever"" killed a lot of what made this game fun for me. To be fair, most of the streamlined (see: dumbed down) features such as 1 hotbar, infinity system, etc., are disappointing but can be tolerated. What I can't and will never see past are the movement nerfs.I can't blame the developers for wanting to evolve their game, but I think it's become apparent that they don't have a grasp of what made their game fun in the first place. Either that or they just simply couldn't care less about the current PC playerbase since their not-so-secret console port is just around the corner."
,Not Recommended,226320,30133928,Posted: 23 February,all,Mihr,"So Gazillion did a NGE patch and it's having some of the same community response. Don't pick this up, what was a good diablo style game is now just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ diablo clone with marvel characters and clunky movement/combat. Bosses take 3-5 minutes to kill each and are incredibly boring. Many characters that were viable are now complete dumpster tier. Go play PoE, Diablo 3, or one of the other ones out now."
,Not Recommended,226320,29473271,Posted: 24 January,all,Wadysseus,"This most recent update homogenized the game almost to the point of unplayability. I used to love zipping around the screen as Silver Surfer, just a blur of board and cosmic rays. Now, I'm sluggish and unresponsive. Doctor Strange used to be one of my favorite builds, with a bunch of one-point wonders, a spell for every situation, and a need for fast reflexes to keep this glass cannon alive. Now I'm just a glass cannon with extremely limited escape mechanisms.And Elektra. Oh man, when she came out, she was death on high heels. I was everywhere at once, I WAS the shadows. Now? Unplayable.I get that they wanted to make things hard and Diablo 3-ify the game in preparation for the console release, but here's the thing: if I wanted to play D3, I'd play it. When I want to have a classic Brevik-style teleporting ROFLstomp and ACTUALLY feel like a superhero, I'd play Marvel Heroes.I miss how when I used to play certain characters, it was like I had to take on the psychology of the character. If I'm Punisher, I stand and fight and mow everything down. If I'm Ant-Man, I distract with ants, bounce around, and then set up in the middle for a Giant Man Stomp. If I'm Venom, I burst into the fray and grab everything within eating distance.Builds used to be so much more free-form, but now with tiered talents, you're forced to take one of three choices every six or so levels after 32. Half the time I want two out of the three options (so I can almost play the character the way they're meant to be played) and the other half of the time, all three options are for abilities I'm never using.Gazpls.  Srsly.  Even some quick fixes like giving everyone a dedicated dash and signature button would help, because then we'd at least have 10 abilities rather than being hamstrung at 8. My Sorcerer doesn't feel so Supreme anymore, my Spider-man's not so Amazing, and my Thor is very very very far from Mighty.I'm glad I didn't spend money on this game when I considered it recently. I know you guys spent a lot of time and effort on these changes, but they're just bad. I'm sure it's not under consideration, but the best thing you could do at this point is just roll the patch back entirely."
76561198022783324,Not Recommended,226320,29479561,Posted: 25 January,all,Vilar,"With over 2300 hours played in this game it is safe to assume that I loved this game. Sadly, the most recent patch ruined what was once a gem and turned it into a dried turd that clings in the hair that decorates a mangy dogs ar$e.RIP Marvel Heroes."
76561198255979975,Not Recommended,226320,29620189,Posted: 31 January,all,Morrigan,"This game is dying. When I logged on tonight to give the Worst Update Ever another try there was only 1 other player in town with me. Chat was dead. CMM was almost empty. Nice job Gazillion!There have been so many changes for the worse lately and now they're talking about taking another giant step backwards. Making cosmic boss artifacts drop only from their specific boss. Are they purposely trying to kill the game? It's sure looking that way. They seem hell bent on undoing all of the positive changes that were made to the game, and destroying the things that made it fun in the first place."
76561198010898840,Not Recommended,226320,29469766,Posted: 24 January,all,Infurn,"The Biggest Update Ever... that has no new content whatsoever.Gazillion has gone steadily downhill after the people with the most talent left the company. They had promised us higher quality updates, in a compromise for having less frequent ones. What we got instead were fewer heroes, and a couple terminals. I don't consider all the Marvel movie tie-in events as ""content"". Sure, they are new, and some of them were even pretty fun. But guess what? You can't do any of them right now. You might be able to do them again sometime in the future, but currently, they are NOT content you can do and enjoy.It seems their sole focus for the entire year of 2016 was ""new player retention"". The constant revamps of Story Mode, the redesigns of the Tutorial instance, and other pointless endeavors that all amount to nothing in the end. The Biggest Update Ever (known as BUE) is the ultimate culmination in this ""do nothing"" year for Marvel Heroes. They sacrificed an entire year with endless revamps of things that are ultimately pointless in an effort to retain new players who will inevitably have nothing to do and get bored and quit.What's the point of ""new player retention"" if you put zero effort into ""old player retention""? Either the new player quits right away and there's nothing you can do about it, or they become an ""old player"" and quit due to the complete lack of content because your focus is on all those shiny new wallets that haven't bought anything yet.Let's put things into perspective. The last significant content update, ie something completely new and not just another terminal or rehashed patrol zone was the Danger Room. The Danger Room was released in late 2015. I know that developers complain that players burn through content faster than they could possibly create it, but come on. Over a year with nothing new but story mode or terminals.It's ironic, really. In all their effort to revamp the game, they completely ignored the things that they should have focused on. The Holo-Sim and X-Defense modes have gone basically untouched since they were released. They have horribly outdated rewards and go relatively unplayed by the community at large. They could have put the smallest effort into updating these two modes to be comparable with the modern day Marvel Heroes, and it would have given us two entirely ""new"" modes to enjoy.In the end, the BUE is nothing but a promise that things might get better in the future. All the movement changes, the attributes, the item mechanics, the constant changing of Heroes (some for the worse), and more, all equate to a giant step sideways at best. Given the current state of the game, there is a large population of people who believe that it was a step in the wrong direction.2017 marks the first year where Marvel Heroes forgoes their usual re-branding of the game in order to garner better reviews. They have nothing to show over the previous branding, and they know it. Only time will tell if all their excuses about the movement changes allowing for better game design will turn out to be true. Given their track record on promises, I have zero faith in their ability to design content that isn't just ""stay out of the red circle"".Would I recommend this game to anyone, at present? Absolutely not. Brevik left for Path of Exile, and you should too."
76561198084666127,Not Recommended,226320,29448386,Posted: 23 January,all,SuperiorStorm92,"Was dating a girl for almost 2 years.  We were great for each other.One day, she decides to change her look.  Her hair, makeup, wardrobe, etc.  Hell, even her personality changed.  She was not the same person I fell in love with.Usually I can deal with change just fine.  But this was different.  It seemed to me that maybe all this change was to attract the attention of somebody else.I still tried to make the relationship work.  Patiently I waited, thinking maybe she would change her mind about some of the changes she wanted to make.  I told her the truth about my worries.  Alas, she was adamant about all the changes.  It felt like I was being tuned out.Finally seeing the writing on the wall, I decided to end the relationship myself.  Honestly, I don't know if she'll even notice that I'm gone.Just be warned, if you're thinking about dating this person, this same thing will most likely happen to you.Anyway, there are plenty of more fish in the sea."
,Not Recommended,226320,29478592,Posted: 25 January,all,Rummy-Tum,"Newest update crippled movement, introduced a P2W gear system, and crushed any chance of not having to spend money."
76561198036384301,Not Recommended,226320,30090010,Posted: 21 February,all,jfg45t10,"And now the ""Biggest Update Ever"" is live, proving that the Developers DO NOT listen to the concerns of it's playerbase. RIP Marvel HeroesThis used to be a fun and engaging game where the Devs listened to the community. ""used to"" They are in the process of a major update that will change pretty much everything about it. Already there are components of the update, like a heavy nerf to movement skills, that are widely complained about on their own forums. Even with these complaints in a feedback post, the Devs have stated these changes are here to stay. You can visit their own forums and see what a disaster this change is. Stay far, far away from this wanna be Diablo 3 clone."
,Not Recommended,226320,29572938,Posted: 29 January,all,Crimson,"The recent ""biggest update ever"" has really killed the game for me. really broke the mechanics i enjoyed and nerfed the characters i enjoyed playing into the ground with movement cooldowns and forcing the useage of some skills over others...i played to be a superhero, but instead now feel like some member of s.h.i.e.l.d. pleb....."
76561197963283288,Not Recommended,226320,29575217,Posted: 29 January,all,Hippy-Bait,"While this was at one point a very enjoyable game the devs have decided to go in a different direction. Most of the players hate the changes(and I am one), but the devs don't seem to care. Do not waste your time with this game or these devs who have destroyed what was a fun game and turned it into a slow, buggy, and frankly now a terrible game. If the original dev team was around maybe they would have avoided this nonsense."
76561198029293198,Not Recommended,226320,29450770,Posted: 23 January,all,morameph,"This was my go to game when I had nothing else new and shiny to play.  Usually there would either be a new character(s) to level and learn or new areas to try.  Sadly the latest update done in January 2017 veered too much away from what I enjoyed in original game, having several dozen options of playing every hero and always feeling powerful no matter the options chosen.  Every hero became way simpler to play, losing nearly all the customization options that were available.  Plus the characters were general weaker, took more damage and did less damage as well.  The old system wasn't perfect, but it's obvious from the choices made here it was less about improving user enjoyment of the game and instead prepping the game to be playable on consoles.  To be frank the new customization system was unintelligable, it only works as there are so few options.  If you're looking for something where you have 8 actions choices and that's it enjoy, otherwise there are better ARPG options out there now.  Hopefully this works for the company in the long run, but I can't recommend this game any longer."
76561198049242594,Not Recommended,226320,29486047,Posted: 25 January,all,conceptviper,Since recent update this game has gone from really enjoyable to one of the worst games I have played in a long timeI would have to reccomend that people steer well clear until someone on the programming team see's sense and returns it to the great game it was instead of this pile of garbage.
76561197979149104,Not Recommended,226320,29440555,Posted: 23 January,all,The Messenger,"All of these changes are coming at a time when Marvel Heroes is expected to move to consoles soon, which is basically the reason for the changes.What gets me the most is how some players claim these are 'good' changes, for ""balance"" and ""optimization.'  Baloney.  These changes are so the PS4 doesn't crash because the game was simply too fast for its processor :)Also so the game is easier for controller users to navigate through the PC-centric menus.  Instead of 3 powerbars with 8 powers each, you get 1 bar now.  Instead of power point allocation, no more power point allocation!  Instead of a unique and complex Omega system, you get a bland, watered down Infinity system which rips directly from Diablo 3!On another note, the same people who are defending this new Gaz development team (as other have stated, the creator, David Brevik and his team, who made the original Diablo games, left this company about a year ago, and this update is the result) are insulting and condescendingly making fun of anyone who rejects these decisions.   The community is toxic by any standards now and the devs seem to turn a blind to the antics of their white knight defenders..It's disgusting.Less movement on all heroes and now they all move the same completely breaking immersion and lore (Spiderman, a super quick hero, moves the same speed as Colossus, moves the same speed as Storm, moves the same speed as Wolverine, etc..) and teleporting heroes move the same as running heroes.  In other words, the lore aspect of the gameplay is DEAD.  Not to mention all the cool lore tidbits that were in the old Omega power point system.  Now we have this Diablo 3 Paragon replacement going on that limits the 170 something odd power points of the omega, down to 30!  Imagine PoE losing 70% of it's power points in the skill tree....It's an entirely different game now.People who are criticizing these changes are being insulted and ridiculed constantly by the white knights of Marvel and Gaz, even so much so as being banned for being flat out against these changes.  They're practically censoring all negative feedback, which goes to show the real whiners are the developers and their defenders, and not the people who are simply unhappy with the results.  All the negative reviews talk about very real, limiting, backwards changes to the game.No more Eternity Splinter rewards from story mode quests, so it's gonna be a lot harder to unlock new heroes for new players.No more free default costumes after prestiging so you can blend 3 of them into a new random one (you still had to pay a good amount of credits plus some more or less rare mats for them, so you still had to work for them).No more power points (in an arpg who does this??)The Infinity system and stat point allocation is broken!  At least the Omega system made sense when you put points into your preferred allocations (btw not everyone ran the same Omega configurations, not even for end game raids, not everyone follows Marvelheroes.info like a bible the way WOW players follow IcyVeins too).  The Omega system allowed for truly unique builds to emerge.  Now you have only 30 points to allocate round-robin style within 6 different trees..No more crafting!  Crafting has already been gutted as well since they removed unique item exchanges for credits, runes and relics (3 important items for end game progression) so that will be MUCH harder to grind as well..  And with the soon to be Omega items, all uniques will be obsolete anyway!  So much hard work / time / money just thrown away by the devs.  That's why veteran players are mad too, it's not just the movement nerf, it's EVERYTHING!The only thing that hasn't changed is the Marvel name, the Hero roster, and the visuals.  Even maps aren't randomized anymore, like every other Diablo-like game / ARPG!  Now all the first few (6) chapter maps are the same everytime! It gets boring after the first time, since it's the same everytime now!  And they will do that to the rest of the chapters, too.Honestly this is the biggest FU a company could do to their players, and although I wish I had written a positive review while I was enjoying it months earlier, I write this negative reivew based on their recent ""Biggest Update Ever"" because it is an insult to David Brevik and the legacy he created, and it's a flat-out disregard for their PC player base in favor of an upcoming console market.I understand the company has to make money, but this is quickly turning into a P2P, P2W game.  This game is ruined.  And unless they make some drastic changes or revert at least some gameplay mechanics / systems back to how they were, don't let anyone tell you this is an improvement.  It's not, at all.  It's not that we don't like change.  Change is good, when it's good change.  This is a disasterous change to a once great game.  R.I.P Marvel Heroes."
76561198031154695,Not Recommended,226320,29448372,Posted: 23 January,all,Xyste,"This was my go to game over the past couple of years,I spent hundreds of pounds on characters (quite a few I didnt really like but I was happy to give the Devs cash as I was having fun) and storage, needlessly and totally ruined overnight by "" The Biggest Update ever......"" It was bad enough to log in to all 53 of my characters cores in my overflow but losing my second bar, dumbing the game down and ruining the game play of my favourite characters well Enough is Enough no more. This game is now a pale imitation of its previous self... and I refuse to play it .. hopefully one day they will see sense....."
76561198021884891,Not Recommended,226320,29461460,Posted: 24 January,all,Spyral,"My go-to game has had the rug pulled out from under it by the devs themselves. The latest ""biggest update ever"" is just another half-cocked mess that they may or may not fix over the course of the year. Sweeping changes with little regard to over all enjoyment or balance has taken the fun out of Marvel Heroes. It took the fun out behind the shed and put it down.To ""slow down"" game play changes were made that basically neuter your heroes. You run slower, you travel slower, you deal less damage and take more damage. The Omega system, while a bit bloated, was infinitely more fun and interesting than the new Infinity System. The Infinity System is all about numbers, no room for fun effects when you can have .05% more critical chance. Experience points needed to advance in the Infinity System were massively increased, most likely to entice the sales of experience boosts.I've put quite a few hours into this game since it was in Beta. I've been through all the changes and rolled with it. This update was the straw that broke my back though. Look elsewhere to scratch your gaming itch."
76561197976873296,Not Recommended,226320,29494144,Posted: 25 January,all,Obama's America,"New update completely ruined the game experience for long time players. It may  not effect new players much, but I highly recommend not supporting a company who will just poop all over their playerbase like this."
76561198006567478,Not Recommended,226320,29553678,Posted: 28 January,all,"Oysters,Clams,and Cockles","Tried the new changes here and thought it was a massive step backwards.From day one this game has been poorly managed and this patch is nothing short of disgraceful.Here is what i found from my short time back.-Omega Tree replalced by a infinity system with about as much deepth as a paddling pool.I liked having opitions now i have even less.-Movement powers now have charges which makes clearing tiresome and slow(POE are afraid to nerf this because they understand people enjoy moving fast).-The above does not make the game harder,for the most part boss AI is still as bad as it was before (looking at you Shocker and Juggernaunt)-Vet players have to regear,this would not be a problem if NEW CONTENT WAS ADDED but it's the same old content as before.-Old content like Raids,Holo Sim ,and X Defence are just ignored by the devs.-No more skill point investment meaning i have little to no imput on what skills i want to focus on,gearing has become as bad as Diablo 3.-The passive and trait system is just a homogenized mess,All heroes have pretty much the same passvies which makes it easy for a lazy developer to balance the game.Screw having Marvel Heroes that feel unique.In short this game has gone down the Diablo 3 road and making everything more casual.I would not recommend this game to anyone in it's current state."
76561198004532949,Not Recommended,226320,29482140,Posted: 25 January,all,CaptainFabulous,"This used to be a great game until the recent patch. Now I can't recommend it to anyone. It went from being a fast-paced and fun beat-em-up to a slow, prodding, way-too-difficult chore to play. Even on the easiest difficulty the game is way too difficult for leveling a character, which really doesn't make you feel like much of a superhero. The movement changes and single hotbar just make the game intolerable to play at this point.I wanted to like it. I wanted to keep playing. I have desperately tried to find a way to make it enjoyable, but it's simply not. Every aspect of the game is slow, frustrating, and not fun.RIP Marvel Heroes. We had a good run."
76561198020659428,Not Recommended,226320,29505779,Posted: 26 January,all,Larly,"I'm here to state that I can no longer support this game anymore, not after this update.As a player of MH, I've personally clocked in over 1.1k hours, so my feelings on the game is not of someone who simply got on the game for a few days and decided that the game is no longer enjoyable.First off, I'm not an advocate against certain changes, because that can bring about new things that can potentially make the game more enjoyable.  However, many of these changes were either unnecessary (literally destroying years of investment, guides, setups etc in ONE patch) or just another implementation to getting more players to throw in $.- The Movement Speed Change -Absolutely 100% not a fan of this.  We went from moving at what felt like ""Super Human"" speeds to now a pace that feels more relevant to that of an actual human level.  It just feels so limited now, in contrast to before when you were flying, teleporting and dashing everywhere.The previous movement made the game feel far more fast paced which made it extremely fun, and more importantly, making you feel like you were really using a Super Hero.Since the speed nerf, and the limitations on dashes, the game obviously got slower, but more importantly the pace is just boring now.I've never been an advocate from going at 100mph to suddenly transitioning to less than half that speed.An example of another gaming genre...Street Fighter II Hyper Fighting to Super Street Fighter II.  Capcom increased game speed in SFII: Hyper Fighting which was an incredibly Popular implement for the players.  It had players having to think quicker, reacting faster, and just a more enjoyable all together SF game.However the next incarnation, SSF:II transitioned BACK to the Slower Speed of previous SF games, which detracted MANY of the player base.This ultimately prompted Capcom into creating Super Turbo which reintroduced speeds similar to HF, but actually faster which once again made it enjoyable to most of the players.Speed in the game of MH matters a lot when you consider the big maps, and Terminals in which the entire focus is simply getting to the boss.  By adding things like the stalls or wind ups to traveling speed was bad enough, however because of the speed changes, I feel that it now has the opposite effect of what Gaz wanted.Players now are even more focused on simply getting to their objective due to this very reason, which hasn't stopped people from basically playing the same way they did before.Limited dashes, teleports having laughable range, which also indirectly hurts movement dependent heroes.  Also, Slowing things down did NOT make for a more Advanced Game.People keep saying that the game is so much more strategical now...Please Stop the Nonsense. I mean gee, I have to click my hero to run slightly to the side now to avoid a Jugg charge unlike before.  Basically, Gaz just forced us into having to click a few more extra times now.The current state would actually make More Sense if the Bosses were revamped to have diverse and unique attacks vs human players.  However NONE of that has changed, and thus we're left with the same linear bosses and the slow pace.I would argue that it would have been FAR more interesting and fun, if the bosses were made to compensate for the intense speed of the previous Marvel Heroes game prior to the speed nerf.All in All the Movement Speed is one of the Worst Changes/Nerfs to the Game, by far.- Omega System Changed to Infinity System -The Omega System with it's 10k total points (I only had about 7.9k Omega Points) allowed for some really creative allocations.  Yes, I understand that it was broken down pretty quickly and we pretty much understand what was really good and what wasn't.However we at least had flexibility to allocate the points to where we felt were best fit to maximize our potential.  Seeing people in forums talking about how putting certain points in here vs others made for some interesting builds, debates which made the game more Fun.Now we're severely limited on points and with allocations costing so much (Not to mention how long it takes to farm them), you're literally negating any sort of creativity but instead boxing people into a small room.  Not to mention obtaining unneeded and USELESS points into stats that would ultimately not have any relevancy to your particular Hero.  Does Jean need more Str?  Nope.  However Tough Luck.- Splinters -The New Implementation is simply set forth to ultimately get more players to having to pay real money.Never A Good Thing, period.Before people go ""Well they need to make money.""  Take into context that a Great and Enjoyable Game will ALWAYS Draw Money.  Heck, I bought the Majority of my Heroes in this game.However, hearing that New Players will no longer have access to a Free Hero, but being limited to only 400 splinters completely negates them from being able to pick up the 600 Splinter Heroes.  This effectively excludes popular Super Heroes like Iron Man, Spiderman, etc.How is this an improvement to what we had before?A new player comes in, wants to play Spiderman but then realizes that they're 200 splinters short, so instead they're forced to playing an off hero that neither he/she wants in order to hopefully obtain the 600 requirement hero in the distant future?Limiting players on their first Hero choice is a Perfect way of Detracting them from wanting to continue.Some may complain that getting free splinter boxes on log in was detrimental to the company, but that is once again, complete nonsense.One would have to be logging in without playing extensively for MONTHS+ to potentially getting a free hero, which is in no way a feasible way of doing things, so that excuse is an absurd one.This 100% is nothing but an implementation to garner more money from players while hiding behind the ""System Change"" statement.- Team Up Synergy -Sounds great on paper, however when you take into account that Team Ups can cost as much as a Hero, than you'll understand that once again, this is another change to simply Draw More Money.With the new team up synergy, people will have to be spending time not only for Heroes, but also for Team Ups if you plan to boost their damage capabilities.With the limitations on Splinters already, this will only put more stress upon the players as they will be needing not only Hero but Team Synergies as well.They could've done a Team Up Damage boost without ever having to involve obtaining more TU synergies.Let's Not pretend this wasn't another concept to getting players to throw more money at the company.- Removal of Free Costumes (Prestige) -Another option stacked on to basically make players shell out their wallets.Even when we had the Blending Option.  I still personally bought 99.9% of my Hero costumes, because the RNG blender was far to random with the ridiculous ratio of costumes one could have potentially gotten.  Almost always I got costumes for heroes I didn't even have, nor wanted.In fact, out of all the times that I have ever ran the blender, only two costumes were of any satisfaction to me.  Once again, another change to garner more money from players.- Exchanging Uniques for Credits Removed -Seriously?  What?  So how are we going to earn the Millions required into gearing our Heroes in the coming future for this overhaul?  In a game might I add that has literally about 60 Heroes and counting that are in the game?Even if you were only planning on gearing say 4-6 characters, with the lack of funding now with credits, and nothing to compensate this loss, the amount of grind required would be Astronomical.- Final Verdict (because I can't type anymore due to limitations) -Overall, in it's current state, I simply cannot recommend Marvel Heroes to anyone anymore.I have uninstalled this game, and will likely never return, simply because I've about had it with Gaz."
76561198048117521,Not Recommended,226320,29421326,Posted: 22 January,all,God Emperor Trump,"I've played the game over 2,400 hours through steam and well over 3,000 hours counting the time I played before the game was available on steam, including beta.The game held promise, but it has fallen flat. A superhero ARPG made by David Brevik, creator of Diablo II, should have been a home run, but it has been plagued by poor business decisions and an even worse design team.The game launched with little more than an incoherent story. Many of the ""launch"" characters were absent from the roster and the characters that were available simply shared copy and paste powers. The store sold characters and costumes at absurd prices, with more popular characters costing up to $20. These problems were eventually addressed to some degree, but the damage to the game's reputation had been done by then.The game relaunched with a new name to clear the overwhelmingly negative reviews on Steam. There had been some changes and new content added, but the same problematic developers remained. Deadlines were never met and new characters and content were launched in completely broken states. Old characters were never iterated upon and quickly became useless. Criticism on the forums was swiftly silenced.Most of the game's roster was eventually in such a bad shape that the development team had to launch a year and a half long process of completely remaking every character in the game. They did this while simultaneously releasing new characters, which caused hindered the development of both new and old characters. Feedback was frequently ignored and developers pushed broken products live after a few days of testing to simply move onto the next item on their agenda. Many of the characters have a long list of bugs which exist to this day, despite hundreds of posts about them on the forums over the years.The game limped along until they finally finished remaking their entire roster. The development team promised loads of new content, and dramatically diminished the number of new characters they planned to release to ""give them more time for other content."" This never came to fruition, as the developers have spent all of that time on altering the mechanics of the entire game for a console port (which they lied about to players for months). This has proven to be the nail in the coffin.Here is the game as it currently stands:Combat is slow, dull and uninterestingCharacters are weak, fragile and have poor designsMany of the characters do not play like their comic counterparts (ex: Colossus spinning on his toes with outstreched arms)The story is poorly written and confusingThere is very little content - terminal missions copied and pasted from the story, a two-player horde mode, a 5-player horde mode and a few zones with different maps but identical purposes and play experiencesDrop rates for loot are pitifulItemization is awfulEarning anything for free takes monthsMovement is obnoxiously slow, causing you to miss out on open-world bosses unless you are there for the spawnThe prices on the store are laughably highEnemies all feel the sameThere is no reason to interact with other players""PvP"" is an absolute joke - probably the worst I have ever experienced in any gameThe community is almost non-existentYou will be instantly banned from the forums for any statement critical of the gameYour feedback will be ignored - the childish developers will literally flame you or mock you before they listen to youDon't waste your time on this game or on this development team. Don't be fooled when they relaunch the game to wash away all of these negative reviews once again. Don't fall for their, ""I'll gladly deliver content tomorrow for some of your money today,"" style of game design and management."
,Not Recommended,226320,30044864,Posted: 19 February,all,travislaborde,"a game of inventory management, that at least used to have some systems to sink your teeth into - building out and customizing your character.  recently gone though one of those ""dumbing down"" that games are so good at lately, I suppose making it easier for noobs to learn.I keep hearing how it is so much better when games do this, removing powers that you'd never use anyway and just giving you the ones that you SHOULD be using.  yeah.. right.  like the fact that invisible woman no longer has perma-invis.  woo!looking no farther into it.  goodbye game that was only good for short bursts between inventory management sessions anwyay.  good riddance."
76561198041312952,Not Recommended,226320,29411633,Posted: 21 January,all,SocknBoppers,"This game started off pretty bad, back in 2013. I still enjoyed the flawed aspects and mechanics but the developers quickly improved the game. These improvements came out very rapidly and they kept churning out updates over the next few years.Recently the game became stagnant as they stopped releasing updates for about hafl a year while working on their ""Biggest update ever""Well it's been released and I can no longer recommend this game. As a veteran to the game; the depth of gearing was reduced, the game has become simpler with only one skill bar, attributes went from being all useful to only two attributes per hero and the post max-level system was reduced from many trees of bonuses to a round robin diablo 3-esque paragon system.New players use to be able to chose a free hero, any hero despite their price and were given currency to buy another average priced hero. Now new players are simply given enough currency to buy an average price hero and have to wait a week to be given enough to buy the max price heroes.The mobility in the game has been reduced from a game where almost any hero could speed around to where it is after the update; sluggish walking with extreme cooldowns with charges to any dash or teleport. Even heroes like Silver Surfer or Nightcrawler who should be fast are also very slow and clunky.Another aspect to the game that is now ruined; Summoners. They have completely crippled any summoner heroes to the point where they're better off being spec'd their boring or lackluster combat powers. They promise they're working on it but this brings to light another big issue with the game as-is; incomplete systems. This new patch changed the way you gear and was suppose to replace the current most power item tier (unique) with a brand new item tier (omega) but that was delayed to the distant future. Summoners were suppose to recieve changes to their own gearing for this patch but that didn't arrive with this patch either.Quite frankly I just don't recommend this game to anyone looking to get into. Any veterans who read this;  The game you remember is gone and I implore you to express your opinion on the new patch."
,Not Recommended,226320,30130556,Posted: 23 February,all,Schima_HR,"I'll just say that in the current state, this game is definitely not worth playing."
,Not Recommended,226320,29623573,Posted: 1 February,all,Yasō,game is dead 2017 tygaz
,Not Recommended,226320,29472709,Posted: 24 January,all,mysticbassist,"I've played the game since it launched, and it has gone through many different stages.  A thousand hours is a fraction of the time I put in over the years.  The lastest patch has changed so much that the game is basically back to beta, and I cannot recommend the game in this state.The mobility changes were supposed to make movement tactical, but by rolling defense into dashes and putting them on cooldown it is not practical to use dash to position for attacks.  Since bosses are not locked into a similar cooldown for their dashes, melee heroes are stuck chasing enemies.  The fight mechanics have not been changed at all, even though that was supposedly the cause for the changes.As jarring that change has been, the game lacks itemization at this point.  It isn't worth picking up gold tier drops, because it is known they won't be useful in the future and there is nothing to do with them now.  This basically dismantles the endgame, leaving us with just leveling.So unless you want to play the waiting game to see what future patches look like, I can't recommend this game at this time.UPATE:  In the weeks since I have written this update, the game has continued to be plagued with bugs.  While none of the issues with itemization of the primary gear slots has changed, the game has unintenttionally experienced rollbacks, price protected cash shop items have gone on sale, and ultimate upgrade tokens have been removed from the splinter shops."
76561198038476442,Not Recommended,226320,29479070,Posted: 25 January,all,bigman140,"The Biggest Update Ever .... AKA The Biggest Iceberg Ever.This game went from something fantastic to something less than mundane. If I could fully express how much the changes let me down I would but I can't even put it into words.If you played and enjoyed this game before the patch you will probably hate it. Everything you played for probably got removed or changed in a negative way.If you play Diablo-esque games you will probably not enjoy this game anymore. The speed of the game has been drastically reduced.If you enjoy feeling like a super heroes, you probably wont enjoy this game anymore. It doesn't feel very heroic to get slogged by basic minions just because you chose a hero that got messed up in this patch.If you enjoy many pointless skins that you can no longer earn for free, you might still enjoy this game. Iron Man and Spider-man at least have a ton of skins....This update killed this game for me and that is a tragic thing, this was one of my most beloved games for a long time now."
76561198007248323,Not Recommended,226320,29539424,Posted: 28 January,all,Korbb,MH used to be a fun fast-paced game. It is no more.
76561198022992211,Not Recommended,226320,29801917,Posted: 9 February,all,Doctor_Wat,"This game went from great to bad thanks to poor decisions from the ""new team"" of developpers.Less and less fun, more and more nerfs, strange decisions, and it's been more than a year without new content.They're killing this game and they don't even realizing it."
76561197994237120,Not Recommended,226320,29627531,Posted: 1 February,all,Vanost,The recent January patch has changed the game in a very negative way.
76561198013535970,Not Recommended,226320,29471618,Posted: 24 January,all,Reien,Stay away from this game.  Devs pressed the rewind button and put the entire playerbase back into the stone age.  It's basically a beta right now and that's being generous.Go play something else.  Anything else.  Just don't give your time or money to Marvel Heroes 1967.
,Not Recommended,226320,29734636,Posted: 5 February,all,somedude,"You know, the most recent update really is emblematic of the continuing issues the game has had since the massive overhaul was revealed.  In the most recent patch, the developers made the following decision:  that on difficulties higher than the default, the gear needed to survive those difficulties could only be *earned* in those same difficulties.Literally the most fundamental concept in a loot-driven ARPG is that the gear dropped in your current difficulty includes gear that allows you move up to the next difficulty level.  The fact that they willfully failed to understand and implement this most basic structure is a severe indictment of the level of competence and care that this game has received as part of its update.Furthermore, this update was not announced in advance, or even in the patch notes, but only after the fact when people realized loot in the game was broken and called them on it.  When you not only make game-breaking decisions, but won't even communicate them to your player base, that's even more problematic.While this is only one example, it is illustrative of the vast majority of the changes that have been implemented in this update.  From the movement speed changes to the power bar limitations, decisions have been made that have harmed the game to no clear benefit.  As someone who followed the beta testing of this update, and viewed the mountains of feedback pointing out the clear problems that were entirely ignored, I can only say that the development team was made more than aware of the problems they were causing, and knowing this released the update with all of these problems intact, with no clear plan on fixing them.As it stands right now, this game is fundamentally broken, and while veterans may be able to struggle through for now, if you are reading this review and trying to determine whether this game is worth your time and money...  as of this point, it is not, and you should absolutely stay away.  If this game is generally fixed at some point in the future, I may update this review, but right now, this is not a game or a game company that should be rewarded for the changes that have been made so far.tl;dr:  Recent updates have taken what was a fun, casual and interesting game and made it a boring, unrewarding grind that as of now actually tries to prevent new players from advancing beyond the easiest difficulty tier.  It should be avoided unless and until it is fixed."
76561198177094649,Not Recommended,226320,29539871,Posted: 28 January,all,hadrit,The game is not as fun or interesting to play post-BUE.
76561198086280359,Not Recommended,226320,29496652,Posted: 25 January,all,jon_jam_301,"I played the beta (wasn't impressed), left for a while, came back, was thrilled by the improvements to the game in 2015-2016, and now I'm probably going to leave again after this update.I hate to say it, but they really did break the game.The change to the movement powers is painful to those of us who enjoyed rapidly teleporting hither, thither, and yon. The change to the power trees is just downright infuriating. And finally, the way they butchered my carefully managed inventory practically brings a tear to my eye. All of my hard won uniques are just GONE.I hope for Gazillion's sake that they manage to secure some new players. Their veteran players all seem to be leaving in droves."
76561197981068910,Not Recommended,226320,29775916,Posted: 7 February,all,FTW,After spend a lot of money and 2000+ hrs with this game and wait for so long for new raid. After big update what I got is you need to play 2000+ hrs again with same mode and story for making you be the same as before update. I am not recommend this game to anyone.
,Not Recommended,226320,30124357,Posted: 23 February,all,James,"I enjoyed this game before the ""big patch"" that took the whole of 2016 to complete. it's utter sh** because it fu***** broke the game and they are trying to please the console market while screwing over the pc player base this will die very quickly if they don't revert the changes (but i doubt that will happen because money dictates everything in this world and so they can make a quick buck out of people on console and then ruin that version too most likely) i don't have anything else to say that hasn't been said one thousand times already. basically don't play this game unless you like getting fu***** over with bugs and ""new big updates"""
,Not Recommended,226320,30133664,Posted: 23 February,all,ThyPentacle,"All in all I had ok time with this game till recently. The changes hitting it now are nerfing a lot of features, killing some drop items or otherwise killing options for some items, and a few of the characters that used to be my favorite had changes made to them that made them horrible to play in comparison. (mostly power cooldowns added) The final straw (that made me post this review) was a crash today that obliterated a days work and a LOT of items I struggled to get, all gone. All progress wiped... as if I didn't play that day. Even game settings and gear changes. POOF!!! So yeah... I may or may not attempt to give this game a chance again, I don't know yet... if the game makers respond to the trouble ticket (highly doubt they will give a ****) I'll try to give it another chance."
,Not Recommended,226320,29475521,Posted: 24 January,all,CoasterCraft Gold,"I got back into this game nearly a year ago, experienced the new content then decided to wait for more. Still waiting. And don't tell me the Dr Strange mission was new content, it was just the Ultron terminal with demons instead of robots."
76561198011914369,Not Recommended,226320,29475113,Posted: 24 January,all,Terryon,"They've completely changed the control scheme of the game for the console launch, which takes a lot of the fun away. How they are trying to push this as a good thing is an insult to our intelligence. I don't believe in supporting such business practices."
,Not Recommended,226320,29773029,Posted: 7 February,all,Duko,"The Big new Update really really is bad. Once you played it, you will know what we all mean. What a waste to a good game."
76561198047046058,Not Recommended,226320,29648909,Posted: 2 February,all,Ish'Kafel,"This game seems to be on a roller coaster when it comes to its quality.It had serious issues in open beta, but it got better and better with every update. The decline started a year ago when Danger room was added. It promised a skill based random game mode, but ended with dmg sponges and rubbish reward/time ratio. However with the deployment of the ""biggest update ever"" the game crashed into the ground. And it crashed hard. The new infinity system(!), movement skill changes, powerbar changes, ignorance towards player feedback and killing the unique items before the next tier is added... these developers spit in the face of loyal players in hope of luring new players and being more console friendly. You may like this game as it is but for me it's a stranger who killed one of my favourite games.Maybe the roller coaster will go up before the game fades into the void. Untill then."
76561198006139417,Not Recommended,226320,29569032,Posted: 29 January,all,l3g3ndq,"Update: 4-23-17it has been nearly 3 months since my last update and things have actually gotten worse!Gaz seams to have stopped all production for the PC version of their game and instead devote all development time to their recently announced PS4 and X Box version of their game. What is really sad is nearly everything the PC players have been asking for in game is now in the console version and not/wont be in the PC version. All news is for only console with nothing about PC and the deve team wont talk about the PC version at all. The forums are horrible now days, long time members and people that once stood up for Gaz are leaving and or getting banned left and right. Dev team members that post on the forums are getting rude and at times nasty, though there are still a couple of the dev team that are actually quite nice and try and play the good guy but they are even being hushed by the lead devs.The PC version of this game is on a fast track to no where. There are no hopes in sight right now. If you were thinking about maybe giving this game a try then i say hold off... wait till June and come in here and see what the atmosphere is like and also check out the forums. Do that first. I would not spend a pinney on this game right now and to be honest i havnt in quite a while. I once was a big spender in this game, would pre order individual heroe packs when they became available, would buy costumes every other month or so, i would buy boosts when ever the really good ones would be added to the store but now?? nothing, i dont trust Gaz right now and you should not either. In the past couple of months they have broken 2 of their biggest rules and promises, One was to never ever offer the founder pack costumes and second to keep the chase costumes rare by only offering them a couple of times a year and never at a discounted price. they have now broke both of those promises. They are offering the founders pack Spider-Man costume right now on the PS4 and just last month they released the Logan chase costume at a discount and included it in a costume pack that you can get in store at any time or from here on steam at any time for a lower price as well.Update: 1-29-17I just can not recommend this game at this point.The BUE hit way too soon. Their big update was not complete and it has really messed up a lot of things. The dev team did not listen to its players and decided to go ahead with all the major changes. Movement is slowed way down, damage is tuned down as well, items were completly changed and that meant having to spend credits to unbind and or reroll their stats. many things were taken away way too early, other things are pointless or will be once the second part of the patch drops in 3 to 4 to 6 months down the road.right now in game there realy isnt anything to do, all gear you loot will be pointless once the second part of the update hits so no reason to farm for items, no new content for the vets. so if you are a new player you can level up heroes but anything other than that will be a waste of time and effert.my recomendation to any new players looking at this game and thinking ""hmm that might be fun"" i say wait, wait untill around June, put this game in your wishlist and check the reviews and see how things are going. by June maybe all the big updates will have hit and maybe things will have normalised by then. The same goes to any returning players thiking about returning to the game.as for the games forums, they seam to be getting even worse. what was once a great and fun place to hang out between playing is now not so much fun. it is completly devided now and some of the dev team that post in there are starting to sound and be very rude, im sure its just stress but it still looks bad when you see it from a dev.12-19-16as of right now i can not recommend this game. or if you do play it i would not spend any money on it at all. 2016 has been a horrible year for this game compared to 2015 and 2014, going from 12 new heroes a year down to 5 hurts it a lot, not to mention no new zones or areas at all added this year.there is also this big huge update on its way in that no one really asked for and from what i have seen in the test center it's not making the game better at all. they are also holding back the last 3 new heroe releases untill their update is fully out so most likely not untill march of next year.its really sad to see this game fall so far after being so high and so good. it has been one of the best free to play games i have ever played. it was trully free to play, you can get every playable hero for free and not have to spend one dime to get them, same with the team ups. this company is also really good about giving out a lot of free stuff as well. if you get onto their forums you will find for the most part a really good community and if you go into their special giveaway forum you can win a lot of free in game things that will help your characters. That being said this past year the forum community has started to change a bit, a lot of the good natured and nice people there have left, there are still more good people than bad there but the number of ""jerks"" is on the rise"
,Not Recommended,226320,29491925,Posted: 25 January,all,Sara Games,"Turned into a grindfest now with the ""biggest update ever"".  Not the fun kind of grindfest either.  This is the kind where you feel forced to buy boost items with real money if you're a new player who didn't get your gear while it was easier (before this patch).  Once the new items come out, and some harder difficulty modes, even the most hardcore fanboys left will realize how they're getting ripped off.That said, if you never ever want to be able to play the endgame highest difficulty content that will be coming out in the next few months on heroes you just got or a new account, you'll be fine."
76561198031486715,Not Recommended,226320,29503613,Posted: 26 January,all,Mictlante,"I really wanted to give this update a chance, but it's really bad, I'm not talking about limited dashes which I can somehow handle, but destroyed itemization without new alternative and complete disrespect for the curent playerbase is just something I can't forgive that easy."
,Not Recommended,226320,29685183,Posted: 3 February,all,[VGH] Titanic Truths LLC,This was once a great game but the newest Patch has ruined it. By major nerfing movement and simpfication of game machanics make it hard to recomend this game anymore.  They also nerfed new player experence also by removing the Free Hero unlock for new players. Now they give you only 400 splinters for beating the tutorial and 200 if you log in 7 days in a row. Now if you want to unlock Spiderman from the start you gotta wait 7 days to do so. AVOID FOR RIGHT NOW!
,Not Recommended,226320,29575462,Posted: 29 January,all,SHZENBETA,"Having played this game since 2013 on and off, (albiet mainly via the gazillion before recently switching to steam hence why I have a low playing time), I always found this as a fun time wasting game which allowed me to play as my favourite heroes for free. As a casual player, I have felt the changes a lot less severely than others who have spent many hours in this game. But, even so, this ""update"" has made the game feel worse for me.The customization I have done with my heroes, e.g. Rogue has dissapeared and overall the game has been slower and clunkier.I am suffering issues I previously did not, running this game.Even worse is how the playerbase has changed. Back around a year ago, there were many people playing this game, fast foward to now, the numbers you find in the lobby or Manhatten etc. has dropped dramatically. This is partially due to this new update alienating the lifeblood of this game, the playerbase. With the lack of people, this game has become much more stale.In terms of gameplay, it has become stale, with the nerfs to movement and speed by far making this game less fun.The changes to the omega system/infinity system is annoying to say the least.The changes to powers also make this game much more infuriating to play, and while I understand this is supposedly for the future with console users, there won't be a future if the current playerbase stop playing."
76561198045066397,Not Recommended,226320,29634249,Posted: 1 February,all,CW,Sorry this last failpatch made me say no thanks anymore. Companies that ruin PC games and dumb them down for console ports should fail.
76561197977212995,Not Recommended,226320,29472074,Posted: 24 January,all,-W3E- Wildstar,"The game used to be fun with custimization options using the omega system and movement builds.  You could basically play when and how you wanted.  The new infinity system removes alot of that customization and makes it much more vanilla.  The dash nerf and one power bar limit also hurts.  One thing I do like about the update is the power bank for Rogue, which makes changing her builds much easier.  Unfortunately one step forward, and three steps back though."
76561197965006564,Not Recommended,226320,29451171,Posted: 23 January,all,pajdo,It was fun untill this patch. RIP
76561197989313472,Not Recommended,226320,29833418,Posted: 10 February,all,Ghost Nappa,"It took me a long time to get to like Marvel Heroes. It came out in relatively rough shape with a not-so-great microtransaction business model. But over the last year or two, I have come around because of the incredible outreach the devs made in improving the game and talking to the community. Prior to last month, I would have put it in my top three ARPGs.Then the Update happened.Last month, developers moved to make some sweeping changes. Some are beneficial, such as:- Talent trees for all heroes which lends some diversity to other characters who were generally limited to cookie-cutter builds- Simplification of boosts cuts down on some of the bloat in the in-game store which was probably confusing and a turn-off for new players.- General balance pass that helped prop up some heroes who've fallen by the wayside and knocked a couple who were top tier for far too long.But the brunt of the update was how the game changed movement within game and post-leveling progression:- Movement powers were all slowed down by about 20%.- Characters with teleports are now limited to short distance hops that still have travel time- All characters are limited to just a couple dodges on a cooldown.- OMEGA leveling, which was postgame skillpoints, has been removed in favor of a carbon copy of Diablo III's Paragon levels. These take excessive grinding to acquire, barely impact your character's stats, and many are actually just irrelevant to your character (Summoner Damage on characters without summons)One of the biggest frustrations with these changes is that they are geared towards console release. Dataminers have found increasing amount of references in game code for an upcoming PS4 version. Despite this, developers are misleadingly insisting these changes are unrelated.The worst part of these changes is the feedback. Players cried foul for months ahead of time and devs retreated on social media and the forums, only responding to positive posts and ignoring constructive criticism. Since it dropped, they have largely either ignored the uproar or noted that ""It's for the long-term best interest of the game"". At this moment, upcoming patches appear to largely address unrelated issues. Given the Gazillion's lack of responsiblity and foresight in handling this, I cannot recommend Marvel Heroes at this time."
,Not Recommended,226320,29477899,Posted: 24 January,all,{-ŤofÐ-}SwiftVIII,"So many heros ruined by their new 'power trees'At what point did they think removing the best abilities was a good idea for the game.I really liked this game, shame they ruined it."
,Not Recommended,226320,29477105,Posted: 24 January,all,Rock_Hard_Brock,I seriously hope they revert the latest patch.. This game was actually quite good before the devs f*cked everything up.
76561198053567552,Not Recommended,226320,29914860,Posted: 13 February,all,Blugorilla,"594 hours on record before this update. i stopped playing because of lack of updates and nerfs. the new patch came out and nerfed all movement powers. this game will die soon.  enjoy it... or dont im done not one more hour will be played in this game.  all they do is nerf they never improve or add new content. the lack of space in this game forces you to pay real money for space. ive play since game launch and it was great back then with less content because the ""SUPER""heroes felt super and powerfull. not they are limited and weak."
76561198043768266,Not Recommended,226320,29483678,Posted: 25 January,all,Coburg,"went from bad, to great, to really bad, a great shame because I wanted to get into the game more, and they ruined it with the patch - sad"
,Not Recommended,226320,29496338,Posted: 25 January,all,Saerif,"Download game 01/26/17 after about a year break.  Load into the game and see more clutter and shiz filling my inventory then ever before.  Spend 10 minutes trying to find my multi action bar only to realize I now have only 8 action slots available.  Look at my talent system to see if I need to respec... what system... wth happened to this game.  All my time and enjoyment has been thrown away by this new patch.  I would not recommend this game to anyone now,  it will slowly become idiot proof and grueling to play."
,Not Recommended,226320,29811834,Posted: 9 February,all,Glenalth,"Brave decision on the developers part to remove all of the interesting customization options from their game when the entire game is based on customization.  Depth of character building is gone and for a game with a minimal amount of content, there is no reason to recommend this game any more beyond one playthrough of the storyline."
76561198104728676,Not Recommended,226320,29491125,Posted: 25 January,all,wisdomseeker,"Ô Lord Brevik ! Forgive them ! They do not know what they are doing !Played since 2013. The ""biggest update ever"" is the worst thing that gazillion could do to this game and its players.Mobility change makes the game slow, sluggish and unplayable in raid.Infinity system is just a pure joke.This is the end of the game if Gazillion does not react immediately.Edit 07th of September.Omega prestige is coming. Just an other debilitating thing. 70 more prestiges to make but only if your hero is prepared for that (only spidey right now). This game become worse day after day.I do not even want to develop. It disgusts me. It is time to consider another cycle and to look elsewhere."
76561197970477601,Not Recommended,226320,30225363,Posted: 27 February,all,Sinned,"Game has been ""Consolized"" in the latest patch.""the biggest update"" ""for the health of the game"" means removing and limiting the choices on how you can build your characters powers.If you have a lot of characters at high level and put a lot of effort in their equipment, you're gonna suffer a bit more, as they did not include unbinds after all the changes."
76561197973325625,Not Recommended,226320,29403570,Posted: 21 January,all,Nafun,"Everything you need to know about this game is that the devs just rolled out a massive amount of nerfs to facilitate a console launch.  Consoles couldn't handle the pace of the game so dash abilities were nerfed into uselessness, and travel abilities (Like running), have been given a ~1 second channel time in which your character must, I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, run in place before he can start running (at a much slower rate than pre patch).  The post 60 advancement system (called the omega system), which was a lore rich web of abilities you could purchase has been replaced with the ""infinity"" system.  The new system has only a handful of things to spend your points on (6 categories, each with 6 abilities) versus the old system's hundreds, and forces you to spend points in categories that are useless to your character.   It also bears mentioning that this game, which launched with very little content, has had very little additional content added in the past three years.  It has very little raid content (2 raids, both very, very old and puggable), and virtually no pvp (one level, it's been in 'beta' for years, no one plays it).  About 80% of the new content are new characters to buy and new costumes to buy.  About 18% of the new content are incentivized movie tie ins (and the Marvel policy on no cross promotion for Fox films means no events, costumes, or character tie ins with X-Men/Deadpool/F4 movies)  The rest of the 'new content' is basically rehashed 'arcade style' versions of existing story levels.TL;DRThey have decided that consoles are a more lucrative market than the PC gamers who have kept this game going for three years.  Save your money, play something else."
,Not Recommended,226320,30136455,Posted: 24 February,all,DOUGHNUT182,"i liked this game, but when you take away mobility and charge more money for the items in a free game you start to push your luck. you can't walk in the same direction EA's been walking in, it won't work with us anymore, we're not the idiots you took us for. Yeah you'll always have the stupid ponce's who'd never leave their comfort zones, but you can't rely on them alone to keep the franchise going.when you patch the game and keep it the way it used to be, then we'll be happy.but until that time, can't recommend unless you're a pillock"
76561198006845515,Not Recommended,226320,30192310,Posted: 26 February,all,deathnor,they SWG their game. it might well turn out beyond all expectations. however atm its a half baked multi bugged mess.
,Not Recommended,226320,29733431,Posted: 5 February,all,IanTheRed,1400 hours in this game. Came back to check out the new update and like everyone else I was disappointed.
,Not Recommended,226320,29493162,Posted: 25 January,all,Mark Venturelli,This game is extremely unpolished and unsatisfying to play.
76561198063147837,Not Recommended,226320,29739949,Posted: 6 February,all,dalskdjlasqwdasdas,"This game went from bad in 2013 to good in 2014 and reached its peak in 2015-16, but now its unplayable for older players. New players who did not experience the peak of this game would still probably enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,226320,29712029,Posted: 4 February,all,Peridot,"PROS:At least loki's has an ultimate now.CONS:moving around this grindfest is a complete chore now,  It was only bearable when you could just blink at spirit cost or for free or whatever dumb thing your hero used. Awesome!Many squishier builds are completely garbage now.Characters that required more than one bar and did not transition are useless.Talent system is much better for heroes that were trash, devastating for everyone else.Talent system has obvious objective branch choices.I.E. doom has to take a talent for his latverian army now, instead of just having it.The omega system was overwhelming to newbies, but the new infinity system is a bore and wastes a tone of time.Talent system would be interesting to new players, but its just a lame tone down of the previous skills' abilities.TLDR:  Before they gimped movement; this game was a  grindfest diablo clone with a marvel skin.Now:   You really start to notice how long it takes to reach bosses in midtown, hightown, etc. Many gimmick characters that were fun because of their constant movement or etc, are fun for about 1 second, twice on a twelve second cooldown.  So enjoy that double blink when you need to cross maps to kill x boss x times for no drops."
,Not Recommended,226320,29464471,Posted: 24 January,all,Crimson0mega,"This was my all time favorite game to play until the 1/17 update. I've spend a couple hundred on it over the past 3 years and didn't regret it once until now. They nerfed every character, ruined every form of travel (teleport, vehiclesl, dashes, and even running), and made attributes entirely pointless. The game is completely unplayable in its current state and I just wish I would have know what was to come before investing so much time and funds into a game that the devs would just nuke to nothing. 0/10 would not recommend until they replace everything about the game that made it fun."
76561198012070980,Not Recommended,226320,30209611,Posted: 26 February,all,Agitatr,"I liked it when I first started playing, it was a pretty good ARPG that was somewhat engaging. I didn't know there was a giant patch on the way that drastically changed the game until a day or 2 before. After the patxch the entire game changed and was not what I initially started playing so I quit."
76561198165900090,Not Recommended,226320,29559945,Posted: 29 January,all,archlorddarcon,"The BUE is a mixed bag, unfortunately it's an unfinished product.  I'd agree with the sentiment it's the BME, Biggest Mistake Ever. Many of the community were blindside by the depth of the changes and the inconsistency of changes discussed in forums.For the casual player who didn't read the forums they had a huge surprise.  I only learned about the BUE in late December and tried to take it all in but missed a lot, plus the stated rate of changes to the recipes was changed without clear fore knowledge.   That alone was highly frustrating.Cons1. Basically a really fast paced game has been slowed down dramatically.2. The heroes have been nerfed.   Doing less damage overall.3.  Access to only 8 powers.  We used to have access to 3 power bars, 8 powers per bar and have all the powers we wished to use and assign  up to 168 powerpoints as we saw fit.  Choosing the powers we wanted, max the powers we wanted is no longer.4. No longer superheroes just heroes. .Now heroes feel like they are fighting with one hand tied behind their back due to their limited power selection. Many heroes now have much of their powers on cooldown during fights and feel limited during combat.  Normally I would have just chosen another power bar and cycle through, no more.5. We now have limited options for builds for the heroes which is determined by the talents of each hero. If we ignore the talents players will gimp their heroees.  Few of the powers I personally liked to use together are the ones the devs chose to work togehter. therefore forcing players to change how they play the heroes.6. The Omega system was replaced with the inferior Infinity system.  The former Omega system offered  true customiziblity of the heroes.The Infiinty Systema.  offers few choices.b.  higher costs,c.  infiity point progression 10 times slower.d. decreased the progress of veterans by dividing Omega points by 10.e. Players no longer can envision and play heroes how we wish by upping defense or melee or ranges etc.f, wasted infinity points in gems we don't care for.g. pychologically less rewarding since points are fewer, slower coming, less rewarding.  Formerly Omegas could be               assigned more usefully as you played.  Now maybe once every few months would you look at Infinity points.7. The upside of the slowdown is not finished, the drop loot has bugs,8. the Omega gear isn't finished yet,9.The higher difficulties aren't finished.10. The economy of the game changed.  Cost of recipes weren't lowered on release yet recipes that created currency thru exchange  in the game were removed.   Though that since has been fixed.11. Some of the recipes were prematurely removed or poorly communicated they were being removed.12. Many artifacts now had higher level requirements, only being equiped at max level.13. Ultimate power not accessible until level 60, formerly 52.  One of the joys of prestiging was getting our ulitmate back for the final push, that now gone.14. The traits for some  hero weren't consistent with lore.  Some players spent resources realigning heroes after update, then find out the traits are being changed in a later patch.  Those should have been formalzied earlier.  Traits now limit attributes.  Many players had to reassign artifacts or costly bonuses to benefit from the new system.15. Due to change in artifacts, uniques formerly BIS are no longer and require millions to reroll to get BIS again.  With the change in the economy for those not having the foresight to stockpile credit chest only a few heroes would be as powerful as before.16. Limited dashes,17. Linking dashes to breaking crowd control18. Reintroduce difficulty settings furher bifurcating player base.Pros1. Team up synergy- encourages players to own more teamups.2. Mission Tracker is customizable and on one tab.3. Updated graphics look good and more cut scenes.4. Updated artifacts.5. Costume cores are easier to reassign for individual heroes if you have multiple costumes.7. Increased difficulty Zone option.8. Easier to complete Cosmic Trial.9. Removal of Startech, though interesting initially, became annoying trash.10. Medkits no longer take up space, cost nothing. great new feature.I understand some of the decisions, slower combat so we can see the combat clearer. I like beating up trash mobs, a reward system is being designed for loot explosions by accumulating xp which the mobs can trigger which is a good idea but this has yet to be implimented.   The BUE should NEVER have been released without that.The devs poor communication, steadfastness in the face of many in the community objecting to the changes. Many player feel that they have gotten all stick and no carrot.  Many of the complaints were discussed in Test Center but the objections appear thave been ignored. The sense that we players are being told we aren't playing the heroes correctly.  The sense that the game is being streamlined for console and PC users are being used as testers for console.  The slow pace at which new content has come out, many player are still waiting on heroes from last year.Overall the BUE has been a negative.. I miss the Omega system, multiple powerbars, level 52 ultimate the most.  Everything else can be dealt with but the Omega system is like Chess and Infinity system is like Checkers.The Devs should have communicated in game with windows, notifiying the changes beforehand. Frankly focused on new content, heroes rather than redesign what wasn't broken.  Now the game feels very incomplete, slower and LESS superheroic and if last year is any guide the new finished game won't be done for some time."
76561198023427841,Not Recommended,226320,29597704,Posted: 30 January,all,madbull,"Marvel Heroes the 3rd edition of the game, the 2017 remake via the biggest update,  in my opinion is a complete failure for a game that had turned it around after the initial launch.   They have simplified so much,  like getting rid of the omega customization system for the overly simplified infinity system.  Why not spend the time revamping the omega system which was much more interesting.   Gone are talent point skill points and the ability to increase certain powers over others.  Hate , hate, hate the movement change which slows everything down.  Where is the new content to go along with the biggest update?   They drop this complete change and say it's all not done yet, just wait for the rest?  WTH.  There are plenty of other things to complain here, but I'm done spending $ with this overhaul.I will agree, they are trying to go console with this, but it is a big step backwards on many levels for a pc game that came out in 2014."
76561197986717260,Not Recommended,226320,29570504,Posted: 29 January,all,Poisonedpawn78,New update is complete garbage. A once fun game has been completely ruined by new devs who have no idea what they are doing.
76561197986325717,Not Recommended,226320,29910070,Posted: 13 February,all,battledge,Game went from Diablo 2 to World of Warcraft... and NOT in any good way.
76561198039132457,Not Recommended,226320,29460208,Posted: 24 January,all,Bjorrie,"Currently an untuned mess. Sweeping changes were made against players' wishes, all testing server feedback was thrown aside and now we have an unplayable pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't join now, certainly don't spend any money until they get their heads out of their asses.edit Feb 10, 2017: They are slowly fixing bugs and things, a few more weeks and it should be good to go."
76561198042570597,Not Recommended,226320,29550099,Posted: 28 January,all,nGio,"Recent overhaul of the game made it awful. Movement powers are extremely limited now, and the game plays at a snail's pace. Gear is cookie cutter for monkeys now, and hero power was nerfed extensively. They must be looking to branch out into third world countries, because this the slowest and most dumbed down arpg in the genre's history. If you like moving slow, and killing enemies even slower then watching paint dry and playing MH 2016 is for you."
76561198007381568,Not Recommended,226320,29452175,Posted: 23 January,all,Bruti-sanshi-dalm-mo,"latest patch turned this once "" one of the best hack and slash games of all times "" into sluggish consolified peice of garbage. I´m gonna go play Path of exile insted or watch paint dry. Less frustrating then trying to play this game in its current form. Gone are the following1.fluent movement fast pace combat2.awesome customization3.multiple talent trees to choose from4.the actual feel maxing mining once toon felt like it matteredinsted you get1. imposible targeting ( prob to accomidate controllers sigh )2. the utter sell out of the original pc player base to try and cater to a console market, by gutting everything to kindergarten level. Insted of making a seperate client they just wrecked the pc client insted because why the bleep not !?!3. ALL the hours you put into the game prior means nothing as all characters are back to being molested by every low life thug you run into, should relabel it "" marvel not so Heroes ""4. ALL your old gear has all been rewamped and because the current top tier gear has not been put into the game our current max level gear is utter garbage. So you spend hours getting that 1 item..... well sucks to be you thats now worthless5. Half the characters feels rushed and every summoner in the game has been send to jail, as they are currently so useless a critter squirrel has more staying power against a super villain then them.All in all this is a utter screw you guys ! to all the long term veteran pc players, i hope they reconsider or makes a console client insted of this, but right now the game is unplayable."
76561198149189080,Not Recommended,226320,29638119,Posted: 1 February,all,I CABLE I,"So this game was awsome before the update. Then I was banned from chat for stating my opinion. I guess freedom of speech doesn't work everywhere unless  the opinion is a good one for this game. So i was banned from chat. I appealed and received a 7 day account ban. After the ban I tried logging back in to give this game another shot since I realized after all my hours played and money spent I thought to myself maybe the update is not that bad. I logged back in and lord behold I was still ban from chat. I appealed again and no response. I tried playing this but its impossible to play when I cant raid cause  of the chat ban. I cant trade, raid, or party chat due to the chat ban which makes the game worse to play that its pathetic, especially with the new update. They should have ban me just from the social tab. But its cool that means gazillion lost another customer. I have a gut feeling this game isn't going too far and does not have much of a life line left. Advise for the future players freedom of speech in this game does not work even with a filter implamented unless your opinion benifets this game. Becareful what you say. So I deleted the game from my computer and will never return. Atleast the old gazillion team listened to their costumors. Ill pop bottles when I hear the news that this game bit the dust which Im sure it won't be long its already out lived its life span anywayse. Till then ill take my money else where to something more fun."
,Not Recommended,226320,29566586,Posted: 29 January,all,Not Good Enough To Be a Noob,"This game was fun and casual at one point.I used to love it.Now, it's another Gaming Industry Failure."
76561197961980953,Not Recommended,226320,29533617,Posted: 27 January,all,Hustler,"You pour your heart, soul, and cash to this game just so the developers could ""revamp"" and change it to an entirely different game. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME EVEN THOUGH IT'S FREE.This game is doomed to fail with this ""biggest update ever"".I spent over $100 in this game and I feel cheated. This feels a lot worst than buying an alpha stage game and not seeing any progress (such as DayZ, H1Z1)."
,Not Recommended,226320,29448220,Posted: 23 January,all,Selph,"Game was really fun, the update killed itEDIT: Rebranded as Marvel Heroes Omega but Omega tier items that were supposed to be in the BUE are still MIA"
,Not Recommended,226320,29462946,Posted: 24 January,all,chrisoc,"The Biggest Update Ever has come!My profile will tell you I have sunk almost 1500 hours into Marvel heroes since it's beta came to Steam a few years ago. It won't tell you I have spent nearly $1000 as well.Each year  would buy the expensive Advance Pack and usually spend $200 on Gs to spend as well.At this point my spending has come to an end and it's very likely my playing has as well.I'm not going to lie, I play very casually. I like to hop in for an hour after work to relax. Sometimes on a lazy weekend I'd spend half a day in game. It may have been repetetive because there really hasn't been much new content added in the last year, but it was fun. Mindless fun, but fun all the same.The Biggest Update Ever changed a lot about the game:It simplified power Trees and added Talents. feels very much like Warcraft to me. I wasn't attached to power trees as they were so this is fine. There are no more power points either. When you unlock a power it is unlocked at it's fullest potential. Honestly that's a great change...When levelling I rarely remember to allocate points.It simplified the Capped Omega System into the Uncapped Infinity System. I understand why they did this but am not the biggest fan of it. Sure in the old system it was quite easy to look up a cookie cutter build and implement it. But realistically that's all that's going to happen in this new system too. It may be uncapped, but points are equally allotted between all 6 stones. This takes control away from the player and essentially makes you earn 6 points for each 1 you want to spend. This is a total fail in freedom to choose.A lot of the story chapters were updated. I'm sure that's good for new players. For me and players like me, not so much.A lot of artifacts got huge changes. Some became more useful to certain types of characters, others were completely changed to the point that they are useless for characters they were already on. The changes left soem players needing to farm for new artifacts for those slots. That'd be fine if there was any new content in this Biggest Update Ever.There isn't. Nothing.There are changes to the Buff system that feel like the game is becoming significantly more Pay To Win as well. As someone who has no problem paying for a game i enjoy this would not be a big deal to me, but I definitely see it as an issue for whatever future free players they manage to draw in.But the biggest change and my biggest problem is the changes to Movement Powers. Dashes are limited to 3 (more on some characters through talents) recharging every few seconds (the cooldown can be lowered through the Infinity system). Travel powers now have an annoying .75 second delay before they kick in to stop players from using them as a makeshift dash. Some characters got a neat animation that makes the delay less noticable. Others got animations that scream YOU CAN'T MOVE.While I understand the devs reasons for the changes and appreciate their hard work, the movement changes specifically have made the game less fun. I've logged in out of habit the last few days but I feel that is about to end. I've learned in my old age to stop doing things that don't make me happy and sadly Marvel Heroes no longer makes me happy."
76561198192895085,Not Recommended,226320,29405445,Posted: 21 January,all,Siamese Dream gamdom.com,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄New ░▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░Update░░░░░░░░░░
76561198018021388,Not Recommended,226320,29660990,Posted: 2 February,all,Mailus,"This final update has been the nail in the coffin... When devs find themselves cornered... lacking the skills or willpower to create proper content, to add more hroes, to hold to a rather fair F2P format. Greed and laziness shine through.Marvel Heroes has had its ups and downs... I´ve been around since the closed Beta, i was a founder, supported the project like so many others... This update makes me feel like i´ve wasted years of my life. Spent years working on a functional system, on customizing many characters, spent plenty of money because it felt worth it...The complains aren't so much about the damage rebalance or dashing reduction, that's fine... But the omega system, something people have spent thousands of hour to level it up, was thrown to the garbage completely, 2nd and 3rd skill bars, erased, very customizable skill/spec tree, discarded... A lot of people have fully maxed characters at this point, and relearning them as they level isnt an option anymore. They've made gear people have worked for obsolete, not because there are new items with better stats, but because they've rendered old stats completely obsolete.Now it isnt worth even as a F2P. don´t even try it."
76561198043365157,Not Recommended,226320,29456484,Posted: 23 January,all,Batman,"Nope. Game is on a sharp decline. Do yourself a favor and find another ARPG, this one has been assassinated by the new people in charge, who apparently have a background with Activision and EA. This is terrible news for people that enjoy this game as a fun, free-to-play experience. I haven't played in about 6 months. It blew my mind when I updated it and logged in to try out the ""biggest update ever"", only to see charges and cooldowns on movement powers. Like....WHAT!!!??? RIP Marvel Heroes."
,Not Recommended,226320,29461251,Posted: 24 January,all,NoVa,"Long time player, very unhappy with the new patch. I will be going back to Path of Exile, and not spending any more money on this game until I see the devs making good decisions with major patches, not just the weekly fixes. Design changes should be more thought out than this."
76561198044631819,Not Recommended,226320,29516047,Posted: 26 January,all,Necron7,"Gaz takes the Super out of hero....                                                                                                                                                        This game used to be above average at best. Now with the "" Biggest Update Ever"" it's become an underwhelming grind fest with little to no reward at the end. The Dev's took away the allure of the game which is being a Superhero that gave you the feeling that you had some impact in the world, to just being a hero with little impact at all. This ""Big Update"" didn't add any new content (which it has very little of) or any updated effects. Gaz and their Dev's have given us a weaker version of a game that hundreds of other games do better.The only reason I can see why Gaz destroyed their game was to try and sell it on the Playstation. Gaz has thrown this game back in Beta mode with countless updates needed just to make it average again. Very sad... :("
,Not Recommended,226320,29876311,Posted: 12 February,all,ヅⓂⓄⓃⒼⓄヅ,after the update it is still so much bugs for the char thor......i loved to play thor until the update destroyed it all.can´t even use mjolnir for flying like i did before update sothe update has destroyed the game for now.
,Not Recommended,226320,29728034,Posted: 5 February,all,Vincente Fox,"It's truly rare that you have the opportunity to watch a company and its game self-destruct so quickly and spectacularly like you can with Gazillion and Marvel Heroes right now. They clearly don't have the talent or resources to keep up with their game and are compounding that by expending what resources they do have, not only on not improving the game, but on actively making it worse by undoing the things they've spent the last year working on and that their players spent their time attaining. The goal seems to be excising fun with surgical precision, except that surgical precision is an order of magnitude away from anything the team can muster these days, as evidenced by the myriad bugs present in every single thing rolled out (accompanied by contradictory dev posts on the matter). They have been hemmorhaging management and developers for some time now, which has turned the company into a mess, which has made more people want to leave, so it's a vicious cycle of incompetence lacking completely in direction except for ""away from a good game.""Nearly every change is shortly undermined or undone, and they have recently kicked the foundations out from under the mechanics of their movement and combat systems to make sure even getting around the game world is a chore. Ostensibly, some of this is ruining the PC game in preparation for the launch of a bad console game, but right now, I'm not sure it will survive that long.It's a shame. This used to be a fun game."
,Not Recommended,226320,29593867,Posted: 30 January,all,olemiss_tim,"Version BUE:I'll start by saying that I'm so time-invested that I will continue to play...some, not like I used to play from October-ish 2013 through early January 2017. However, six hours of gametime since the update is enough to convince that the current Gazillion development team and I have very different ideas about how this game should evolve.  Meaning that my support for the game will dwindle as long as the current design philosophy prevails.1. Talents/powersWhen the developers began their announcement of the changes in their devblogs, this plan was one I was generally supportive of. Subject to my overall assement about the implementation, I'm pretty ambivalent about this change. Neither great nor terrible.2. MovementHere is a big area of divergence in opinion about the game design. The designers have reduced all heroes to essentially the same for purposes of getting around. Heroes whose identity is predicated on movement (e.g. Silver Surfer and Nightcrawler) are now limited like everyone else. I missed the explanation for the ""necessity"" of winding up for travel powers or charges for dashing, but the choppiness of it precludes me from even giving them a fair chance on justifying it.3. Infinity system replacing OmegaI was mixed on this proposed idea, and after reconfiguring a few heroes, I can say I LOATHE the new system. The old Omega system was flawed with an abundance of practically useless nodes or nodes that you took to unlock the actual useful nodes. I was very much in favor or streamlining the end-game progression, but streamlining is related to efficiency not OVERSIMPLIFICATION, which is precisely what the Infinity system has done.  But if that was the only change, I would only be mildly annoyed--what really infuriated me is the ham-fisted approach of forcibly allocating points into the six categories. To compare with the old system, It would be like having 10000 omega points but you could only spend 1000 in psionics, mutation, or any of the other branches.4. Implentation of the changes.I can sum up my thoughts on how Gazillion implemented the BUE with the term, HALF-COCKED. Implementing pieces of a system that require parts not yet available is just foolish.  There is the PR hit the game is rightfully taking--they were going to get some negativity regardless, but I would have don't think it would have reached as frothy bilious hostility had they delayed the update until the whole update was complete.I'm not privy to their internal sales data, but have to believe they are taking a substantial hit right now. I can say that I personally holding off from spending any money right now even though Beast is coming out soon, and he is the hero I have been most eagerly awaiting--at the current time, I'll probably just buy him with splinters as opposed to buying his bundle like I did with the other previous heroes I most wanted (the aforementioned SS, NC, and Rogue.)In sum, I wouldn't recommend this game to others at this time even though I will continue to play it some."
,Not Recommended,226320,29818358,Posted: 9 February,all,Niobe,"I can say after the new update the game is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I am a vet and I poured money into the game - and now I hate it. There is no daily login rewards anymore; it's slow and sluggish; we can't no longer have more than 1 skill bar, we are being placed onto the betting table in hopes of pulling mobile/console gamers into the scene.We also so a lot of options removed for builds and either not get representation or we were forced to take talents to return functionality to abilities. Summoners have no representation in the infinite part of the infinity system. Some heroes have been ruined or are neigh unplayable in high level content, i.e. Cap and Bucky. Gutting abilities, removing them, and then forcing people to take a talent in order to get it back up to current is not inventive.I'm tired of nerfs: I got killed by TRASH in patrols. TRASH. With my max-geared heroes, TRASH killed me. I am fairly certain that has never happened ever and it immediately made me feel like a regular civilian - certainly not superheroic.This game is not fun to play anymore."
76561197978654902,Not Recommended,226320,29839855,Posted: 10 February,all,Jolly,"Originally a standout fast-paced, highly accessible action RPG, Marvel Heroes has recently chosen a new design direction. It now has a slower pace and more challenging, engaging combat.Now, instead of defining its own genre, Marvel Heroes is sharing design space with Path of Exile and Diablo III. They may rival Path of Exile in quality one day, but for now, it's not a good look.Not recommended."
76561198217265840,Not Recommended,226320,29546043,Posted: 28 January,all,gugugugu,"The Biggest Update Ever ""BUE"" patch ruined most of my favourite heroes. I regret that i spent a lot of money to this game. I think i'll hiatus and wait for the Omega Item patch. I'd play another MMORPG right now..Btw Thanks Gaz for the update, you opened my eyes that there is a better game than Marvel heroes."
76561197974765905,Not Recommended,226320,29491139,Posted: 25 January,all,iustus furore,"So as a returning player I can say the game feels almost nothing like its previous versions. The infinity system feels terrible, especially going from 7500 omegas. I have completely lost all interest."
76561198033894359,Not Recommended,226320,29726691,Posted: 5 February,all,Da Amazing Badjao,"Used to be a bad game (Release) then got better over the years.Now it feels like an alpha game with no clear direction to where it's headed.Talents were a good idea but Gaz delivered horribly and rather than create diversity in builds, it instead led to builds being stale and cookie cutter ones.Difficulty is skewed now, what was once easy content was scaled up to a difficulty higher (Former green content is still green content but is now as hard as red content.) without giving increased rewards.Dashes feel wierd now due to charges, bosses still deliver one-hitting skills after another but you get only three charges which will allmost instantly be used up.Travel powers are now slower and have a windup.Free default costumes from prestiging are going away.Gaz is introducing new p2w content in the form of BIF which will also invalidate former paid for drop rate boosts.Costume size changes are going (Keep in mind some people paid for Pym Shrinking syrum just for it's size decrease).Infinity system, while it couldve been a great system, is very restricting, forces you to take unneeded stats, is more cost inefficient than former omega system and offers much less alternatives.TL;DRDon't bother spending money, Gaz cares more about it's soon to be console game than us."
76561198009737598,Not Recommended,226320,29646257,Posted: 2 February,all,Lebdy,"Played this game since beta, latest update killed all my passion for that game. No skillpoints, no option to exchange unique items all grinded build made worthless. Sadly I uninstall this game"
,Not Recommended,226320,29414447,Posted: 21 January,all,wheelman990,"This update killed anything good about this game. Do yourself a favor, play something elseHere is the way Marvel Heroes works. The longer you play, the more you get screwed. They nerf everything you get. Every last good item you find will become useless. You used to get a year or two out of the newest items before they became completely useless, but now it can be 4-6 months until it becomes junk. It's pathtic.Anyway, the new update makes you slower, weaker, and feels even more like a beta game then before (if that is possible). The forums constantly say...wait longer...wait longer. Same old thing since 2013. They have 2 years left on the Marvel rights. When exactly do you think that waiting game will end?the game has had zero new content since forever. Just more paint to make it seam like it has changed.Like I said, do yourself a favor and play something else. The only thing Marvel about this game is the costumes and Hero names.1 out of 5 stars."
76561198068446805,Not Recommended,226320,29403492,Posted: 21 January,all,Ruffio,"Some people will/do like the changes, they claim the game is now more of a “challenge” and/or “the game feels new and fresh”.. Some will/do like some of the changes, and some will adapt or try to adapt. And then there are some like me, who do not like any of the changes at all. Why? Because this is now no longer the game I fell in love with, spent most of my free time playing and one of the few games I threw money at.Yes it has changed, but it does NOT “feel new and fresh” and if I wanted that, call me crazy, I would have moved on and found another game. Doing the same old content at a slower rate is not what I call “feeling new and fresh” Having to respec and regear 59 level 60 heroes is not my idea of any kind of fun.Here’s the bottom line, if you have never played this game and want to try, go for it but don’t spend a dime on it, make no mistake, this game was changed for the new console cash cows. The paying PC players have for the most part been milked dry. Some new players, like some old player might still like the game, but it is NOT what it once was, so, I can no longer in all honesty recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,226320,29411467,Posted: 21 January,all,obobo,"Biggest update ever certainly didn't make the game more fun! I had a character I liked playing; he was the only character I liked playing and they up and changed him completely. I haven't uninstalled yet because I want to see what changes are in the pipeline, but this is probably it for me.If you're completely new to this game, maybe these changes make the game more fun -- it's certainly simpler!"
76561198005397128,Not Recommended,226320,29701161,Posted: 4 February,all,|iNSANE| LiTtleBROTHER,hero movement is restricted and even more so on other less mobile heroes.Power creep among heroes.alot of crowd control from mobs/bosses.bad loot/reward..keep changing game system and take long time players of the game for granted.inventory/stash are unorganised and limited space/slot.no new content..
,Not Recommended,226320,29637158,Posted: 1 February,all,michealds,post patch the game bascally became bad stop playing diablo 3 to play this and now its become diablo 3
76561198044125308,Not Recommended,226320,29877540,Posted: 12 February,all,Felcoreous,They  deleted my account.  I had to make a new account.  I finally get back into playing and now this................
76561198051626067,Not Recommended,226320,29738545,Posted: 6 February,all,Shadow Spider,"I've been playing this game since it hit steam and have logged in nearly 800 hours. This games USED to be one of my favorite games to play.However after the 'Epic Update' I find myself struggling to get any enjoyment out of it. Gaz's update seems to be aimed at streamlineing the game for console and new players. And while it certainly has done that it's also made the game far less engaging and boring after more then 20 hours.Many of the old systems/idems, such as character specific uniques, gold medallions, attributes, and the omega system, have been nutered to the point they are all but worthless. The good news is it takes far less time to fully gear a character, but it also means once geared there is little to do except switch to a new character and run through stroy mode again.Now however there are manditory stroy checkpoints so you have to do every mission with every character to progress. Which is even more tedious and boaring then it sounds."
76561198049326146,Not Recommended,226320,29533487,Posted: 27 January,all,BlackOpsBob,"Was fun as a hobby game over the past 2 years playing on and off.  I can see Hardcore gamers wanting something new and perhpas thats why the remade the game in January 2017 into something completely different.  I didnt even get to fully explore the old version (end game and epic zones) So once again as a casual player for MMOs, lose out unless you power game through to see and do everything.  Some are finding the all new Marvel fun but when I login now I just dont have any interest in playing for na hour or two like I did."
,Not Recommended,226320,30126632,Posted: 23 February,all,Gimme More,just don't... this game is so broken that each update is 5+ GB.
76561198168571443,Not Recommended,226320,30145277,Posted: 24 February,all,frostfire811,"This game use to be great,it use to be so much fun,it use to be awesome...note,the keywords here are ""use to be"" ....I use tolove this game so much I played it every single day...however the new updates,or ""biggest update"" whatever they called it,absolutely destroyed the game...they removed almost everything and rendered all the well geared heroes/characters weak and useless,and basically you will need to farm all the new items that they introduce to re-gear your heroes,and I higly doubt that they gave any free items or free exchange from old items to new items...maybe for a new player its nothing,but for someone who has spent thousands upon thousands of hours on this game and have everything they worked so hard for,all the gears,points etc taken away from them and forced to re-farm everything again just because the developers think its better for the game,I don't think that's the right thing to do at all....So I say this,don't even bother to install this game,there are many better games out there,go try out other games,this game is not worth your time"
76561198128131944,Not Recommended,226320,29532032,Posted: 27 January,all,pepineckf,"What used to be a fast paced, fun game has become clunky and slow. Movement powers and damage have been reduced to the point of a complete change of feel to the game. Massive changes to skill trees and character attributes require the long time player to invest considerable resources to re-optimize their characters, and some characters have changed so dramatically that former favorites are so different that they are no longer fun and interesting to play.I have not completely given up on this game yet, and hope to find fun in it again if/when more content is released and powers are adjusted to bring back some of the old feel and pace at least. However, at this time I cannot recommend this once great game."
76561198071681806,Not Recommended,226320,29465995,Posted: 24 January,all,[Ez] Tompos,"What's supposed to be the biggest update ever, turned the game into the same boring♥♥♥♥♥♥as way back in alpha (anyone remembers that?)R.I.P. Marvel Heroes, you'll be missed!"
,Not Recommended,226320,29423790,Posted: 22 January,all,KTM Panda (withyouforyou),"The newest update honestly ruined the game. They have no plans to add new end-game content and it has been stale for over a year now. It's pretty sad that they don't care about the longevity of the game, they're just looking to tap into the console market to bring in new players due to the players who have kept them afloat leaving the game due to their inexperience, lack of understanding, inability to furnish new content and clear melarky. The new content absolutely neutered every single character in the game and it added NO NEW GEAR. There's no way to alleviate it. So now you have a roster full of wet noodles and paper bags that die instantly. They nerfed movement speed. They changed the omega system (akin to paragon) and made it into infinity, which in theory is great, but it takes so long to level now and there are SIX tabs, and it cycles through them each level. You need twenty five points for a stat - so every 150 levels you'll get +1 to each stat, JOY! (That's a whopping 8% base damage increase) The levels get to the point of taking so long that you'd rather claw your own eyes out. Will not recommend. Game is totally garbage now - avoid at all costs. The balance of the heroes is also completely out of whack. Some do three times the damage of others in half the gear while also being three times as durable. Wot?"
76561197962476209,Not Recommended,226320,29682903,Posted: 3 February,all,mr_methane,Thanks to the new update and uninstalling I now have an extra 30 gig space on my C drive.Thanks8-)I don't like the new update
,Not Recommended,226320,29690477,Posted: 4 February,all,Anthony,"Used to be good until the developers released ""The biggest update ever""."
76561198040646513,Not Recommended,226320,29452292,Posted: 23 January,all,Beyond,"The most dubious, arrogant and incompetent developer team since i started playing computer games (1990). If you don't kiss their a$$ they ban you in forums (rly for nothing), They behave as if they had not the slightest clue about customer relations. I left the game almost 2 years ago since i had enough of the arrogance and brought maybe 5-6 other ppl with me out of the game too. Only the clueless ones stayed who liked being lied too, LOL. PvP beta 3 years - LOL. One promise after another broken. The dumb ones said easy easy, it will be then and then... lol so many idiots ;). Now they got what they deserved from this most dubious organisation that calls themselves game developers.Fact is, this dubious company lies and lies and lies. I would never ever touch anything again from them.Did i mention that they also have not the slightest clue about game design?"
76561198176703331,Not Recommended,226320,29954054,Posted: 15 February,all,thekrakenhobo,"Hello.. I Do Not enjoy Marvel Heroes since the biggest update ever. I did try. The biggest disappointments for me are as listed:1. Movement Changes such as teleport / dash / travel powers are now SLOWED and LIMITED. This has slowed the game to a snail's pace compared to the game prior to the recent patch.2. Omega System was more interesting and engaging than the LIMITED Infinity System. Omega points could be precisely used where the infinity system has a forced distribution for less impact. Also missing are interesting additions like the stark drone ally from the Stark Omega Tree.3. The Power Bar or Hot Bar has been LIMITED to one row. Prior to the game patch there were three available. This change has limited the number of powers you can use at any one time.4. Character Damage and Durability has been LIMITED.5. The free in game currency is being LIMITED..removal of item to credit chest exchange..removing eternity sparks from story mode .There are other reasons.. but these are the ones that i believe are making the game not fun for me.All the effort and time put into the game.. grinding for gear, artifacts, and the like has now been washed away because most of your items are not good anymore..either grind for new ones or reroll...but this time it will take longer.. with less credits... less power.. and finally less fun.Prior to the update this game had the option to be easy or challenging depending on your preference. For example, if you didn't want to have unlimited movement.. you didn't have to use it. If you wanted boss fights to last longer.. you could remove artifacts and gear or change attributes to do less damage. If you wanted less complicated ...all the mechanics were in place to have that.Those options are gone and so is the fun for me."
,Not Recommended,226320,29428043,Posted: 22 January,all,Argeon,2 out of the 100 most helpful reviews in the last 3 months are positive and the rest are negative. The game has changed for sure and it's more mobile game now than pc game with less mobility and more tap-tap-tapping. Explains the hate.
76561198101138073,Not Recommended,226320,29436145,Posted: 22 January,all,shinigami82,"I played this game daily barring a few days at most for three years. I played a bit of the beta, and then played through their rough launch. I put in money because I truly felt like this was a great game with a great team behind it, I would have recommended it to anyone looking for a game to play.That is no longer the case, I would not recommend this game to anyone. The game has been revamped from top to bottom, and not a single change has been for the better. I've never seen a game so catastrophicly implode as I have this game. I didn't play Star Wars Galaxies, but everyone knows the story of the NGE and how it killed that game. This is right there with the NGE. I truly hope the developers do not end up joining any companies of games I currently play as they destroyed a solid game."
76561197964767231,Not Recommended,226320,29401993,Posted: 21 January,all,agnt,"This is one of the moments when you see a game you loved to play is advertised with ""Biggest patch ever""You download the patch and the game is nothing what it used to be. It is no longer Marvel Heroes, it is Nerfed HeroesSure the game had its flaws in balance but nerfing everything and make the game slow and stale isnt really appealing. Sure by now you would think they also made loot to drop 5 times higher qualities as TTK went up 500%.... they didnt.Instead of old difficulties where normal/hard were entry levels and cosmic was ""endgame"", it now really has 3 difficulties. ""You oneshot everything(Normal)"", ""You one or twoshot everything(Hard)"" and ""Everything oneshots you(Cosmic)""Overall this feels like SWG and CU/NGE all over again. Implement a whole new mechanics that nobody really wanted and then blaime the community for hating those changes.The best part is that now you only get one skillbar with 8 slots. First i was thinking why the heck they would make this change. Then i realized that console controller only has 8 buttons.....TL:DR This ""Biggest patch ever"" was made to consolize the game and totally screwing the current playerbase on PC."
76561197963292879,Not Recommended,226320,29406680,Posted: 21 January,all,prevail,"Oh how the mighty has fallen...What was once a fast paced, fun ARPG is now a clunky, clumsy, slow paced shell of its former self.The game's depth, which once used to be cranked up to 11, has now been dialed back to about a 3.  Movement has been homoginized across every hero, which leaves heroes known for their movement feeling awkward and weak.  The pace of the game is glacially slow now.  The time:reward ratio is WAYYY off.New content hasn't been released for the game in a VERY long time.  And now that the current developers feel it somehow necessary to reboot just about every aspect of the game, it feels like new content will be at least a year away while they fix the garbage that they just released.Once the previous developers all left the game that was pretty much the death sentence for Marvel Heroes.It is clear that the latest patch is ramping the game towards a console release cash grab that will no doubt fail miserably.I wouldn't recommend this game at all.  It has no future."
,Not Recommended,226320,29659138,Posted: 2 February,all,•̪̀●MyLittlePwny•,"I held off for as long as I could, the Biggest Update Ever felt like a nerf to the game but it was tolerable and there was ""hope"" the game would be further improved as this was like wiping the slate clean.However, after todays patch where the stealthly nerfed the loot drops without informing the players and we only found out about it from numerous complaints I cannot recommend this game as it seems to be going down an awful path.I mean for starters it's a loot based ARPG, except the majority of loot you get is trash and unusable, now that's been nerfed even more it means all there is, is just painful mind numbingly boring grind. You don't even feel like a Hero anymore, it's more like Marvel Zeroes 2017 than Heroes....Secondly this shady nerf to the loot, they likely wouldn't admitted anything had there not been enough people complaining whic forced them to speak out about it. That's not something I can get behind, I hate shady♥♥♥♥♥♥and Gazillion just became Shady.Basically it seems like the new Dev team since Brevik left and the majority of old devs left, wants to un do all the work from the previous few years improvements and take the game back to a place where it wasn't doing very good in amount of players because the game flat out sucked.We once had heroic/superheroic, it got removed, now it's backWe once had seperate boss specific loot, it got changed to universal loot tables, now it's backWe once had no Omega, we got Omega which was fun, now we have Infinity, which will take an infinity to grind it's that slow.None of this♥♥♥♥♥♥worked 3 years ago, ♥♥♥♥ knows why the devs think it's going to work now and that's not even mentioning the devs are trying to poorly clone Diablo 3 with these new updates.If you want to play Diablo 3, then get Diablo 3, it's a much better game than MH in its current state"
,Not Recommended,226320,29728148,Posted: 5 February,all,fubitz,Well since they deleted and banned me for my well thought out post on the forums. I'm just going to not recommend this game at all ever especially when it comes out on consoles.
,Not Recommended,226320,30014980,Posted: 18 February,all,[ЯтR] Msgt. Friend-or-Pho,Not at all crazy about the recent changes to character leveling.
,Not Recommended,226320,29861170,Posted: 11 February,all,David,"With the ""Biggest Update Ever"" Marvel Heroes has quickly become a pay-for-sanity type of game. Progression is at a FRACTION of the speed it used to be. I don't understand this change, at all.The vast majority of Heroes have been gutted in terms of complexity and flexibility. We went from three skill trees to two, and typically there is only one viable way to play a Hero at end-game. They TRIED to make each hero have multiple unique playstyles, but failed pretty hardcore.They ban people that disagree with their opinions (including constructive critcism), so I don't see how they could ever get feedback to change this stuff.It used to be a pretty good game that was fair to free players. Now it is the complete opposite. Whales will be loving all their boosts they buy with hundreds of dollars, though. I suppose they did what they intended to do... make the game more accessable to people that have zero experience in the genre while simultaneously making more money due to the complete thrashing of the free gains of progression.I'll come back in a couple years if they ever fix what they've done. Doubtful they will, though."
76561198014493570,Not Recommended,226320,29436469,Posted: 22 January,all,onikuma,"Man, hindsight is 20/20 right? I wish I could take back the cash I dumped on this game, it's not the game I started playing any longer. Horrible developer choices have severely limited character customization and playability, destroyed the ability of characters to quickly get from point A to point B, nerfed damage across the board, made trivial fights take 10 times longer than they should and just made the game less fun overall. No idea what they were thinking; if you want to waste an evening trying the game knock yourself out but I would strongly reconsider making a financial investment in this one."
76561198079021195,Not Recommended,226320,29400486,Posted: 21 January,all,Crazyoda,"Dear Marvel Heroes,It was a really great run and we had a lot of fun, but i think it is time for us to go our separate ways.It's not me...it's you.(for those of us who did not see an end to our Marvel Heroes addiction this could be a good thing. No problem hitting the uninstall button now.)"
76561198049127068,Not Recommended,226320,30004427,Posted: 18 February,all,JC,"Due to recent game update regarding movement power nerf, absolutely not recommend."
,Not Recommended,226320,29723086,Posted: 5 February,all,King Dong,"So many poor choices with this update.  Uninstalled and will wait for them to repair their changes before I play again.  Probably won't come back once I realize there are other games and get into those.Don't download, don't waste your time.  Move on to another game."
,Not Recommended,226320,29408525,Posted: 21 January,all,The LOVES Series,"I actually have close to 1700 hours logged on this game (had the standalone version before coming to Steam), and it has gotten progressively WORSE. This latest patch completely undermined everything players logged on for.Characters are super slow and travel powers have a wind up. Bosses now have more HP. Gaz claims it's to make the game more challenging, but all it does is delay what the game was made for: grinding. Instead of taking a minute (or less if characters are really good), you're looking at FIVE minutes for one boss. So we're running the same content over and over and over again like we're supposed to, but now at a MUCH SLOWER RATE when you combine slow speed, delayed travel, and higher boss HP. It turned grinding into torture. Nothing about it is rewarding.On top of that, all characters practically had a reset button pushed on them, so all the grinding for items and builds that people spent countless hours on is out the window. Once powerful characters are now severely nerfed into the ground. People did not spend all their time and money to have it thrown away with some misguided, selfish ""vision"" the developers had.Gazillion Entertainment (the developers) try to pretend like the player base has a say in the future of the game, but it doesn't. No one asked for this terrible patch. Many people pleaded for Gaz NOT to implement these changes, and they ignored it all. Now you reap what you sow, Gaz."
76561198048586238,Not Recommended,226320,29462236,Posted: 24 January,all,superfunkibey,The new update turned this game into a clone war.  No more skill points cause all skills are automatically maxed out yet only 8 can be chosen?  Cookie cutter galore.Done with this game.
,Not Recommended,226320,29439199,Posted: 23 January,all,VirtualCat AnJet,"THE BIGGEST UPDATE EVER, TO RUIN THE GAMEPLAY INTO THE GROUND!Bye bye marvel heroes, you were a great game."
,Not Recommended,226320,29431544,Posted: 22 January,all,nathanddrews,"I have nearly 2,000 hours into this game since late 2014. I am by no means the most experienced player or have the most invested, but I have a fair amount of experience with it. I have all heroes, all level 60, all very well geared, so this negative view of the changes is not something I take lightly. The most recent update changed the game so significantly that I have to now give it a negative rating and not recommend it. They have made the money off me that they wanted in all that time, but I may be done. If they update the game at a future date and reconsider the changes (for the worse) that they made, I will reevalute my opinion at that time.Such a shame.UPDATE March 25, 2017: I have been logging in periodically to keep on top of updates and changes. Looks like they have finally made significant strides in improving summoner builds, but that is a symptom of the overall mobility and damage changes they made before. They broke the game only to patch it more. I hope that the dramatic loss of players is pressuring them to revert to something closer to its pre-BUE state.http://steamcharts.com/app/226320#All"
,Not Recommended,226320,29495171,Posted: 25 January,all,MajicalEvil,The new update ruined the game for vets. No longer any fun and is much slower than before. More of a waste of time than before.
,Not Recommended,226320,29491203,Posted: 25 January,all,Blacknova,"I have over 1K hours in this game and have loved every moment of it up until recently. The last update ruined this game for me. It's as slowly paced as any other ARPG and the grinding will take WEEKS yes, WEEKS not to really get any points in the end game system. Not to mention all of the other changes that have been made. Gazillion completely ignored the communities input on the changes and it feels like they went through anyhow just to make this ready for a console port and to force  you spend more money on ingame boosts. This is a slap to the face of all of us whom have been here since beta."
,Not Recommended,226320,29410990,Posted: 21 January,all,Kakarot,Biggest update ever is actually biggest failure ever
,Not Recommended,226320,29710071,Posted: 4 February,all,Zanriel,"This game had potential. I played it when it first came out, and there was a lot about it I liked. It's basically Diablo but with superheroes, which is a really cool concept.I wrote a review a while back and in it, my main complaint was the overwhelming amount of baubles, shards, cards, boosts, and random event loots that would constantly clutter your limited inventory. A good 30% of the game is spent managing the loot chute constantly coming your way, and I don't just mean gear. Gear is cool. Even gems (or enhancements you can slot into gear) are cool. But every time logging in it was like opening a closet so full only the door keeps it from spilling out into the room.Now though, the developers have released an update that severely dumbed down the game and nerfed, normalized or undid a lot of perks people spent weeks unlocking. I spent some money on this game unlocking a few heroes but now I, along with many other players, feel betrayed. I can't support that kind of behavior so I've uninstalled and I'm releasing a new review expressing my disapproval. It appears the developers are leaving the PC crowd behind, which based on recent industry trends is a pretty boneheaded move."
76561198029819823,Not Recommended,226320,29415563,Posted: 21 January,all,dominicgetdown,"Over 2400 hours on this game.  The new update has worsened the game and I've now uninstalled it.First, the hero updates have not been reviewed enough.  A few of my heroes, and my main (Spider-Man) have been ruined.  I loved my spider-man and played him from the start of this game at launch.  The new system takes away so much of his effectiveness in battle compared to before that he is no longer fun to play.The story mode changes are making it much more linear.  They are fun and interesting the first time though, but are stale and boring after that.  I always thought they story mode changes they would make would make story mode a alternative to the grinding modes they have, but they went the opposite direction of what I thought.Since they have ruined some of the heroes I play, I would now need to invest a large chunk of time to find out which new heroes I would like to play.  Meaning I have to go through each hero and test out the 1-3 possible builds they have and see if I like them.  That means testing some 50+ heroes.  I already did that in the past game and don't have that type of time anymore.  After then figuring out which heroes I like, I would need to redo all their items as they changed a lot of artifacts, made uniques suck again, made some runewords suck, etc...It is kind of sad, but I prefer the talent/skill system of Diablo 3 now more than compared to this game and I hate Diablo 3's talent/skill system.Also, the omega node system they had before was very interesting.  Instead of drastically changing it to the very boring and dumbed down version of this now infinity system.  They could have just altered specific nodes in the old system to increase the amount of playstlles.  They actually decreased playstyles now with the new infinity system, something you don't want to do in an ARPG.  I know the reason why they went to the infinity system is to reduce the labor resources used to create new nodes and balancing in the old omega system.  Now, the infinity system is stuck as it is and has no where to go, when the omega system was only about 60-70% done and they could have added in some really cool stuff with it.I know people think this new talent/skill system adds more playstyles, but it really does not.  All they did was removed affixes to skills and put them onto a system in which you ""activate"" those affixes now, but you have to determine which affix you want most.  I don't want to go into explaining it as it would take a while, but this new system does not add extra playstyles to these heroes.  Most heroes are still stuck in choosing a melee, ranged, or movement build.  Though, a hero that is all melee, you get too choose between regular damage or bleed damage.Some heroes did get new skills.  Lucky for the few heroes that did and lucky for the few people who play those heroes that no one played before.Overall, this change was not needed and actually worsened more heroes than it helped.  It also worsened the story mode.  I uninstalled this game and had high hopes for it.  This game though, after David Brevik  and other key developers at the start of the game leaving, has caused it to go in the wrong direction.Lastly, this is sad that they spent the entire last year developing this update and this is the best they can do.  We were promised by these developers in the past that updates would add conent such as:- new story elements (the last part of the story ch. 10 was not on par or even close too the ch. 9 asgard update)- story mode could be used to grind instead of the grinding zones- new one shots to add interesting side stories (none have been added since Brevik left)- New Raids (again, none added since Brevik left)- update to x-defense and holo-sim challenges (has this even been worked on, ever?)- updates to make midtown and industry city more random and changing instead of the same stale boring thing we see every day.  They only change midtown since its launch by adding in 3 extra parts of the map that spawn no enemies.  Really, you added empty builldings that do nothing?They have not delivered on anything they have promised, but instead did this update which fixes only a few things.  Those few things are skill updates to certain heroes that needed them.  All they needed to do, instead of rolling out new skill changes for everyone was to fix the heroes that needed changes.Also, they spent time changing the name and inventory visual for costume cores( items you attached to costumes in the past to improve your stats).  Why did they waste resources doing this?  All they had to do was remove the ""costume"" word from the title of these cores and they were pefect for what they did (making these cores a standalone slot item).  They did other little things as well that they wasted time on that did not need changes instead of fixing the core issues. I believe they think they can grab a slew of new players who have never played before by saying ""Biggest Update Ever"" and new players won't realize all of the stuff they still have not fixed.Recommendation: Do not install if you are a new player, the best days of this game are behind it.If you are a current player, I recommend you uninstall."
76561198032004034,Not Recommended,226320,29406436,Posted: 21 January,all,Hayzemet,"I did not have thousand of hours spent on this game. I was not a veteran. But let me tell you something, even for me, the infinity system, the change to the movement abilities, the reduction of the action bars (now you can only have 8 active skills instead of -all of them- like I used to have with my deadpool) and the change on some items and unique items (for my deadpool) it just seems they wanted to dumbify the game. And make it less fun.I agree with some things.  Maybe infinite teleporting was broken, but the range nerf was huge and imo not needed. Maybe the omega system was complicated, but for me as a new player it seemed much more fun.Maybe my deadpool was immortal and needed some nerfs, but now im left with a seemengly useless build and survivability because:1) They limited my skill use, formerly I used all (all) of my skills by the means of 3 different skill bars, I loved the range versatility in it, and the feeling of using all my skills.2) My items where changed and they swaped skill point bonuses with ♥♥♥♥ing less ""awesome"" cost on my skills, before this♥♥♥♥♥♥stat items did existed, but omg, after trying to avoid them the rework ♥♥♥♥s me right back. And other changes that nerfed my deadpool ""lifesteal"" aswell3) Changes in stats out of ♥♥♥♥ing nowhere.For me as a new player, who was saving some money to get a stash tab and new heroes, this seemed like a good time to reconsider my investment. I cannot imagine how veterans feel about this. I do hope that a middleground is found, but for now, I really dont have much motivation to play, and I was really excited to come back."
76561198044942922,Not Recommended,226320,29439688,Posted: 23 January,all,SirMadPig,"Most disappointed update ever. Every hero feels out of point; everything got nerf to the core just to make old content to be more ""challenging"" meanwhile they could have done better by adding new contents. P.S Receive a permanent banned for giving out objections and ideas."
76561198155823558,Not Recommended,226320,30094864,Posted: 22 February,all,Zubawanga,"i might as well join in the riot. yeah, they call it the biggest update ever. i'll call it the worst screw up ever. 2 letter to describe the state of this game now.. GG.i wonder how long will they take to fix this colossal screw up."
,Not Recommended,226320,29458889,Posted: 24 January,all,UPlay,"I still preferred the previous style of gameplay of Marvel Heroes. That's where when people are happy, they will be happily to spend it as well. A little bit of change i don't mind, but this time i felt it's alot.. So too bad.Always keep in mind, LISTEN TO YOUR PEOPLE who are your biggest supporters! Not about the biggest update. Lol.-Peace-"
76561198074675516,Not Recommended,226320,29406172,Posted: 21 January,all,Valmar,"Well the recent news require a review, it seems, just for the sake of it. So here we go.Marvel Heroeswasa fun and good game. It was not an AAA gem, it was not the best game ever, but it was a good mix, with some ARPG elements and some MMO ideas. It was somehow easy, but it worked and did its job perfectly. It had awesome reviews (like 80-85% positive), and there was a huge community supporting it. It was a game with a f2p model based on microtransactions working well, with very frequent updates, many additions to the game since the beta years ago, constantly evolving with new heroes, places, etc. Well itwasa lot of fun. Even if I don't play it since many months ago, it's still my third most played game on steam, which is at least shocking. So what happened?Maybe you don't know David Brevik, he was one of the minds around the successful Diablo 2 and worked with Gavilion to make Marvel Heroes good from the start.He left the team, and now the developers decided to change absolutely all the mechanics, removing hotkeys, changing all heroes movement to be the same, and many other vital things..and you know what? It is not for improving the game... it is just because of a console port!If you look at the recent reviews, now they are like 30% positive, for a game that was 85% before!The community massively told the developers to stop and don't make this patch, but they didn't care I guess. They ignored the players and went for it.In spite of keep improving their already successful game, they destroyed it with a complete redesign to accommodate consoles. So they got now what they deserve.This is just another example of a ruined game by a company with a very, very, very dumb and unprofessional move. Sadly a common trend today."
,Not Recommended,226320,30150553,Posted: 24 February,all,undeadtexan,After the BUE things have not been going well for this game.
76561198102049112,Not Recommended,226320,29563364,Posted: 29 January,all,♥♥♥,Bugfest Update Ever/10
76561198048063004,Not Recommended,226320,29660332,Posted: 2 February,all,MikeEth,"I've never reviewed anything but I have to chime in on this one. I used to love playing this game. ""The Biggest Update Ever"" changed way too many things, and way too drastically. I started playing back in 2015, and now as of today the game feels totally unplayable. I'll find another way to bide my time hoping for the ""Biggest Revert Ever"". As of now I just can't bring myself to log in anymore. Gaz really f**ked this one up."
76561197992913271,Not Recommended,226320,29420340,Posted: 22 January,all,Folv,"TL;D(want to)R - This game released a MASSIVE overhaul patch that neutered pre-existing content, over simplified character customization thus limiting character builds, dumbed down their entire approach to the games core mechanics, and absolutely butchered the skill trees which, in my opinion, use to actually be fairly decent at offering at least some customization options. This game never did me any favors in terms of feeling that any new content being released aside from new heroes and villains was substantial. But this game was simply still just a fun way to kill some time and roleplay as your favorite Marvel icons which made it easy to overlook the limitations. But now for them to make such a large and terrible change without really offering any substantial new content is a double jeopardy and just reeks of laziness and foolishness on the parts of the developers who have chosen to completely ignore and/or disregard the vast majority of those who tested these changes beforehand and expressed their disdain for the upcoming patch. I honestly feel bad for those who missed out on this game beforehand because this ship has sailed. It is now devolving into a tightly packed and neatly packaged console game that no longer maintains any of the charm that this title use to have.------------------------------------------------------------------------------Before this particular update, this was my go-to casual play game. I am not saying that it was by any means perfect, but it was a solid ARPG that allowed me to play as MANY different Marvel icons, and it did so in such a way that made building your character feel at least a little bit unique and entertaining. But this update... OHHHH this update... it took the game back about 5 steps.Imagine reverting Diablo 2 back to Diablo 1, or Torchlight 2 to Torchlight 1, or Red Dead Redemption back to Red Dead Revolver... (hopefully at least one of these examples works for you). What I mean by this is that the game had a certain (very mild) complexity to it that was intriguing and it was replaced by something all together inferior; lacking any of the depth or creativity of the original content. There use to be the Omega system which utilized points that you earned after hitting max level that continued you build up as you gained experience or as you leveled up other characters. There were many options offered with the Omega system, albeit some were a bit unbalanced in some regards, but there were options nonetheless. This update completely neutered it and replaced it with these six or seven five-point trees that you dump your points into in a very generic fashion. This is a DOWNGRADE. It's like being in highschool and the ciriculum decides to drop back 8 levels and you now being taught to spell words like ""train"" all over again. This new point system is dumbed down to a near pathetic level and it is an insult to it's loyal fanbase. If that were not bad enough, this game (just before this patch was released) offered THREE skill tree's per hero, as well as multiple quick-bar slots to organize your moves into. They now have done away with one of those three trees, and replaced it with a very cookie-cutter ""traits"" like tree that governs the strength of various moves AND they have limited you to 8 skills total (they removed the ability to change quickbar slots). All of these changes have LIMITED gameplay, not expanded upon it. Which brings me to my next point...Marvel Heroes releases nearly no new content throughout the year, that is aside from a good number of heroes/villains (to be fair). We are running the same raids, the same missions, and the same community patrol areas that we have for the last 3 years. They only just recently finally added a new patrol, and IMHO it really isn't that great. The actual end game content is severly lacking, and it is becoming more and more clear that their intention is to release as little content as possible while still recyling old content for as long as they can get away with it. And that use to be forgivable before this patch because the game was still genuinely a blast to play and even with the tedious grind of repeating uninteresting areas there was still a charm to the game; no longer."
76561197966162893,Not Recommended,226320,29454204,Posted: 23 January,all,n0b0dy!mp0rt@nt,"Cannot recommend in its current state. I wont go into full detail because honestly, it doesnt really matter at this point. The developers are staunch about their new design philosophy and ignore player feedback unless it completely supports thier goals."
76561198039217502,Not Recommended,226320,29470689,Posted: 24 January,all,YoloMaster64,This game ♥♥♥♥ed me over ... I have over 30 hrs on this game .. wen i came back for it all my progress was gone. Contacted the guy over marvel couldnt do♥♥♥♥♥♥about it ... Thx i even pay to have storage ... never gonna did this again with you Marvel Heroes
76561198008229984,Not Recommended,226320,29435412,Posted: 22 January,all,Celegar,I have been playing this game since open beta.  I have recorded 2520 hours not including the hours and hours I have played outside of steam.  I was a founders pack purchaser the pack that included specialty costumes such as the Hulk Maestro costume.  I was not satisfied unless I did my dailys at least once a day.  I loved this game.  Now I can not stand it.  I am angry and sad at the same time.  They have taken a game that seemed to flow and get better between each up date and with each hero addition to a game I don't even recognize.  I have seen many posts that have detailed the destruction of the game play thus I don't see a need to reiterate.  I will only say that this game a game I never thought I would do this to now on the short list for being removed from my computer.  If the current reviews detailing the state of the game and the great dislike that it has created are not heeded by the developers this game is destined for the ash heep of games I once played and once enjoyed.
76561198114151856,Not Recommended,226320,29434771,Posted: 22 January,all,tattooed_vinny,"Having played this game for over 2 years, and really enjoyed it, for the last 3 days, I have tried to play it and it is just horrible.  Every character feels the same, the nerf makes me feel like I am plaing with Kick♥♥♥♥♥and not A List super heroes.  Apparently this is just the begining and if that is so, I really don't look forward to what is to come.  I hope all these changes to make this more console friendly back fires, and it flops when released.  You have a dedicated fan base that has stood with you over the last 3 years, and this is how you repay them.  Complete garbage."
,Not Recommended,226320,29412099,Posted: 21 January,all,アミダ,After all the hard work they did to improve they just decied to take a running leap backwards.
76561198095290483,Not Recommended,226320,29489850,Posted: 25 January,all,rhonda301,Ive been playing this Since 2012 and Liked it before but now  I do NOTTTTT  because they took a Golden Game and make it♥♥♥♥♥♥(:( Whoever thought downsizing specs and  game content Should be terminated  theyu took a game which shoukd if been platnuim and make it like cow manuere :(  Who makes  a cool time 5  minutes than 30 seconds ?????  SOOO not happy and Wont be playing this ANNYMORE :(:(: Soo MAd just lost a good playerf
76561198041803532,Not Recommended,226320,29439875,Posted: 23 January,all,Dontess,Was great now with the 2.0 update a pice of crap your cooldowns now have cooldowns... if you want to get around faster youll have wait a 2 seconds befor you can move after pressing the button... who thought this would be a good idea an id10t did thats who... i mean realy how do you f**K up this bad 800+ hours and now this game is dead to me... not fun stay away stay far away...1/27/17O and banning someone who was calling a dev on his bull of BANNING people who are upset at what is going on is a Di*ck Move... Devs have gone full retard stay away stay far away...
,Not Recommended,226320,29400047,Posted: 21 January,all,Press C to crouch.jpg,New update Ruined the game
76561198004486045,Not Recommended,226320,29460140,Posted: 24 January,all,Wendle27,I will have to agree with the rest of the masses...they destroyed this game. It was fun at one point but now the complete rewrite of alot of toons...removing of stuff that made them fun and entertaining to play is now but smoke. Imo its not worth playing anymore.
76561198040641230,Not Recommended,226320,29401639,Posted: 21 January,all,Rune_Thor,"After thousands of hours and $ spent i can no longer support this. To be fair game died a year ago. They promised more content and quality and what we got was less content and nerfs.Developer has no idea what they are doing. Limiting movement and adding more limits and nerfing powers.Don't invest money!Game needs new content NOT revamps of old content. Have you ever wondered why they renamed the game originally...well because it was getting ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews.Not recomended!If any dev is reading this:-Revert movement changes-remove invisible walls-add more quests, new areas and story lines. You have the comic universe in your palm and all you managed to do with it was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story that can be finished in less than 1 hour?SHAME SHAME SHAME!!!!!!DO NOT SUPPORT THIS KIND OF DEVELOPER!!!Update: someone started a thread on the forums saying we should review our negative reviews, to him i say NOT A FREAKING CHANCE.As it stands only one word can describe this game. COVFEFE...doesn't get worse than that..."
76561198028036291,Not Recommended,226320,29427343,Posted: 22 January,all,Mudbutt,Well guys... I hate to say this.... but.... Star Wars Galaxies all over again.
,Not Recommended,226320,29421673,Posted: 22 January,all,valkhry017™,"the dev decided to make the game sloooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww af. it's not fast paced anymore,, really dissapointed. FIX THIS S**T GAZ !!!!!!!! biggest update my a** ...."
76561197990812479,Not Recommended,226320,29423607,Posted: 22 January,all,BobVanNinja,"This friday Gazillion Entertainment ruined Marvel Heroes for me. A game in which i invested money and over 500 hours of my time.The update did not deliver what it promised, instead of streamlining the game and removing the clutter it took away a huge amount of choice and substance.It is less in everyway, removed style, play choices and leaving only a malnourished husk of it former self.Oh it is easier, it is open for casual gamer but it is a slap in the face for most old players of this game.It´s a cash grab, because Gazillion Entertainment wants to make money, but this move is a dilettante one because it alienates a lot of current gamer who now write angry reviews.This will not attract new customers and the delivery over the weekend and friday itself was horrible, just badly planned.I´scared now for this game i liked alot, because i can´t see any kind of future for me in it, there is no path from here which will make the game simular enjoyable as before the patch.The infinity system is just awful, yes the omega system hat too many options, it could have done with the reduction of at least a quarter of it, but this is just not enough to develop different playstiles.It is bland, it doesn´t offer much of a choice to have something unique.The Ability System i don`t mind that much, but the decision to bring in this update without the new omega rarity, which would bring some new features for much need choice, is also a mistake.Gazillion Entertainment dumbed down the game it seems to attract new players and remove the complexity so it can, to some degree, keep the game running with less people on it so it will have more earnings and investing in marketing to keep the old players quiet.Which didn´t work because the whole execution of this BIGGEST UPDATE EVER was done horribly with the bugs, wrong attribute stats on uniques  server downs and log in issues.And because i don´t see any future for me in the game and i like a lot of others feel punished and pushed away because of simple greed.I don`t judge anyone who truly likes this new version, different people and different tastes.I don`t minde change, change is good as long it is part of progress, this is a step back, it is the lost of character and choice, it is just less then before because options are great.So now i am stuck with over 2000 g which i can`t spend because there is no content for me in this game and i can`t get my money back.They promised me a grand meal and all i got was brandless microwaved white beans with next to flavorless sauce.I will wait for the appearance of the omega rarity to see what it will bring before i make the decision to deinstall the game and cut my losses, but i can`t hardly see any future for me in this game because the people who made this horribly decisions are the same one who working on this.And i don`t see any kind of learning curve with those people when this was there BUGGEST UPDATE EVER."
,Not Recommended,226320,29576949,Posted: 29 January,all,dsauce93,Stop ruining our ****ing games. Any positive review you see of this game after January is bought - ignore their pleas that the game evolved or changed and people are redudant to evolve with it. Money is all they want.
,Not Recommended,226320,29463529,Posted: 24 January,all,SlikeyTre,RIP Marvel Heroes
,Not Recommended,226320,29466531,Posted: 24 January,all,Ultimate,Terrible movement update. No longer can use travel power with right mouse button. The game mechanics don't suit my playing style anymore.
,Not Recommended,226320,29555926,Posted: 28 January,all,Darksaber,"I really enjoyed the speed of this game, it made it feel like a unique ARPG and something different besides just having the Marvel license. However the recent changes to the game have sucked out a lot of that speed, and beyond even that, the company is TERRIBLE at releasing content. Heroes are delayed months and are often terrible choices in the first place. I obviously enjoyed this game enough to play it for 300+ hours, but unless things change I won't be coming back."
,Not Recommended,226320,29514258,Posted: 26 January,all,BlankBot,Update Sucks
,Not Recommended,226320,29478868,Posted: 25 January,all,Sephiroth313,Trash........................
,Not Recommended,226320,29968354,Posted: 16 February,all,Hillwind,"PRO: I can now uninstall this and save some disk spaceCON: Too many to list hereTL:DR: Don't bother with this, the latest patch broke this once perfect mmo"
,Not Recommended,226320,30248677,Posted: 28 February,all,OurXhouR,"Whatever you do, stay as far away from this game as possibleIt's but a shadow of what it was years ago, they simplified everything while increasing the grind, Gaz only seems to be after your money, they have shown this over and over again.I deeply regret the amount of time and money I invested in this game.I'm out!"
76561198044338150,Not Recommended,226320,29447807,Posted: 23 January,all,TheBrain,"It's one of those things, happens to most games out there at a point, It use to be fun, familiar with enough new to keep you playing however quite simply the latest update... I'm not going to rant as I don't feel the game is worth wasting that much energy typing over...-----> I uninstalled this within 5 minutes after the 8.8GB updateDo not waste your time"
,Not Recommended,226320,30212412,Posted: 26 February,all,Lord Armageddon,After the new update the game is still illbalanced and with characters like OP'ed aka Hulk feeling like he is a glass cannon it shows this company still doesnt' know what to do and effectively make use of the marvel characters like they are in the comics...i had faith of their ingenuity but now i think they are falling flat and want to Microtransaction everyone into playing the game...I understand the prices but how about strengthen this game and the characters before you introduce new ones so people can feel like it is a worth buy than throwing money at characters that will eventually feel like they aren't like they show in the comics....
,Not Recommended,226320,29453616,Posted: 23 January,all,Princess Cellestia,"Console trash now, going back to Path of Exile.  Seriously, this patch just destroyed the game, read the other reviews for a more in depth analysis."
76561198034350985,Not Recommended,226320,30092705,Posted: 21 February,all,Squealer,"Played this game for like a month and a half before ""the biggest path ever"", it was fun...even spent money on this because everything was on specail and I could see myself play this for a while...then, wohh... I can't attack the targets I want anymore. Why is the spellbar not working properly anymore? This went from a realy good 9/10 game to a 2/10 game in one single patch... I feel like I got robbed. thx alot GAZ, Now I want my game back, or my money. wont play your games anymore"
76561197970685239,Not Recommended,226320,29746774,Posted: 6 February,all,Undepth,I was really looking forward to this update. Boy was I an idiot.
76561197997802023,Not Recommended,226320,29724508,Posted: 5 February,all,Early-morning Lotus,"Oops, you done goofed up."
76561197964250158,Not Recommended,226320,29930376,Posted: 14 February,all,Valmeer,Biggest Update Ever = Quickest Uninstall Ever
,Not Recommended,226320,29566226,Posted: 29 January,all,TheLegend27,"The game is full of bugs, some of the bugs are 100% game breaking stopping your progress, and usually there is nothing you can do, you just get stuck in some part of the story mode."
,Not Recommended,226320,29504350,Posted: 26 January,all,Holy,Worst update ever.
76561198052475355,Not Recommended,226320,29432816,Posted: 22 January,all,carry_too_much,"I have all the heroes at max level.  I have played for ages.  This new patch however...I no longer want to play.  The only response people like me get is ""if you don't like it leave"".  I don't want to leave!  But I refuse to play.  So NO, I do not recomend this game in it's current form.  I will however be watching from a distance in case things change later."
76561198093926059,Not Recommended,226320,29407205,Posted: 21 January,all,BLITZZILLA,"The 'BIGGEST UPDATE EVER' has hurt the game imo. Originally, it was a nice F2P MMORPG. However, as it stands we're looking at an unfinished product. The balance of the updates are going to come within the following months but it'll be riddled with bugs and large downloads (patches).The actualy gameplay has been slowed down for console port (rumors but still a legitimate assessment) and previous modes have been abandoned (ex: X-def, Holosim and Danger Room). Certain aspects of the game have been completely stripped even though they were works in progress. Therefore, you can expect this iteration to be stripped eventually as it seems to be a fundamental practice at Gazillion.Its free... try it. You be the judge. I have well over 2000 hours logged (keep in mind AFK are also accounted for) and this game has always entertained me, however, the current iteration is a big let down."
,Not Recommended,226320,29731300,Posted: 5 February,all,Maowlicious,revert the recent update please
76561197967530285,Not Recommended,226320,29660357,Posted: 2 February,all,Jesus,"I've been playing this game since closed beta, but I used the game launcher instead of steam, that's why the play time is only 7xx hours.The game had some great devs back in the days, but they all left one by one, and the game started to fall downhill.The game is in the process of ""re-make"" with a new team, the so-called ""biggest system update"" is just their first step to their ""re-make"" project.  This update is basically to simplify the skill systems, so they can make easy changes in the future.  Seriously the original systems were good enough, why would a game suddenly change the whole system?  And it feels like they are just copying from D3, not a good sign to the future of the game.Since this is no longer the game I used to play, I would NOT recommend this game, because this game has stopped pushing out new content since long time ago, but they do keep adding new heroes and in-game shop items (boosts, fortune cards etc...) for you to keep replaying the same thing over and over again.I had some good time with this game, spent some money on the skins and cards to support it, but I guess it's time to say goodbye.If you wanna kill some time and play your favourite hero, it's worth to give it a try, but the loot and rng in this game sucks.Btw, this game is falling into the p2w category ;)"
,Not Recommended,226320,29660168,Posted: 2 February,all,prinnyEXE,"this game has alot of ptential and is well made but, it has a huge pay wall eventualy you will run out of inventory space. then , what do you do? sell all the stuff for the old charater and never use them agin, NO. not hold on to any items u cant wear., well i got a levl 60 item but if i keep that now thats space perminatly filled up oly 30 more lvls...- the only worth wile con is the more charaters you have the less ivintory space u have.charaters/ivintory space (including your stash)1 charater  /more than youll ever need2 charaters  /just enough room3 charaters / hope one of them is max lvl, space is tight4 charaters /if none are lvl 60, you have no inintory space the game is unplayable6 charaters /where i am currently, why is this game still installed on my pci hope some day each charater unlock gets there own small stash so i can play aginim also not grinding 600 eternity splinters for an extra box when a charater costs around 400."
,Not Recommended,226320,29419992,Posted: 22 January,all,xreggiex,"after clocking in 4.1k hrs, i think its about time for me to review this game.before the update i truly enjoyed this game. david brevik and the former devs did a great job with it and it was truly a great ARPG. i enjoyed diablo 2 back in the day, played that game for years.this game was similar to d2 in many ways. the skill points and omega points system were some of the great features in this game.but now after the update, it doesn't feel right even after the initial hype that the change was going to be for the better. i'm sorry but right now after the patch the game is a letdown."
76561198197932055,Not Recommended,226320,29418063,Posted: 22 January,all,Crowley,"I've played this a fair bit more than I'd like to admit, even bought the odd hero because I didn't mind supporting a fun game. Had I known this update was where the game was going I doubt I would have done either.Forget the ""annoy me every few seconds for a few seconds"" delay added to the movement powers... removing 2/3rds of my skillslots and removing skillpoints (ie. all skill gradation/most build variation) would both be dealbreakers for me on their own. Together they inspired me to write a review for the first time in my life so congratz on that i guess?Anyhows I thought this game was a bit of mindless fun before... would never have thought the developers where sitting around going: ""you know what.. this ♥♥♥♥♥ too complicated.. we need to dumb it down some more...."" *sigh*In short latest update has improved the experience of this game similarly to say the way a swift kick in the nuts would... which might be preferable because at least it wouldn't come with a 8gig download and hopeful expectations. All hyperbole aside it really does, at best and with a stretch, feel like jumping back into an earlier game from a favourite series and having to get through that period of adjusment to the simpler gameplay mechanics of the earlier game. (I say it's a stretch because I never had to erase dark souls from my life in order to revisit daemon souls...)The reviews they self-posted on their steam page used to strike me as clearly cherry picked but not wildly inaccurate... a bit optimistic and inflated perhaps.. but nothing I (or I think most players) would have ticked ""strongly disagree"" to anyway. I re-read them after the update and sadly the best endorsement I could give them now is that they may appeal to anyone with an appreciation for excessive irony and that reading them may in all likelyhood offer a more entertaining experience than anything offered by the ""play now"" button.Hope the dev's have a corperate master/ focus group/ stroke to blame for this, because if this is an honest expression of their conceptual and creative talent then their expended effort just becomes tragic - (which as an observation made by an adult with 300+ hours on a superhero themed grind fest that he's bothering to review should grant it both a little weight and perhaps some substancial irony...)All of this is a shame because before I would have recomended this game as flawed but fun with one of the very few free to play models I've seen that wasn't pay to win in disguise and didn't horrendously distort progression or make you a second class citizen in game just because you didn't buy anything off them. Sadly even that aspect of it took a hit in the latest update so I really cant think of anything I like enough to stick around myself, let alone recomend it to someone else.Finally: To the devs and keeping in theme with your last update:a dumbed down version :  Your ideas are bad. Your game is bad. You should feel bad."""
76561198002565538,Not Recommended,226320,29400012,Posted: 21 January,all,Just Another guy,Went from fun to boring with 1 update
,Not Recommended,226320,29411404,Posted: 21 January,all,Vanzig,"They have Massively dumbed down this already simplistic game instead of adding any new content or programming boss fights to be anything but a joke.Now instead of having Optional ability to use more than 8 total buttons (many loved to use 9-12 via the hotkeys which were removed) everything is always console-simple.Everyone post-update is still forced into a cookie-cutter build in order to not be handicapped (you have no choice of what stats to use, everyone in game is forced to run +4% flat damage and +4% flat damage and nothing else matters.)Movement is now terrible and clunky. They lied and said it's to make boss fights good, but then the bad movement happens even when there are no bosses within a mile or you're inside of a TOWN. Month after month after month of alternatives which wouldn't be so bad were proposed by players, but the developers made the decision to ignore 100% of player feedback even BEFORE they put the patch up for pretend ""Testing"" by the players.Essentially, the few areas in this game that weren't simply worse than the much-more-popular free ARPG path of exile (that has ten times as many players) have been ruined by the ""Biggest Update"" that they neglected a year of content releases in order to dumb down the game.Nothing in the update makes creating a new level in unreal engine any easier for the developers, so it won't speed up their abysmal content creation whatsoever. It will do the exact opposite, they've wasted a year breaking the game this way, and the next year or two will have to be spent repairing what they didn't need to break in the first place. All that unnecessary time could have been spent creaitng new raids or harder dungeons, but now it's taken up by this bad series of patches."
76561198291721931,Not Recommended,226320,29405515,Posted: 21 January,all,marscaron,The movement changes killed it for me. Limited play time means I don't have time to do anything in game.
,Not Recommended,226320,29508271,Posted: 26 January,all,Locked,"Logs In / Logs OutWhile some users may enjoy the slowed down gameplay and simplified mechanic changes, I do not.I've played a few hours of this Game, had plenty of fun and enjoyment, but I have no intentions of continuing to support this Game / Company at this point, specifically with the direction the changes to the Game has taken."
76561198140935708,Not Recommended,226320,29426687,Posted: 22 January,all,Doc Mengueche,"Another case of greedy developers that doesn't listen to their playerbase, game used to be fun to play, now it is not, as simple as that."
76561198078842331,Not Recommended,226320,29431348,Posted: 22 January,all,dmbforever,"The biggest update of all time was not kind to this game.  I really enjoyed what Marvel Heroes had to offer (I think my playtime would suggest that) but this update feels like it ripped everything away that I had earned.  I thought that maybe it wouldn't matter if the udpate made the game fun in a whole new way but now the game only seems like a hollow shell of its former self.I hand it to the Gaz team to have the guts to go for an update like this, a risk of alienating old time players with the possible reward of bringing in many new.  However, the updates add no excitement and I have no urge whatsoever to re-gear characters that I have already spend 100's of hours on.  I play many MMO's so I can understand the philosophy of having to re-gear but that usually conincides with new content in which to embark on that mission.I will enjoy the time I spent on this game but I am not logging back into the mess that has been created."
76561198028122400,Not Recommended,226320,29511361,Posted: 26 January,all,Caradoon,"Well, this sucks. I've played this game for the entire 2016, Dec 2015. Spent loads of money on the game unlocking all sorts of stuff out of solidarity for a genuine and super fun game. Now its over, just like that David Brevik is gone with he rest of the the dev crew. And the game is now a wreck, every character has been nerfed. I know its all about the money now, pay-to-win next. You find something good, this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥always happens. Play this game if you want but be CAREFUL not to spend any money on this game. You have been warned."
,Not Recommended,226320,29831624,Posted: 10 February,all,Exaltado,"Stay away from this game, they have introduce the new system BiF in the last patch.Just an already agonizing game trying to milk the remaining players.BiF is basically a p2w system in a game asking you to farm the same boss for hours, want this cosmic artifact? farm this boss for 10 hours or buy the new boost BiF and get it in 20 minutes."
76561198130426691,Not Recommended,226320,29434018,Posted: 22 January,all,Sybawave,"This is ltierally probably one of the worst games in exsitence now. The game was originally designed and tested for PC players back in 2013. Their entire player base has been PC players. The idea for this update was to acoomadate to the ""console"" players so that they can be more ""on par"" with the PC players. Another way of saying this is that they are trying to take away any advantage PC players might have over console players. More keybinds, better mechanical movement of our mouse versus their cursor, etc. Why would a company throw their main and currently, only player base out of the window to accomadate for a marginally less maximum player base via console? I can guarantee as a console player, we have always been the outnumbered group of people when it comes to multiplayer games that also invovle PC variants of that game. Why would a company displease 100% of their current playerbase to accomadate for probably 10-15% of their potential incoming playerbase from the console? The company is literally trying to kill this game off so that they do not have to maintain it anymore as they are losing profits. By giving console players access to this game, this is their last attempt at getting a huge flow of income. Once this is done, the game will also be over. That or no one majored in Business in the slightest or even minored in it and have no idea how businesses are supposed to run."
76561198071740004,Not Recommended,226320,29959220,Posted: 16 February,all,Captain Corv,"Thx for ""Biggest Update"" i deleted it forever Rip"
76561198218535377,Not Recommended,226320,30229137,Posted: 27 February,all,glory (they muted me),"Game was fun, now they made it not fun, with more plans on making it less fun in the future and zero plans on making it more fun. Don't waste money."
76561198158437970,Not Recommended,226320,30216981,Posted: 27 February,all,Tyler Durden,Just.. no. Zero quality put into new characters. Lack of content. Immense amount of bugs. Developers don't listen to the community. Just don't waste your time.
,Not Recommended,226320,29531862,Posted: 27 January,all,Thundale,"IF YOU ARE SEARCHING FOR A CHALLENGE, A GAME IN WHICH YOU NEED PROPER USAGE OF POWERS, BUILDS, BRAIN ETC THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU.THIS GAME REQUIRES NO BRAIN THERE IS NO CHALLENGE, JUST A POINTLESS FARM...You dont need any brain to play this game....Just walk around press ANY button , kill everything and LOOT rinse and repeat...rinse and repeat... go to the next location clic ANY button and LOOT....Exp your chars to 60 (there are 59 chars atm) farm for them, reset their levels and farm again for prestige...rinse and repeat for all the charsFarm splinter or buy em (currency to buy new chars that drops in game or you can buy for real money) to get new chars or improve their Ultimate and you can upgrade it till 20 times means you can actually spend 20 times the splinter that you need for one char to make it with a fully upgraded ulti.If this is what you are searching for DOWNLOAD IT , lots and lots of days to spend (infinite) to get all the chars to max power (that doesnt make much sense to me when u can oneshot everything apart from the cosmic difficulty)Wasted 2 days on it, I'm a gamer from 22 years and this was the most pointless time I ever spent on a game... NO BRAINER."
76561198131453215,Not Recommended,226320,29453511,Posted: 23 January,all,radermecherbob,"Go back to the old system.After 3yrs I remove my thumbs up.Sadly,Gazillion wrecked a great game."
76561198101068803,Not Recommended,226320,29437338,Posted: 22 January,all,Jacket,"I didn't spend the time most of the people in the comment section did on the game.However here is what I have to say about the update.Jean Grey, Rogue and Ghost Rider were my 3 most played heroes as they are my favourite out of the entire roster of heroes. I grew up with the X-men comics and Ghost Rider as a kid. So naturally I enjoyed those characters more. Now to the review part.At first glance the update seemed to fix the issue I had with Rogue having to go back and steal every single power all over again, now instead the powers would remain in a ""Stolen index"" for me to pick from later. But I soon came to the horrifying realization that everyone else did. My MOST played character was now weak. I use to be able to smack down a boss in less than 30 sec with my power loadout of stolen powers. It took me 3 tries to kill the boss, a fight that usually took me 30sec revolved around me having to not only change my loadout to try and add more survivability, but the hardcore damage powers no longer had the ""boom"" that they use to.Jean Grey, probably one of the most powerful characters in the game. Most deffinetly one of the most played. I love toggle abilities and naturally the Phoenix was my go to powerhouse. Sadly she feels less like the mighty Phoenix that can rip apart cities and more like the ""candle dove"" that struggles to tear apart a trash bag. From Goddess to cosplayer in one update.Ghost Rider. Mind you he was not top tier to begin with but he remained my all time favorite marvel hero so I had to stick with him due to loyalty and likability. What use to be a struggle to kill a boss is nearly an impossibility now.Biggest update has nerfed the greatest heroes.Movement abilities now nerfed into oblivion.Old systems put in place to improve overall gameplay now ruined with ""New"" ideas to improve but instead broke.I would gladly return to the game if and ONLY if they fix the damage they had done. Some things I would like to keep (actually the only thing I would like to keep from the update is Rogues stolen index). Other things need a desperate fix."
76561198133959788,Not Recommended,226320,29442354,Posted: 23 January,all,Koopsy,Movement restrictions ...Why change that when it was fine for so many years.
,Not Recommended,226320,29990847,Posted: 17 February,all,njdss4,"The ""Biggest Update Ever"" ruined the game. Content takes longer to finish due to scaled up difficulty, traveling around the game world takes longer due to nerfed movement powers, and the rewards were nerfed to where its nowhere near enough to justify the time spent. It takes dozens of hours to farm enough experience points to get anything worthwhile from the new Infinity system, and the best ways of farming credits, Odin Marks, and Relics (those are money, end game item currency, and stackable equipped items, respectively) were flat out removed from the game with no replacement added. The only way to feel like you're not wasting your time in this game is to load up on 'boosts' from the cash shop so that the experience gain rate, credit drop rate, and Odin Mark drop rate feel like they should be all the time. Want to spend $15 for 2.5hrs of 'decent' drop rates, and $3 for every 30 minutes after that? Because that's what it will take to keep the boosts going. What a RIPOFF.There is no point to playing this game right now. Equippable items are getting completely re-worked in an upcoming update, meaning that most of the items you can currently obtain might or WILL be changed or outright removed from the game soon, so you might as well wait until then before even considering trying this game. However, I would STILL recommend playing something else, made by developers that actually care about their players.The devs have also clearly been using the PC version of the game as an Open Beta test server for the upcoming console release of Marvel Heroes, and it's a huge slap in the face to those of us who have spent hundreds (if not thousands) of hours playing this game. This game has gone from a unique, though flawed, ARPG, to a cheap Diablo 3 clone that wants your money more than caring about whether or not you're having any fun."
,Not Recommended,226320,29447662,Posted: 23 January,all,BlutRoyale,"First i was shocked by what they did with my fav. game.Then i thought give it a try. Then i realized that they cut it to the simplest.The Talentsystem and the Infinitysystem are not bad if this would be a new game that would be out of alpha for a week.But for people who played this game since beta it feels like having the Choice of 300 TV Channels before and now only 2 channels left (Train- and Religion-Channel). You still have a choice.The ""biggest"" Questions for me are:Why dont they listen to their first hour and moneygiving players?Why dont they finish the biggest patch ever? There are still things not finished they wanted to change.And now i read that.Sure its not the right way to call someone an idiot or to call this game pos, but GAZ if you take away the most loved toy of a child, what do you expect?|||||| AgentFenixion/Gazillion Staff: (January 21)||||||||||||     @prevail said:||||||     All you guys defending this patch and saying that its only the ""vocal minority"" who have a |||||| problem better rush over to      the steam reviews to save your games reputation.||||||||||||     The steam reviews are absolutely scathing... AND accurate.||||||||||||     Have fun with your trash game.|||||||||||| After 7 violations, most of which were for posts like this one, have fun with your|||||| permanent ban.|||||| Folks, there's criticism, and then there's unproductive ""I like watching the world burn""|||||| posts. Please note we will have very little tolerance for the latter as we gather feedback|||||| about the update. Posting threads for the express purpose of belittling others in the|||||| community who do not share your opinion, regardless of what that opinion is (whether|||||| that is being critical of or in support of things) is not allowed, and never has been, mostly|||||| because it leads nowhere as far as productive discussion. Case in point, the way this||||||  thread unfolded.|||||| Closing.If i search the forum it seems that most bad reactions are deleted and they just want to have positive feedback.So at the end im still not happy with this patch and i dont recomment this game till they give an official statement how to rescue the game."
,Not Recommended,226320,29500267,Posted: 26 January,all,LO7HRIC,All enjoyment has been thrown away by this new patch. Just go and play Path of Exile.
,Not Recommended,226320,29506561,Posted: 26 January,all,Slashing Prices,"What have you people at Gazillion done? I was going to come back to the game after an extensive break. But now that I see all the reviews, you ♥♥♥♥ed up, Gazillion. That's all I can say.Edit: Came back and played it for a few hours, and as expected, it's absolutely terrible. STAY AWAY."
76561197970437788,Not Recommended,226320,29416031,Posted: 21 January,all,Goats No Goats,"I've been playing this game since it came out. It was shaky at first but they got it together and it was fun. Granted I couldn't understand why the Hulk had to spend five minutes working on Crossbones or the Moleman--one punch death was called for in that case--but hey, its a game and I could live with it. Now that they've released the Biggest Patch Ever I have to say I am hating it in spades. Charatcers are so slow and underpowered its a joke. My inventory was spammed so hard by this update that all 16 of my Purchased sorage boxes are stuffed and the only way I can empty it out is to BUY MORE!As a veteran of gaming I can't ehlp but think one or two things.1) a blatant attempt to kill the game by making so bad it dies on the vine and leaves them free to find a new cow to milk.2) The game's generated income has dropped so much that a play to win formula has been adopted.Either way, steer clear. Go play Path of the Exile or Diablo 3 or Warcraft for that matter. This cow is on its way to slaughter."
76561198021604789,Not Recommended,226320,29403439,Posted: 21 January,all,allanon,"760 Hours and countless € gone to Trash-Can with this ""Biggest Update Ever""This just killed this game for PC!"
76561198111846426,Not Recommended,226320,29406341,Posted: 21 January,all,davidelcaid69,the movement NERF  in the game has become a living NIGHTMARE to play with..they slowed the pace of progression down to oblivion its very frustrating !!They throw in patches without really being ready for real gameplay UNIQUES still drop while you cant do nothing with them except vendor them ''taking exchange recipe out ?? really necessary ??'' those are just malicious ways to make you have to waste more time and farm more since they didnt give any help with credits for all the unbinding and transfering between items and artifactsThe WORST is the INFINITY SYSTEM wich now takes FOREVER to get a single point in it and it spreads evenly through out perks you dont even NEED so the time investment is HUGE !! they transformed this game into a ''HARDCORE VETERAN ONLY'' game who can put more than 40H a week into grinding over and over !But really my BIGGEST COMPLAINT would be 3 CHARGES on DASH OR TELEPORT ???? comon REALLY NOW !? the fast dasing and teleporting was the reason this game was FUN to play and FAST PACED it was fluid you could get things DONE !! now its a SLEEP FIESTA ! i literally fall a sleep walking all over the map EVERYTHING takes FOREVER !!(WARNING DONT PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE A CASUAL GAMER OR JUST WANT TO PLAY A COUPLE OF HOURS A WEEK ! THIS GAME IS NOT NEW PLAYER FRIENDLY ANYMORE YOU DONT EVEN GET A NEW HERO UNLOCK FROM COMPLETING STORY MODE FOR THE FIRST TIME ANYMORE YOU GET 200 SPLINTERS AND IT TAKES 400 TO UNLOCK A BASIC HERO SO THEY JUST WANT YOUR $$$$$$ AND THATS ABOUT IT !)
76561198089394839,Not Recommended,226320,29433930,Posted: 22 January,all,bradcalkins53,"This has been a pretty enjoyable game for a long time, but the latest update essentially gutted the game.  It is borderline unplayable right now, stay far away at this time, it has a fun factor of zero right now.  I will never understand the thought that a fun game with great reviews needs to be totally scrapped and remade into a steaming pile of feces, but that it what Gazillion has done."
76561198006532703,Not Recommended,226320,29404873,Posted: 21 January,all,BlueBull,"Worst update ever! The new restrictions on travel/dash powers are ridiculous. Force to regear most of your characters to meet changes.  Not to mention that new gear you need ""coming in a future patch"". Completely nerfing teamup activation rates on away powers and damage unless you have maxed your all of your team ups. Limiting the Action bar to 8 powers, etc, etc. Not necessarily unplayable, just not worth playing."
,Not Recommended,226320,29401599,Posted: 21 January,all,Panda Von Doom,I have been playing this game since Beta and with this new BIG patch a lot of things have changed and not so much for the better. I know they have more to change in another BIG patch. Until then I would not recommend playing.If you do decide to play just know there is going to be more changes and anything that you worked for may end up being junk.
76561197996992291,Not Recommended,226320,29933664,Posted: 14 February,all,Acornus Mcnut.,"The new patch has largely screwed up this game, there is the old saying""If it aint broke, dont fix it"" this is a classic example, the game was large, open ended, had lots of content, but after the update, alot of the base game mechanics are screwed up, the world has been made more linear and a great deal of content has simply been removed.Add to this the increasingly greedy efforts by Gazillion, like removing free costumes when prestiging, and the game has gotten much worse, I still play it, but overall, this update has been a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥show."
76561198096843283,Not Recommended,226320,29529322,Posted: 27 January,all,Idiolized,"I have put 700-800 hours in to this before, and reinstalled on steam after I got a new com.But when returned they completly messed up the game, apparently ""the biggest and best patch"" was released and completly messed up with overall gameplay, flow, and abilities.. I don't even have the passion for putting up with their negligence for around a year, just to release something everybody warned them not too..People who have put alot of hours (alot more than me) got spit in the face since alot of the things the have been grinding for now is reset or changed to the extend all the time have been wasted..Do as their former CEO did here in the beginning of 2017 and leave! Just a friendly advice"
76561198025704484,Not Recommended,226320,29410824,Posted: 21 January,all,Iron Fist,"I'm not a good writer of reviews, but I'll do my best to sum this up: Don't waste your time. This game used to be one of my favorites, and I dropped hundreds of dollars on it due to its in-depth gameplay and customization.Now they've dumbed down the game to ridiculous levels to make it more ""accessible"" for console players. For example, they limited you to only using six different moves on a character, despite being able to use almost double that before. The new ""Infinity System"" took your ability to choose 100s of different bonuses for a character to customize your playstyle and replaced it with 25 bonuses in total, most of which are complete trash. On top of all that, they put a blanket nerf on all characters in the game making it a huge grindfest. Battles you used to be able to complete in a minute or two minutes now take 6+ minutes and some aren't even possible at all if you're not using the right character (and this is with maxed out gear)!"
,Not Recommended,226320,29405771,Posted: 21 January,all,Snake,they killed it
76561197993363449,Not Recommended,226320,29405554,Posted: 21 January,all,Procylon,Way to ruin the game for consoles morons.
,Not Recommended,226320,29524817,Posted: 27 January,all,subanz,"The ""big patch"" has ruined the game.In an attempt to get the game ready for a console release the game has been absolutely destroyed.Gazillion Entertainment went out of their way to try to sell this as an improvement since before the patch was even live.However the list of issues is enormous.Story mode has been gutted, most of the gameplay in early chapters has been simply removed and turned into linear corridors. This mode also dropped in-game currency allowing for purchase of new Heroes, this has been replaced with drops of complete useless crap.Because of this in order to get ONE Hero out of a roster of 59 you must spend 50-80 hours picking up drops of the currency which are on an 8 minute timer. Spending this much time to get new Heroes ruins the game, there is simply not enough content to play on each Hero for long enough to get a new Hero. This is simply greed and an attempt to force players to spend money, its a very unfair practice against free to play players.The new trait system was designed to allow more builds and more choice, however ultimately there only just as many builds as there were previously but many of them are broken and will take months to fix. Most movement oriented builds are completely broken. Some Heroes have received a revamp that they desperately needed for years, with this kind of track record how long are players excepted to wait for this patch to receive fixes for all the new broken Heroes?Movement has been slowed down and dashes have been limited by charges in order to slow down the game. The goal was to force players to fight trash mobs instead of rushing to bosses, not only does this not stop players from rushing but it also makes the game incredibly clunky.When activating the Travel power the player is locked in place before being able to move at full speed, this implementation is about the jankiest part of the patch. Long before the patch came out testers have asked for an implementation where the Hero gradually increased movement speed when the Travel power was activated to allow movement during the build up of speed reducing the jank. The developers excuse was that it was too difficult to implement what is essentially sprinting...Dashes are fixed length and and have between 3-5 charges depending on the Hero and Build. The fixed length makes playing melee Heroes a complete chore, with every dash players are forced to move back to their target after dashing far past the enemies. The fixed length was implemented for the sole reason of accommodating controllers.Dashes were meant to be used as an escape and invulnerability when fighting enemies, however it simply does not work. The damage is not balanced in the least even using up all the charges of a dash you will still often die. Timing enemy attacks is also nearly impossible, between trying to keep track of the cool downs on the power bar and trying to see through a billion different particles created by skills it impossible to see what the enemies are doing. This type of system does not work in a ARPG game. This is not Dark Souls. Dark Souls is an actual good game.A new difficulty has been added, however it was named after the previous hardest difficulty. Even though this mode is now harder it provides the same drops as previously. On top of that the gear that is meant to allow gameplay in this mode has not been added to the game and likely won't be for months.The sheer greed Gazillion Entertainment has show in this update is disgusting. Free to players have no hope of ever getting new Heroes in a timely manner, they will soon remove free costumes and the potion boost system is about to be gutted in order to make it more pay to win.Before this game had its nuts cut off I would have gladly recommended it to anyone but now I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy."
,Not Recommended,226320,29530132,Posted: 27 January,all,SpykeJuggalo,Update killed the games fun. Now its a crawl / snooze fest.
,Not Recommended,226320,29698341,Posted: 4 February,all,Unco Papa Bird,RIP Marvel Heroes. New update is complete garbage. Game is no longer intuitive. Every character feels the same with a different theme skinned on top of them. Garbage.
,Not Recommended,226320,29815949,Posted: 9 February,all,Less is more,"DL'd this game wayback 2013. the game is fun but still incomplete, i still give it a try while waiting for the fix.Alas! the game is standing on its own, its like the succesor of Diablo 2 with a different taste! and it boost my excitement when this game got here on steam.With no doubt and all, i DL'd here in steam and bought the deadpool pack for steam only.And then the ban hammer came after i did something stupid, because of not reading the terms and conditions. wasted 3years of farming and real money for a one mistake.i tried to explain to devs, but no.. they want perma banned. i still can't believe what happened so i lay-low and thinking about doing a new account. and after a half year, i recovered from the pain and got my strength in-game 75% atleast thanks to my experience.And then here comes the big-update!OMFG!!!!! they want be like DIABLO 3! from infinity points (paragon) to skills(no more power points)!And the movement? OMFG!!!! i just felt bad for players using movement hero!Overall!? this game is going comepletely trash, ever since David and friends left gaz.Download this game sure.. its fun for the first hour or day whatever.But take it from me, dont use real moneywhen you feel you need that real money for extra stash, DONT! just dont!After testing this, you can delete this game and move one.Wait for upcoming ARPG like ""Lost ARK"", Lineage Eternal or MU legend."
,Not Recommended,226320,29454503,Posted: 23 January,all,Aunt Jemima,After this update.... Marvel knew they ♥♥♥♥*d up.
,Not Recommended,226320,29420234,Posted: 22 January,all,TacoSeeker [Vayne mayne],"This game was amazing. But this 2017 update, the biggest game overhaul, absolutely killed the game. Limiting dashes and such, removing skill points for the skill trees. It's no longer any fun. There was once such an in depth customization and tailoring to make your hero play exactly how you wanted it to. Not any more. With the Omega system revamped and diminished into the Infinity system as well, there isn't as much room for being exactly what you want to be. Not to mention other bits they removed from the game, such as login splinter rewards, making the grind for new heroes without spending anything even harder."
76561198128559029,Not Recommended,226320,29437448,Posted: 22 January,all,tobi_isagoodboy,"I love marvel, hell some DC stuff aint bad, special wink at killing joke. but this game is so grindy to the point it kills its own fun. Played it since beta, back when you can ""find"" heroes an costumes, it was as rare as finding real gold in your back yard. techniquely possible but unlikely. Fast forward to know they have a splinter token system. thoses drop far more often, but yet again they stifle your ablity to even farm  a single hero / back up summon. like a pet but  more uesful  still like the game but the grind to find just enough tokens for a new hero has put me off from coming back in full force. also their way to find new costumes is such a hassle. you have to lvl a hero from 1-60. you get a bonus free plain starter costume , do that 3 times you can ""blend"" them in a RNG game of hoping for an awsome or atlest a new one...heres the thing with that you have just as much chance as getting one you have, a new one, or even a copy of one of the ones you just sacrifed to RNGesus . its down right wrong to do that to you but it has happend. (forgot to mention you have to level the vendors...yes the vendors first to even do all that costume rng blend. you have to give them items worth something to raise their xp.....I would only recomend this to die hard diablo 2 an marvel fans but even then its a run of the mill game.    favorite part of the game hearing heroes coment to one another that they normally dont see or know a bit about. example Ghost rider telling Punisher ""he is just as guilty as those he kills""...or to peter parker, ""your guilt out weighs your sins"" (even special comments on certian costumes)"
,Not Recommended,226320,29563365,Posted: 29 January,all,Grand Pope General Malarky,I cannot reccommend this game after the massive changes they made to it with their 2017 update.
,Not Recommended,226320,29925804,Posted: 14 February,all,6HINIGAMI,They changed everything and made it trash.
76561197996744642,Not Recommended,226320,29415154,Posted: 21 January,all,[WL]Can't Shoah the Joah,"I've dropped a lot of money (I was a founder) and time (considering a get very little time to play games anyway), and now coming back to it recently it's a mess. Definitely not the game I originally was happy and excited to play. Instead, it's designed to drain your wallet and slow your gameplay experience. Disgusting."
76561197998923812,Not Recommended,226320,29404324,Posted: 21 January,all,Zieg Warhiet,"This recent ""Patch"" has made me very sad inside. The game is a mere shadow of what it used to be. Good night Marvel Heroes, we had some fun."
,Not Recommended,226320,29416302,Posted: 22 January,all,Hyphixsys,"On January 19th of 2017. This game has died.It was fun while it lasted, but I will check it out once in a while if it will ever recover."
76561198096349181,Not Recommended,226320,29433215,Posted: 22 January,all,Dravis,"EDIT:  I continued playing Marvel Heroes a lot (several hours a day every day) since writing my initial post BUE (biggest update ever patch 2.0) review.  I wanted to give it a fair shot and I think 2.5 months is a lot more than fair.Basically the game isn't any better off now than it was 2.5 months ago.  Every patch since the BUE has been working towards cleaning up the mess that was created because of the BUE.  They've already revamped the new Infinity system and it really didn't make it much better.  Still, more than two thirds of the nodes aren't even worth investing in.  They're still trying to balance heroes even though the BUE was supposed to make that easier for them.  It hasn't.  There are heroes who have 3x more DPS than others.  Instead of focusing on the underperforming heroes, they're focusing on the overperforming ones so every patch comes with a list of nerfs.  The last 4 patches in a row, downtime has been at least twice what it normally is and after the server comes back up players have experienced roll backs losing hours of XP, loot and even purchases from the store...Oh and to top it all off, Nick Fury was just released as their most recent (and last that we know of) hero and he's by far the worst they've ever released.  His entire kit is copy/pasted skills from other heroes.  It pretty much felt as if they said ""well, we already sold this guy in the advanced pack last year so we have to ship something... what's the fastest way we can do it?""I tried to love this game again... It just isn't happening.  I can't keep playing it in it's current state.  I really hope they turn things around but I'm moving on for now.Original Review Follows:So I only have 500 hrs listed here on steam but the /played command in game lists me at 1200 hrs and I'm pretty sure it's closer to 2000 counting the hours played prior to /played being implemented.Admittedly, I haven't played much over the last year because the game (at least for me) started going downhill a long time ago.  But I have thousands of dollars invested in my account so I've kept it updated and installed all this time, checking in now and then.  I heard about this huge update and figured I should see what it's all about.First off, the game crashed a few times before I could even start typing in my password... Never a good sign.  But I finally got it to load up and found a whole crap load of stuff in my in box.  Apparently they decided to remove costume cores from costumes and call them something else.  Thankfully they were all still bound to the heroes I had them on previously cause I never would have remembered which one belonged to which hero.Storm was one of my top 3 mains so I switched to her and went to the training room.  I spent about 2 hours trying to wrap my head around all the changes they made to the core build system.  Storm used to be all about resource costs and regen.  But now all of her skills are free and when her resource fills she gets a buff.  Also core stats changed.  Fighting isn't the be all end all stat for DPS any more.I had a rough idea what my TTK on the test dummies used to be with her so after fine tuning everything other than gear, I gave it a shot and came up about 10 seconds short.  Which to some, probably isn't a huge deal.  But I spent so much time and money (not only in game money, but real money) fine tuning her gear to be perfect that at one time, I had the fastest TTK with Storm out of any other player in the game.  Basically, for me to fix her at this point, I'd have to reroll all her challenge bonuses, change a few artifacts, her rune and a handful of other things.Once I realized how much I'd have to do to get Storm up to speed, I quickly realized how many other heroes I had geared for end game content.  The thought of having to go through all that dozens of times... I just said ""nope"" and closed it down out of frustration.If you're a newer player who hasn't invested as much time into your heroes, maybe this will work for you.  But I've stuck with them through so many revisions over the years and had to regear so many times, I'm just done.  Maybe 6 months from now, when things iron out, I'll give it another shot, but for now... As much as it pains me to do it, I gotta thumbs down Marvel Heroes."
76561197992052736,Not Recommended,226320,29403270,Posted: 21 January,all,magewolf,"I have been a Marvel zombie since I was little and when I found this game it was love at first sight.  I spent a lot of time playing and a lot of money on it and was happy with it.  Until they started talking about this ""Biggest Update Ever"" which sounded like a bad idea but I hoped that saner heads would prevail and they would realize how bad of an idea most of it was.Then the update hit the Test Center (the test server that lets players help then test patches before they put them up on the Live server) and it was everything they had said it was going to be, unfortunately.  That is why you can see the negative reviews about it from before the update went Live.  The response was so bad that they blocked feedback on it on their site.  But they went ahead and moved it onto Live with no real changes.I can no longer call this a good game and I do not recomend it for new players. They seem set on making into an inferior version of D3 for some reason.  It very much reminds me of the changes that killed Star Wars Galaxies down to the cries of the fanboys saying that that everyone who disliked it was just afraid of change."
76561198038398622,Not Recommended,226320,29403733,Posted: 21 January,all,beluaeomega,"""Biggest Update Ever"" = anti-fun."
76561198027019649,Not Recommended,226320,29411329,Posted: 21 January,all,Mr. Allard,"After 550+ hours of gameplay, I am walking away from this one.Pros+ Play your favorite Marvel Characters (within limits; some characters aren't or ever will be included)I would have listed more Pros, but with the recent patch, (Jan 2017), not everything i had to say is still valid.Cons+ Outdated modes (x-defense, holo sim)+ Fights are sluggish (high enemy health, gimped Hero damage output, and gimped movement abilities)+ Formerly free items have been removed or replaced with questionably low drop rates.+ Skill customization limited to Diablo 3 esque style.+ Higher tier items rarely drop and can no longer be exchanged.+ Item economy shaken due to item reworks.I won't make a long list just for the shake of having a long list.I personally can't recommend this as a casual player. I didn't play to max a build or do raids; I just intended to level alts and gather loot.Its become too much of a slog to do so in a game that was already light on worthwhile content."
76561198022182219,Not Recommended,226320,29403480,Posted: 21 January,all,Oompa74Loompa,"Bigest Update Ever is this game's NGE. See the other reviews, game is ruined."
76561198022089140,Not Recommended,226320,29400724,Posted: 21 January,all,Blackstonex,"The latest update broke the game. They pretty much nerfed everything at once. Movements have been slowed down so now you are forced to spend more time to finish your quest because it simply takes longer to move from point A to point B. Server becomes extremely unstable, constantly disconnecting. There is almost a daily patch but the patch are not being pushed properly through steam so have to constantly uninstall and reinstall. At this point I just give up, there are better games out there."
,Not Recommended,226320,29405545,Posted: 21 January,all,_MXimus_,"I used to enjoy this game, the latest patch completely destroyed it for me, it's made the game into a slow boring POS... 400+ hours down the drain. Gotta find me a new game to put my time and money into."
76561198054809710,Not Recommended,226320,29406569,Posted: 21 January,all,Taygaiwoop,"I mean just read the other reviews. This game is pretty much ruined at this point.If you want my feedback...oh wait. The developers don't even achknowledge feedback. ALOT of bugs slipped through the cracks that were reported MANY times over. Yet they claim ""We just wanted to get it out after so long sorry guys."" Right, take you 4 week holiday vacation and then give us an update when you did nothing to the testing center for this and it's still garbage? I've spend hundreds of $$$ on this game and it's just feeling like I wasted it on what I take to my driveway every friday morning. Trash.They've also taken away the ability to let you choose any hero to level past level 10 (You can trial any hero to level 10, but prior to this update on January 20th you could ""Uncap"" one hero for free, no matter the cost it is outside of the ""free."" This no longer exists and you are allowed any hero that costs 400 eternity splinters (the games currency for allowing you to buy heroes/team-ups and bank tabs.) You could also use these 400 on two different 200 splinter heroes. Overall it's a terrible change for those who like the following heroes who cost 600 splinters that you could uncap for free before; Deadpool, Dr. Doom, Dr. Strange, Ghost Rider, Iron-man, Spider-man. Before you could uncap for free and get those 400 eternity splinters, giving you a variety of two heroes for just playing the game in 2 days. (Not played, just login 2 days). Now you get the choice of 1 hero that limits you. It's a terrible decision.If you want a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ diablo 3 clone that uses the marvel IP, look no further, this game is just for you! Just don't expect anything to be consistent!"
76561198166414034,Not Recommended,226320,29446698,Posted: 23 January,all,NephilimDeneb,Dying game.
76561198073694640,Not Recommended,226320,29446352,Posted: 23 January,all,Hollywood,"OVERALL: I do not recommend this game in it's current iteration for anyone at max level. I do however recommend this game to fresh, new players who have not yet reached max level, and who plan to do so slowly (i.e. casual player).Continue reading for an explaination of the above.Let me preface this by saying that I have been playing this game since November 2013 (1600+ hours) and am extremely active on the Test Center, forums, conversing with devs, other veteran players, etc. I own 90% of the roster; I paid for about half of them and unlocked the other half for free, even though I can unlock them for free in-game. I have over 4000 Eternity Splinters (the currecny to unlock characters), but I chose to pay for some characters because I believe in supporting games that you enjoy. I've spent well over $500 over the past 3 years on G's (in-game currency) to purchase other things as well lke costumes, boosts, Fortune Cards, etc. I'm writing this review because the most recent update on Jan 19, 2017 has had mixed reviews; and I believe I can help new or potential players understand why.The reason I recommend this game to new players (who especially love Marvel) is because at it's core, this is a fun pass-time that can absolutely be played in a casual way by persons of any age. It's simple enough for casual gamers (even children) to understand. It also lets people play as their favourite Marvel characters, as well as provides a fun way to learn about Marvel characters you may have never heard of. Movie tie-in events from real life are also fun to experience. The best part of this game to new and casual players, is that it can be entirely F2P if you so choose. Spending money does not affect progression in an over-bearing way where you feel light years behind everyone else if you do not spend. Other than experience boosts (which Gazillion has decided to remove after this week), most of the in-game store only contains cosmetic and 'chase' items that have no effect on gameplay at all. Also, unlocking a single new character requires roughly 20 to 60 hours of gameplay each to achieve - which is not bad considering the handful of free giveaways throughout the year as well as the AMAZING player community that often holds free giveaways on the game forums. Speaking of the community, it is by far the best I've ever encountered on a game this size. In-game and on the forums, everyone is extremely helpful and there are always multiple conversations going on at once. Unfortunelty, many of these great community members have stopped playing due to the complacency that Gazillion has adopted over the years. Now, onto the negative....The reason I do not recommend this update to Veteran players, or anyone who is trying to ""gear out"" their max level character is simple. Loot & End-Game Content. The loot system in this game has been messed up for a long, long time, but Gazillion Developers have instead focused on character updates, QoL's, and the 'new' Infinity System (which is bland and uninspired, yet they claim it is end-game progression). They have not at all addressed the lackluster loot drop ratios, nor have they added any raids or fulfilling game modes (i.e. one-shots) in almost 2 years. 2 years without new and farmable end-game content!Pre-update, the only way players could farm decent loot during the past two years was to ""boss rush"" OLD content over and over and over again until the thing that they wanted dropped. Drop rates are extremely low so the number of runs a person would have to do in order to get that loot would easily be in the hundreds, if not thousands. Multiply that tenfold due to the game having 60 characters to play, all of which needing the same loot to reach their top potential. Now as abysmal as that already sounds, with this new update the devs have decided to make the game significantly slower for players to farm and progress. They have taken away ""boss rushing"" by limiting the number of teleport and dash powers while not increasing the loot acquisition proportionately. So basically what has happened is that the difficulty of enemies has increased, your ability to skip over them and just ""boss rush"" has been removed, and the loot drop rates have not changed. It takes at least twice as long to farm the exact same (don't forget, 2+ years old) content, and there is no increased rewards to compensate. For example, if it took 3 hours to find a boss artifact in a 'Terminal' (a short 'instance' for all you MMO-types) before the update, it now takes 6 hours to do so, post-update. This is unnacceptable and has turned a LOT of veteran players off to the game. We have told the devs constantly over this game's life that the loot is not in a good place. They sometimes acknowledge this, and say something is 'in the works'. Whatever 'in the works' means, I'm not sure, because we haven't seen anything done in last 3 years.Loot is the number one priority in an ARPG or MMO, and Gazillion has continued to fail to deliver on that aspect. They have been hinting at revamping the loot system for years now, but absolutely nothing has materialized and it appears to have just been a carrot on a stick that some players (posting positive reviews) seem to keep believing in.The second major negative about this game is the lack of new content. There are only two raids in this game, the latest of which was released almost two years ago. The next longest time-sink game mode are called One-Shots (longer 'instances' than Terminals). The most recent One-Shot also came out 2 years ago. All of the other game modes (X-Defense, HoloSim, Terminals) are so old, that their loot tables have not been updated in over 3 years. Gazillion Developers introduced Danger Room last year, but the rewards are sub-par in relation to the difficulty of the instance. No one plays them anymore because they are so time consuming with little payout.To top all of this off, Gazillion has introduced a new (payment only) method of guaranteed loot, in the form of a boost potion from the in-game store. This further drives home the problem that Gazillion has been aware of their awful loot drop rates, and instead of fixing it, they have instead decided to monetize it with these new boosts (by the way, it's important to note that these boosts are still lackluster, they guarantee loot but it is random and you do not know what you'll get). Gazillion does not like giving out meaningful loot, but they are running a loot-based ARPG/MMO?! It's ludicrous. How are players expected to gear out up to 60 characters when it takes anywhere from 3-6 months to gear out ONE, and this was BEFORE the Jan 19th update. It does not sit well with veteran players, which is why you're seeing all of these negatvie reviews.One more negative about the recent upate: Team-Up synergies. Team-Ups are companion characters you can purchase or unlock that assist you in combat, but you cannot take control of them and play them. When these were released (3 years ago) they came with a promise of having a Team-Up synergy system that would further buff our characters and provide unique benefits depending on which Team-Up you used. Well, three years later, we finally get these synergies, but all they consist of is a simple 2% damage buff that stacks the more Team-Ups you have unlocked. So we waited three years for a 2% damage buff per Team-Up owned, stackable up to 50 times. That means you need to buy or unlock 50 Team-Ups to get the maximum benefit. Team-Ups cost 80% of an actual playable hero, does the cost-benefit seem fair to you? What a cop-out by Gazillion.So bottom line is: If you're new and looking for a fun and casual Marvel IP game that is F2P, this will satisfy you for a month or two. If you're a veteran or want to seriously start doing end-game content and gear up your characters; wait. I do not recommend playing until Gazillion improves their loot system and adds new game modes that take more than 5 minutes to complete."
76561198159230876,Not Recommended,226320,29673427,Posted: 3 February,all,Det. Martin Riggs,gaz keep ♥♥♥♥ing the game up with every new patch.
76561198071316812,Not Recommended,226320,29441872,Posted: 23 January,all,Pak Pak Pak!!,See Lord Penderton's Review. Nuff said.
76561198020702782,Not Recommended,226320,29410774,Posted: 21 January,all,Prodigal Ink,"I'm suppose to be playing Marvel Heroes™ but this one company keeps ♥♥♥♥ing it up.Is it Gazzillion?Yeah, It's Gazillion Entertainment.Who is Gazillion Entertainment?Some say Gazillion Entertainment was the first company to do a Marvel game we all wanted.Born from the Greatest ARPG - D2(Praise Brevik)I Heard, Gazillion Entertainment are implementing Pay to Win gear Grinding.I Heard Gazillion Entertainment are dumbing the game down for console.But the worst part is, just when you think you are safe, just when you think everything will be alright.THEY DESTROY EVERYTHING YOUVE WORKED FOR IN THE LAST FEW YEARS.Character Power - GoneAbility to speed through and farm levels - GoneArtifacts -  Gone, you need to find and reroll new ones.Legendaries - ♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck you need to waste 200 Odins to reroll to a new one for your Hero.WHAM!!!! Just like that! Game over.Edit: you know what really pisses me off is that some ♥♥♥♥ing pleb who sits and views the streams can get all the ♥♥♥♥ing heroes for free because these dumbass devs are doing giveaways to try and ""save"" their game.So all the hard work ive done unlocking heroes etc some ♥♥♥♥tard with nothing better to do than watch twitch gets given a free advance pack worth hundreds of dollars. also its not just one or two people... 30 ♥♥♥♥ing plebs from stream sitting on 30k worth of G's."
76561198138904624,Not Recommended,226320,29436389,Posted: 22 January,all,SectorXIII,"Update 2.0 dumbed the game down a ton, was great before but now I wouldn't recommend this anymore."
76561197972607085,Not Recommended,226320,29446915,Posted: 23 January,all,Legionary,Why did they destroy my game:( i've put thousands of dollars and thousands of hours in it and thats how they thanks me. Pls come back Brevik.
,Not Recommended,226320,29412947,Posted: 21 January,all,Sephyros,"The new changes made the game sluggish and clunky, killing the fast-paced gameplay I enjoyed.It was a good ride."
,Not Recommended,226320,29433015,Posted: 22 January,all,Knight Exemplar (Nahtesregor),Biggest Update ever.  Biggest Thumbs Down I've Ever Given.  Goodbye Marvel Heroes... it's been....weird.
76561198076315968,Not Recommended,226320,29433620,Posted: 22 January,all,Faul,"I mostly played using the own game launcher, but from my achievements one can see I have all heroes at 60. And I did not only stopped there, I have over 10k in game achievements and such. But the game changed in a horrible way."
76561198046022915,Not Recommended,226320,29469275,Posted: 24 January,all,Vjrus,wait 3 year for update pvp....heroes not balance
,Not Recommended,226320,29415027,Posted: 21 January,all,Slim Tim,What the ♥♥♥♥ did you do..?
76561197991961122,Not Recommended,226320,29413316,Posted: 21 January,all,mittay1,"I've played a massive amount of time and would have continued, but the new changes have not made the game fun for me.I had invested a lot of time in items that are now pretty much worthless, which is one of my concerns, but the main one is the changes made to the game that has turned it into a slug fest killing bullet sponge bosses.The game no longer flows as it does, and that's a real shame.I now have to re-domind numbing content that I hade acccess to before that I no longer have access to, with over 50+ heroes. That's a time investment of around 12+ hours that I need to do again, just because.I need to re gear my characters, re evaluate their powers and learn their new play styles, which is not a fun process anymore.If you're coming into the game it might be fun, but if you're a vet then it's pretty easy to get turned off.Can't recommend this game in the state it is in at this stage."
,Not Recommended,226320,29436511,Posted: 22 January,all,Mr. Wonderful,"Instead of making new harder content, they f word the players over by making old content harderPpl who spent 1000+ hours to farm 10,000 paragon points get f word the hardest with the new paragon system. If u have 10,000 paragon points of power boost, in the new paragon , it is only 1% power boost of the old one.The very same content players clear within 30 sec ? yeh now they cant even make it to boss and just die to normal mobs.The shetty drop rate is the same but the content is just 1000% harder :D"
,Not Recommended,226320,29437898,Posted: 22 January,all,Tooopy,sucks now :[
76561198005923854,Not Recommended,226320,29981125,Posted: 17 February,all,Yulgalminakf,"Previous to the ""biggest update ever,"" most heroes felt unique. There were some similarities between some of them, some similar abilities, and a few clone characters, but the vast majority of them were completely different. They had different playstyles, different abilities, and they were all fun and pretty well balanced.However, the newest update shoved every hero into a handful of categories. Nothing is unique and different now. They all blend together and have all been nerfed and dumbed down."
76561198118209261,Not Recommended,226320,29400525,Posted: 21 January,all,zmzmmia,"Gaz put everything into this update, and, IMO, it was a huge miss. I just hate that I have ~28k G's (thanks 90% coupon) sitting in my account (stand-alone user w/ 3-4k hours) that I'll probably never use. I've lost what little motivation I had to play this anymore. What gets me the most is that they spent nearly a year on this update, and it still comes out like nearly every other patch/update Gaz has ever released. Too bad for Gaz, they had a great game and squandered away too many opportunities to be more successful."
76561198121883165,Not Recommended,226320,29413458,Posted: 21 January,all,nah namjah johwah,"I was really hyped for the ""biggest update"" but when i got into the game,everything i expected ""good"" went BAD! New skill traits are cool and new design of the heroes.But did you guys really have to make heroes weaker!??!?!?!? lowering dps is what killed me.I spent so much time on Iron man and Spider-man to pass cosmic trial, the game was already challenging for me.The fun part of playing this game is spending hrs of time and making your hero strong.After the patch, all the bosses are challenging... due to huge NERF!!! to all heroes.My main heroes are so weak that its sad to see them doing no damage...Why didn't they keep all the dps and just make the bosses HP higher ? or make more difficulties for terminal?I really dont understand what they were thinking in their head.I see players that are happy with the update or very upset. To be honest, time will tell whetherthe update was good or not. I hope they learn that player's  opinion matters the most, not the developers.Oh and big thank you to Gaz for saving me from spending more money on this game."
,Not Recommended,226320,29402532,Posted: 21 January,all,WhiteNight,"As of today, May 21st, it has been 4months since the so called BUE update...The game has barely done anything to improve itself other than the slight tweak on infinity which isn't amazing. Still no next tier items, no real new ""content""...(Nick Fury is such a poor release.) And since they pour most of their resource into the OMEGA (console port) It is clear that the PC community are left in the dust...Review written on Jan 22nd:Here are my opinions on the current state of the game. I am a veteran player that have clocked over 5000 hours on the game if you include my time on the standalone client.The recent 2.0 biggest patch changes basiaclly is a soft reset and the game is back in ALPHA state. I am on the fence with the changes becacuse it is a 3 years old game and to have drastic changes on it now seems redundent.As of right now there are not enough new content to justify all the changes and provide very little incentive for veterans to play other than grinding for EXP(infinity point).Can't really recommend this to new players too because how underwhelming it is being a 2017 game and how much catch up new players have to do in order to be on the playing field.Pros-Streamline power set with talentsUpdated visuals and animations.Console friendly. (which is their primary goal for streamline the game)A massive roster of heroes + villans.Cons-Lack of content or loot that excite players.Very expensive cash store for heroes and cosmatics.Infinite exp grind which will promote botting.Removal of Omega system which had a lot of Marvel flavor.We lost a lot of mobility and statstical value, our stock of currency devalued overnight.New players are further behind on the curve if they have no been playing.(material/gold)"
,Not Recommended,226320,29658530,Posted: 2 February,all,ruphus,"They nerfed your heroes. And if you thought that's bad, they also nerfed loot rewards.Way to go Gaz.Just. Firetrucking. Brilliant."
,Not Recommended,226320,30242004,Posted: 28 February,all,Humaniterrorist,Fun game ruined by dishonest developers. Released an update that ruined everyone's characters because they optimized the game for console. Haven't released any new content even though they've been promising it to us for a long time.
76561198354592748,Not Recommended,226320,29434114,Posted: 22 January,all,The_Chuckernaut,"I started a while ago and fully unlocked deadpool, beacuse he was one of the most expensive characters, not to mention its deadpool, and i fell in love with the teleportation aspect. Unitl they ruined it. I would use it as movement since my computer couldn't process the map fast enough whenever I was using his transport vehicle, and now its only allowed 3 teleportations. I would use it to jump into the middle of a horde of enemies, or out of the way of an oncoming attack, but now it is slow and cant be repeated. The game was really good and looked promising, but they need to change it back. The new update is garbage. Also, recently Im not even able to open the game, so its useless now.P.S. come on with the medkits, just stop."
76561198014607611,Not Recommended,226320,29416788,Posted: 22 January,all,Smiling Jack,lmfao Gaz
,Not Recommended,226320,29994680,Posted: 17 February,all,Emwash,"Change it back to what it was.. this update is pure garbage. Who the f*ck would think this is a good change?To be clear, I have 37 characters unlocked and even my favorite characters don't appeal to me because of the big update."
76561198132906026,Not Recommended,226320,29509923,Posted: 26 January,all,Diker,"What the hell happened here? This game used to be everyone's go-to game when we mention Marvel games.I remember when the game came out,and I realized that the computer I had was too weak for the game.After more than 2 years I finally got to play the game.I download it,press that PLAY button,and boom it's puts me into the main menu.It felt so cool fighting Ultron forces as Cap,Hulk and the others.I remember getting my starter hero (who was Ultron).So good memories.And then I stop playing for about 4-5 months.You know life come's in and all of those things.And now,in 2017 I decide to return to the game.I see the BIG UPDATE tab,and I click on it.I read through the 1000 pages of patch notes,and I just sigh.They nerfed everything.Movement,they destroyed the omega system for the infinity system,and oh god all of those starter hero changes.Oh and who could forget the costum changes.I feel bad for newer players,if there are any,who enter the game,and can't play as their favourite Marvel hero.It's just sad.And if they get a hero,they find out that you can get costumes to them,but guess what you can't,because ♥♥♥♥ YOU.I actualy have horrible history with costumes,because my first costume was droped from a thug in the Hood Hideout termianl.And the costume was for Storm.So the movement changes.Oh god those movement changes.There was one thing that I used to do all the time as a new player.Zip around the entyre city as Ultron with his dash ability.Oh boy it fellt so good going at the speed of light while dashing around the city.So how the hell can they ruin this,well they can make it an ability,that has 3 charges.You can dash 3 times than you have to wait 1-2 seconds.WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ HAD THIS IDEA? WHO?!Oh and movement abilities got changed too.Now,you can't ride your bike/fly around the hub at a speed,where the game can't even handle.No no no no no.Now you can go half as fast a Housain Bolt.Whitch means,that the avarage speed of a human.(I have something f-ed up to say,but I wan't to keep it to the end.So what's next on the naughty list.Oh Infinity system.Remember the Omega system?Where if you achived level 60 (max level) as your hero,you can now earn Omega points from leveling up the omega bar.I remember getting an omega orb chest after every boss.You can get thousands of them,and you can change the way your hero fights,or the defensive stats or like that.But now we have the ♥♥♥♥♥tain the is the Infinity system.It's similar to the omega systam,but much worse.Instead of earning thousands of points,you can earn hundreds of points.And you can change the ways too,but they are not as creative as the ones in the Omega system.Oh and don't forget about the team up changes,no no no no.They changed them the same way as they did with the heroes.So let me explain it.So you are a new player,you just got done watching the latest Marvel movie,and wan't to play some Marvel games after that.And then you find out about this game called Marvel Heroes.You create an account,you download the game,you boot it up (do people still say that?),and you select your favourite hero.But oh no,you realise that you can only get 400 SHARD HEROES.WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ CAME UP WITH THIS?!And you know how you can ""unlock"" the other heroes,so that you can unlock them for who knows how many shards?By buying something in the game,for real life money.And same with the team ups!You are limited to 400 shard team ups.Just why Gaz why?First,you shut down your amazing kid friendly game called Marvel Super Hero Squad Online,because you wan't to focus on Marvel Heroes...You guys are deffenetly focusing on making the game better.So here is that f-ed up thing.I heard,from some fans,that Gaz made the decision to change up the Marvel Heroes team.(the devs of Marvel Heroes) Well really nice choice Gaz.Real nice choice dummies.And just please,if you are new,DO NOT PLAY THIS!And if you are an old player,or a veteran.Maybe come back if you wan't to,but please don't.So here are my thoughts about the big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥this update is.Have a nice day.Diker out."
,Recommended,226320,25489619,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Dooky,"I bought a few games during the Steam Summer sale, and now those games are covered in virtual dust because I found Marvel Heroes around the same time. I started off with an incredible deal on the Civil War pack which gave me a running start at this fun and addictive game.As people have mentioned, it is a Diablo style (wear out your mouse) MMO game where you get to play as your favorite Marvel Heroes. I liked that you can solo most of the content, but if you want to join others, I feel the game's community is very helpful and friendly.There are various currencies in the game like loot dervived and found gold, Odin Marks for special items, various random event items and Eternity Splinters which you collect as you play. Eternity Splinters are the currency you can get new characters with or you can buy them for real world money called ""G"".One major thing I liked about the game is that it truely is playable for free and various special events yield even more free items. Although, I eventually did pay real money with absolutely no regrets for some additional heroes and most importantly inventory space called Stash's. (That is the little catch in the free to play model, you have very limited inventory space.) I found that by waiting for sales and special offers you can build a pretty large base of characters easily without spending a ton of money and even when I do pay I feel like I'm getting way more of a value and playability than I have with many of the other paid games in my library.The developers really stay on top of things creating new heroes, special events and additional content all the time. So it's nice to know they actually care about putting out and supporting a good product.The gameplay is easy, but there are deep, complex and enjoyable aspects to it as well as you progress.A few things I wish I knew starting off is items/loot from worst to best is: white, green, blue, purple, yellow and finally the unique brown for basic items. Relic's, Rune's and Artifacts and Legendary items are valuable for the more advanced development and depth of the character's and game. Selling loot for credits isn't very important until much later on. You are way better off donating loot to your Crafter and Enchanter who unlock options as they level. (You can donate to most vendors but I feel the Crafter is most important first.)Team-Up Heroes are a lot of fun to have and help a lot if you solo often. I bought 1 and got 1 free on sale, and one came with the Civil War pack and one was free from an event. Also, you can use the same Team Up multiple times on the various main characters available. They say one of the best Team Ups is Pirate Deadpool, whom you get for free from doing a simple quest. I like Clea best and recommend getting her if you buy one.There is a very in-depth forum available for questions you may have and most people will help you out if you just ask.I recommend this game to everyone and especially Marvel fans! No regrets getting and playing this one."
76561198004301424,Not Recommended,226320,29431091,Posted: 22 January,all,Alenghil,It was a great game but the developers have destroyed it patch after patch.I don't know how the developers haven't listen to the community.
76561198015390770,Not Recommended,226320,29867100,Posted: 12 February,all,Vin,Update sucks
76561198040937381,Not Recommended,226320,29419150,Posted: 22 January,all,Broccoli,"Devs that completely ignore all their fans, all their supporters, all their beta testers... Yeah, Cannot reccomend this game...For ingame related reasons I do not support this game, read the 65% of reviews from players who list all the game breaking changes they hate."
76561198040445146,Not Recommended,226320,29441410,Posted: 23 January,all,kaldausorakle,"awful what they did to this game. Devs should get prepared for at best a mass exodus of players, at worst a class action lawsuit."
76561197984770661,Not Recommended,226320,29419755,Posted: 22 January,all,Nozs,"This is your basic diablo style game that tries to go deeper in a way that looks good but gives no real improvement. That's because the game never feels challenging. It's there to waste time. The story is there, but it's improved by the game by zero percent. At times, I found myself actually wishing I were reading it instead of playing it.The characters tallent trees have depth. It sounds good. If the game were challenging AT ALL, it might even be fun. As it is, there is no reason to even do the tutorial. It's not needed to learn anything because you can just run through and hold down the mouse button.You can get into high difficulty, but even that will be you with some other people, running through while holding down the mouse button. On the highest challenging scale, i'd give it a 3 out of 10. On the fun factor, 0/10.The only reason this is a game is because it has a dc skin on the outside, but it only has crap on the inside. I see this as the cheapest way they could have went with a game and still make some kind of money. It's a sad attempt at giving us what we want in no way what so ever. If you enjoy Ben Afflek, you may enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,226320,29463554,Posted: 24 January,all,123270,Biggest Update in game history sucked too much. Uninstalled.
76561198186856957,Not Recommended,226320,29530850,Posted: 27 January,all,M@dVoid,"This game is really confusing and your hand will pain clicking the mouse button because the control system is like dota and lol. Casual Gamer its a bore game don,t play ,otherwise your wish"
76561197984388684,Not Recommended,226320,29436663,Posted: 22 January,all,Negatory,"Once a very good game. now they don't seem to care what the community wants,"
,Not Recommended,226320,29415094,Posted: 21 January,all,TheFuent,"way to♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone off and ruin the game, gj guys, hope you are proud of yourselves"
76561198044316887,Not Recommended,226320,29404725,Posted: 21 January,all,JJflesh,"Game was fun before the biggest update, now i have to ride a little pink bike with my deadpool to get somewhere."
76561198193265670,Not Recommended,226320,29416643,Posted: 22 January,all,kendrickyay,"Movement change is the deal breaker. I really enjoyed the game before (I have a lot more than 762 hours since I latter logged in on its own launcher which hours played didn't count. And I had spent thousands of dollars in this game because I liked it) but they insisted on the movement change whereas in the past they would always consider players' opinions and make adjustments accordingly. I gave it a fair amount of time and testing, but still couldn't stand how slow it played.I hope the slow paced gameplay is gonna keep new players as intended because many vets have already given up. Poor design. It's unfortunate. The rest of you can enjoy it all you want, still can't cover the fact that most people hate it.""People just don't like to change"" is an invalid argument. We WANT changes-we always ask for changes and we were always given what we wanted. but not this big update. They kept most of the design despite a lot of negative feedback while testing. That is not to say you shouldn't try this game. Try it and see for yourselves only if you have spare time. If you are new you'd probably not notice the difference anyway. Though if you are looking for a game to majorly devote your resources into, I would not recommend it. You never know when they'll do♥♥♥♥♥♥like this again in hopes to improve but instead completely ruins the fun for the existing players."
,Not Recommended,226320,29507297,Posted: 26 January,all,lOrD gHoSt,"OMEGA""biggest update ever!""no, biggest f*ckup ever!please, reroll this piece of sh*t and think it over/listen to the community!thank you!"
76561198018080770,Not Recommended,226320,29932743,Posted: 14 February,all,tyrant tommy,This game was a blast then they took a nerf bat to the entire thing from what i can tell and it is a horrid grind fest with no reward now.I have characters with max level gear that die on normal mode now... its honestly just not fun anymore.
,Not Recommended,226320,29407370,Posted: 21 January,all,caseyisjesus,They ruined the game after their Biggest Update Ever patch. Now it's a poor Diablo 3 ripoff.
,Not Recommended,226320,29404799,Posted: 21 January,all,Illumi,"Devs ♥♥♥♥ed up. That's enough to summarize what everyone else is currently saying. I don't recommend this game in its current state, they might improve it in the future but right now it's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197993623400,Not Recommended,226320,29417377,Posted: 22 January,all,petquack,"I've played this game for over 3 years now and it never got boring but got even better. Recently GAZ has done a terrible update which ruined fun gaming experience.If you are brand new to this game you'll won't notice the change of course but for veteran gamers ( such as myself) , it's a big disappointment."
76561198002212159,Not Recommended,226320,29410488,Posted: 21 January,all,Headless,"Very disappointed with the newest patch. Marvel Heroes went from one of my favorite games to virtually unplayable. From the travel powers to the damage settings, the game is in a bad state. I am going to shelf this one until it is fixed.I tried out the patch today and leveled Beast. It felt like a chore. Low damage and slow movement. I felt like I was swimming in peanut butter in a fight."
76561197994177364,Not Recommended,226320,29408250,Posted: 21 January,all,Defion,"My feedback on this game is, undo the latest patch, make the characters feel like super heroes again, bring back ultron 6 summon blade drones, bring back Doom 3 perm Doom bots, think a year about any ""big update"" befor implenting it knowing fully well it sucks and will♥♥♥♥♥♥people off, slap everyone in the office in the face, kiss them on the cheek, praise Signal Studio's and Hi-Rez because they dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about their games either, and then if you still implent what ever you as a company thinks is good better make back-upsbefor the update so that once the ""new biggest update ever"" rolls out and lot of people say they hate it because it ♥♥♥♥s them over without giving a kiss or a flirty looks, you can roll it back with some delay.Aslo as this game being about ""SUPER HEROES"" I never saw hulk,iron man, cap am, or any of the heroes in a movie go like, ""Let me stand here in the middle of a fight while powering up for 25 seconds for me to move out of harm way just to repeat that wait for my travel powers to load up.""PS. The game is about super heroes but with the latest patch those super heroes feel like turds wrapped in wet paper. Its so sad to see the company pushing players to those unofficial private servers. Awell their lose because I rather support by donating money to private unofficial servers of the game then the official one because those are actualy improving on the pre-patch build. (1 private server was happy to reroll its build back after they also updated it with the current patch, but people playing on that server complained and were listen to)."
,Not Recommended,226320,29400880,Posted: 21 January,all,[VRTX] Brognor,"Such a pity... They destroyed one of my favourite ARPGs... I've spent a lot of money on it, when it was really fun. Now I regret it... When/If they fix it, I'll be back."
76561198081082473,Not Recommended,226320,29401034,Posted: 21 January,all,Suppah Robbah,I played this since alpha and had it as recommended but I have to change that now. With this new patch they killed lots of the fun that the game was. I will check it out in a couple weeks to see if its been fixed but as of right now its broken dont bother.
76561198009171141,Not Recommended,226320,29411265,Posted: 21 January,all,Chaotic,Streamli9ned for console it seems..Made all heroes equally slow verey un hero feeling...
76561198009716503,Not Recommended,226320,29410143,Posted: 21 January,all,vallor2,"As an ultimate founder and supporter since late alpha I have always been somewhat disappointed by the direction this game has taken.  The promise of ""give it a little more time"" or ""well they haven't finished this yet"" or ""this system hasn't come online yet"" or ""we have to do this for the health of the game"" has kept my interest and kept my money flowing.  Until the last few days of evaluating the most recent (Jan 19, 2017) update (on their client since Steam was DDOS'd all day yesterday!)Obviously, I enjoyed this game despite all it's flaws.  In additon to my Steam hours I put in at least another 1K hours on their client as well as thousands of dollars to collect every costume, hero, and team up.As an ARPG in general it plays well though pretty basic when compared to something with the compexity of D2 or PoE.  The number of characters replaced the deep and engaging itemization systems you find in other examples of the genre.  The trappings of the Marvel Universe is very appealing to a lot of people though it does seem to have problems deciding if it will participate in the Marvel Cinematic Universe or the Comic Universe.  There are some bits to get past, like ""Why are there 100 Spidermen?""However, I should have realized from the very beginning, when they rebranded the game from Marvel Heroes to Marvel Heroes 2015 to run away from the horrid reviews they earned from launch, the company was on a bad path.  The most recent incomplete update shows this once again.Others have gone into the micro-detail of the update changes but for me I'm more concerned about the overall macro treatment and direction the game and company has shown since the launch.- When it comes to ""Play to Win"" the company stretches the boundaries of good ettiqute for a western company, IMO,For example on change in the most recent update removed stats from costumes and turned them into items which had to be stored in inventory, yet didn't increase the inventory space.  This required people to either delete items or purchase more inventory space.  This is just one minor example of many, many examples.  Others have talked about the Bonus Item Find (BiF) system which is a pure Pay To Win grab in it's grossest form.And this is the system which replaces the broken Rare and Special Item Find system which they pimped for years knowing,  behind the scenes, there was virtually no value to these stats no matter how many dollars a player put toward boosting these stats.  It didn't stop the company from shamelessly hocking the items on their store.- They have a tradition of performing half-baked and not fully thought out updatesFor example in this most recent update, regardless of if people felt it is good or bad, there are at least three critical things that were not completed which needed to accompany the update and were communicated as being part of the update.  Itemization, costume closet, and the consumables update.  While the beneficial items were removed (such as the vendor exchange program) none of the replacements were added.All of the ""pain"" but none of the ""gain"", so to speak.- They have no tradition of quality.  Each release is equal parts update and introduction of bugsIn additon they, for some reason make the rookie mistake of continually updating on Thursday and Friday then taking the weekend off.  This means the players are left over the weekend to soak in whatever bugs were released with their update.  Very poor practice and I'm not sure why they go counter to every other established precedent to update late in the week.- The game introduces new (non-paid) content in dribbiles and the small pieces it has released are typically rehashes of existing content and mashups of old assets.On occasion there are larger content updates but, since the Asgard update nearly every FREE update has been recycled assets with the exception of a few mobs.  Ultron?  Civil War?  Skrull?  Clever recycling but considering the pace I fail to be impressed.None of these things make the game a bad game per se but it does make me wonder what sort of game and company I want to support with my time and dollars.Games change, I can get over that.  Heck, Blizzard does it all the time.  The difference is that when they do a release it is usually COMPLETE.  They don't kick the can down the road on things like leaving out half the critical systems and saying they'll come out at a time To Be Determined.  It's like buying a car but 2 of the 4 wheels aren't ready when you go to pick it up.  You sort of need them all.As much time and money as I've put into the game (and I still have over $100 in game currency on my account) I can't give this game a thumbs up.  The game may, for a while be fun but it is not supported.It is not supported in content, it is not supported in quality, and it is not supported in a way that leaves the game healthy for players in the long term.  When the best way to play the game is to find out when they are doing big updates then LEAVE for a few months while they work it out that's no game I want to play anymore."
,Not Recommended,226320,29436309,Posted: 22 January,all,DSpace,"Used to play this game ALOT before it was on steam. I fell in love with Black Panther's movement in fights and now they made the game boring AF, heroes dont feel like powerful mutants anymore, now theyre just sluggish and weak"
76561198047192306,Not Recommended,226320,29436341,Posted: 22 January,all,Rogerinho do Ingá,Hope this game survive long enough to make all this stupid changes worth.
76561198004275416,Not Recommended,226320,29414077,Posted: 21 January,all,Deadreckoning,"Way to utterly kill the fun of this game...clearly the ""veteran"" devs that are responsible for this update have no actual idea of what made it fun in the first place. Fixing what isnt broken....should have just stuck to making more content. Its a shame because this *WAS* the best marvel themed game out there."
76561198074918321,Not Recommended,226320,29408724,Posted: 21 January,all,Blanchimont,"The recent patch to the game is the absolutely most disappointing thing that has happened to this game since its release back in 2013 and recently on Steam. The patch changed several things: the movement system, skills, and the infinity system.The movement system forces most characters to be extremely slow. It takes several seconds to charge up a dash that barely moves you half the screen. More often than not, the melee characters feel unresponsive due to how terrible the targeting is when things overlap. Basically, you have to hold shift down to get anything done since you can no longer move to reposition yourself on a regular basis. They throw lots of trash mobs at you that get in your way, but if you hold T to activate your long distance travel power, you can luckily just skip over everything anyways. You get more experience in the long run just grinding in one of the patrol zones with experience orb drops since they essentially increased the length of time it takes to complete the legendary terminal quests.The changes to the skills feels like they killed a lot of builds. Skills are now automatically learned upon leveling up and you can only change ""traits."" The ""traits"" that change the behavior of some skills forces you to basically choose between a few skills each time because of how they interact with one another. Some traits will also disable other skills. Hybrid builds are terrible because most character has one primary stat and a few have two stats, but hybrid builds essentially require all the stats now to actually work. Characters feel like they literally do not have the stats nor the skills to support their own builds and that is just ridiculous.Lastly, the infinity system has increased the grind to absurd levels. Unlike the omega system from before, you gain points in the infinity gems in rotation, forcing you to invest into each category. However, it is unlikely that you will find more than three of the gems useful on any character (assuming it is hybrid, other characters may only find two gems useful), resulting in many more wasted points with points that are more than ten times harder to earn than before. The result is that your characters are going to be weaker than ever before because they get far less out of each point.The worst part of all is that the game changed the stat system without updating the items for the characters to match them. More likely than not, the unique items that you get as drops will not have stats that you need to match your character's build. It feels like the game was updating halfway, and then they decided to stop and just implement what they had instead of waiting until they were actually done first.In summary, the game has slowed down and diverse builds have been eliminated in favor of something more streamlined. Build customization has been eliminated, resulting in trait combinations that are actually worthless when used together (they literally cancel each other out). Characters feel slower and more clunky than ever before along."
,Not Recommended,226320,29410553,Posted: 21 January,all,veovisx,"Was a fun light hearted game until 2.0. Now it's just not fun at all! What is the point of putting rediculiously long cooldowns on what should be fast attacks, and restricting teleporters ability to travel you are ♥♥♥♥ing kidding! Un-installed!"
76561198148229236,Not Recommended,226320,29415333,Posted: 21 January,all,SilverBlitz,"havent played much but the fact that i cant choose how much skill points i can allot for a skill is just the beginning of what their biggest update has unleashed, Whats worse is this game turns into a cancerous turd because the ceo david brevik leaves gaz which means whoever took over is doing an abyssmal job at managing this game but they are doing an astonishing job at plummeting this game into a graveI feel sad that this game was good before this happened kinda reminds me of when CoX was cancelled  except it was the publisher ncsoft that cancelled it but here its the devs trying to kill it.btw if anyone is wondering about what game to go for after abandoning this game go to path of exile it is superior in every way to this shipwreck"
76561198032415072,Not Recommended,226320,29416659,Posted: 22 January,all,margihonk,Still dissapointed with the changes they did to the game.
76561198166353771,Not Recommended,226320,29437528,Posted: 22 January,all,TJWyman,!56 hours in. Probably that much in cash. With this update I say goodbye.
,Not Recommended,226320,29994115,Posted: 17 February,all,bardacık,RIP
,Not Recommended,226320,29417886,Posted: 22 January,all,harleyx,"Marvel Heroes was a very entertaining game when it first debuted. One of it's main developers, Brevik, was one of the forces behind Diablo II, so it's no surprise the two games were very similar in many aspects of mechanics and gameplay. But unfortunately as he fell into disagreements over the direction the game's development was taking, the project went off in what I consider more of a up-sell mode, constantly pumping out new heroes and new zones without regard for game balance. This proved to be it's fatal flaw, as the game became graphically bloated, slow, and the pool of heroes was hilariously tilted toward those that were popular (those that sold). Characters like Deadpool, Spiderman, and Ironman were absurdly powerful while others remained virtually unplayable (Daredevil, anyone?)I haven't played the game for quite some time, as it became so bloated and slow that the most fun areas (Midtown madness being my personal favorite) became virtually unplayable. Not to mention the characters and gameplay became more and more polarized, to the point where you either one-shotted everything or everything one-shotted you.I don't recommend this game, unless you can somehow find a version of it from 2 years ago. That version was really fun."
76561198040917846,Not Recommended,226320,29417051,Posted: 22 January,all,KennyKyle911,"Rest in Peace Jan, 19, 2017"
,Not Recommended,226320,29516008,Posted: 26 January,all,Wick,Member when Marvel Heroes was goooooodddddd
,Not Recommended,226320,29657625,Posted: 2 February,all,JoyousPoppy48,Only a few characters are playerable in comparison with the marvel universe. And not that much multiplayer so i got bored quickly
76561198092545683,Not Recommended,226320,29935571,Posted: 14 February,all,Fullmetal Jedi,new update is crap. will not be playing anymore
76561198010266951,Not Recommended,226320,29412034,Posted: 21 January,all,Flec,"""Biggest Update Ever"" made this fun time waster into just, a time waster."
76561198237149668,Not Recommended,226320,29412581,Posted: 21 January,all,-={o.W.n}=- Lenny,I loved this game. Then I didn't play for a while. Then I heard of the new update. R.I.P Marvel Heroes 2016. You will be missed. This is my only non-recommended game I have on steam.
76561197972749565,Not Recommended,226320,29407703,Posted: 21 January,all,Get Schwifty,This used to be one of my favorite games but then the lead designers all left and it was taken over by ex EA employees that had no idea what they were doing.  They screwed the game up by removing the free exchange of prestige costumes.
,Not Recommended,226320,29414602,Posted: 21 January,all,A GOD DAMN SEXUAL TYRANNOSAURUS,"They ♥♥♥♥ed it up, worst free to play game on steam."
76561198121539044,Not Recommended,226320,29414469,Posted: 21 January,all,Don't Ban Meh,SquishyHero2017 -died in 2 shots 10/10 IGN
,Not Recommended,226320,29417475,Posted: 22 January,all,CellarDweller,Last update was atrocious
,Not Recommended,226320,29430292,Posted: 22 January,all,Draf,"I once loved this game.  I got hooked back in beta, and was entralled from the beginning.  It was the closest thing any of us had to an updated version of Diablo 2, and Brevik even brought his famed hidden cow levels with him.  As of this review, I have 767 hours in the game, and probably about $150 in it.  My friends and I have enjoyed it for hours on end, and I even had an entire inventory tab purchased to hold items for giving to friends who tried the game for the first time, to twink their characters a bit.Now?  I could never recommend this game to someone unless I hated that person.  Gazillion removed everything that made the game special, including Brevik, and instead have adopted all of the worst traits of a forgettable Diablo 3 clone, (which itself is a very mediocre game with a much better company behind it).  It has always been Marvel's MO to screw writers out of their rights to make a quick dollar (Google ""marvel comics screws writers""), so maybe that's what happened here, and Gazillion rolled over because they just didn't know better before making a deal with the devil.  Or maybe Gaz is taking Marvel's name through the dirt in some elaborate revenge plot by Jack Kirby, I don't know.If you hate yourself, and want to see slow, pathetic parodies of your favorite Marvel heroes characters, then sure, get a spoon and start digging into this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥  If you don't desperately need mental health services, and if you're looking for a proper game similar to Diablo 2, Path of Exile is worth a look."
,Not Recommended,226320,29432370,Posted: 22 January,all,Sm Izumi,♥♥♥♥ no
,Not Recommended,226320,29453427,Posted: 23 January,all,Achinhi,For ruining other people's game.
,Not Recommended,226320,29430615,Posted: 22 January,all,NordicApache,"GG. You would think that folks learned their lesson for SWG with these kind of changes. So long, and thanks for the fun times."
76561198047416578,Not Recommended,226320,29432290,Posted: 22 January,all,PXGrDn,"Turned for the worst, Uninstall"
76561198088824090,Not Recommended,226320,29402371,Posted: 21 January,all,katchafire,The latest update broke the game.
,Not Recommended,226320,29416809,Posted: 22 January,all,brhighers,terrible update
76561197999694582,Not Recommended,226320,29409817,Posted: 21 January,all,Fate,"Calm down guys. The movement change was made to introduce the new playable character, Professor Xavier... I used to be an adventurer like you, but then I took an movement nerf in the knee."
76561198070076827,Not Recommended,226320,29403526,Posted: 21 January,all,Oblivion,-sigh-
76561198034331291,Not Recommended,226320,29648277,Posted: 2 February,all,annaello,Just don't
76561198115179421,Not Recommended,226320,29408945,Posted: 21 January,all,Fizzel,"This game use to be a lot more fun. I get balancing, but this feels like a intentional way to slow down gameplay to make getting through content longer. Plus new systems give even more reasons to pay for extra stuff. Stuff you could get out of luck are now behind another paywall."
,Not Recommended,226320,29408026,Posted: 21 January,all,LEUZ,Good luck on consoles!
76561198027476224,Not Recommended,226320,29428935,Posted: 22 January,all,Hatchero,"The recent patch dumbed down the game, nefred my character for no gains. Only reason to play is if you like feeling like a hampster on a wheel grinding for aaexp for minimul gain."
,Not Recommended,226320,29424503,Posted: 22 January,all,Kroto,slow and no
76561197971070173,Not Recommended,226320,29412819,Posted: 21 January,all,Astroboy1980,Time to move on.
76561197988042614,Not Recommended,226320,29430610,Posted: 22 January,all,Desolater,stay far away until they fix what they messed up. they trashed the game with their latest greatest update everything was introduced half-butt basically took everyones crap away to force them to regrind until they can add more content in...... fun?
76561198116232842,Not Recommended,226320,29436268,Posted: 22 January,all,Machine Gun Eddie,you goofed
,Not Recommended,226320,29529152,Posted: 27 January,all,Mr. Meeseeks,update ♥♥♥♥ed it
76561198043330923,Not Recommended,226320,29429678,Posted: 22 January,all,Razguul,"With the 2.0 patch, they have ruined what used to be a fun game."
,Not Recommended,226320,29753463,Posted: 6 February,all,Phantom Legend,This game costs me my life.Literally.I choose this game over the girl of my dreams.And now it's crappy.And my dream girl is with some Brad Pitt looking dude(I just started playing this on steam so thats why my hours are low)1/10feels bad man
76561198054944677,Not Recommended,226320,29410460,Posted: 21 January,all,Turtles Are Cool,"Although I cannot recommend this game to people at the moment, the changes made in the last few days are not what is killing the game for me. I feel that many of the recent negative reviews are targeting the wrong aspects of the game. While the concerns are somwhat justified, many criticisms are half-truths. So many people are not explaining why these specific changes are an issue for the game as it has been for the last year. I played this game during beta and early release, left, and then came back to it in 2015.While the movement changes certainly have negatively affected the speed of most heroes, it makes sense that heroes such a Hawkeye, Cap, Taskmaster, Iron Man, etc aren't just zipping around the map with their dashes. Did it honestly make sense that Iron Man or Warmachine would just dash around a map instead of flying? It does suck not being able to move across the map as quickly with some people, but one of the reasons that map movement was so crucial is because few mobs in this game are actually worth killing. Minions and other small mobs simply do not offer the player anything. It is not worth killing anything that isn't a boss because they will simply drop nothing for a player. I have never seen this in any other arpg and it has been this way since I came back to this game in 2015. After leveling, bosses are pretty much the only things that will drop significant enough xp or items. You needed the movement to get to the boss as soon as possible and then kill the boss for your very small chance at loot. Sure, smaller mobs in other arpgs usually don't drop anything, but in Marvel Heroes, the only thing worth killing is a boss unless the game forces you to kill them in order to progess. A change to the way non-boss mobs contribute or provide xp or loot would make it feel worthwhile to stick around and actually kill them, thus reducing the need to constantly be moving to the next objective as quickly as possible.Another change that people have criticized is the damage done to build and item diversity. While I feel that concerns are valid, my opinion on these matters is probably different a great deal of the community. Let's take hero builds and the removal of ability points for example. Ability points were an interesting mechanic, and are something that is not present in many current arpgs these days. It is sad to see it go, but they didn't povide as much build diversity as you might think. For the past year and a half, most heroes have had somewhat predetermined builds.  When I came back to ths game, Punisher had just recently been reworked and the game was already showing signs that build choice would come down to talents. Punisher was given two diverging passive traits that augmented different powers. You could not pick both, you had to pick one or the other and maxed your powers based on these choices. I don't know if this trend was started earlier, but I feel that power choice has been somewhat limited for a long time. If you were min-maxing, chances are that the hero you were playing had a few trait determined builds, and you maxed the most efficient powers for that build. Most of the time, it was not hard to figure out what was worth maxing and putting on your bar. A lot of the slots were pretty set in stone as well. You maxed your sig, your offensive passve, and possibly your defensive passive(41-61 points). You left travel powers and dashes at one point, and then you went from there.The biggest change with the talent system is that it only allows you to use up to 1 bar. While this doesn't hurt most people, it does a select few who could utilize more than one bar. Heroes such as Rogue, Dr. Strange, and Iron Fist were able to utilize more than one bar, and this made for some very interesting game play. Now, those builds are gone, and it does hurt their gameplay for some people. In addition to this, it still feels like hero balance is way off. I have not had enough time to test most of the heroes, but I have seen drastic performance rates in those that I have played in the new cosmic content areas. If you don't have someone who can either tank up the damage, or dodge abilities, cosmic areas have too much hp and just one shot you. I've found a few exceptions, but some of the heroes that I've geared significantly can't do it easily.As far as gearing goes, let's not kid ourselves, guys. Gearing in the last year or so has pretty much been: Fragment, skrull hammer, crossbones rifle, hero unique slot 1; x-men, darkhawk, sinister, or hero unique slot 2; coat of skull, monarch cloak, hero unique slot 3; batroc's, skrull uniform, or hero unique slot 4; mask of goat, djinn, octobot controller, or possibly hero unqiue slot 5. Unique item choice was not really unique. There was a ton of gear that used to be okay, but was rendered garbage by newer hero uniques. Many any hero uniques were just straight up vendor trash. They served no purpose other than being traded in for credits or runes. Invuln cores were absolutely necessary. Artifact choice had some diversity, but you had specific sets for phys, energy, multi damage, or summoner. There was also the issue where fighting was the one stat that everyone stacked. Fighting was #1 on pets, most omega points, and even some artifacts. I don't think the update hurt artifact or unique diversity at all.My biggest gripe with the update is probably the Infinity system. While it does have some choice, it is nowhere near as indepth as the previous omega system. I also still do not like the fact that it is ""infinite"". It just reminds of Diablo's paragon system, and the paragon system has so many issues. Stacking stats endlessly is not something I agree with. Sure, there is slightly more diversity here, but it's not enough, and you will eventually end up taking everything anyway. It either needs more nodes, or a limit on how many points you can invest into each category. If the game continues as it is, this is going to be a huge nightmare for end game balancing.This leads me to what I believe have been the biggest issue that this game has had over the last year or so. The endgame and general gameplay have so many issues. When I joined, I was excited about the aspect of raids in this game, and red raid and green axis were somewhat tough at first. They got so much easier as time progressed and better items and heroes came out. It didn't help that no harder raid content ever came out. Gaz initially promised red axis and more raids, but those were thrown out in favor of more public zones and event areas. There is no reason to party with your friends outside of raids, because the only objective of terminals is to rush to the boss and kill him within one rotation. Even public zones don't really require a party outside of completing daily objectives because there are either too many people, or you could just solo the boss. As I've said before, there's no reason to kill non-boss mobs because they just don't drop anything worth picking up 99% of the time. There are so many outdated game modes that just don't offer too many rewards at the time. Even a public zone like industry city, which was new when I came back to the game, is not worth going into because it just doesn't offer much compared to midtown or hightown. Outside of somewhat rare danger room competitions or events, there just isn't much reason to switch up builds or play different heroes. It's been a long time since anything in this game has required you to party up with friends and fight something difficult.Oh well, I've ranted enough. Testing out new builds and combinations is fun for now, but the game has a long way to go before it's going to grab my attention for any significant amount of time again. If anyone actually managed to drag themselves through this wall of text, thanks for listening to my rant about how a game I loved has slowly been dyiing for over a year. This update is just disappointing and fixes few things."
,Not Recommended,226320,29405108,Posted: 21 January,all,Uncle,"ENGNo new characters, but there is a meaningless ""biggest update"" makes the game worse.Initially, there was a good idea not to nerf the characters, but make the new OP, then slightly loosen them, then pull the remaining heroes by patches, it is motivated to take the new characters, the play was fun. Now, for the sake of balance lost all fan.And who then need this balance, is that hardcore MMO?The main game developers moved on to other projects, more probably be a last attempt to extort more money. RIPRUS.Новых героев нет, зато есть бессмысленный ""самый большой апдейт"" делающий игру только хуже.Изначально тут была удачная идея не нерфить персонажи, а делать ОП новых, потом немного ослаблять их, далее патчами подтягивать остальных, это мотивировало брать новых героев, играть было весело и фаново. Теперь же в угоду балансу на фан игроков положили.А кому тут нужен баланс, это что, харкор ММО?Основные разработчики игры перешли в другие проекты, дальше видимо будут лишь попытки напоследок выкачать побольше денег. RIP"
76561198035393265,Not Recommended,226320,29413260,Posted: 21 January,all,Kalsaraan,The fall of a once great game :(
76561197992255819,Not Recommended,226320,29404317,Posted: 21 January,all,Omegafury69,What happened to Steven strange's old assistant Who was an ASIAN man. Or did we also forget that the ancient one was also an ASIAN MAN way before this silly movie. shame shame Marvel...why do I even bother playing this game anymore as you slap all ASIANS in the face for this....AND No I don't want to hear stupid excuses like oh his assistant was still in movie...NOT GOOD ENOUGH...and silly woman could have been played by a good ASIAN actor....
,Not Recommended,226320,29432233,Posted: 22 January,all,griefer,You're either going to revert these changes or the game is going to die really soon.
76561198146922094,Not Recommended,226320,29412162,Posted: 21 January,all,wellsml2,dont buy it if you wanna save ur money for something good. not this crap. :( they ruined it... :( :( :(
,Not Recommended,226320,30111593,Posted: 22 February,all,bidooof,biggest update ever:^))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
76561197990073309,Not Recommended,226320,29408105,Posted: 21 January,all,TK,Biggest Update Ever?Biggest S h i t ever
76561198104084665,Not Recommended,226320,29432111,Posted: 22 January,all,Mewcifur the fur-lotsa-fur,hahaha
76561198007504592,Not Recommended,226320,29410606,Posted: 21 January,all,jaguar779,"My true number of hours is not right, i've got a few hundred in reality with 15 different 50+ characters and i have to say, after all that time casually playing this game and now, with this update, im done.This update is complete trash, the characters have been over-simplified into cookie-cutter toons that makes me feel im playing a mobile device game and not on my PC. Where once all characters could be tweeked thanks to the infiity system and points spent into skills, now you jsut have a few traits and talents to choose from (15 different power modifers, once chosed at each tier). What once was a robust post 60 skill tree in the Omega system is now a rigid, restrictive Infinity system with little choice in comparison. it feels like someone in corporate development thought to key into the movie franchise and try to draw a connection, and in the process trashed the game.I do hope that someone in the halls of gazillion reads these posts and says to themselves ""We made a mistake""."
,Not Recommended,226320,29430892,Posted: 22 January,all,theIVIaster,"This game succcccksIt friggin suckkkksthis game sucks sucksits friggin sucksyou time is up my time is nowyou can't see me, my time is now!"
76561198042431357,Not Recommended,226320,30156032,Posted: 24 February,all,DrBonza,"Enjoyable game, NEEDS regional servers to be playable outside USA."
,Not Recommended,226320,29522706,Posted: 27 January,all,ا2B,DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. THIS IS TRASH
76561198267138362,Not Recommended,226320,29410255,Posted: 21 January,all,Elidragonrage,Garbage
,Not Recommended,226320,29514913,Posted: 26 January,all,J.C Denton.,no
76561198025235985,Recommended,226320,23912980,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,gambit444,What Diablo 3 Should have been. This game just keeps getting better and is so content rich.
76561198114286628,Not Recommended,226320,33714351,Posted: 22 July,all,Maxxfire,false ad
76561197968027933,Not Recommended,226320,29428578,Posted: 22 January,all,xabre2th,"""the biggest joke ever"" whould be the real update title....why? because they pretty much change every state effect your hero in the game...this means your hard earn gear and artifact are now obsoleted...that is the biggest killer for myself and most player who got decent gear before this update....basic for old players this update made they lost progress...there is this IDENTITY crysis on the game right now...also I'm done."
,Not Recommended,226320,29447103,Posted: 23 January,all,Apple Crack,Its cause Donald Trump got elected that this recent update exists
76561198072889262,Not Recommended,226320,30084957,Posted: 21 February,all,"Geii ""Pinoy Hunter 1.0""",wew..  nice game :)
,Not Recommended,226320,26903100,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr Grey,"I used to play this game non-stop, but after some patch changes I lost most of my interest in it... a shame"
,Recommended,226320,27206844,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HugoStrange #Cara,"Pretty cool game.You can play 100% f2p and get everything you want in this game. You dont have to spend a dime into this game and you will be fine.Very fast pace of gameplay . I am really enjoying this game.But be carefull beacuse there is a HUGE PATCH incoming like propably in the start of 2017 which will change the game ALOT.We will see how it will be, but for now BIG RECCOMENDATION.Cheers,"
,Recommended,226320,29458958,Posted: 24 January,all,󠀡󠀡Naesys,It's sad when you try play a cool game but your pc... s♡cks
,Recommended,226320,25310585,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Fr3derik,"I suggest this game just to the Marvel's fans. Can be funny the first couple of hours but turns a bit boring for me to carry on doing same stuff time after time. My 3 years old playes it  with Spiderman and Hulk :D:D Said everything :DPS: Everything u read in here is a personal statement, coming from my point of view and maybe not reflecting what the game itself looks like."
76561198076789686,Not Recommended,226320,29437341,Posted: 22 January,all,ianshao624,no chinese  fk off pls
,Recommended,226320,29447713,Posted: 23 January,all,LunarWolf,"Is there a mixed recommendation?I'd still recommend this game for those who likes challenges. On the other hand, i don't if you don't have patience.Now, I'm not against this ""Biggest Update Ever Patch"" but now I know what the players mean when they say sluggish. For me, the game now offers new challenges because the pre-patch is just getting repetitive. This patch however, the xp gain is just too slow now. I do prestiges every week during Midtown Monday. I always finish it within the day. Now, I can't even finish one hero. It's like going for a Cosmic but I can't imagine how long will it be if it's a Cosmic Prestige.Overall, I don't hate this update. The one thing I will miss is the massive XP gain for all my heroes."
76561198127732446,Recommended,226320,29402211,Posted: 21 January,all,Ole Silly Ass,"This is a very fun game. I've had it for a while now, and I don't play it every day, but it's one of those games that I still keep on my HD because of it's replayability value (especially since it's free!).  There are purchases you can make to get characters and team ups, however, almost everything in game is achievable in game. And it's not where you have to grind for 6 months 6 hours a day to get a character. In my 70 something play hours (probably 20+ is AFK time cuz I gotta take care of my little baby too) I've unlocked around 5 characters with a token or two for more? It's a very fair, balanced game in the regards. The game play itself is very fun and can be extremely face paced. You don't have to join a party to fight alongside other marvel characters. Whoever is on the same screen as you when a boss dies, for instance you all get loot. 95% of the time the loot dropped is for the character you are using, but occasionally it will give random items.  All in all, though, this game is very worth playing, even if you aren't a huge marvel fan.  Give it a try, it's free and I hope you won't be disappointed if you get the game based on my review   =)"
,Recommended,226320,29458173,Posted: 24 January,all,CFEX,"FIRST: i'd just like to say that im clicking on the recommend button so that newer players can go ahead and try the game out themselves. don't want to discourage players from trying out a f2p (well, 'freemium,' really) game. if you had to buy this game, this review wouldn't be as long winded. some of the changes aren't that bad but at this point i think that opinion is relative. i will probably continue to play the game cause a lot of the newer content hasn't actually discouraged me from continuing plus members of my supergroup will also continue playing.SECOND: the recent negative reviews are COMPLETELY UNDERSTANDABLE.what i think was the overall reason for a lot of players being upset was because of how this big change practically ALIENATED long time players/players that played before the big update. it's one thing to add content, it's another thing to basically change almost everything gameplay-wise from how many players were used to playing it for a long time.post-change opinions:omega system to infinity system - not as great as the omega system but im content with it (omega system had this 'customize/fine-tune your hero' feelilng to it)all skills/abilities are now at its highest level once unlocked at certain levels (no longer have to put 'points' in certain skills - im fine with thislimits in movement - the worst change imo. changed the tempo of the game. iirc, part of the reasoning is so that players can 'experience' some of the game's content instead of rushing through it (yea because we totally want to replay everything with different/prestige heroes at a much slower pace /s)one thing's for sure: i won't be buying anything from the game with my money anymore in this new update unless i end up getting a 90% off coupon. i have plenty of hereos that i enjoyed prior to the update and i'll just stick to them + using eternity splinters to unlock others. i've spent about a full ""console game's"" worth of money, fyi"
,Recommended,226320,29419965,Posted: 22 January,all,Dildozer,"I have been playing the game for a few months before the game launched its biggest update ever so i know how it was pre and post (not as much as those that have been here since beta but have played the game the way it was before).Right now its kinda awkward. The update went live with a lot of bugs affecting both heroes and content. The also slowed the game down because as it was before you could clear instances in minutes by skipping the whole area and going strait to the boss (also worth noting the boss had the only worthwhile loot and the trash was purely trash and served no real purpose other then to annoy) now damage output and speed of heroes has been reduced in order to slow it down and the devs can create content that wont be ripped to shreds within moments making all of their work almost pointless. However in its current state there is still 0 reward for killing trash (there used to be a chest that spawned when you kill X amount of trash that had no good loot but was also removed for some reason) and the bosses are still the only reason to run the instances (for their unique loot)Another thing that kinda bummed me out is the amount of hero breaking bugs that made it into the live update, Skills not procing at all, buffs that don’t apply etc, things that should have been ironed out before live but are there now and are  pretty annoying especially if its your favorite hero.I haven’t played the new story mode and cannot attest to the state is in now but there were also several bugs that caused the game to crash and that’s just not a good thing to go unnoticed and make it into live.As of right now i can not recommend this game but i still give it a positive review because it is in the midst of a difficult transition to scale back the game and rebuild then press on with new content. The time i have into this game i have enjoyed thoroughly and have some hope for the future. Also above all else the game is 100 FREE to play. So the only thing you risk playing the game is time, But to take note the game is in transition and things will be rocky for a while so take it with a grain of salt and see what they do next.TLDR:game is in transition for better or for worse and play at your own risk. Game is free so try it and see for yourself weather or not its worth sinking more time into"
,Recommended,226320,29444073,Posted: 23 January,all,Clonmac,"I started playing Marvel Heroes when if first game out years ago. I played for quite a while and played through the story many many times. I started with Thing and leveled him up to about level 45 and things just got really grindy. I'm not a big fan of grinding type games, but if it is done right and the progression continues, it can keep you attached to your hero. Unfortunately, progression was just so slow at that point that I stopped playing. That was about 3 year ago and I just saw that Marvel Heroes released this massive update. So I decided to install the game again and give it another shot.I'm glad I did. At first when I logged in after being offline for so long, I was greeted with a ton of system alerts that I had to sort through. I was then greeted with a message saying that my character was given a respec. I wasn't sure how to respec my hero at first and then that's when I decided to read more about this ""Massive Update"". Wow! They really put a lot of work into the character/power design since I last played it. It turns out there is no need to respec my heroes as all powers are now unlocked at their full potential immediately upon unlocking the power itself. That's awesome and really simplifies power decisions for your hero. After reading their blog about the choices they made regarding power design, it is clear these developers really think things out and their choices really make sense.I love the hero progression now. Another huge change they made is they fast paced the speed at which heroes level up. You can now fully level a hero to level 60 by just playing the story line. This is an amazing change! During my first play-through many years ago with Thing, I got burned out after a while and just as a change of pace, I unlocked Daredevil and played with him until about level 14 and then got burned out again. I think this is the biggest and best change they could have done in a game with so many heroes in it. By giving you the ability to play through the storyline and fully level and experience a hero's powerset, you gain the ability to get a nice change of pace by playing a different hero when you want it if you start to feel burned out with the hero you were playing. Just yesterday I unlocked Vision and leveled him up to level 35 in just a few hours of playing. Keep in mind it took me a year to level Thing up to level 42 when I played many years ago. This is a great change for players as well as for the developers. For the first time in playing this game, I could actually see myself spending money to unlock more heroes know that I'll actually have a change to unlock their full power potential with a little bit of play time.This game is now so much more fun without the grind and you actually feel like you're playing with the full power potential of the heroes you're using. Well done!I do think they could do well to add additional storylines into the game at some point, but being able to fully level your hero in a short period of time and simplifying these heroes down allows you to choose the powers you want to use and know that they're viable at all levels of the game. That's awesome! So much fun now! Anyone who hasn't played in a while, I urge you to give it another try after this big update."
76561198004792933,Recommended,226320,29402980,Posted: 21 January,all,Oneupkev,"Some changes following the recent huge update haven't been great, on the most part it's all very positive.Worth playing this game"
,Recommended,226320,29426603,Posted: 22 January,all,Pandamedic,"I like the new update. The difficulty has been rebalanced and you're not one shotting everything. That can be a drag. I enjoy a challenge in games and if you do, go and move that slider up to heroic and have some fun. If you like easy stuff just keep it on normal and breeze your way through.I say let all the cry babies leave and go somewhere else. They're not going to influence me and they shouldn't let you either especially if you're curious about the new changes and gameplay. One guy was actually complaining that Deadpool's scooter was traveling as fast as Captain Marvel's supersonic speed. I wasn't sure if they were being serious or not as it's clearly just a game...but you never know. The internet is full of man children who never really grew up.Have fun! See you in town!"
76561198052389114,Recommended,226320,29400991,Posted: 21 January,all,supermook13,"At over 500 hours and played a little after it came on steam, i have seen the game progress and change for the better and for the worse.Most of the neg reviews are knee jerk reaction to the game taking away movement functionality, and the omega system.As a 'casual' the omega system was great, had a lot of options, and was confusing as hell..Yeah, they 'dumbed' down the systems, nerfed movement speeds, and majorly changed the majority of characters, but if they want to pull in new players and maybe port to consoles, they had to make it more accessible!And with no influx of new players.. guess what? Goodbye to your friendly neigborhood superhero game!I love this game, and will continue to support it and recommend it to others.(and it helps that they made my first favorite char Iron Man awesome again!!)"
76561198002422867,Recommended,226320,29403660,Posted: 21 January,all,creighton_dragon,"So many people are complaining becaue their feelings are hurt.  The reviews are being subjective not objective. So what has changed?movement abilities are no longer endlessly spamable.  Yes this slows down the play, also reduces boss rushing.no more power points.  Now, once a power is unlocked you have it.  now when you want to use a  different power, you just equip it no need to respec to change set-up.reworking of stats.  In a literal sense, yes heroes do less damage, they reduced all numbers (something other online games have done due to power creep).  Playing both prior to patch and after, heroes should be able to clear the same content they were able to before.seperation of cores from costumes.  now instead of placing a costume core on your heroes costume and upgrading it, you have a new version of the core that goes into its own slot.  this allows for someone who only has one costume for their hero to switch between defensive and offensive cores without having to destroy the previous core.gear. well this biggest update is only the first part. for right now, gear has been changed to remove/replace power points.  in the next couple of months they will release Omega items which will completely replace current top tier item class, ""uniques"".  until seen in test center, any comments on how Omega items work is either from a dev or pure speculation.difficulty.  like gear, the difficulty slider is not yet fully implemented.  Currently it only has normal, heroic, and Super heroic.  These correspond to the previous green, red and cosmic.  They also provide increased XP and credits per level.  When the Omega item update occurs, it will add the Omega difficulties as well.Infinity system.  An endlessly progressible system for account based power growth post level 60.  This has completely replaced the Omega system.  While less flavorfull, and providing less impact per earned point than Omega did, this system was designed for a long term use.  whether its too long term in progression is still to be determined.I have stuck this far to only what has actually occured.  but i do want to address one other thing.  The developers, Gazillion, have NEVER announced a console version.  while it is theoretically possible that they are working on one, until such time as you see an official statement from the dev it is nothing more than rumor.TL/DR;  dont listen to the opinions of people who are upset because they ""feel"" the game is no good.  look at the facts of what has changed, give it a try and decide for yourself."
76561198042171019,Recommended,226320,29410597,Posted: 21 January,all,Ishiga,I reccomend this game because I needed to bring up a very telling thing one should look out for when reading steam reviews.The overall and recent reviews are on opposite sides of the spectrum. This is a telling phenomenon that logic dictates you should assess for yourself. Do not read these with any hope of objectivity among them. Something has changed recently and it's up to YOU to decide if this game is worth your time or not. What do you have to lose? It's free.
76561197971061865,Recommended,226320,29556245,Posted: 28 January,all,BrokenToy,"I have played and grown with this game since beta, and have loved every second of it. The big update is amazing. It has made the game fresh, and brought an old system to the modern age.  A lot of long time players are turned off by this change and just given up on the game. Change will do that. I happen to love these changes, but I know how they feel. I have played other MMO games that revamped the system, and I could not stand to play it anymore.This time around, I am enjoying the changes, and feel the game is headed in the right direction.  For us Vet players, you rather love it or hate it, but this review is not for Vet players. You already know about the game, and know where you stand.Marvel fans, this game is for youFor people new to the game you have nothing to lose installing it and trying it out.  This game has a great story, with tons of loot, different game modes, and one of the largest collection of playable Marvel characters ever. If you are a big Marvel fan and like Diablo style game play, this game is for you.I like to spend time just running around maps in the game, playing as some of my favorite characters just to have fun. I don’t complete quest or look for loot, I just enjoy the game play. Specially after reading the new comics on Wednesdays.Do you need to spend money?I have spent money in game to buy costumes, storage, and many other items. I feel good giving back to the company that allows me the open freedom to play as my favorite Marvel characters. If spending money in game is not your thing, don’t worry you don’t need to. My friends account has around 30 characters unlocked, around 5 to 6 team-up characters, over 10 pets, and 3 storage boxes and has not spent a dime.ReplayWith new characters, and content be released all the time, the game is always fresh. There is also a test server copy of the game, where you have everything unlocked and can try out future updates before they go live.OverallYou are going to see a lot of negative reviews since the Big Update, but don’t let that turn you off. Install the game and give it a few hours of play, make your own opinion on it. You will notice most of the negative reviews are from other long time players, and change does not sit easy with everyone. They had a game they loved, and are not happy with its new direction. The fact they are mad about the change tells you at one point they loved it. There are also a lot of us long time players that love the change, and feel it has made things better. For new players, you need to try it out for yourself, and see if its something you will like."
,Recommended,226320,29400830,Posted: 21 January,all,Fallen,"Whiners gonna whine. Major update is only half implemented and everyone cries the sky is falling.This update was a long time coming and much needed for many heroes, instead of everyone rolling Doom cause he was OP.Players complaining about difficulty being too hard don't understand new Omega gear will be rolled out soon replacing their current old gear.READ THE PATCH NOTES."
76561198044275123,Recommended,226320,29442307,Posted: 23 January,all,garland410,A fun game with an active community and devs that actually talk with the fans on the forums. Definitely worth a look for Marvel fans. Currently the game is being overhauled but I feel they're taking it in the right direction even if others disagree.
76561198054005779,Recommended,226320,30261372,Posted: 1 March,all,varonecl,"Great Diablo styled ARPG. Oh Yeah it was made by the same people who did Diablo. Truly a free to play game. I started out as a Free-to-Play player gaining a good majority of my characters until I decided the game was good enough to fork some cash over to for the Devs hard work. Truly the game only requires that you grind in order to unlock characters, achievements and team up heroes. When the game first released it was far different than where it is today but continues to be one of my favorite go to ARPGS. I recently purchased the Black Bolt character and have been having fun with him running through the new redesigned story mode and its locations."
,Recommended,226320,29870453,Posted: 12 February,all,Disbelief Papyrus,it's a great game
,Recommended,226320,29443014,Posted: 23 January,all,tunaep,"One of the better ARPGs on the market. Marvel Heroes gives the player a varied roster of characters to play as while destroying thugs, henchmen and villains while hunting for better loot.The F2P model feels very fair, as the developers tend to give out freebies often, and all the characters are unlockable by gathering currency in-game.All the characters have a unique look and feel to them, which is great considering that the roster is almost at 60 playable characters at the moment.The loot itself feels a bit dull sadly, as you can't really get your hands on any build defining pieces. Most items can be described as simply stat boosts.Overall, however, it is well worth giving the game a try."
,Recommended,226320,29990038,Posted: 17 February,all,Trideen,"Well, here is a review long overdue. If you want the short version, I highly recommend trying this game, as it is free, and one of the better free games on the market IMO (not quite as generous as Path of Exile, but still more than fair).I have put about $250 into the game over the last 2 years (a big chuck of that was buying the MEGA pack when it was on sale, which unlocked most of the heroes for me, along with their personal stash spaces, and some other perks as well. WELL worth the money). I didn't have to do this to get the heroes, but I could afford it, and felt it was worth it both from the perspective of my own personal enjoyment, and supporting something I was enjoying.They recently had a HUGE update which majorly changed a number of things in the game. I am not fond of every change they made (first and foremost, the changes to hero movement speed powers, which they shlowed down and limited considerably), but I understand some of their reasoning behind most of them, and overall I find myself still enjoying the game quite a bit."
,Recommended,226320,29753388,Posted: 6 February,all,CheeseAndMemes,"I was a little worried to get this game at first because of all the negative reviews, but this game was SUPER fun for me. It was a good time consumer that I could easily get used to. To me it felt like World of Warcraft but with Marvel characters, which made it better.I don't really care if other players don't play, I just play by myself most of the time and complete missions. Although I did see a fair amount of players, so I don't know why everyone is complaining so much.Overall I'd give this a 9.5/10 mainly because there's some stuff that confuses me regarding the items you get for your character. But it's really fun for me."
,Recommended,226320,29665704,Posted: 3 February,all,corpseflowerx,"I love this game, I'm so glad I'm able to play and unlock my favorite X-Men along with defeating all of their villans, along with Magneto. This game is great. Anyone that loves Marvel heroes will enjoy this."
,Recommended,226320,29425699,Posted: 22 January,all,Merrack,"Already fun game, then the revamp fixed most of my minor complaints. For a F2P MMO, this is right at the top of my list."
76561197988445850,Recommended,226320,29427941,Posted: 22 January,all,Akulio,"Love the new update. Characters now feel and play differently, instead of having the same ability with different colors all over again. Latency is bad though. :)"
76561198079583666,Recommended,226320,29849428,Posted: 11 February,all,shane.grillo,"This game has kept me entertained for the better part of three years. With the recent update, the graphics got an overhaul and the leveling system simplified. For veteran players, this was a real kick to the nuts, but if you've never played this game, you may really enjoy it. I'm still getting used to the new builds so it's too early for me to say if the BUE wrecked the game, but I'm still playing so that counts. Give it a shot, it's free after all."
76561198091182933,Recommended,226320,29446711,Posted: 23 January,all,Raccoonatic,"Cosmic Greetings! I am Leo Wyld, Raccoonatic Commander, and I have played Marvel Heroes since Beta, October 2012. I have watched this game undergo so many changes since then. So, I will lead with the dominating issues in reviews right now, the recent Biggest Update Ever. Change is a divisive force, the bigger the change, the more that is true. Some changes with the update, such as the movement adjustments, are going to be perceived as a nerf - and not totally inaccurately. That said, a game cannot be balanced solely on what benefits the player. It can, technically, but such a game will not last long. Sometimes, for the sake of balance, unpopular and un-beneficial design decisions have to be made. I think any player, new or veteran, will learn to adapt to any changes they don't love (presuming, they are bothered by them - I find I am enjoying the update a lot, and I know I am not alone). If you want to know what I am talking about, the details about the update are on the official forums, patch notes section, patch 2.0Ok, that out of the way, I will talk about the game as a whole. This is Diablo with the Marvel license and a scattering of MMO-ish features (like shared hubs and guilds). It was created, originally, by David Brevik, the visionary behind Diablo and Diablo 2, so the comparison is fair. Brevik has since moved on to other projects, but the structure he created is still there (although some might argue the latest update changed a good amount of that - it is still, ultimately, a Diablo-esque game). The Marvel license is used to full effect. 59 (soon 60) heroes, as of writing this review. Lots of buyable costumes for those heroes (Gazillion recently received a Guinness record because of the amount of costumes). And locations from the Marvel Universe from New York City (of course) to the Savage Lands to Madripoor. The graphics are not the greatest out there but true to the Marvel license (really an amazing art team behind this game). The sound includes some of the most enjoyable voice acting I've encountered in my 30+ years of gaming, a real who's who of voice actors portray all of your favorite Marvel characters excellently. Each and every hero has his own voice and large collection of voice lines.I could do a run-down of features and be here for a while. But I will just summarize - if you like Marvel or if you like ARPG's or if you like fun game, give Marvel Heroes a shot. It is free to play and download (and one of the most consumer friendly free-to-play models out there), so there is no risk in trying it. It is available on Steam and in a standalone client form on both PC and Mac and it can be played with both keyboard/mouse and controller. Without any doubt, I recommend this game to anyone. It may not end up being your thing, but it is definitely worth checking out. Became my go-to game when I discovered it 3+ years ago and it remains so. Go, #PlayMarvelHeroes"
76561198068834633,Recommended,226320,29431987,Posted: 22 January,all,BovinaSancta,"A really fun Action RPG in the style of Diablo, but set in the Marvel Universe.The game didn't start off very well (during beta and a bit after release), but now it's gotten a lot better.Especially after ""The Big Patch"", in which they removed power points and went with a system similar to Diablo 3. By which I mean the skills scale with your level, instead of putting up to 20 points in the skills you use.Now they instead have a Talents & Traits tree that you can use to augment skills you wanna use.I really recommend you try it out if you are a fan of the ""kill hordes of enemies to get loot""-type of game."
76561198114618136,Recommended,226320,29527956,Posted: 27 January,all,apoc5one,"There is a large representation of digruntled players trying to slander this great game. The recent update was a move to jump start a stagnant game. The new system is far from perfect, but it is set to make great improvements and provide for better future content. The game play, the graphics, animations, sound effects...all the things that made the game good before are the same now. If you're new to the game, you will definitely enjoy it the same way those disgruntled players enjoyed it before the patch. Some people are just very resistant to change.The bottom line is, this is the best marvel game available, and one of the best games in this genre. It's has it's problems like every other game, especially considering it's undergoing a huge overhaul, but the game is still immensly fun. Besides, it cost nothing to try it, so don't let negative reviews discourage you from at least doing that. If you like arpgs and you like Marvel, then you'll love this game."
76561198156856363,Recommended,226320,29427108,Posted: 22 January,all,Moon_Knight,"When I started playing Marvel Heroes in march 2015, I really wasn't expecting much from it..  in fact I had seen it before and decided not to try it becaue I just don't like the ARPG genre (despite having been a huge fan of Diablo and Diablo 2).  I have always been a fan of superheroes though, so when I was having trouble finding an online superhero game that I could actually get behind,  I finally gave Marvel Heroes a try... and boy am I glad I did.The game currently has more than 50 marvel characters to choose from.. what really surprised me though is how much (most if not all) of those characters actually FEEL like I imagine they should from the comics.  As an online game, Marvel Heores is consistently being reviewed, updated and patched.. while I had trouble accepting some of these changes, in the big picture, the game has only become better with time.In mid 2016 GAZILLION announced that they would be making their ""Biggest Update Ever"" in preperation for 2017.  They spent the next several months informing the players of what exactly the ""Biggest Update Ever"" would involve.  There were cheers.. there were Jeers.. and many players (like myself) just decided to ""wait and see"".  They let players test the update and took feedback before going live, and some of the players felt like they were being ignored, but Gazillion made many of the recommended changes as well.Well 2017 is here and the ""Biggest Update Ever"" has begun to hit.  GAZILLION has decided to implement the BUE in stages (does that still make it ONE update?).  This portion involved an overhaul of every single heroes powers. as well generally cutting down the mobility of characters.  After having played more than 30 characters under this new system, I'm glad to report that I'm generally happy with it. The movement reduction was a little annoying at first, but I've gotten used to it.  There are improvements that I could/will recommend to Gaz, but they did a good job overall.Oh.. about those improvements that I plan on recommended to Gaz, unlike most games I've played,  I'm actually relatively confident that Gaz will at least listen.  I've seen GAZILLION disagree with players.  I've seen them drag their feet.. but I've also seen them implement player suggestions. If nothing else, GAZ will listen, and they will try things.P.S. :Review was edited to cut down on it's incredible length."
,Recommended,226320,29427029,Posted: 22 January,all,Slepnir JK,"I love the new changes. It brought improvements to many characters whom I would not have played previously, and the other changes make me look forward to what sorts of challenges they will bring into the game in future."
76561198162570205,Recommended,226320,29427403,Posted: 22 January,all,Giladre,טקשי
76561197989663747,Recommended,226320,29400707,Posted: 21 January,all,Xaalen,"Don't listen to all the whiners complaining about the latest update. They drastically simplified a lot of the game's unecessarily complicated systems. The game feels a lot more modern now and still has plenty of build diversity. Getting around the map is still just as quick as it used to be, maybe faster; not sure why people are complaining about movement nerfs.Anyway, the game is still perfectly playable, it's just a little more Diablo 3 than Diablo 2 now. Same game, shallower learning curve, less barrier to entry, but still very diverse."
,Recommended,226320,29661451,Posted: 2 February,all,Wip3y!!!,There seems to be alot of bad reviews about this game and i dont really no why for me this has everything in it that you would want i think people want to much from free games these days all i can say is i love Marvel Heroes 2016 and will for a long time so keep up the good work :)
,Recommended,226320,29410772,Posted: 21 January,all,Pironeko,"So Marvel Heroes 2016 just got a massive update. And what you'll see in recent steam reviews is a lot of crying, because previously mobility was incredibly overpowered, and the only way to play was to stack damage and blink all over the place to avoid being one shot. While fun and difficult, it was incredibly one note and the only thing keeping me from not being bored was the sheer amount of heroes that the game allowed you to play.Not only did the recent update revamp absolutely everyone to some extent, it brought mobility within reasonable bounds, gave me a reason to actually /walk places/ and position myself, gave meaning to defensive stats as well as offensive stats, and honestly the damn thing runs a hell of a lot better. I'm having much more fun with Marvel heroes than I ever have before, and not because wah mobility and one shots, but because forcing us to actually have to think and move, in addition to changing mobility to a more thoughtful decision allows me to play the game in a whole new slew of ways I never did before. And Iron Fist is STILL awesome. Great job Gazillion, great game overall. Would definitely recommend."
76561198065042799,Recommended,226320,29527750,Posted: 27 January,all,mortisrex,"I actually love the Update. I started by prestiging my characters, and see what playstyles they offer now. I enjoy even more of them than before.the Movement-Update is not a big problem either, sure, bossfights become a little more challanging, but its still easy doable, just not all faceroll now.I look forward to further new content, which will be easier implemented, when all heroes have a mostly equal powerlevel."
76561198058348158,Recommended,226320,29945579,Posted: 15 February,all,darkjoy888,"I have been playing the past few years off and on. Althought some of the new changes are different, and I would prefer some of the old mechanics, I think the game has improved massively since i started. Reading some of the negative reviews alot of people are complaining about the movement changes. IT WAS POOR GAME DESIGN. You should never have been able to infinite teleport across the map to begin with, but then only be able to do it on 20% of the heroes.Anyway it has a good F2P model. It isn't P2W at all. I would recommed if you are into marvel comics"
76561198026967122,Recommended,226320,30103054,Posted: 22 February,all,DJ Freshosaurus Rex,"I played this game in Beta and again for a spat in 2014. I recently started playing again this week and I love it. Regarding all the negative reviews as of late, try the game for yourself.. Sure the most recent patch did a gear reset and changed a lot of things. But if you are just starting or restarting it will not be in issue. This game is super fun and the loot is addicting! Will play again."
,Recommended,226320,29444559,Posted: 23 January,all,kombatfighter,"So I've played this game long before Steam even acquired it and did it's tracking. I have more than hours spent on this game than it says. What killed me about this game before the Jan 2017 update was the OP gear and the unlimited movement abilities that just made the game boring as hell in the end. Someone posted in a negative comment about how this game was a flavor of the week game for him. MH should not be a flavor of the week game at all and should be competitive to other games of it's genre. These nerfs that everyone refers too really does make the game harder and a bit of a challenge now. No more mindless grinding of a 1000 mobs on the screen and can't tell wth is going on. There's still times however, depending on the area and characters that there's too much spell effects or toons to see the bosses. I think they need to put an option in the game to do a soft outline of bosses during fights. The complaints on forums about this game have finally been addressed in 1 big patch that many players don't like all the changes. Perhaps they rushed these changes since it is coming to console? Overall, I really do feel like I need to think during gameplay and not just spam buttons. This patch has changed the core of the game that I thought had potential but now definitely should be taken into consideration against it's competition of being absolutely enjoyable."
76561198067800797,Recommended,226320,29744701,Posted: 6 February,all,The_Ruiner_who_Ruins,"Look. I've played and enjoyed this game for how ever many hours it says in this review. Then I got a little bored and stepped away from it . This new update has taken some adjustment. But it's also given me an excuse to come back and try some new things. Loki, for example has gone from a 'meh' character to someone I play constantly. The new talent system needs some tweaking, but I love the layers of customization it grants.There will always be people that hate change and only want the thing they're used to. And to be fair they still have a few passes to iron out the clunkiness in terms of some characters. But in all honesty if this update didn't come along and shake things up, I'd be playing something else."
76561197997288575,Recommended,226320,29437514,Posted: 22 January,all,Promethian,"So I'm not one of those 1000 hours people but I'm not some nobody who never plays either as you can see. Thus I come to say my piece. People dislike change. The game just changed in a very big way. I'll try to hit some of the big points.The biggest complaint is ""they hit the mobility!"" Yep they did. What these people don't say is what that means for gameplay.First is that by standardizing travel ability no character has an automatic advantage here. This is a big deal, many characters were passed over because ""too slow, I'll just use a teleporter."" If you don't think this doesn't happen I suggest checking the backlog on the official forums. There are loads of threads of people saying they want to play a certain character but they can't travel like Deadpool or Cable so it just feels too slow. Teleporters could blaze through a zone so much faster than other characters it was a stark comparison. Like 3-5 seconds for a teleporter and 30 seconds for a runner.Second thing under mobility is people don't like the limited dashes. The devs explained this one and it makes sense if you care about something more than ""i go fast."" Every character has mobility limited in some way now. Why? Because infinite rapid mobility means for fights to be a challenge they have to be designed to throw lots of things non-stop at the player. This led to screens full of death that you can only defeat by constantly dashing around throwing the occasional attack into a break. In fact that is another common piece of feedback from the official forums that people didn't like. Enemies now have attacks that aren't super rapid spammy. Many projectiles are slower now and we have the option to evade them outside of pre-emptively spamming dash. Some boss mechanics are more interesting as well. Living Laser instead of just doing no warning laser blasts now does a beam he channels and chases you with, but with a limited tracking speed. Amazing how infinite power means a boring game eh?As I am writing this I realize I could make this go on far longer than anybody could be reasonably expected to read. So this last paragraph will be a summary of the point I am trying to make. There are reasonable explanations about everything the people who are afraid of change are whining about. Almost all of it has been addressed directly by the devs in conversation with the players on the official forum. This wasn't some big change that they just threw at us without considering feedback. It is the compiled changes built up from years of feedback designed to address the problems people have been identifying and allow the devs to create better content. My final point is to look at the example of another big game. League of Legends makes big changes to the game every season. Why do they do this? Because stagnant metagames lead to dead games."
76561198035941785,Recommended,226320,29524023,Posted: 27 January,all,InvariusJones,"This is a must play game for any comic book fan.  Whether you've dreamed of cutting through swaths of demons with Wolverine, or blasting away Hydra soldiers with Iron Man, the game does an excellent job of portaying your favourite Marvel Heroes in a fun, fast paced ARPG.    There's a huge roster to choose from and a variety of game modes to try out whether you're into survival arenas, raids, and so on.The community of the game is excellent - the devs are highly communicative and interact a lot with the players on forums and occasionally in game.  A recent update has been somewhat controversial.  The pace of the game has been slowed down and it's a lot less frantic than it was previously.  Depending on your play style, some people don't like it as much but the core game play remains nearly identical, it's just at a more deliberate pace.  Personally I find the game more enjoyable as it requires you to be more strategic with your skills and is less reliant on spamming dashes and AOE powers to survive.  There's some tuning still to be done but after spending 2400+ hours, the game feels refreshing again.  Highly recommend for anyone wanting a unique ARPG featuring some of your favourite Marvel Heroes and Villains."
,Recommended,226320,29437728,Posted: 22 January,all,serith78,"Played the game a couple of years ago, couldn't get into it back then.  Came back when the ""biggest patch"" came out and the game is way better then it was previously.   Removing things like power points was a good idea, likewise with limiting the number of powers slotted to 8 and giving medkits their own button.  Feels way more streamlined and fun to play now - more like an action RPG and less like a bulky/clunky MMO.Gamepad control works surprisingly well, after a bit of practice it's pretty good even for ranged attacks, feels great for melee heros."
76561198319978248,Recommended,226320,29404905,Posted: 21 January,all,ivory towers,this is a brilliant game 10/10 can't wait for marvel heros 2017 gonna be great this a rare tipe of game you don't get much nowadays i would definetly recomend this to someone who is looking for a great marvel superhero game
76561198048926924,Recommended,226320,29661338,Posted: 2 February,all,Vesa,"This game started off rough years ago but has been a blast since I started back in 2014. Recently the game came out with an update. At first I wasnt sure if I liked it or not but after giving some time the game is better then ever! Sure things are not perfect but this update is for the long term of the game. Try not to rush into hating something before you really give it a shot. I have over 2,000 in the game I just dont play on Steam."
,Recommended,226320,29419290,Posted: 22 January,all,ToXiC,Just started playing and having fun. Seems like people are just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off they can't kill stuff in 4 seconds anymore from in game chat.Don't let the negative reviews steer you away if you are new.
76561198085866074,Recommended,226320,30161181,Posted: 25 February,all,The Mikouz,"Lots of characters to play with, addictive loot system, fan service everywhere, and it's free.This game is a pretty fun game to play if you like the marvel universe (like I do). However if you're not a Marvel enthusiast, all that you will find here is  a repetitive and pretty basic hack'n'slash, and there are better games like that (even for free) out there.Anyway it's a free to play game, so you can always make your own opinion by testing the game."
76561198114158637,Recommended,226320,30075368,Posted: 21 February,all,devilsneeze,"I used to love playing this game when I'm tired of competitive modes in other games - it felt casual, fast-paced, and overall rewarding to play casually. After the 'Biggest Update Ever' it feels the game slowed down drastically and playing the game doesn't feel relaxing or rewarding anymore, general changes to items and scaling of powers after the BUE happened only confuses the playerbase more and more - the devs are not transparent about the changes; rarely did they explain or elaborated on their actions even when a majority of players reacted negatively and demanded explanations. The most detailed overview of the game's 'vision' going forward was that the changes are supposed to help new players catch up to veteran players while providing more challenging 'new contents' for veteran players - what actually happened was the devs ignoring any suggestions that doesn't allign with their actions (perhaps even exacerbated problems in spite of negative comments). When certain groups of people complain about how certain heroes feel weak, one or two veteran player would come along and claim that they have no problems with those heroes then the devs would just assume the hero being discussed is actually over-performing and end up actually nerfing those heroes instead of fixing them. What they need to work on is better communications with the player base; the company needs to provide clearer details on where they intend for the game to head towards, what changes they believe will help guide the game towards that goal, and in their perspective, how the changes will achieve those goals.The game is different from other ARPG in the sense that you have a lot of heroes to choose from; however, don't be fool by the options you have because if you ever intend to invest time into this game and achieve 'endgame' you probably will be forced to focus on one specific hero due to the amount of time required to actually gear one hero. I fell in love with this game for the variety of heroes I potentially could have chose from but ended up being heartbroken because once you get a feel of how strong certain heroes are, it gets difficult to go back to playing a less fun hero (less fun as in under performing and requires a lot more effort for what I assumed was a casual game).Personally, I love Marvel's heroes so I'm sticking to this game. If you are fans of the Marvel universe's many characters and is considering this game to live out your childhood Marvel fantasies, it still is a good game. If you are planning on investing a lot of time and money on this game - you still should but keep in mind that the developers of this game might do things that are hard to understand and often frustrating and don't get emotionally attached to the gameplay of this game."
76561198009499565,Recommended,226320,29541619,Posted: 28 January,all,Happy Hate Bot,"I've sunk a ton of hours into this game. Probably more here then almost any other game on Steam, and probably a few of my top contenders combined. From launch, to today, and if things continue to move in the direction that they're in... I'll probably continue to put time and effort into this game. I tend to view things in an incredibly simple fashion, however, so let's hope that some of this helps people wanting to make a choice on whether to spend money on this game (it's free to play - you lose nothing by trying it out; I encourage you thus to do so if you are even considering it).All scores given are for the current version of the game, as of the writing of this review on Janurary 28th, 2017 in the era of the Cheeto Hamster.Gameplay - 76%; There are quite a few options of playstyles available, and within those are nested multiple characters or even build paths for those characters that can generate some real long-term interest and satisfaction. There are also realistically multiple things you can do in the game (while levelling and at end-game), despite what a lot of the vocal portion of the population will tell you (a fact that can be said about any game). Rough spots exist at present, however, and sometimes it can be difficult to tell what you can be doing, and what you should be doing early on.Development - 73%; The development team has gone through a lot of changes. They've made a lot of dumb decisions in the past, and presently. But after getting some time on the ground with those changes, and putting some serious thought  into it, a lot of those really did have a positive impact on the play experience of the game (even if they torpedoed their own public image). I'll probably never fully agree with the developers, but I do trust them to at least be logical and rational. Which is a lot more then I can say for some companies in this day and age.Theme - 87%; From voice-acting to the play experience of many characters, and even little touches and nods to canon in the environment that are blink-and-you'll-miss-it things... this is a game that's not just built to cash in on a property. It's a game where someone let a bunch of fanboys with the right talents into the office and gave them a job. It's probably the one sole thing that keeps making me smile every single time I load the game up.Replayability - 64%; Okay, I may be biased. I have a ton of time sunk into this game and at this point, I have collected every thing I care about and done literally all but a handful of things in the game (at the highest difficulty). But right up until the end here, it has been fun. The only problem I have now at the top of this hill is wondering what else to do now. If you do not like games with a fair bit of repetition, or do not like the 'chase' of grinding for gear, you're probably going to run into similar problems far earlier then I did.Monetization - 79%; Games and games companies are designed to make money for someone, somewhere, or they don't get to continue on. I don't have an issue, therefore, with a Free to Play game that offers microtransactions. For the most part, however, Gazillion has been very honest about only offering you precisely two kinds of microtransactions - cosmetic or time savers. With the exception of purely cosmetic items (costumes and similar) and gambling items (cards), there is absolutely nothing you can't earn in-game with some time and hard work. And even some of those (Card prizes) have options available either before, or after their release, to offer you a variant so that the item itself is rarely truly out of your reach (and the more recent ones have 'streak break' currencies attached so that if you have particularly foul luck, you can still get that one thing you were chasing). All in all, their model has proven acceptable to me in the long run. The prices are often a bit skewed, but I have never really felt bad about any of the money I have spent on this game.Overall - 75%; I grade on a harsh scale when I'm being honest and objective with myself. Of the things that matter to me in the spending of my free time, these are just a few of the things I feel the most important to talk about here. I think that, in spite of all the changes as of late... the game is still doing well. Is it perfect? My god, no. They need to do a ton of polish after the most recent patch to get back up to 'pretty good' again.But all the groundwork has been laid, the house is taking shape again. Is it worth a fistful of dollars still? Sure, from my perspective. And it's definately still worth playing for me. Worth a fair shot to download and try out yourself, as well."
,Recommended,226320,29424780,Posted: 22 January,all,Corley,"I played this game during beta and found it fun and enjoyable.  I trailed off as I didn't have a lot of time to play when it came out.  I played it off and on since then and still had fun, but found some of the systems to be overly complex and I never used them.  The Omega Point system was crazy complicated.  Unless you got a build off of the internet, it would take hours to read through everything to make a decision.  Up until the latest update I only had one character at level 60, but since the update, I almost have my second at 60.  The game feels refreshed and easier to understand.I don't know how people can say the game is slower now.  I was zooming all over as Wolverine and riding his motorcycle around the map with ease.  When I leveled Cable, I remember slogging through the first area in Madripor for days, trying to figure out where to go.I would take all the negative reviews with a grain of salt, because that is what is causing them.  Salty veterans that liked to play a certain way and only that way.  Now that way isn't the best way to play the game and the don't like that they have to look up new ways to play.It also seems that they all got together to complain about the same aspects of the game and standardize their wording.  Every negative review about the update, looks like it was written by the same person.Try the game.  It’s fun and easier to figure out now."
,Recommended,226320,29413320,Posted: 21 January,all,stormiesttub,"The new update is NOT THAT BAD! People just do not like change, so they simplified hero builds and streamlined maps. Before the update you were consitantly checking fourms and google to figure out what the hell was going on! now not so much.SO much non sense hate for something that has been live for 3 days. People wont give the devs any time they want everythng to be perfect.Seriously though, if you enjoy marvel comics/movies and you enjoy ARPGS like diablo, then give this a shot, pay to win does not exist here, it is laggy at times even on high end pcs but what do you expect when their is only one server for a free the play game with a huge name like marvel on it?stop reading all these crybaby reviews and try it for yourself!"
,Recommended,226320,29661499,Posted: 2 February,all,[318] gliu,"If you like the Marvel universe, this game is for you. The developers are constantly updating and improving the game. The hero roster is huge and still growing. The MH community has to be the one of the best in the history of video games."
,Recommended,226320,29459477,Posted: 24 January,all,ParadoxCrusader,"Initially i was like everyone else and hated the new update.  I hated the movement nerf and the nerf to one of the heroes i played because it made him unplayable for me.  However, with more experimenting, i actually found that the trait system actually did improve the builds for some of my other characters and actually made them more enjoyable and so i found a new hero to main.While it is a disappointment that some heroes did seem to get nerfed while others got buffed, this is the normal for MMOs.  You are constantly having to go through changes with your characters and adjust to them and find a new best way to play them, or to switch classes and find a new favorite class.  While sure it may not always be something you want to do, it does keep the game fresh.If you constantly play the same heroes because they are overpowered and can't handle a nerf to them, then maybe this game isn't for you.  However, there are 60 heroes to choose from and it is not terrible difficult to level them to 60 and get at least decent enough gear to do the cosmic trial.  I leveled a hero and beat the trial within a single day albeit a long day after the patch, so i don't think the movement nerfs are as bad as people originally felt they were.Yes it is an inconvience, but that is about it.  Getting around the map is still easy with your R movement and if you have a flying hero it is nearly as fast as the teleporting was.  I personally prefer the new powers tree with the traits to improve your powers.  It actually makes it really easy to set up a build on your own, without having to spend hours experiementing.While there are some things i will miss including the movement and the omega system, i think i can get use to it since there were some positive sides to the patch as well.  If you are new to the game you should enjoy it since you wont miss the stuff that was there before.  And if you are a returning player, i suggest experimenting with your builds before you instantly judge it as being a horrible update, since there is some positives that came from the traits they added."
76561198101678282,Recommended,226320,29835018,Posted: 10 February,all,CapnScurvyDan,"I came here specifically to write that this game isn't as awful as these latest reviews would have you believe. (Particularly for something that is going through major system changes.) I'd recommend this game if you're looking for a semi-casual super hero ARPG. I came to this game during it's beta because I was a huge fan of Marvel Ultimate Alliance 1 and 2, as well as the X-Men Legend games. While it started off rough, it has only gotten better over time. I'd say if Diablo 3 is something you enjoyed as well, you'll find something here to your liking.As a free to play game, a super hero game, and an ARPG all rolled into one, I'd say give it a shot as there's no expense to you besides a time investment to see if you like it or not."
76561198218116456,Recommended,226320,29429743,Posted: 22 January,all,Shep: The Gaymer [VgC],I only like this game because I can have Carnage in my team and play as Venom and Spider-Man.
76561197972718369,Recommended,226320,30230516,Posted: 27 February,all,The Arkham Knight,Amazing game
76561198118619271,Recommended,226320,29963302,Posted: 16 February,all,Derp,played a bit. I think i like it
76561198027817952,Recommended,226320,29531223,Posted: 27 January,all,pysali,"I've put a couple of years and thousands of hours into the game. January 2017 they launched a large update to streamline the game, make it more new player friendly, give them the ability to adjust and release characters more quickly and yes, put charges on things like movement/dashes powers, grenades and other misc. items. Also make it easier to port to a console in the nearish future.Every characters trees have now been condensed down to two offering different flavors of a characters origin/theme and a third that crunches all the passives and offers tweaks in the form of talents. So as a prime example: RogueRogue's first tree is now filled with powers from one of her longest iconic periods, when she only had flight and super strength. Is this how you wanna roll with your Rogue? Cool, they got you. Her 2nd tree is now full of powers for her more recent iconic image, recalling other peoples moves. The beautiful part is with the update you now only need to steal powers once and they're stored in a handy drop down list. It's a nice compromise for the issue of different builds, even if I still hold out hope for spec switching. Her third tree? All the passive powers (again absorb once, keep forever) and her talents such as changing her Signature (which is default energy) to either physical or mental damage.Now, let's move on to the big ol' elephant that's eating all the snacks...Movement changes. Yes, they added in charges to dashes and other movement powers. Pretty much everyone has three, some have more, many can augment theirs with talent choices. The dashes come back fairly quickly, but if you're used to spamming them, you'll run out often. I have some characters that I struggle with because I'm used to being dash happy on and others that I adapted away from. There's also a 'wind up' before using a travel power. It's honestly barely noticible and since travel powers no longer spend a heroes resource (many heroes moved away from default spirit) you can cruise wherever. Caveat - I haven't tried or noticed with teleporting travel powers so I don't have an opinion either way.Summoners - For many summoner heroes you can use talents to call in and 'keep' pets out. Luke Cage as a prime example has a talent that allows him to choose to have IronFist or Misty Knight out. Pick one and any time you engage they'll come in and stay with you until defeated.Speaking of defeat many summons and all the team ups if defeated will then activate the 'away' mode powers so they'll still come into a tricky fight and help as much as their away powers would normally allow. For people talking about getting the most bang out of team ups by owning a bunch of them, they've probably forgotten that you also need to unlock 39 heroes to get the maximum 200% permanent xp boost for your account. They just did it again for Team Ups with a cap of 50 team ups to reach max bonus. How many you have is up to you ultimately, since a team up can be paired with anyone and everyone at all times. Plus there's (at the time of this writing) three to four you can get in the game by playing and/or grinding (Pirate Deadpool, Movie Groot & a Firestar variant from achievements and a generic shield agent in the third chapter). Plus log in rewards will eventually net you at least two more. You don't have to spend a cent.Ditto on a hero. At the end of the tutorial they give you 400 splinters, then seventh log in you will get another 200 I do think removing the free hero unlock was uncalled for and not a great move, but when I started back in June 2014 um..that's what I had to do. I played the tutorial and got 400 splinters and then seventh day log in I got another 200. They just reverted it to the way it was a couple of years ago...that's it. Seriously. Also splinters still drop frequently and actually drop in multiples way more, so while removing splinters from log in and story rewards absolutely sucks, they're still remarkably easy to get ahold of.All regular powers and the signature unlock at 30. Then talents unlock steadily every several levels until you unlock your ultimate at 60. That's probably one of the things I really don't enjoy. The talents are wonderful overall, but having only them to look forward to and a long dry spell before getting the ultimate is rough. I miss level 52 ultimates tremendously. And if you're doing a cosmic prestige not having that ultimate for another eight levels makes the commitment to finishing really hard. This is obviously, like everything else, just my opinion.We only have eight slots for powers on a single bar, but all powers unlock so you can easily hop out of combat and throw a different set of powers on. The omega system has been replaced by a smaller infinity system...Here's the thing. I miss the flavor text and call outs of the Omega system, but I don't actually miss the Omega system itself. Much like multiple power bars, it definitely had its perks, but most of the time you'd really only see it being used in either incredibly limited (everyone uses X nodes) or as the backbone for an elitist arguement (you can't possibly play X character without two bars, you'll only be a burden or why don't you have X completely maxed out? Oh I can afford all the extra perks after the 'required' nodes because I have a bazillion omega points). The infinity system initially felt underwhelming, but honestly, I was pre-programmed to quickly hit the best nodes per character before the change, simply having a boring, smaller layout actually doesn't bother me at all because it's still just quickly hit the best nodes. Though now, you can do it from Level 1! Which is actually really nice.TL;DR - There was a huge update. Many things got changed. A ton of bloat was removed. Some things are controversial because it feels like they aren't catering to the original crowd. Other things are controversial because this just happened and their will need to be an adjustment period, the same way team ups, cybernetic pets and other significant changes have required an adjustment period.Also, and really, this is just me, but I'm glad they reduced the speed of travel powers. It was trashing my load times and the lag was unbelievable. Yes, yes, better PC yadda yadda, but you know, if your PC runs it awesomely right before they raised the cap and then it dramatically drops afterwards, maybe the answer isn't 'get a new pc nub' especially in our current world economic environment. Broader perspective and remembering the changes that have been getting steadily made will make the newest update no big deal."
,Recommended,226320,29661957,Posted: 2 February,all,Zempi,"Amidst all the negative reviews flowing in lately, I'm gonna toss in a positive to help out the games rep.. I've played myself for 4 years+ and it's always fun to hop back in and slap some goons around as your favorite Marvel heroes (and villains). If you're a fan of Marvel comics at all and you're here on Steam you should give it a shot, it's free!"
,Recommended,226320,29505833,Posted: 26 January,all,arbehehehe,"i recommend it, but pleaseeeeee remove the movement power cooldowns. i dont mind about infinity system changes.please remove the restriction of movement power. you literally changes the gameplay 100x slower than before and its boring now. again, please remove the movement restriction. all other things are ok except the movement. so again and again, please remove the movement restriction."
,Recommended,226320,29846230,Posted: 11 February,all,AE86 (Swerto),"This review is for the 2017 2.0 BUE patch.Marvel Heroes in the midst of the largest update the game has ever seen. This update has drastically changed the way all heroes function and promises to change the way all gear functions. There have been major stat changes and simplifications to previous systems.While a lot of veteran players are complaining about these changes, as with most games I recommend looking at both what developers and the veterans are saying and make your own opinoin. Personally I find a lot of the changes to be for the better, even if there are ones I disagree with.Now is the best time to pick up Marvel Heroes brand new and give it a shot, it is extremely fast and easy to get into now that specializations have moved away from the old point system and into D3 style talent system. The changes to stats have also made it easier to crit cap and make the stats you stack make sense for each hero.As far as the movment changes, they are for the better. The old movement system trivialized content, and now that most heroes are limitied to 3 dashes before having to wait on a cooldown content can be balanced around that. These changes weren't made in a vacuum, movement based heroes are allowed to still use their movement builds as many of them refresh their dash cooldowns by going through rotations - X-23 and Nightcrawler being examples. Everyone else only really abused the movement system to jump around without ever taking damage, now that defense has been improved and movement powers (while limited to a 3 charge system on a slowly refreshing cooldown) now give full invulnerability for their animation as well as break CC to compensate.The game is still in the middle of these changes, and there are a lot more to come including Omega gear which will replace the current high-end unique gear, and promised changes to raiding to come with these gear changes. I expect the game to continue to improve, pick it up and give it a try - it's free after all. Do not listen to the people saying this is a game destroying update."
76561198133918765,Recommended,226320,29688923,Posted: 4 February,all,darkwolf3d01,This is a fun game as it allows you to play as any hero or anit-hero you like.
,Recommended,226320,30116466,Posted: 23 February,all,The Yeti on a Boat,"Honestly, this game has recieved such hatred from the fanbase recently. I don't feel it. I play this game like crazy. It's easily my favorite game. I get the negative response immediately after the update but TBH, it's really not that bad. I hated the update at first as well but now after playing more, I realised that really it's not bad. The game has changed, whether it is good or not is subjective and based on whether you've played before the update or not. If you are joining now, the game is at it's simplest IMO and I've found characters that used to be annoying to play to be quite enjoyable. On the downside, I disagree with the removal of multiple power bars as this has limited my selection. Nevertheless, I think the majority of this game has been changed for the better, even if small things have made the game suffer needlessly."
76561197968428985,Recommended,226320,29431038,Posted: 22 January,all,Filthy Casual,"This patch diden't change anything. This game has always been trash and always will. GG lads, 9/11 would refund Kappapride"
76561198037233620,Recommended,226320,29972471,Posted: 16 February,all,StarDad,"I love this game!  The variety of heroes, the costume choices, the speed of leveling, the voice actors, etc., all come together to make for an enjoyable, fast paced, challenging, and FUN game.  The Biggest Update Ever did NOT ruin this game, it changed it - for the BETTER!  Before the Update, I'd given up on several heroes because they seemed weaker and/or less interesting to play; however, the Update has refreshed almost every hero for the better.  And changes are still happening.  I look forward to what's in store.If you love Marvel Comics and the Marvel Cinematic Universe, I strongly recommend you give this game a try."
76561198060578547,Recommended,226320,29661663,Posted: 2 February,all,GenieWH,"I started playing Marvel Heroes back when it was released and although I did not put many hours into it then or now, I do log in from time to time. New heroes, plethora of updates and changes that the devs put in to make it better also shows that the devs listen, as well as interact with their community. Like all games, the devs do what they feel is best for the community and its game, and sometimes there are pitfalls. But GAZ and the dev team know what they have for a vision leading into the future of Marvel Heroes and how they want to approach new content going forward. The latest patch was a large one with many large scale changes that were mixed with positive and negative responses, but overall the development cycle of the game is leading towards a more profound and fleshed out game that new players and veterans will be enjoying from here on out.People hate change and most of the time change is met with scorn before anyone really has a chance to check things out. Most of the people, myself included, that had the chance to dive in have really enjoyed it.Also, new characters."
76561198116661439,Recommended,226320,30092948,Posted: 21 February,all,3DynamicForces,Highly addictive. Fun to play :)
,Recommended,226320,30107654,Posted: 22 February,all,Malicesin,"I personally think the game is in the best state it has ever been it right now.  If you haven't played it, now it the time."
76561198092803176,Recommended,226320,29413635,Posted: 21 January,all,Brainworm,"A lot of players are really butthurt about this new update.  Just try the game for yourself.  It's free to play.  I enjoy the new update personally.  If you like ARPGs and Marvel characters, it's worth putting at least a few hours into."
,Recommended,226320,29650003,Posted: 2 February,all,Doowie,"If you really enjoy the Marvel universe and the Diablo style of play, then I would highly recommend this.The store isn't required, unless you want to play a specific hero straight away. However; it's still very enjoyable and the replayable is there from the get go."
76561197963595240,Recommended,226320,29878345,Posted: 12 February,all,Mirror Saw,"This is a great game. There was a recent update (called BUE going forward in this review) that caused a lot of controversy.I've played roughly 40 hours since the changes and can say that IMO, the game has never been better.Customization:Each hero has a variety of powers and traits that can be customized to your liking. Before the BUE, you had to spend points (0-20 per power with additional points also available through items). You also could use up to 3 bars of powers.After the BUE, you pick from a smaller pool of overall powers, without having to assign points. You are also limited to 1 bar (8 powers). These are further modified by 5 traits. Traits can change the way powers work completely, or just enhance them slightly depending on choices.I prefer the power selection process after the update. Before the update, you could potentially spend hours trying to find the power set that works for you, reassigning the points etc. This is fine if you have only a handful of heroes. With about 60 heroes released (I have 57), I honestly couldn't be bothered to even try and would generally just find a build online that someone else created and use that. I suspect many, many other players did the same. Both systems have their merits, I prefer the new method but can understand how other preferred the old method.Movement:The movement changes didn't affect me. I haven't noticed the change as I never boss rushed, or used builds that were built around the dash abilities. The latest update also makes boss rushing less attractive (more on this later) making the movement changes seem even less impactful for me.Difficulty:With the BUE upgrade difficulty levels were reworked. This left many players feeling their heroes were now underpowered. New players won't notice this, although I do feel the items to difficulty progression is easier to follow now as the difficulty slider tells you what kind of items you will receive. This indirectly tells you what you should expect to gather before trying the next difficulty (ie. a heroic level you can get cosmic and unique items - hence you should probably have a full set of these before you try cosmic difficulty). There are additional levels of difficulty coming in the future to further challenge players.Shield Supply Drop Update:Shield Supply Drops (SSD) have been added with the latest update. This is a set of experience gathered for doing anything in game. This however grants experience based on the number of mobs you defeat etc. Rushing bosses actually will work against completing an experience level for the drops.The SSD have a great selection of items that help ease the transition between difficulties further. In contrast to what some people believe (mainly due to poor wording on the release), you still receive experience in other modes (leveling or infinity) while collecting for SSD.In order to activate SSD, you have to buy SSD boosts (and right click the experience bar to turn it on). These can be purchased for Gs (real money currency), or you can receive them in game through fortune cards purchased with Cube Shards (which you get for completing terminal missions).All in all, if you are a long term player you may be annoyed at the recent changes, or you may enjoy the recent changes (I'm in this camp). New players won't notice the changes and should just give the game a try and see how they enjoy it. There are many, many people enjoying the game right now (despite what the doomsayers will attest to) and I'd recommend it to anyone (Note: more than half of my total overall games playing time on steam - roughly 1200 hours - has been dedicated to this game)."
,Recommended,226320,29414438,Posted: 21 January,all,ofekpon14,over all marvels heros 2016 is a very solid hack&slash game with a few of the heros having some very interesting mechanics but combat can get somewhat repetitive after playing for a few hours
,Recommended,226320,30130407,Posted: 23 February,all,clplaya10,i like the game... i like the marvel universe as well
76561198060328077,Recommended,226320,29431757,Posted: 22 January,all,Nerelith,"As prologue, understand, I play this game from the stand-alone client,  I do not play through steam, but I've been playing for two years.While many changes have been made to Marvel Heroes recently, and those changes have led many players to go on a rant on these very  forums, as can be seen by all the negative reviews, I have to say that since it is only the first part of their update, many claims that the game is going to die are  pre-mature.  They are the fruit of angry players that need to vent.The game dared to change in ways they disliked and they  stated this over and over instead of providing constructive feedback, they raged on the forums and wondered why they were ignored.  That is the main reason the game has taken such a shellacking in the ratings etc...If you read the  negative reviews with those thoughts in mind a Lot  will become readilly apparent.The changes in my opinion had to happen,  The game was on a self destructive path, and needed to have some broken mechanics  fixed... ( infinite dash/tp spam,  one hit kill boss mechanics,   paint the ground red with  roving zones of health depletion, non-interesting, non-engaging non-challenging boss mechanics.)The first part of the update which is currently on the live servers are a first step in addressing those self destructive mechanics.  Movement has been nerfed and overall the power of characters has similarly been adjusted,  but this is a good thing.  The game is exciting and more challenging in my opinion.The  changes to powers, and the inclusion of a talent system, increases diversity.  The Infinity system replaces an unweildy Omega system that only offered the illusion of choice, since almost every player avoided 80 % of the nodes, and only used the same nodes.  They would vary by build with summoners taking  a different set of nodes that were all the same among summoners etc.Overall,  there are some bugs, as  can be expected in any new patch,  and there are still some heroes that need to be reviewed.  And many of the complaints are being addressed in future patches.I find if players approach the game with those thoughts in mind and play it  with a  certain patience anticipating changes  yet to come... ( Part II of update, Boss mechanic update..etc.)  the game is a more fun   experience,  if you can appreciate that a game should be a challenge.In my opinion pre-patch the game was suffering because it was face-roll easy.Am I saying that I am right, and the naysayers wrong?  No opinion is wrong in my opinion, since it is a personal observation, in my opinion, ... opinions can be based on misunderstandings, or poorly formulated, but they are never wrong.Am I saying that you have to  play it, while those that are posting negative reviews are  telling everyone to stay away at all costs? No.I am saying that there is no harm in simply trying the game out.   It will not cost you anything since it's  free other than the time it takes to download and patch, the  space on your  drive, and a few Hours of your time.If after that you find you agree with the naysayers, Nothing lost, but at least you will KNOW.    If you never  even try it out...  you will simply be going along with the herd that clearly has an agenda in getting players to NOT play...  a Hint... it's Not  for your benefit.Many of the players trying to trash this game have even said what their agenda was .."" If they will not listen to our  feedback, maybe they will listen when their game dies.""Does this sound like the opinion of an unbiased player seeking what is best for other players? or does it sound Like a Player with a grudge, and an ax to grind?While at the current time  the community is a bit  toxic, this is far from the norm.  90 % of the time you could not play with more helpful players.  This is because the game is not really just a game, but... a comic book fan club online with a chat system...and an optional game attached.If you want to be among a group of players that will help you explore the world that  Gazillion has created for Marvel fans...Give the game a try.  Nothing was ever lost by trying something out for free.   If you then find you agree with the nay-sayers, at least you would then  be able to do so  with  information on your side... Not just allowing a very angry set of players with an agenda to discourage you from even trying the game out.."
76561198092578600,Recommended,226320,29412346,Posted: 21 January,all,DarkBeast,I've been a massive fan of Marvel Heroes from way back in Beta.Gazillion's shown time and time again that they really care about the game and it's fanbase. Even if it's making a choice that is in the best interests of the game moving forward. No where more clear of that mindset is their massive overhaul to the game that just occured to make it a lot funner and also return a bit of the challenge that's been missing from the game.Sadly there's been a lot of negative reviews from this update... mostly it seems from casual players who simply want to play the game in easy mode with no challenge. But honestly the changes have only made the game better. I've never stopped outright playing the game but the latest patch has returned the fun and challenge to the game. And streamlined alot of the aspects of the game that were tedious to deal with like the bloated Omega System.If you're a big fan of the Marvel Universe or even just a big fan of classic ARPGs like Diablo II than you can't find a better game to play than Marvel Heroes. And once people give the changes a chance I think most will agree. With a roster of over 60 characters to choose from including the bounding blue furball Beast it's a great time to join. All of the characters do a great job of capturing the spirit of their incarnations from the comics and movies really well.So don't go by any reviews you see and make up your own mind. It's a perfect storm of fun and challenge now. It gets my highest Beast rating.... 2 thumbs and 2 big toes up.
76561198015699641,Recommended,226320,29422056,Posted: 22 January,all,darkjedi666,"Best game for the marvel IP around.You can play as one (or more) of the 59 heroes selection, team up with even more selection in an diablo like ARPG.Animation and graphic are spot on.Tried the game in 2013, still heavily playing today.The controversial update as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a lot of people for various reason, but likely if you are new, it's your chance to grow in this universe while veteran quit and leave the spot for fresh mind player.The game is still the same, and the new update gives a fresh start for new players, so don't hesitate to start now !"
76561197980036586,Recommended,226320,29454067,Posted: 23 January,all,PoppyUSC,"I'll be honest: I am a Founder and I've been through stretches where I only log in for daily rewards and times where I pour in hours at a time. But, i am definitely a casual player. I didnt research min/max stat for any of my heroes; I only play because I have fun with it.When the Biggest Update Ever hit, I was skeptical. I usually only used 1 bar for my powers with a few support/travel powers on the second bar. I thought it was unfair to  other players, though, who want to juggle multiple bars to maximize their rotations. After playing a few characters, I understand why they took it away: it isn't really necessary. The powers have been redone with a strong balance across the board, and the new trait tree can really supplement your build.I didn't like splitting the costume and cores (stat boosts) into separate costumes and the new catalyst system. I had a few costumes I really liked, so I bought two: one to grind levels (focus on INT boost) and one for end-game-ish stuff. Now, i have multiple costumes and need to keep multiple catalysts in my stash, which is still painful to manage.I am not sure how I feel about the change from the Omega system to the Infinity system (for additional (but limited) customization. I still need some time to play around with that.All in all, the update has some big changes and many players dont like. But, some of those negative comments came before the update hit or even on the test servers, so I question how many gave it a shot.I didn't like it at first, but I think it is still a fun game, even if I have to get used to some things again.And there are still a few bugs to work out, but some of them involved the mechanics for items, so it will take more time.I think you should give the update a chance."
76561197994864307,Recommended,226320,29819685,Posted: 10 February,all,Kabal,still very good still
76561198069687416,Recommended,226320,29676433,Posted: 3 February,all,Legion,Nice game.
76561198061085607,Recommended,226320,29404676,Posted: 21 January,all,Badmagick,"All of the recent negative reviews are knee jerk reactions similar to how a child that eats too much junk food will cry when they are forced to start eating healthy. It is good for them weather they know it or not, and in the end will benefit from the change."
76561197970441144,Recommended,226320,29824900,Posted: 10 February,all,sgtdrill,"The game recently changed semi-significantly - they are investing a ton of time and effort into revamping it from the ground up. This is a renewal that was badly needed - most heroes are MUCH more fun to play now. The movement changes others have referenced have slowed the game a little bit, but that's for the best. You still are much more mobile than other MMOs, and its added a challenge that frankly was lacking."
,Recommended,226320,29434702,Posted: 22 January,all,Kerigor,Great ARPG with the Marvel license.
76561198033595130,Recommended,226320,29565258,Posted: 29 January,all,vezvarton,"Just putting in a good word for the game and the update.    For such a massive update, there are fewer rough edges than one might have supposed.  Overall the changes make the game feel more...solid...and if people are feeling a little underpowered that is the point.  We have a whole new tier of gear coming later this year.  I've had to revisit some builds and gear kits, but since I find that to be a lot of fun that was a win for me for this update.  (This is, and always has been, a great game if you like to fuss around with gear.)Many people have their knickers in a twist about the movement changes.  My response:  Really?   The movement changes are fine.  I barely notice them and I've played for quite a while.  In fact, I was a little hesitant before the movement changes were live because I don't like retraining my muscle memory, and that really hasn't been an issue.In the current, updated state of the game, I am much more interested in the different tactical situations that meaningfully arise with the variations in the tenor and difficulty of the mobs, because now it matters which powers you use in which order if you want to be efficient in terms of kill speed, resource allocation, and damage avoidance.   The game was a total face roll before the update if you were at all geared.  The movement changes help balance the pace and that actually leads to a more tactical game, which was a major motivation for the changes.   And, you can still travel quickly through maps if you need to.   There's a short delay before your higher speed movement kicks in.   It's just like getting on your mount in WoW.In summary: the game isn't dead, or broken.  It's not that different from a year ago, overall, both in terms of gameplay and the feel of the player base.  The changes have improved the balance and allow the individual flavor of the heroes to be more on display.    If you want an ARPG with lots of playstyles and gear options to explore, and a fairly healthy and helpful community, this is still a great game to try."
76561198045285743,Recommended,226320,29457880,Posted: 24 January,all,Grim04,The new update breathed life back into Marvel Heroes.Limiting movement abilities fixes so many issues (random people in groups teleporting and clearing bosses before the rest of the party was NOT fun).It also makes encounters more difficult and enjoyable.Each year they do a big update that changes the game.  Their one flaw was that their new item tier isn't out yet and the new difficulty terminals are tuned for them.  I think they want to give people time to focus playing through content and making builds before releasing the flood gates for the new items.
,Recommended,226320,29821040,Posted: 10 February,all,ConeTheBoss,"No the update didn't ruin the game, people are just butthurt they can't spam their stupid dashes anymore, and you can still use travel powers effectively. Feel free to try this game out, i recommend it."
76561198081859891,Recommended,226320,29412091,Posted: 21 January,all,XHBK,"Please, for all that is holy, if you've made it this far, ignore all the kneejerk, butthurt reviews of the newest patch.It's fantastic. This game is amazing, and this patch was neccessary and extremely healthy and needed for the long term and future of this game.If you take the time to realize, yes, you may not be ablt to play EXACTLY like you could before. And LEARN to play the way it is now, you are going to have a freaking blast. You now have 59 ""new"" heroes to test, build and play around with.Was it really fun to just dash everywhere all the time, have to press your medkit for invulernability to be able to live or DPS? Reach down and be honest with yourself. It wasn't.And honestly, I've seen several reviews use Nightcrawler as a point of contention. I'm here to shut that $%*# down right now. Nightcrawler is AMAZING with this new patch. The movement changes made him even better if they affected anything. Now I can jump all over the place in combat, and unlike before if my medkit is on CD I don't get instantly one shot, is that not better? Are you not entertained? If you want to use NC as a benchmark, then he alone shows how freaking great this patch was.This patch has refueled my love for this game and erased any burnout there could be."
76561197967980465,Recommended,226320,29927271,Posted: 14 February,all,Ev|L-nim.,game is 100 times better after the update!
76561198056865259,Recommended,226320,29680230,Posted: 3 February,all,SassMaster,"I'm going to start this review off by saying I have poured thousands of hours into this game. At one point my main account was banned for a silly mishap, but that didnt stop me from loving the game. I made an alt acount and continued to play because I really enjoy this game.Many of the recent reviews for this game have been overwhelmingly negative for no reason at all. The update may have slowed the game down a bit, but it was a sorely needed change. Sure some of the end game content got tougher, but thats why it's called end game content. Before the update everything end game was laughably easy and you could pretty much face roll your way to victory. Gameplay like that gets very old very fast. The boost in difficulty with the most recent patch had added that extra kick the game was missing.Dont let these negative reviews deter you from trying out this amazing game. Know that this is just the beginning and Gazillion, the makers of the game, are very active with their player base and take everyone's opinion into concideration, and they do their best to make this game continue to grow and be exciting for new and old players alike."
,Recommended,226320,29566345,Posted: 29 January,all,Capt. Abduwaldi Patata,"There are some issues at the moment but the movement change is not one of them. The game needed it to keep evolving and the very much hated wind-up time is severely exaggerated, the gameplay feels fresh for the first time in ages."
76561198138331899,Recommended,226320,29457066,Posted: 23 January,all,AirsoftDan,"Really loving this game. Been playing since launch, new changes have been awesome and I feel like they refitalized it."
,Recommended,226320,29457236,Posted: 23 January,all,inkwhiz888,I fear that they just might have seriously dropped themeselves in a very deep dark hole by releasing this last update but even in its current depreciated state I am still enjoying this... alot more than DC UNIVERSE and PATH OF EXILE at least.I think it is better to try and make changes here and their to shake thing up a bit rather than let a game stagnate leaving players stuck in nearly thoughtless rut but you also have to be willing to undo changes that are responsinsible for overwelmingly negative feed back.If these changes are not reversed than it simply means that the people who have made complaints are in a clear minority compared to total number of players who are either not bothered by the changes made or are even pleased by them.
76561198300296095,Recommended,226320,29440720,Posted: 23 January,all,Morbo,"Ignore the crybabies, this game is awesome. It's well balanced, newbie friendly, extremely generous and free to play viable, with almost 60 Marvel characters to incarnate, not to mention the team ups..Go on, give it a chance, and you'll never look back."
,Recommended,226320,30119229,Posted: 23 February,all,lews0r,"Fantastic game. What D3 should be, but with a ton of Marvel Characters. Constantly being updated/improved upon. Try it for yourself before forming an opinion."
,Recommended,226320,29705365,Posted: 4 February,all,HiMyNameIsLeo,"Marvel Heroes is a free to play MMO that actually does the free to play thing correctly. There are no pay walls that hide content. The company makes money from selling cosmetics, pets, loot boxes, and the like. Everything needed to actually play the game and experience the game can be all found without paying for anything.But there are things you can pay for. Hero unlocks can either be attained through in game currency or paying straight up. Costumes for heroes are a big deal to many as people who typically want to play that version of that hero they loved. And there you do have to pay real money. But those are just costumes.At it's core this game is an action RPG. You select the hero you want to play and level them up. In doing so you search for better loot to do more difficult content and continue in a cycle. There are a variety of modes to play and areas to hunt for loot.Recent updates have paved the way for a larger variety of loot at different levels. The game had become a quick sprint before, where only very small amount of loot was looked for and most content was ignored. The new updates have looked to address those issues. And things are still in flux as the development team's plans are slowly being rolled out over time.But at the end of the day this game is fun. I get to play heroes I enjoy. Heroes themselves have quite the variety of play styles so they don't feel like just clones of each other. The game play is faster paced than most other MMOs I've tried which typically bore me. Your possitioning reletive to enemies actually matters here. You have to look for indicators to where the enemies will strike. You have to manage your health and move around as you attack.After three years of playing I had mostly stopped but recent updates have really invigorated me to play again. I look forward to the new content they are adding and really enjoying this fun game."
76561198052487193,Recommended,226320,29489679,Posted: 25 January,all,NickScarlato,"Sorry in advance - I know its not cool and popular to like this game right now but I do.  This is a great game.  I dont log in through steam which is why it says I only played 200 hours - I actually played over 1000.At first - like many here I wasn't sure about the changes but they really grew on me.  Most of my main characters are more fun than ever due to the changes, and characters that had stale kits have been refreshed.  Bosses have some new tactics which makes the fights more fun.A lot of people are slamming this game because they can't teleport through the entire map as quickly, but you can still use your travel power.  I get around only a little bit slower than before the changes.Anyway I recommend people try the game out for themselves.  If you are new, obviously you have nothing to miss from the old version of the game.  This game is still fun and a great place to play a huge variety of marvel characters.  This is a must-play if you love Marvel and ARPGs.  It's free - decide for yourself."
76561198347142607,Recommended,226320,30143575,Posted: 24 February,all,tunnelsnakesrule,"This can be a good game but sometimes it can get a little boring but it's not like you're getting ripped off, becuse it is free, so if you think you might not like it, still try it out because it might be better than you think it is."
76561198069447367,Recommended,226320,29709981,Posted: 4 February,all,123,"Dont listen to all these bitter♥♥♥♥♥hatters, they mad cause they made a lot of changes to the game. But these changes are good, now all characters are viable, they also mad cause now u cant spam the danm teleports abilities which makes the game a little harder for those who like to facesmash and have no skills. The game is pretty good and they are making it better everytime. Ive been playing for 3 years now and love it a lot more."
,Recommended,226320,29741654,Posted: 6 February,all,Odhinn,Best update ever.
,Recommended,226320,29597119,Posted: 30 January,all,Circuit,"People screaming how the Big Update has ""ruined"" the game are being ridiculous. What they mean is they dislike some of the things in the update and in predictable Internet Baby Man fashion, are grossly overreacting and posting negative reviews as some sort of revenge against the evil empire what made the game.I'll admit to not really liking the changes to movement, but I'm already used to the new system and it's not even something I think about while playing anymore. There are so many other positive changes I'm amazed at how quickly people who have clocked thousands of hours in the game will turn and throw a fit the moment they dislike something. Curiously, they'd rather pound their fists and chant ""BURN IT TO THE GROUND!"" than do anything constructive, hence the flood of negative ""reviews"" recently. They hate something they used to love so now, for reasons unknown, they want to pour all their effort into making sure other people dislike it instead of just moving on or adapting to the changes.TL;DR, I know this isn't so much a review as it is a PSA to try and make sure people know the sky isn't falling, the game's not doomed, it's not suddenly the worst game ever, etc. It's honestly better than it's ever been. I can't say I agree with ALL the changes in this update (in fact there are some I dislike quite a lot), but there is most certainly more good than bad in the Biggest Update Ever and if you're even remotely interested in RPGs about Marvel characters, you could do way worse than giving this FREE game a shot."
76561198039335346,Recommended,226320,29640633,Posted: 1 February,all,NatureWalk,"I've been playing this for more than two years (only recently through Steam), and overall I'm happy with its current direction. The recent batch of updates have given the game back a healthy scale of difficulty, and while some veterans are unhappy with the mechanics changes, I mostly find them more logical and cohesive than before.The large roster of heroes remains its top draw, and Gazillion has done a nice job of ensuring that, in its current form, all of them have multiple workable builds. It's still not the deepest experience around, but if you're so inclined, it's possible to spend ages tweaking builds and gear for each character.As an MMO, it's a continual work in progress, and has its rough edges, but I'm surprised at how quickly I get drawn back in after each hiatus.I recommend joining a supergroup early on, as it's still the best way to learn the game's quirks. (This is a legit criticism: the in-game documentation is somewhat shoddy, and some systems are still much more opaque than they need to be.) Apart from the 'missing manual' element, having a community really improves the experience, and can speed access to raids and endgame modes.Finally, the game does not force any purchases, which is great. No content is paywalled, and you can build up in-game currency to buy heroes and team-ups."
76561197999666734,Recommended,226320,29502320,Posted: 26 January,all,sLoWm0,If you like ARPGs and the Marvel Universe then you will love this game
76561197998120437,Recommended,226320,29546710,Posted: 28 January,all,Kabob,"Being an old Diablo2 player, I found this title to be the spiritual successor. The ability to level very quickly is the main difference, and they added a way to reset your level, and do it all over again(5 times). The game is very smooth and polished.The recent Patch has caused issue with some players, so they believe a negative campaign will bring back the old gameplay style of mechanics to which they were used to playing. This isn't going to happen. Besides the new mechanics work just fine, and give the game room to grow, including a console version.Since the game IS free to play, I recommend you review it yourself and decide if YOU enjoy it. I do and will continue to fund it thru in game purchases and word of mouth."
76561198045015850,Recommended,226320,29578841,Posted: 29 January,all,bammkin,"Love the use of the IP to create character classes, new update is different but not too horrible.  If you are starting fresh there is a good amount of support and the community is in general outstanding.  The game can be grindy and the cash shop offers a lot of advantages.  I obviously love the game and will continue to play it."
,Recommended,226320,29812647,Posted: 9 February,all,Urthman,"For a ""free-to-play"" game, you can play a whole lot without having to pay anything.  Try out all 60+ characters up to level 10 and then pick one to play without any limits.  By the time you've tried them all and got a character to the level cap you'll probably have picked up enough in-game currency to unlock another one.The huge update was disappointing in some ways and a big improvement in others.  Overall, the game is still a great Diablo-style RPG and one of the better mainstream superhero games available."
,Recommended,226320,29555218,Posted: 28 January,all,InfernalRage,"After more than 4000 hours in this steam account and around 2000 hours from an old account, this game is probably the most addictive I've ever played. The new changes will sure help push those hours further.Don't mind the recent negative reviews this game is getting. Many people were spoiled by the weaknesses of this game before the current changes went live. Changes happen and most people are afraid of change. Many are crying because there's no unlimited dash/dodge now, because now you actually have to think strategy instead of just spamming dodge and pretending you know how to play. Many are probably lost now that the online database for hero builds is no longer that useful because of the new system. Others are not happy about the new Infinity System that replaced the old Omega System simply because they prefer more options that they end up not using anyway.This game is actually more fun now as it is more balanced than the old version. Comments about the game being dumbed down now are opinions of those who already dumbed down the game by merely copying builds from online databases.This game is really very good now and I'm just stopping by to write this little note because of the whining this game is getting after the big change."
,Recommended,226320,29594659,Posted: 30 January,all,Sheeptar,Its gotten a lot better. Not perfect but its pretty good.
,Recommended,226320,29725940,Posted: 5 February,all,Happy Dead Guy,Hush and go play.
,Recommended,226320,29466031,Posted: 24 January,all,Jersh,"It's a shame so many veterans blasted this new update with negative reviews. I couldn't get into this game at all previously but the new changes actually make it a lot more fun and casual friendly. I'm sure there are some issues that could use smoothing over, but the recent influx of negative reviews are purely knee-jerk. Anyone that is looking for a solid fun ARPG that is easy to get into should definitely give this a try. The game wasn't doing well before for a reason, these new changes seem to be going in a good direction from the perspective of a new player."
76561198258749264,Recommended,226320,29776595,Posted: 7 February,all,AwLogic,Very good 1 of the most fun games. Offers hours of fun gameplay
,Recommended,226320,29874108,Posted: 12 February,all,DrewMeister,"I've been playing this game for a descent amount of time. this game went through a lot of ups and down but i gotta say i love the way the game developing now. before that big patch came , having a new hero is always a tedious job for me, researching back and forth on which build is good (while i am not limited with the choices, there is always that feeling of calculating this and that to produce something good) now with the big patch it's easier to get into new characters, now i would really want to collect them all.sorry for thati would highly suggest this to new playersto the old playershate it or love it, change will always come"
76561198019486080,Recommended,226320,29523592,Posted: 27 January,all,Nox Vigintis,"Ignore the mostly negative reviews you are recently seeing. The game is more noob friendly now and they dumbed some things down. Of course the veterens hate this and are crying about it and refuse to acknowledge that the game still has the same core strengths.It's a good game, the recent update has not ruined it."
76561198103092660,Recommended,226320,29839637,Posted: 10 February,all,Venommr,"alright so the game isnt bad, a large group of old players are salty cause of some big yearly update that came in to change things up a bit, apparently this used to be an amazing game, i see people complaining about them making the game sluggish but imo, its great fun. Anyone who is thinking that they should avoid the game cause of the negetivity should try it themselves. the game is lots of fun. Its even more fun with friends and i am not getting bored. Course im not very far into the game with my time played but with everyone on steam dumping on this game i had to say something cause at first i thought i shouldnt play it cause of the steam reveiws but after some research, its just the steam users who are really salty. If you like an mmo openworld with lots of different characters and abillities this is your game."
76561198071949309,Recommended,226320,29406982,Posted: 21 January,all,Scyo,"♥♥♥♥ the haters.The game is in a state of flux right now which could've been handled better, ok. Nevertheless, the changes are going to make it a better, more engaging and challenging game in the long run it seems to me.I'm having a blast right now trying out all the new ways to play the heroes, after having lost interest from boredom months ago from crushing everything without breaking a sweat."
76561198018755801,Recommended,226320,29783611,Posted: 8 February,all,Ardol,"A fun, entertaining arpg with lots of giveaways and the ability to earn virtually everything for free."
76561198134895212,Recommended,226320,29590430,Posted: 30 January,all,Tompa,It's ok
76561198024150585,Recommended,226320,29872600,Posted: 12 February,all,silentstorm,good game for free
76561198030691926,Recommended,226320,29577447,Posted: 29 January,all,Ryguy,"New patch  came out in 2017 and along with major changes to all heroes, many areas were redone. The changes have streamlined hero powers and made things a little simpler to figure out. It's not finished, but has given me a reason to revisit some heroes I have not touched in a long time. Older heroes probably benefitted the most as they were the one's left behind under the old system. In general, most heroes appear to be buffed. Range seems to have been tightened up in few situations (Insignia rolls especially) and that has reduced some of the grinding. The changes have made a good product better but there are further changes coming soon."
76561198016977346,Recommended,226320,29453891,Posted: 23 January,all,casper118,"Marvel Heroes Post Update Review.I have read a few of the reviews about this game following the update.  Some which are just idiotic.Credit Chests missing?  Lets see this from a view point of a long time player of marvel heroes.  They put this in the game when unique items were uncommon to rare to find and to find 5 of the same one. Then it is a reward.  When unique items became common through High Town.  Players were able to amass lots of credits in a very short time.  Which lead to a large amount of excess in the game with these players.  They even lowered the credit costs of crafting of items.  They even gave you a hero synergy to lower the already lowered costs.So to counter act this rampant inflation. They added new crafting items to decrease this amount but kept the original trade in of 5 uniques for a 500K credit chest.Now if they changed it to 10 unique items or even 15 that would be alright and getting rid of that is not that game breaking.  It is certainly not enough to whine about.  Unless you like the Monty Haul campaigns in old school dungeons and dragons.Now onto the changes in the game itself.  The Heroes were in need of a review.  Mr Fantastic was not Fantastic and others were showing their age.  Iron Man, Invisible Woman, Luke Cage and a bunch of others were needing a little adjustment and to be updated to the current tier of standard we have seen in recent character releases.So instead of using the same old broken point based system which relied on having x amount of points to put in X amount of skills which can be only increased in damage by points. They switched it to a level based trait system.It is a better system to go with.  It does not require multiple keyboards or multiple hot bars. Its simple and concise while maintaining the same integrity and customization that all people love to do with their characters.It even saw overwhelming improvements in existing characters.  Loki totally awesome now when he was just Meh! before the update.Iron Man really great revamp.  Same for Hawkeye, Invisible Woman, Mr Fantastic.  Etc... etc... etc...Now there are some of us who love using 5 to 6 hot bars to maximize damage using cool downs while playing Doctor Strange.  I think that is a bit outrageous.  This makes the game a lot more controller friendly and a majority of the players in this game. They love it being controller friendly.The movement arguments that have arrived.  Unlimited Dash - It does not take skill to bypass content.  Getting to the goal and just doing none of the work. It should be called cheating.  But its not because it was a feature in this game.  Bypassing content is not what this game is built for.People take time to design the area.People take time to create the opposition in these areas.People take time to create and add adversaries in this area.All this time to create a terminal, zone, raid instance etc.... Then you just say ""To hell with it""  Bypass it with your rapid dashes and then complain when that exploit is removed and you are having to take a few minutes to get to the boss or whatever checkpoint.I think this movement thing is quite well thought out.  There is even a toggle for it in the game.  You can hold R or just click a button and it will turn you from normal speed to flight speed.  That is not game breaking.That is called game balancing.There is a lot of great new challenges in Marvel Heroes with the Difficulty Slider.  More EXP and More Credits for the risk.  Now you can not run from the challenge but have to face the challenge.It is a more strategic game in terms of boss fights and playing the game.Omega was just to complex to use. I mean we had what 200+ nodes to invest in but most people took the same nodes because it was more cost efficient to put points into XY node than AB Node.Oh and pre patch the heroes were overpowered.  Getting +3% power increase in Fighting + 4% increase for other attributes.Now its a simple system. You get the same bonuses but without double or triple dipping using Omega to create characters that were unstoppable because well that is cool to just breeze through boss fight without having it challenge you is considered fun.  Which without challenge what is the point of doing the boss fight?Yet these negative reviews consist of a bunch of whiny little brats.  Complaining about what they lost.You have lost one thing. Nothing.  The game is now balanced again.  It contains 9 months worth of work by some very talented people.Some people call this the NGE of Marvel Heroes.  It is nothing like NGE.  NGE had no player interaction that i am aware of.This had players coming and trying and testing this game to make it their game and Gaz's game.So if you want to make a review of this game.  Make an honest one.  Do not quote about imbalances in the game as the standard.This game is now fun again and if you want to quit playing because of that. Then you can not call yourself a Marvel Heroes player because those of us who have played this game for years.We know how bad the game was when it was released.  The game got a lot better over time, but it still had some fatal flaws.  Now the game is a lot better and a lot more interesting.Story mode has been revamped.Omega has been scrapped for something simpler and Infinite.Heroes have been reviewed and changed and updated.When X difficulty is to easy you have heroic and cosmic and eventually omega to challenge yourself in.So I recommend this game.  To those who do not.  I have just this to say""Can I haz ur stuff!"""
76561198059648282,Recommended,226320,29842318,Posted: 11 February,all,jasonjwillis,"Despite a few people (probably with multiple accounts since it's free to play) trying to destroy the game because they are upset that it doesn't always stay exactly the same or because they don't want exploits fixed this game is solid, has 60 fun, well fleshed out Marvel characters that actually give you the feel for that character and it's a ton of fun.Better yet, it is regularly improving.  A few loud people are complaining because it is not instantly perfect in every way. Ignore them.  It is fun and is regularly improving more than any other game on the market.Try it for yourself and see what's so great about it that haters feel the need to try to destroy it."
76561198009162627,Recommended,226320,29490596,Posted: 25 January,all,the Amazingly Randy,"absolutely love the new updates. a big step in the right direction IMO, can't wait to see what they do with itemization."
,Recommended,226320,29467498,Posted: 24 January,all,BeardedDork,"It's a solid game, basically a Marvel Skinned Diablo clone. The core gameplay loop of click on things to make them die and spew loot is satisfying. People complain about the BUE, but I think it improved the game. Previously the game play basically amounted to assign your best abilities (ie. the ones you put your points into) to the hot bar and cycle through ASDFGH as your MMO style cooldown timers permitted. There is no more assigning points (this bothers some as they feel it limits the customization) every player who plays the same hero (out of roughly 60 reasonably unique heroes) will have access to the same abilities before level 30. You pick a couple you like and assign them to the first few slots on your action bar and use the rest more tactically. To me this feels a lot better. I played a lot before the update and now that some significant time has passed since the update, I can say that for me, the game is much improved."
,Recommended,226320,30059126,Posted: 20 February,all,PeanutButter,emejing
76561198077306652,Recommended,226320,29878274,Posted: 12 February,all,Nando,"Started playing with Cyclops after the so-called biggest update. Took about 35 hours to level the character to level 60, had a blast doing it, without spending a dime.Maybe the game was way better before the update, as many older players say, but it's just not fair not recommend the game. It's way better than many (expensive) games.Nice graphics, well optimized game, frequent updates so far. Recommended for Diablo, Titan Quest, Torchlight players.If you are a completionist and really want to level and equip with legendary items all heroes, be prepared to spend a good amount of real-life cash or hundreds of hours playing."
,Recommended,226320,29505538,Posted: 26 January,all,Wilka 🎮,"So the most People hating on this now because this ""big update"". Should i play this anyway as a new player?"
76561198021140529,Recommended,226320,29503582,Posted: 26 January,all,Vhanx,"Biggest update ever[\h1]Alright, I never write reviews but when I see this negative ♥♥♥♥♥torm there is no other way than doing this.First this game was always pretty easy in terms of playing and beating content. Even the hardest difficulty (cosmic) was so easy it wasn't even funny. The hardest part was min max the dmg your hero/villain will do and reading dozens of omega traits (which took PRETTY long) or deciding where you set your skill points.But now the game changed in a pretty harsh way. GAZ decided to:make the game hardertone down the dmgsimplify the omega system(which was needed)took away unlimited dasheschanged travel powersremoved that old wierd skill system where you could put 20 points in a skill. now you have all skills but can always only choose some for combatadded a difficulty sliderchanged many heroesSo new player can get much faster into the game and old players have something to do(figuring out how to play all those changed heroes). Many of those old players who previously needed 1 minute for clearing a cosmic terminal(something like a dungeon) are now not even able to clear them. The problem isnt on GAZs site more on the ignorance and not wanting to change something on the player base.All in all the new update was bonkers. Dont listen to those doomsayers :D.[h2]Review for Marvel Heroes:[\h2]This game has nearly everthing for a gamer who likes to grind or collect many things and likes a bit of a challenge.[h3]Pro:[\h3]Many different heroes... terminals (something like dungeons)3 RaidsTons of option to build the char how you likeA fair f2p model (you can get every hero you like without spending a dime)Gets huge system updates every yearMany eventsNice visualsLots of costumes... team ups... pets... achievementsfriendly comunity[h3]Con:[\h3]Some bugs which take time to get fixedno real pvp or atleast not usedold events repeat to much[\list]"
,Recommended,226320,29530647,Posted: 27 January,all,Object,"Let me first start off by stating that I think Diablo 3 is much better than Path of Exile...I know, I'm sure a lot of you will call me a nub just for that statement but I don't play ARPG's so that I have to search online for guides on how to play, I want to just enjoy myself while I mow down tons of mobs.  This is why I loved Diablo 1 and 2 so much, they were simple.  I also enjoyed both Torchlights but they couldn't hold a candle to the amount of hours I've put into the original Diablo and Diablo 2.  I didn't play Diablo 3 for very long purely because the end game is a one trick pony but I did enjoy how they kept builds simplified and focused them around gear instead of making a giant atlas of skill points that would confuse even Hawking on first glance...I started playing this game in 2014, I thought it was terrible, tried it again in 2015, felt it was still dull and some of the end game mechanics just didn't feel intuitive at all.  I then put a fair amount of time into it about 6 months ago, the game felt more vibrant but I still felt the end game mechanics were odd.  The idea of having 8 bajillion classes and then having 8 bajillion different builds with like 90% of them not being too great for each class seemed far too overcomplicated for me.I just picked the game up on Steam because I was told the new update simplified a lot of that end game bs that existed before making the game far more intuitive and I'm incredibly impressed so far.  Now that Diablo 3 and Destiny are stagnating, MU Legend is boring and Lost ARK isn't out yet in NA Marvel Heroes has become a great alternative to the core ARPG fans looking for a game that isn't nuts like POE."
,Recommended,226320,29796026,Posted: 8 February,all,K.,"Game is excellent! Friendly and helpful community. The game recently had its biggest update ever. Many heroes are much more enjoyable to play. Recommend this for those that are into ARPG or simply, Marvel."
76561198049382601,Recommended,226320,29599654,Posted: 30 January,all,Dora the Destroyer,"About the most recent BUE (biggest update ever), speaking as a vet that has the best possible rolls on the best possible items for most heroes, I totally embrace and welcome this update, as this is a breath of fresh air that the game needs and is long overdue.Previously, you were locked into 1-2 skill builds and there was huge imbalance across the hero spectrum and across different skill builds of the same hero. Currently, almost all heroes are viable and skill selections can be changed on the fly. This gives players the choice to play heroes as they like without sacrificing a ton of dps. Change in hero skill rotation philosophy also means that heroes are no longer locked into Spender+Dot layer+Dot layer+Sig. Many heroes now have variability in their rotations.See revamped psylocke for example, creating a psy-clone everytime she uses a movement power, and the typical boss battle using psylocke generates a lot of clones with dashes and skills, creating quite a feast in graphics and fun.I find myself returning to this game after the BUE and I would recommend this game to anyone who is looking to play a balanced MMO-ARPG with loot variability, good customisability and competitive raid mechanics."
76561197970679519,Recommended,226320,29413794,Posted: 21 January,all,Silverjazz,"https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/5pdrih/marvel_heroes_2016_newest_update_has_been_met_by/sums it up better than I can. The old Omega system was better than the new Infinity system, but the rest of the changes have made a better game."
,Recommended,226320,29493720,Posted: 25 January,all,Kralzar,It's FTP. D'load it and try it.If you like Marvel and Like Diablo. This game has everything you need.Don't let the negative reviews steer you away.
76561198034357895,Recommended,226320,29532281,Posted: 27 January,all,EpYoN,"Mechanics have greatly improved, game feels much more fluid then it did before, all the negativity this game is getting seems to be people unwilling to try to adapt and just want to faceroll a keyboard and put no thought into the fights. All in all once numbers are tweaked and the next gear tier is released, Marvel Heroes will be incredible."
76561198162581489,Recommended,226320,29851834,Posted: 11 February,all,louisa.collier98,Trolls is a great film
76561198052340815,Recommended,226320,29492243,Posted: 25 January,all,jaif13,"Like many, I've played for many years and have a stable of lvl 60s.  I've slowly assembled decent gear as well.I love the new update.  I'm gleefully trying out hero after hero, trying out builds, seeing what skills and combinations work, and so on.  I do have several nits - bugs, talent tiers that feel very restrictive, and uniques dropping but you can't do much with them because follow-on updates are replacing that system.All that said, this update has been very refreshing overall and I'm really just playing and swimming in the fun.-JeffP.S. I know people are complaining about the re-tuning of difficulty levels, but IMO it was completely necessary."
,Recommended,226320,29573977,Posted: 29 January,all,TJTaylor,"There have been a ton of negative reviews of this game as of late from long time players because they don't like the recent changes to the game and it compels me to give my own opinion to try and balance that out.I participated in the beta for this game.  I have almost every hero and team up.   I've easily put in over 1000 dollars into this game since release.  But I'm also someone who plays this game in chunks.  I don't grind it because, frankly, I don't find repeating the same things over and over again fun.  So I'll play for a week or two, leave for a while, then come back when I get the itch.  Once I heard about ""the biggest update ever"" I decided to fire it up again and see what's new.  From my perspective, the changes did not alter the core gameplay at all.  It still felt like the same game.  I had to make some gear changes and switch out a few powers but after that I played the game exactly like I have done countless times before.  I also purchased a hero I didn't have and leveled them from 1 to 60.  These changes are no big deal.  It's not like this is the first time Marvel Heroes has had changes anyway and it will likely not be the last.  The bottom line is Marvel Heroes is still very enjoyable and if you like ARPGs or super heroes, you will like this game.People who are looking at this game for the first time don't give a crap about how your travel power now charges up.  They also don't care about changes to gear statistics and builds since they will be learning the game with no prior knowledge of things that came before.  All these hyperbolic reviews that are telling you not to try this game because the poster doesn't like that they have to wait a second for a travel power charge or have to relearn how to gear and/or what powers to use are disingenuous at best and seem pretty petty, and vindictive, to be honest.  You'd be doing yourself a favor to completely ignore them.  Marvel Heroes is F2P.  There is no reason not to try the game yourself and form your own opinion.TL;DR - Status quo bias is real.  New players will NOT care but WILL have a lot of fun."
,Recommended,226320,29509939,Posted: 26 January,all,jacobvandy,"The developers have made a genuine and gargantuan effort to re-balance the entire game, but all some people can focus on is that their damage numbers are lower than they used to be...Nevermind the fact that the same goes for everyone across the board, including enemies.Nevermind the fact that re-gearing your character according to the new system and embracing the use of new talents to enhance your playstyle allows most characters to be even stronger than they were before.Nevermind the fact that difficulty levels have been adjusted specifically to make the previously unused one between Normal and Cosmic relevant again.Nevermind the fact that all of this is making room to grow with the new gear and additional difficulty levels being added soon.So many so-called veterans apparently can't be bothered to even read about the changes and why they're being made. Or if they did, they still insist on being irrationally opposed to constructive changes to a game they've played so much and/or claim to have a vested interest in.To be fair, some have taken the time to provide feedback in a calm and potentially helpful manner, and they're entitled to their opinion as well as their decision to say they don't recommend playing the game. But many others are clearly having a disproportionate emotional reaction and have taken to bombing the game's reviews in an effort to convince the developers to roll-back some or all of the core changes that they disagree with.Don't let the short-sighted and vitriolic immaturity being spewed across these reviews as of late discourage you from playing what is still a very fun ARPG featuring a vast roster of faithfully depicted Marvel heroes and villains."
,Recommended,226320,29902013,Posted: 13 February,all,LobsterSaur,The biggest update ever was annoying at first but once you get used to it it's still fun
76561198158354413,Recommended,226320,29535717,Posted: 27 January,all,Wonderland,well i like itthe multiplayer mode in pvp is a lilttle harder to find but i love this game..its great .
76561198039769472,Recommended,226320,29450915,Posted: 23 January,all,Owen (me),WOW
76561198048048796,Recommended,226320,29786668,Posted: 8 February,all,kierankent,good game
76561198043888655,Recommended,226320,29468681,Posted: 24 January,all,"Nuktuk, Hero of the South","fun game.  recent update changed quite a bit, some good some bad.bad reviews are from crybabies having a tantrum."
,Recommended,226320,29639527,Posted: 1 February,all,Kiewsky,❤❤❤ Marvel ❤❤❤
76561198078448514,Recommended,226320,30031069,Posted: 19 February,all,你好吗？,"In regard's to the most negative review to this game,  I totally understand. But what they did is LITERALLY chaning the movement powers to having a added cooldown. This doesn't ruin the game at all. This game just got a qol on all of the heroes that some are terrible.Infinity system is mediocre I guess. Omega seem to be complex when it isn't. Infinity system is quite good and straight to the point.Hero got talent's now which is basically modification of skills. My main ghost rider doesn't have to use infernal contract now that it can proc.Plus there will be omega item's which is on hold. To those who haven't played the game, do try it. Give yourself a go and don't be affected by the mostly negative review. People just got to confortable with using dash unlimitly when they got a TRAVEL power. Which is hugely better.Overall? 8.5/10 bug 's still here and there. Omega item's still need to be released but this update doesn't kill the game. It improved it!"
76561198132629704,Recommended,226320,29494824,Posted: 25 January,all,ritwikmandal6100,Really fun to play
,Recommended,226320,29743867,Posted: 6 February,all,Knightmare1099,"I'am MARVEL FANS from Indonesia, i love every MARVEL GAMES"
,Recommended,226320,29482369,Posted: 25 January,all,Ornstein,"So with the recent explosion of negative reviews you might ask yourself ""How the hell can someone recommend this game now!!?!?"", well, there is an old saying: ""Empty barrels make the most noise"", which rings very true at this point in time with this game.Let's break this reveiw down into chunks regarding the huge update,Movement-Powers:This is one of the top complaints i've seen throughout all negative reviews, and it's based upon what? Personal preference? Sure before you could spam the ever-living-hell out of movement-powers in this game, teleporters could get from the very beginning of an area to the end in a matter of seconds, with this update you get a standard 3 charges with a 4sec recharge time, meaning you could potentially teleport 3 times in a quick succession before having to wait a whole bloody 4secs before being able to teleport again!If you feel this breaks the game you REALLY need to ask yourself what you're doing in an ARPG/Dungeon-crawler anyway, this was a LUXURY we had for the LONGEST time, being able to farm bosses for those sweet artifacts in a matter of seconds per run.. I'm actually surprised they didnt change this EARLIER.. A game is meant to be played, not skipped, quit whining and butcher your way to glory, simple as..Infinity System:Another thing people are screaming their lungs out over.. Do you sincerely mean that the omega-system was better? Where a few 20-30 nodes out of the ~100+ actually was worth speding into? The Infinity System contain just as much customization as the omega system did, the only thing it's lacking is the overwhelming ""Whoa there's a lot to spend points on here!"", it's more boiled down, concentrated, and you complain?..Skills/Talents:Here's a big one for sure, you no longer get to spend 20 skillpoints in a skill to maximize it's effect, because you know what? It's already maxed to your current level as you get it unlocked! At lvl60 all your skills will be just as if you had your beloved 20 points spent in them, for free and without the careful planning of your ""build"", no more ""i only need 5 points in this skill, i still need it but not as much as the others i need to max 20 on!"", you don't have to sacrifice points in one necessary skill do max another now, they are A.L.L maxed out!Now for the thing with skills i get that some people can be salty over, the overcharging, equipment giving extra points in skills, effectively raising your max-cap on skills and therefore giving some extra oomf to damage/buffs/passives, this is where the talent-system comes into play.Most talents let you supercharge certain key-abilities to the sky and back or simply alter their functionality towards something more suited another playstyle.Nothing's really changed, besides ONE THING that i can actually give to those complaining (as it is a major gamechanger for some), the lack of multiple skillbars, i know some heroes more or less REQUIRED mulitple skillbars (Looking at you Doctor Strange) to maximize their potential for late-game, although i haven't, as of now, researched these heroes enough to check how much their talents makes up for the lack of skillbars. But yeah, i'll give this one point to those currently blasting the game and it's devs.Itemization/Stats:For everyone crying their hearts out over this, i take it you've never played WoW between two expansions before? How raiding-gear you spent months trying to get suddenly got replaced with green quest-gear came a new expansion?Gaz's rerolled the key-stats majorly, resulting in the fact that most ""end-game"" gear pre-update now won't really suffice in end-game, you need to actually re-evaluate your gear, see what still fits the flow and what's in need of replacing.I mean you start the game out with a lvl1 hero without any gear, you work your way up to end-game content, isn't this what dungeon-crawlers/ARPG's are all about? You've basically been given another carrot to chase with the rework on stats and gear, to climb to the top of the mountain again?.Bottomline of this review?Stop being a lazy and content sod, work your way back up to the top and stop assblasting the devs, nothing's really changed besides the fact you might need to tinker with your equipment a bit.."
76561198032784197,Recommended,226320,29503968,Posted: 26 January,all,mattestabro,"This game is still fun, don't listen to all the cry babies."
,Recommended,226320,29506626,Posted: 26 January,all,Rudou,Review.EDIT: It's just a prank bro.
76561198054804094,Recommended,226320,29449906,Posted: 23 January,all,thunderboyAC,"I can see where all the hate is coming from, the hardcore veterans who spent hours getting to where they were only to feel like their hard work was all for not. I haven't spent years with this game, I don't have that many heroes, but I've put my time into this game and appreciate what the dev's are trying to do with the most recent update (which brought me back onto playing) by making it more simplistic and not too complicated. I plan on putting even more hours into this game now and hope returning players and veterans do the same."
76561197993273145,Recommended,226320,29474711,Posted: 24 January,all,CaleighD,"TLDR I'm still having a blast with it. Fun fast aoe-based combat, very responsive devs,  and a decent pay model (not as nice as poe though). People currently complaining are doing so in the middle of a very large update that is only halfway implemented at the time of writing.I gave this game a chance over a year ago after getting sick of 3 seasons of diablo 3 and playing path of exile since 2012 (a fantastic game, but you can only play the same level so many times..) I quickly decided it was just too awkward / clunky and uninstalled it after about an hour of playing Thor. I had hoped that this game was close to the much-cherished x-men legends and marvel ultimate alliance games but it just didn't have the same feel.This december after seeing some very positive reviews I decided to give it another chance and was very impressed. This was much different than my first impression. Here was an action rpg that really respected a players time, it had a fantastic character selection which (mostly) all played differently from each other and a nicely varied pool of enemies, levels and powers. Movement abilities and the general speed of the game set it apart and i soon found myself playing it quite a bit alone but also with my 6 year old son on a controller (I got him his own account.) My only gripes at this time were that certain classes just felt overpowered and that the inventory and skill point tedium was at odds with the arcadey, fast paced nature of the game. I was often confused at how to progress my character and much preferred the instanced levels to the open world ones which typically had me flying around looking for a quest node that hadn't been overrun by other players.This january the game was majorly overhauled with the first part of a long term change and they addressed almost every one of my concerns - the game is now much more playable as a result. You will see many many people complain about this as the immediate feeling to old players is that they suddenly lost power and are slow now. They are right but they are not giving you the full picture. Essentially what has happened is that the epic content that they used to blaze through in a matter of seconds has been bumped up as a new difficulty setting (as it was originally intended to be very end-game) and the new end-game gear to match this difficulty has not been released yet. As to the movement system every character still gets a dedicated travel power at level 10 so I really dont see the argument here unless you need to be able to drop aoe attacks while teleporting through a level for farming / grinding.The fair criticisms with the update that I have seen either center around this game sliding closer to Diablo 3 rather than Diablo 2 on the grannd arpg scale, or that the update had bugs that were previously reported on the test center feedback.My complaints at this point are that previously a new player got a character unlock of any character in the game (you can play all until level 10) whereas now you get less of a choice and must wait longer for a 'premium' hero. Still, this is a quibble as in-game currency can be found (it is dropped by mobs) at a pretty regular pace. Additionally the movement charges and dash system is less than suitable at the moment for melee types but I would expect a change to that soon due to public outcry. Characters that were previously based solely on movement powers (eg silver surfer) are a bit of a mess at the moment but I expect that will be sorted out.Also, my 6 year old loves the new moves and content."
76561198028855319,Recommended,226320,29450946,Posted: 23 January,all,pracel,I got lost after replaying the main story with another hero......freaking quest pointer is confusing as f.....where the heck should i go to next?
,Recommended,226320,29491714,Posted: 25 January,all,Vennatohr,This is what Diablo 3 should have been. A ton of content! Bad reviews are from those stuck in their ways. The January patch was necessary to lay the groundwork for some great additions. This game is only going to get better.
76561198350745831,Recommended,226320,29633676,Posted: 1 February,all,hogswhach,i love it it is amazin
,Recommended,226320,29549731,Posted: 28 January,all,GabeN,"gr8 game, you should def plau! thank for read!"
,Recommended,226320,29599487,Posted: 30 January,all,Djinnella,.
76561198217337424,Recommended,226320,29448991,Posted: 23 January,all,♛☆ MaxWell Durol ☆♛™,bvij
,Recommended,226320,29449349,Posted: 23 January,all,Arkady,"Fun ARPG. Changes made in 2017 have improved gameplay, character building, and end game for non-raid players."
76561197989863313,Recommended,226320,29474165,Posted: 24 January,all,Caiden!,"This game scratches my Marvel itch so well.If you enjoy games like Diablo, Torchlight, Titanquest and more, I highly recommend checking this out!More fun with friends!The latest update made a lot of hardcore players upset, for whiny reasons.Don't read to much into it. If you're new, you'll have a blast."
,Recommended,226320,29543970,Posted: 28 January,all,Katuhstrofik,"DO NOT BUY INTO THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS.Bunch of cry babies. It's all vets of the game crying because they need to regear and relearn and can't face roll everything anymore. Sad! If you want a face roll game go play D3. If you want a game where combat feels deliberate and you get to play your favorite hero, play MH 2016. It's that simple.I have TONS of hours in this game (I split my time between normal client then steam client) and it's one of the most fun games I regularily play. Lot's of content, and with nearly 60 heroes to level (going to be over 60 very soon), you will never run out of fun things to do.The game just went through a major update to balance the base game and it was successful. These negative reviews are coming from people who were used to being allowed to face roll bosses and never die. NOW YOU NEED SKILL TO PLAY, WHO'D HAVE THOUGHT. If you are a new comer PLEASE do not let the bad reviews scare you away. Give it a try and you'll see that it's very fun, and ironically, the game is simpler (more straight forward) now than it used to be, and the community for the most part is great so you can always ask for help/advice.:3"
76561198011607785,Recommended,226320,29679861,Posted: 3 February,all,Katon,"Ok let me get this straight. I know since the BUE, there has been alot of negativity regarding Marvel Heroes 2016. But in my honest opinion, this update has made this game challenging again (to an extent). Before the update, I used to steamroll through the game content and literary fell asleep playing it. Now its a different story, the game feels more ""alive"" mainly because of the change in gameplay-mechanics.I did write a review about this update having a negative impact on the game, but i have a change of mind. This game has become alot more fun!Sure people who played it for years will be mad, because they have to adjust to this new system, but once you have, you will love it.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Below was my innitial review:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Yes This is a negative review about a game which i used to love!I even bought the Ultimate package before this game was released.There has  been many updates throughout the years, big and small ones, good and bad ones.But i kept playing...unil they did this major overhaul...I mean comeon! We all spent many hours grinding, lvling, building our favorite heroes and now you completely redo the skilltrees and many items for that matter. My favorite heroes are now so weak. It does not feel rewarding, it feels like a kick in the n*ts.You used to listen to the community, asking us how we think of a specific hero and how their skilltree should be or not.A gameupdate solely for the purpose to prepare for the console versio,n is a major letdown and downwards disrepectful for all the pc gamers, who has been supporting this game for many years.DO NOT FORGET THAT WE WERE THE ONES WHO HAS BEEN PLAYING AND SUPPORTING THIS GAME, IT IS THAT SIMPLE REASON WHY THIS GAME IS STILL ALIVE AND KICKING..."
,Recommended,226320,10894458,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AzK,Underrated game
76561198067122652,Recommended,226320,24837328,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,irritatedmongo,"H.o.W-Umbrella wrote a very good review, so I refer you there.  Well said.  I agree.  I'll add my additional 2c here.I've been playing the Batman Arkham games (totally different) and I decided to try this on a whim as I've been on a ""superhero"" kick and waned to try some of my favorite Marvel heroes (and it's free, nothing to lose).My expectations were not very high (FTP).  But I've found myself to have become surprisingly addicted and it's one of my favorite games now.  There is a bit of a ""grind"" in story mode and some of the shared quests.  But I'll add that each hero has different sets of powers so I've found my experience to vary a bit with the different heroes I play so it's fun and not too repetitive.Not PTW, but it's easy to get sucked into the store.  I'm very happy with my purchases, but you can sink a good amount of money if you get hooked.  LOL!  I've probably spent more on his game for heroes than I have for other entire games that I've bought.  :-P  I forget if it was already mentioned, but there is a pool of heroes which you can play for free up to Level 10.  Maximum level is 60, but to unlock that you need to either buy the hero in the store ($), or collect enough ""Eternity Splinters"" (loot items) to level up past Level 10.  Like H.o.W. said, you can opt to buy if you GOTTA have somehing now, or you can be patient and collect enough ""widgets"" & not have to buy stuff.  I found that I could level my heroes up to 10 pretty quickly, so I splurged & bought my favorite heroes.  Some of my other heroes I got at random (free), or in exchange for ""Eternity Splinters.""One thing to be aware of in the store:  Recently they had a ""BOGO"" sale and I bought a couple of heroes.  But you did NOT get to choose which ""GO""  heroes you received.  Buy one hero, and the free hero was random rather than chosen by you.  So make sure you read & understand the sale info carefully.  This could have been communicated better.  But I was not at all disappointed, just something to be aware of.Costumes are among the other items that I've bought in the store.  I like to vary my heroes' appearance & it's MMO anyway.  Some of the female heroes dress like Victoria's Secret models.  I swear that I get the most online ""party"" (coop) invitations when I play as Emma Frost.  LOL!  So I've bought a few costumes for my favorite heroes.  But you can also find them free in the game as a result of ""loot items"" if you're patient.There are a variety of other items available such as costume items, artifacts, brews, genomes & implants (LOL!) to enhance your powers.  Mostly I pick those up for free as loot, because I spent my money on costumes for Emma Frost.  ;-)  But these items can be bought in the store or from vendor characters in game.I think the game is very fun, even a bit addictive.  Especially if you're a Marvel fan.  But you don't have to be.  In comic book terms, I've always found the Marvel Universe to be bigger & more convoluted than he DC Universe.  I don't know who all the heroes are, but I still have fun playing them.  Showing my age perhaps, I grew up with Captain America, Fantastic 4, Spiderman...  When I played I had no idea who Psylocke, Ghost Rider, or Ms. (Captain) Marvel were, but they've become some of my favorite heroes.  Lots of players, lots of coop missions, ""pay for fun"" but not ""pay to win.""  Good times, it's a fun romp."
76561198062544291,Not Recommended,226320,29443951,Posted: 23 January,all,TheSnake666,They take your money and put it on the console version. It was a good game untill they shifted most of there ressource to the console version.
,Recommended,226320,29418876,Posted: 22 January,all,LOCODarude( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Before, I was enraged:I was morbidly curious about the update. Now I regret being curious.Gaz... what can I say? Nicely done. Don't be surprised if people will return to or even join Warframe. WARFRAME HAD LIMITED MOVEMENT TOO YEARS AGO AND PEOPLE WERE GIVIN' UP ON IT QUICKLY. GUESS WHAT. THE DEVS GAVE THE GAME COMPLETELY FREE MOVEMENT WITH NO BLOODY WIND-UP LATER. WHAT YOU DO? THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE. Great job killing your own game. Glad I uninstalled Marvel Heroes and glad I'm enjoyin' being a Tenno. And you also made the grind so much worse it's actually facedesk-until-you-bleed levels of poor.This atrocity you call an update... you should be ashamed of yourself for killing a once damn fun game. Now 'xcuse me, The Lotus awaits me for the next task.Update: I decided to return after 5 months to give this game another chance. Maybe I was way too bitter about the Big Update.And... I can say it's a 50/50. And I'l explain why.Pro 50:It still has that fun feel. In fact it's still addictive to farm. (if you're a ''farmer'', yes. You'll enjoy this game. Especially with a few more friends) I'm ok with the difficulty increase too since it apparently tries to promote cooperation with teammates. Cosmic is quite a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ You need the finest equipment and strong teammates if you wanna survive here. Even on heroic if you don't have  good equipment a boss can kill you with a single charged skill. I'm ok with this tbh. It's not at all bad. You really have to grind for good equipment though. Especially uniques specific for your favorite hero.Between the 50's:The quick-travel skill you have has a pointless 1 second wind-up which is not very pleasant. If Gaz would remove the wind-up it would be nice. I for example want to just GO THERE FAST. Yes, 1 second wind-up doesn't sound too bad but for some it can be quite irritating. It's like watching *insert hero name* pop a fart before he starts moving faster. Even if I got used to it I would prefer to see this gone.Con 50:Yup... the skills. They have been simplified quite a lot. And the passives that you now have to choose serve has buffs for your character or for specific abilities. Plus it feels like they don't really level up with you. I'm sure that depending on one's favorite hero they scale now with the type of damage but since the only way you can obtain more damage is by grinding the finest equipment and gaining Infinity Points (I'll get to this in a bit) it doesn't really make you feel like your hero is going to deal a ton of damage. Not really.Now... the Infinity System. Aka the Paragon from Diablo 3 but more grindy. This one.. I don't really like. Farming I.P for a specific Infinity stone (depending on your character) feels like it kinda takes ages. Maybe it's just me but that's how it feels for me. But here it gets worse. Once you get to level 60 and start gaining Infinity Points you don't add 1 point to each skill specific for the stone. Nope. An example: I'm grinding xp for my Soul Stone on Wolverine. Well... 25 points to get a point in Fighting? And between 4-7 points to improve one of the skills just for 1 level? And every other one except the main Fighting one has 50 levels. 50 ! Same for the other Infinity Stones.You know, it feels like I'm ♥♥♥♥♥ing here but it ain't that ok. Maybe it will get improved later? Maybe.What about my score for the game? Well... at least I'm having fun with it. And it's all that matters. Excluding the Farm Simulator-like Infinity System and the pretty simplified abilities of each hero, Marvel Heroes Omega is fun. It obviously has that Diablo 3 feel to it but for some reason Gaz took a bad choice to make the Infinity System so nauseating. But... maybe it's worth it in the end, as your hero will get super strong (after around 2000 Infinity Points.. which equals around 2000 levels. Ayayay). If one doesn't like Paragon-like grinding, not to mention farming for the best possible equipment in the game then you can try something else. Diablo/PoE  lovers though, maybe give this game a shot. Just some improvement here and there can bring the game in a more than good direction. It isn't as bad as I first thought.Maybe it'll improve in the future? We'll see. Gaz, if you're reading this... please. Make Marvel Heroes better. The Big Update kinda hurt it but I'm sure you can improve it.I give this game a 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,226320,29402285,Posted: 21 January,all,Helkerion,"Really sad turning of event. This game used to be fun.They made a lot of change to be like Diablo, but now there is nothing to do...EDIT :Until the whole content of the changes are in, I do not recommend this game. Unless you are a new player.When the Omega items will be implement, I'll edit my Review if it's worth to be recommend or not.NEW EDIT :The add new items and things on the game, no Omega gears yet. But at least, it gives something to do. So, I recommend this game again."
,Not Recommended,226320,29411366,Posted: 21 January,all,Lycahon,"New update really changed the game. Sad points, some of my favorite heroes are almost unplayable now while some less liked heroes are now really fun. The new skill set is overall better than before. What I really hate about the new update are the nerf of all dash/travel powers. It really sucks honestly. Also, I really hate levelling now. That's coming from a guy who has over 55 cosmics heroes.Worst of all, they were suppose to give us way more content, right now the game seems unfinished and they really makes us realize that we are not worth anything anymore. They are investing all what they've got for the PS4 and the PC version seems to be worth nothing anymore for them.For years, Gazillion was my favortite gaming company. Now it's at the bottom of my list. I will never install or play any of their games ever. No wonder all the good employees left. They knew it was going to be an unethical train wreck.I give it a 2/5. Not worth all the time I played."
76561197966949255,Recommended,226320,29597899,Posted: 30 January,all,Miller82,Use to love this game. I miss talents and creating different specs and earning points. wow among other games just start doing away with that. maybe it will get better again in time. I did enjoy the difficulty slider idea though.
,Recommended,226320,29424700,Posted: 22 January,all,Waffle Time!,"You can play as Deadpool. That's great enough.The positive change in the BUE (Biggest Update Ever) is that now there are no longer power points and you can pretty much use any power and mix them together better...actually it's the only change that should've been made.But you can get used to it.It's not as fast paced as before, but the core gameplay is pretty much the same."
