user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,226560,13275294,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"214 Games in my library as of this writing. While I've regretted buying some of them, NONE of them hit me like this one. $40 down the drain. If it's ever on sale for $5...DON'T BUY IT!Let me just state that I'm one of the biggest Dead Island fans on the planet. Spent much of my life playing DI 1 and Riptide on consoles and PC. So I essentially bought the games twice each with no regrets. I've even spent plenty of hours on DI.E. So yea, I'm a fan of the franchise, but this installment is starting to make me question Deep Silver (something I NEVER thought I would do). Why they would let the Dead Island name go to crap like this and actually publish something like this is beyond my understanding.Graphics/Sound: Looks like it was meant for tablets and smart phones. The voice acting is so bad, it's impossible to even try and immerse yourself.Contols: Combat is terrible, stealth is terrible, gunplay is terrible. It's all just terrible.Story: I could not bring myself to finish this game. I tried and tried and pushed through as much as I could. Aside from the technical side of things being sub par, the story itself is anything but enticing. I wanted to know the origins of the virus, but not like this. I'd rather not know than waste any more time on this...""game"".You've been warned, Dead Island fan or not, stay away from this one."
76561198166653860,Recommended,226560,16019405,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,flinkman,"I love Zombie games, and although I have DI and DI:R in my library, I decided to give this one a shot before the others. Yes, I've read the negative reviews, and decided check it out myself.It has often been noted (negatively) that this is not an Open World game, and for that reason, it's a bad game. Well, Resident Evil and Silent Hill weren't Open World, either. A lot of backtracking was involved with those games. Did those excellent titles suddenly become bad games? No, I don't think so.Yes, EDA is quite linear whereas RE and SH were quite complex. But you know what - I enjoyed it nonetheless. There's a lot to be discovered if you leave the designated path. I'm still struggling with two achievements.Another criticism that has been noted is that there's no multiplayer option. Folks, this is an action adventure with a fixed storyline. It's 100% focused on telling a background story, just like good old adventure titles. Could you imagine a multiplayer Monkey Island? This story is Cliff-centric. Introducing other playable characters just wouldn't make sense.As I said, I haven't played the other titles yet (but I will) and as such don't know how the game blends in with the series, but as a standalone, linear, Metroidvania-style action adventure, it is good entertainment.Maybe I'm biased because I paid 5 bucks when it was on sale.Anyway, I enjoyed it!"
76561197990548443,Not Recommended,226560,13116796,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Ahksar,A terrible generic adventure game. Not a Dead Island game at all. A poor stealth system with glitchy enemy ai and horrible melee combat. No replay value whatsoever (Had 80-90% of all hidden items on the first go). For this price the game is a rip-off. Take a look at the more in-depth reviews if you really wish to try it since i will no longer waste my time explaining why it is what it is. Cheers!
76561198002393850,Not Recommended,226560,21638835,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,stevo808,"I really don't know about this one.Many critics complain about the linearity of this game, or the controls, or the (boring) story etc.I really had no problems with any of these things. For me, the controls are fine, I like the graphics style and I don't mind how linear the game is most of the time. Not every game can be open world and not every game should be open world.So what kills it for me? It's basically two things. For one, the placement of the cutscenes is just awful. When you die, it often makes you re-watch unskipable cutscenes again. Also, collectibles do not save after respawing at a checkpoint, so you have to pick them up again. That's just BS! The second thing is the very last level of the game, which just throws wave after wave of difficult enemies at you - with barely anything between them. This is by far the hardest part of the game and I hated it, because it is just extremely poor and lazy designed. It's the same problem that Deadpool has, where they couldn't come up with something better at the end of the game than throwing more and more hard enemies at you just to hinder you from progressing faster.The last level of Escape Dead Island almost completely ruined the whole experience for me - which was otherwise pretty good I have to say. What a shame. With that being said, I cannot get myself to really recommend this game, although I liked it quite a bit for the most part."
,Not Recommended,226560,13032531,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Landsvoort,"Before you get wrong ideas, I'm a big fan of the Dead Island franchise, but this.....this game has nothing to do with Dead Island or Riptide.Absolutely nothing at all.A lot of people complained about Riptide basically being just a cheap ripoff and DLC for Dead Island, but honestly, I feel that with this game my money have been thrown into the void.I'm sorry, I've tried playing it, giving it some time, but I think that at almost 5 hours I'll just give up and let this game be.Now let's be honest with each other and admit that we paid 40 euro or dollars or whatever just to get the key for the DI2 beta.We got trolled big time.And I'm amazed at how stupid I was to fall for it.Voice acting.It does not make you feel part of the story.It's just some random people reading some lines from a script.Other than that nothing at all.It doesn't quite feel right and I'm sorry for this.Graphics.Who wants a Tell Tale's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rip-off?Combat.Same 3 attacks.The weapon just changes shape.That is for the melee.What else?Oh yeah.PLOT.This big unknown.♥♥♥♥ me, I've found almost 50% of all collectibles and I still don't understand♥♥♥♥♥♥What the hell is this all about?Just plain stupid.Overall, my vote, my personal opinion and my recommendation is that you do not buy this game otherwise you'll get very disappointed.Totally not worth this price and the beta key, well they could do that for free.Don't buy it.Get a better game.There are 100s of them here on Steam, especially at this price."
76561197961622672,Not Recommended,226560,13428913,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Kable ™,"Ok I think possibly this may be my first review in all the years I've had steam and the hundreds of games I own, call me lazy, I dunno.But this game, I felt the strong need to express my utter disappointment, as an avid Dead Island fan from the start I actually pre-ordered this with sheer excitment.That excitment quickly went to disappointment, £35 wasted!Gameplay is repetitive and dull, combat is clunky and just not like how it used to be, graphics look awful, maybe some people like that whole comic style look, but for me, it really took away from the game. Voice acting terrible! No ability to upgrade your weapons in the same way that you could in all the Dead Island games, or actually have any choice as to what weapons you'd prefer to use, you don't even have a choice of character.If you - like me - are a big Dead Island fan, DON'T waste your money on this, this is nothing like Dead Island!!UTTER DISAPPOINTMENT !!! WASTE OF MONEY !!! STAY CLEAR !!!"
,Not Recommended,226560,32335281,Posted: 10 June,all,Robert,"I don't even know what to say about this game. I feel like it's a game that no one asked for, and it shows. The graphics are weird and it can be buggy at times. At quite a few points, I had absolutely no clue WTF was happening with the story.I liked the main Dead Island games. Guess they wanted to try something new. I think it didn't work."
,Not Recommended,226560,19323074,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,NC-17,"I've played Escape Dead Island for nearly six hours now and the game just keep on making me angrier and angrier for every minute. Love the comic art style, but the rip-off Borderlands presentations of the different zombies annoys me.The meelee combat is awkward, clumsy, and the fact that the goddamn camera is included in the weapons wheel can get you easily killed if you press the wrong key in the middle of a fight because CLIFF LIKES TAKING HIS TIME ON CHANGING WEAPONS. The stealth elements are broken since the zombies detect you right away, it's all about good luck most of the time. The story is uninteresting, generic and cliché and I just want to finish the game already. I don't even have to comment on the voice acting and the non-existent sense of humour. It tries to be funny, but doesn't succeed which is embarrassing.Now, about the zombies. They are copies of the zombies in L4D and they respawn as soon as you go back the way you came and zombies spawn in totally LOCKED rooms. That annoys the hell out of me. The laws of physics simply don't apply to this game.Escape Dead Island is simply an ANNOYING and frustrating game. Avoid or only buy at a big discount."
76561198054042128,Not Recommended,226560,16256813,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Intrepid,"The only good thing about this game is its story line. Everything else is either lacking or down right annoying. My biggest complaint is the save system; the problem is that the save points themselves are set in terrible positions. The game is pretty tough at some points so expect to rerun many sections of a lab. Now this isn't necessarily a bad this except you will end up traversing annoyingly long corridors many times over and quite often these paths are completely empty, oh did I mention long? What becomes extremely annoying is that often there is some sort of sound byte or even medium sized cutscenes after a save point. Guess what you don't get to skip each and every time you respawn. If you are 'dying' to delve into this story then be all means be prepared for some frustrations but great immersion, otherwise, stay clear."
,Recommended,226560,16254189,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Cheaplikeafox,"As a big Dead Island fan I couldn't wait for this game to go on sale so I could play the prequel.  Most people had bad things to say about it, but I think that has more to do with expectations than anything else.  First, THIS IS NOT DEAD ISLAND!  Yes, it is a pre-quel, but that is all it shares with the series.  This has different graphics and game mechanics.  This is like a much more interactive Telltale game.  You don't upgrade your weapons or characters like Dead Island and it's not open world and very linear.For what it is, a story driven adventure game with somewhat clunky combat, I enjoyed it quite a bit.  You take on the role of Cliff Calo, who, with the help of two friends, sets off for Narapela to find out what kind of experiments are going on there.  You explore the island trying to find the mystery behind the zombies.  Combat consists of melee and guns, with melee being my preference.  As you go further in the story, you open up more areas of the island and discover upgraded weapons, some of which allow to enter previously unaccessible buildings/areas.  The story builds up pretty nicely.Now, I will say that the end of the game is probably my least favorite part.  The story gets progressively crazier and unbelievable (even in a world with zombies) and the combat jumps in difficulty in the last two missions. Shoot, in the last mission it's like a completely different game with the bosses.  I lucked out that the game sort of glitched and had the last boss stuck on some rocks so I could just unload my pistol and kill him.  So, be aware that the end is not as satisfying as one would wish.Also, I stumbled into the free Underwater Labs DLC story when I thought I was completing a different game mission and it turned out to be one of my favorite missions of the game.  So I would highly recommend you be sure to find the entrance to it and do that mission.Overall:  6 zombie headshots out of 10"
76561198027102438,Not Recommended,226560,19494918,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,meself,"Above all, this game tought me one important lesson: If it's not fun, stop playing!In short: Not recommended, unless you like torturing yourself with bad mechanics, or bland stories which don't get to real conclusion.-Lots of backtracking-Combat mechanics are rather flawed-Fails to be fun-+Story is twisted, which is good, but gets weaker and weaker at some point, to an unsatisfying ending which leaves many holes open-+A rather short game, mostly linear, has small map, but that isn't necesarrily bad. Depends on your taste.+Good graphics+Good soundtrack+Good free DLC+Collectibles are..alrightWhile not being 100% disastrous it is also not too far from that point, and that's a shame because it has potential for something more.And no, I didn't fall into the trap of expecting it to be like Dead Island or Riptide. I knew, or at least thought I knew, what I was getting into. I knew this is NOT RPG, I knew that it is mainly an 'action' title, with a small map, short length, etc..And these are true, and personally I have no problem with them. It's perfectly alright, and ever since I saw the trailer when the game was about to come out, it got my attention. Therefore I quickly grabbed it when it was finally on sale.While I guess you could say this game is worth at least those 4 bucks, and you'd be right, I still feel my time was terribly wasted.This game is simply not all that fun, and, sometimes it does so in a cruel way.Gameplay-wise, you would mainly run around some other zombie-infested island - a mostly linear experience - advancing with the story and smashing zombies along the way.As I said earlier the island's area is relatively small, although appropriate for the game's type and length. YET somehow the developers arranged the game in a way that makes you BACKTRACK A WHOLE LOT. I Hate backtracking. And playing through the game, you'd find yourself walking through the same areas, threading the same caves, climbing the same ladders, using the same ropes, crounching under the same foliage, over, and over, and over, again.Did I miss something?Oh yes, you won't JUMP over anything.Our hero is capable of sending zombies to their ultimate deaths but cannot jump.This may sound like a minor detail, and if the game was done correctly it could have been. But doing all this backtracking just to run around some annoying not-too-giant obstacles just makes you think WHY CAN'T YOU JUMP CLIFF? WHY????The combat, which is a big part of the game, won't save things either, for the simple reasons of it being repetitive and monotonous, but above all, way too laggy! The controls would always respond in delay, the combat mechanics feel flawed and clunky.Also, our hero would die SO FAST. No matter how much medkits you'd collect along the way, (and these would tell yo that you've raised your max health, yeah right!), you'll just keep dying quickly, without even realizing what's happening!At first these buggy mechanics are bearable, but later in the game on the parts which are meant to be more challanging, it becomes a pain in the butt.Switching weapons is also not too quick or responsing, and the result is a combat which is not flowing at all, and you'd pray to end it as quickly as possible.Yes, you will pray. Or just quit. Or just break your computer, as I almost did.There are also MANY collectibles throughout the island. usually these are logs\recordings\etc you'd have lying around and well hidden, there are also snapshots which you can take with your camera. I actually found this aspect nice and enjoyable, but it grew tired soon enough, and didn't make up for the rest of the game.The one thing which really kept me from leaving this game mid-way to rot in the depths of my ""Don't Like"" category on Steam, was the story. And as much as it hurts to say, it wasn't too good or worth it, as well.It is very twisted, which is actually a good thing in my opinion. It is also very bland at some points, which is neither good or bad for me, and can be easily made into superb plot with just one single strong ending.There wasn't.I guess the concept was alright and a somewhat original twist to the classic zombie stories (Some evil corporation spreads the virus because it wants to rule the world\it is just plain stupid), but still, the story is not getting too clear throughout the game. For many of the events, you'll never figure out if they ACTUALLY happened or are simply a fruit of our hero's rather limited imagination.The ending doesn't properly close the game, there are many holes and questions unanswered, and it is simply not justifying the time spent on.No need to say the chatacters have no depth or any development (storywise).My expectations were high because this game is supposed to be ""the missing link between Dead Island and Dead Island 2"" as the description said. But it didn't really surprise or bring anything good. Oh, and there's one very notable connection to the previous titles: (again, storywise) Xian Mei (hope I wrote that correctly) would be our guest star, her purpose not too clear, and while on previous games she seemed like the kindest person on earth, here she's mostly an annoying ♥♥♥♥♥ with an annoying accent.Not being racist here.So, there it is, with a heavy heart I would definitely NOT recommend this game, unless you like torturing yourself. There are some bright sides which are worth mentioning, although they fail to save the game from being what it is.The graphics are actually pretty good, not too demanding and not too fancy but has a cool comic-style which is very refreshing to the series and I always like to see in video games.The soundtrack is splendid! Feels like a waste for this game, but, it really keeps the atmosphere in a good place, very dramatic and tense, very fitting, very epic, simply great!Unfortunately, these make the game look like a nice package while the inside is an utter mess.The Underwater Labs is also worth mentioning, for being a free DLC, it is quiet good and mostly enjoyable. While it doesn't have much connection to the main story, it would take you aside to an hour or two of something...else. It is probably the only portion of the game which was actually creepy for me. There was a special emphasis on sneaking around instead of storming your enemies, it was bizzare and twisted, tense, and, well, good. Until the game mechanics ruined it and it's final section almost made me quit the game for good.Maybe I should have."
,Not Recommended,226560,21419908,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Jesseric,"It was an okay game till about half way through the game, it became a horrible mess. When switching between guns it would empty out my ammo. Would say I have 30 shutgun shells then in the end when I switch to it it said I had 0. After I had picked up ammo for it too. Cliff kept getting stuck, zombies saw me through walls and I wasn't moving or close to them. I was having a good enough time till halfway. I finished the game for the sake of it, but now I wish I didn't"
,Not Recommended,226560,13342923,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Ser Scratch,"I really wanted this to be a great game..Cons:- A checkpoint system that saves at the worst times, and espesially in front of cutscenes or far behind where you were.- Unskippable cutscenes, even after you've already seen it. Making the checkpoint system even worse.- Infuriatingly difficult at times, and not that I don't want a challenge. But a certain mini-boss is now as good as unbeatable.- Lips do not move out of cutscenes, which in 2014 is unacceptable.- No crafting- Lots of backtrackingPros- The story is not that bad, actually interesting considering the mystery element.- The artstyle, I really liked it.- You do get some weapon upgrades.- StealthSo do I recommend the game? I honestly do not know.. At times it is a blast, but then it is just horrible. So I suggest maybe watching a few reviews of people playing it first."
76561197972209383,Recommended,226560,30275408,Posted: 2 March,all,Embersember,"As many of the other reviews have pointed out here, this game is not at all like Dead Island. It is an action stealth game, with a strong focus on story, and a lot of the complaints about it seem to be from people who did not read the description or any reviews and wanted just more of the same DI. I also liked DI, but please, judge this game for what it is actually trying to do here.Pros-Amazing story. One of the best stories involving zombies period. It's not the standard ""bunch of survivors who don't get along,"" it tries to do something new and really succeeds.-Good graphics. Cell shaded comic book stuff, but occasionally uses that look to do some really cool, surprising things.-Fine combat/stealth. This isn't the reason to buy this game, but it works fine. Hits feel weighty, like they should, stealth isn't overly complicated, and you can usually handle the stand-up fight if stealth fails. Takes a little thought to get dodging and timing right, but once you get it, it's fun and not particularly frustrating.Cons-A little clunky. EDI was developed by a small team, and it kinda shows. Nothing is particularly fluid, but not in a way to really take you out of it. Some invisible walls and getting stuck on terrain, but it's better than quite a few AAA titles out there.-Unskippable cutscenes. Some are skippable, but most are not, and they replay if you die after one. Annoying, and they waste a few seconds each time.-Weapon switching. It takes about a second after selecting a weapon, for Cliff to start switching, which is frustrating when the zombies you were shooting jump at you, and you want a melee weapon quick. This killed me most of the times I died, and you really need to do some planning for when you will need something.A final note: when I started this game, I was not very into it. Cliff begins as an incredibly insufferable character, the tutorial has you going back and forth though the same areas, and I hadn't really got a handle of the combat. But, having played trough the whole thing, there is a good reason for those things. It is important that Cliff is a jerk, and the game is better for it, same with the backtracking. So keep with it, and play it for what it is, a truly great story in a good action-stealth game."
,Not Recommended,226560,23191619,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,CinderellaMan,"Generally, a fun game and interesting story.  There are 2 things that make this game INFURIATING.1) The checkpoints are too far apart and in MORONIC places.  How about putting them just immediately prior to boss encounters like every other game ever made?2) You can't skip cutscenes rendered with the game engine.So basically, you encounter a challenging section... ok, fine.  You die.  You respawn and go through the same 2-3 minutes of monotonous gameplay, including an unskippable cutscene.  You die again.  You repeat this 10 times.  You wish that the developers would drown in acid and die.Please learn something from this devs.  The steam reviewers have spoken.  This ONE issue has killed this game for many.  Keep the challenging sections, yes... but be SMARTER about the respawn points and let us skip all cutscenes.  I want to be back in there kicking the♥♥♥♥♥of that boss within 10 seconds.Get it on sale DO NOT pay full price."
76561198145320641,Not Recommended,226560,21508462,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,KingFox,"Could have been much better.Graphics are cool, and tehre's some good parts of a game.But it falls mediocre and lots of little issues makes it very annoying, like the badly placed checkpoints, that leaves you really away from the places you die and makes you watch over and over again the cutscenes without allowing you to skip them. The level design makes you walk over and over again parts of the map that are really not interesting, the bad colission when you'e crouching will prevent you from using properly your stealth skills.In the end of the game things get very buggy (wasn't like this in the most of the game) changing the number of ammo you have, not swappting the weapons (at normal speed or at all) and lots of things that will make the extremely difficult scenes from the end really hate the game.The character seems to get weaker and weaker, loosing the stamina really quickly and leaving you surrounded by the most dangerous zombies (that will kill you on 2 or 3 strikes) of the game with no chance of moving, fighting back or even taking damage... what's the point of making a stamina/health bar that runs out whatever you do? if you run, dodge or hit it consumes the tiny stamina bar (that doesn't improve at all along the game) and you're done, zombies start spawning around you and there's nothing to do but seeing the (from the 10th time you see it) annoying animation of respawning.I wasn't going to give it a bad review, but from mediocre that was from the very beginning went to really annoying and frustrating in the end.Also (I think it is ridiculous that developers and testers didn't notice this) I couldn't even keep up with the logs, as they are shown in a masive black square with the text in the middle of the screen and doesn't even pause the action, so if you want to read them you have to hide in a corner while you do it. Was it so difficult to put the text on the bottom or top of the screen so player can keep going and listen to the log?Lots of simple things bring this game down for me.I wouldn't recommend it, only if you get it cheap on sales, it may worth it, but there are so many other good games to play..."
76561197982565433,Not Recommended,226560,31465742,Posted: 30 April,all,ruwagrong,"Checkpint system is garbage, might as well start from begining of the level, Combat is repetitive, constantly clicking left mouse with no variation. Story is uninteresting, psychologic parts are interesting and that is it. Ton of bugs, I even got stuck behind a sofa inside the villa, had to reset game"
,Not Recommended,226560,13059044,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Kevin7557,"The Good: Fun Comic Book Art style, combat and stealth are fun, Sound Effect PopupsThe Bad: Short (3-4 hours without collectibles), Hidden Ending, story feels salvaged,The WTF: Shifting World that feels hindered by lack of flushing outEscape: Dead Island is an amazing game hindered by a lack of faith in it by the publisher. What results is a short hobbled version of a grander planned experience. Deep Silvers lack of faith radiates sharply with a complete lack of advertisement for the game leaving my discover of its release solely to pure luck.The game is short, roughly 3-4 hours if you don't care at all about the collectables. I do, obsessively, so with them you can grind out an additional 2-3 hours. During which you'll be treated to a 3D metroid style world with hidden weapons, collectibles, and health upgrades galore. Through the collectibles and pictures you take with the camera you'll receive the majority of the back-story, of the virus's lore, the villains motivation, essentially everything.On the other hand, the main story  is hobbled, short, and feels salvaged. It and its characters would be entirely forgettable without the flushing out the lore collectibles provides them. Without spoiling the ending, I must say it doesn't resolve anything, but there is a hidden ending. Unlocking it is as mysterious as unlocking the 4 bunkers in game, and help for doing so as of this writing is entirely none existent.Gameplay wise the game does well. There is a simple stealth system that you will rarely use, but the main combat mechanics (Melee and guns) flows fluidly, with each blow results in a reaction from any creature. Once timing is perfected for the harder enemies they're easy although time consuming to dispatch. Dodge mechanic is responsive and a pure requirement for combat. Without its use enemies will auto lock onto you, rarely missing.Stealth is deadly, especially after recovering the knife allowing for instantaneous takedowns. Sneaking up on unaware enemies allows for stealth kills, dropping the enemy instantly regardless of class. It is extremely satisfying to get a higher tier mutant this way. Unfortunately level design often hinders stealth, levels are often narrow and compact leaving little to no room to sneak behind enemies with only a few exceptions. Important linear areas typically boil down to combat only, with a few opportunities for thinning the horde.Aesthetically the games comic book, heavy black lines and pop up sound effects give the game a fantastically fun feel. Hit walls, sound effect, hit enemies, sound effect, steam coming out of a pipe, sound effect. Without a doubt the sound effect popup were my favorite feature. Details are not skimped on, characters are detailed, while mutants/infected have a few variations are largely the same class to class.I had fun with Escape Dead Island, but what stops me from recommending this game is the lack of conclusion it has. It's something that is nearly impossible explain without spoiling what happens after the end so spoiler warning :The game circles back to the beginning of its own events.There are hints that something else is going on, but answers and satisfaction are relegated to the hidden ending. Price wise I feel good about the game, but I got it last minute prepurchase while on sale, giving access to Dead Island 2 beta and a first issue of the Dead Island comic. Without these perks I'd wait till the game hits around $20 to pick it up."
76561198140401612,Recommended,226560,32556727,Posted: 18 June,all,Adragos,"The most weird game of dead island series. Only the zombies are not a problem. Another problem is our mind.Hallucinations, interesting facts...Drawing graphics are really fun and gameplay is good enough.And the most important think is the story is very curious.Really Good Story7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,226560,22900333,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,GraveDigger,"Holy Mother of God this game is horrendous. Luckily I only bought it for $4 and was fooled into purchasing it for because I thought it would at least have something to do with the Dead Island franchise. The only thing that this game has in common with DI is that they both have zombies...This game truly is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I honestly do not know what the worst part about it is. The story line is absolute crap. The voice acting is absolute crap. The game play is also absolute crap. Finally, the checkpoints (yes you guessed right!) are ABSOLUTE ♥♥♥♥ING CRAP. When boss battles are coming up or tough areas, there are often unskippable cut scenes that you must watch again and again until you finally beat the ♥♥♥♥ing boss or area. Not to mention, they put you so far back that you end up playing the same area 100 ♥♥♥♥ing times before you make any progress.This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the fact that they can use Dead Island in the title is saddening because the actual DI games are good. ♥♥♥♥ this game, ♥♥♥♥ the devs, and ♥♥♥♥ the stupid artists and crappy♥♥♥♥♥cut scenes.Do not buy this game, do not even play this game if you somehow get it for free. 0/10 because this game is just♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,226560,22530014,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Dosto,"Not even as bad as ppl say, pretty enjoyable game with a nice twist, also a good cell shading artstyle. The story is kinda confusing and some minor bugs but nothing gamebreaking or something like thatits a fine 7/10 game that you can pick up for 7 bucks or less on sale.Not great but not bad either."
76561198042693896,Recommended,226560,13012227,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Nintendon't,"I had no expectations when I started playing this game, however I am very familiar with all of the Dead Island related titles released so far, so here are my impresions from that perspective:* the graphics are caught somewhere between ""Borderlands"" and TellTale's ""Walking Dead"" game.* the gameplay is different from the previous Dead Island titles; Jump has been removed and now you have a dodge maneuver using the space bar. Combat happens from a 3rd view perspective and attacks require more timing, however attacking is fluid enough once adapted to it. Stealth is a main component in this title and is implemented in a simple but efficient manner.* there are no RPG related elements like currency, custom weapons, item collection, leveling up, etc.* the game is more linear as in you need to get certain items and complete objectives in an order so the next area can be unlocked.""Escape"" is an entirely different game experience from the previous titles which I found quite enjoyable and welcome. The game offers a lot of background information into the epidemic and some of the characters involved thus filling in some of the gaps. I recomend this game but be aware it does not play or feels like the previous Dead Island titles so do not purchase if you are expecting something close to the earlier installments or you might be dissapointed.Edit: deleted previous ""Edit"" note."
76561198173606567,Recommended,226560,32263112,Posted: 8 June,all,KeinSchiesse,"This game would have fared better if it had just not been affiliated with Dead Island at all. While there are similarities in some of the environments and enemy types, the game's gameplay, pacing, and visual design are all separate from that franchise. If you approach this game as a simple, arcade-y experience, with stealth elements and bright, colorful graphics but can accept it has simple enemy patterns and somewhat limited features (navigate areas, find health boosts, shoot dudes in the face... sneak up on them to shank them, etc..) I think your expectations will be somewhat in line with what this game offers.I had heard this game was horrible so my expectations of it were really low upon booting it up, but I found myself immediately a fan of the somewhat cel-shaded, colorful graphics, and the violent, bloody effects.Opening the game with a ninja-type character as you go forward through the tutorial, dismembering lurching zombies and sneaking up on them to perform stealth kills was something I wasn't expecting. Unfortunately, your time with this cooler tutorial character is cut short and you are then shifted to play as the main protagonist, who many people have found annoying in a ""Far Cry 3♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥lead character"" kind of way. I found his character tolerable/not that bad. The other characters in the game as well can appear a bit one-dimensional, as well as the story (Shipwrecked. Hidden Zombie Labs. Escape with other survivors.) but the cutscenes themselves have a cool illustrative / anime type look to them, and the gameplay inbetween the somewhat lame story developments or vocal delivery is solid, so to me I can overlook the somewhat bogus context in which the game takes place.If you think the game's graphical style looks cool, I think the gameplay itself is fun enough to at least recommend giving it a try. I do think the game is very simple and somewhat generic, but whereas I was just looking for something a bit mindless, colorful, and violent to play through I enjoyed it."
,Not Recommended,226560,20441659,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,PinkPony,"[Update] Having played this game for some hours into its ""New Game Plus"", I've become more and more frustrated with its clunky controls, uninterruptable animations(I was blocked from attacking for 8 seconds, while being attcked, while he took his gasmask off then equipped his melee), bad (or lack of) animation, hugely spaced checkpoints, and overpowered enemies. Play this game through once with an open mind and you might like it, but for me at this point, my review has changed from positive to negative. There are simply better, more fun to play games out there, and I'm deeply sickened at the thought of having to do the final boss again just to get 100%(two full playthroughs is an acheivement).[Original]Escape from Dead Islandis not a bad game. It isn't great, it might not even be good, but it does what it set out to do competently. DoNOTget this game because you liked the main Dead Island games - this is nothing like that. I can't stress enough that this isNOT a horror game.EfDIis a metroidvania-esque character action game, having you explore an island from set A-to-B points using whatever item you just got to access new areas. There are numerous collectables, some hidden behind item-locked rooms that will require backtracking to get, and an extensive(and good)bonus mission thanks to the free DLC.Despite hitting a progression-blocking bug 15 minutes into the game(the next room simply didn't load, leaving a void, which inexplicably corrected itself after a system reboot), I have since spent a fair number of hours - dare I say it - having fun in this colourful universe of zombies and constant scouring to find goodies.The combat is basic: Fast combo; Heavy attack(and I meanheavy, it takes 3 seconds to swing); Push(I think this is overlooked by most - it stuns any enemy out of their attack pattern!); and Dodge(which requires surprisingly precise timing to actually avoid an attack). Most of the time you'll be dispatching basic zombies with two lights and a heavy or 3-4 lights, or a Run-Push, which knocks down most enemies in one hit for an instant kill. One thing this game excels is making weapons feel good - the guns sound satisfyingly hefty and the melee really feels like it has force behind it(though they all use the same animations, which is odd for the Katana).Stealth is managed quite nicely, using a large ""!"" that fills to indicate how aware enemies are of you. For basic zombies it's pretty leniant, for the advanced ones, less so, but all the more satisfying for it. The main flaw of this system is the requirement to crouch to stealth and stand to stealth kill - the game is VERY fiddly with where it will allow you to stand up. More than once I've snuck up on a zombie and mashed 'A', only to be given a ""Blocked from standing up"" prompt and for their alert meter to fill up.One thing this game does very nicely, along with its cel-shading shaders, is the inclusion of 'insanity effects'. Cliff seems to be losing his mind throughout the game, which allows for some very bizzare effects to occur and keep things interesting. That said, Cliff is a fairly unlikeable jabroni, with his chocolate ice-cream hair, 'deep' tattoo, and recurring ""I've got this"" attitude. He's certainly not the worst character I've ever seen, but the three main student/investigative reporter characters fit right in with the FarCry 3 universe of rich, entitled daddy-issue trash. I mean, Cliff steals his daddy's yacht so he can get a 'scoop' to secretly win his affection.Speaking of scoops, this game prominently features the use of a camera to take photos, which I was not at all aware of coming in to it. Now, this is entirely optional, purely for collectables, but it fits with the character and makes areas a little more interesting as you frequently flip to camera-mode to spont any new glowing objects to capture. This feature has its downsides though - for example, whenever you enter a new area, crates and beer bottles begin glowing again despite them already being captured. Cliff also includes a terrible one-liner with each, though only 10% of these are voiced.This game hasn't received any awards for writing, and for good reason. Characters are mostly one-dimensional stereotypes(""the artist"", ""the reporter"", ""the mysterious badass"")and references to other games are frequent and unfunny. Cliff is probably the worst voiced character of them all, often reading lines like he doesn't understand the context and sounding like he just solved a crossword rather than forcing a door open.The graphics are actually really good, beleive it or not. The cel-shaded filter works really well to give you that comic-book feel, along with the little sound-effect pop-ups when you do anything noisy(though ""scrounge"" as a sound-effect is one of my favourites). Animation on the other hand, is not. None of the characters facially emote during animated cutscenes and Cliff doesn't even open his mouth when talking out of one. The game also has its issues with shadows and the transition between the ambient lighting of different areas, but that's hardly uncommon. The drawn cutscenes are stunning however, acheiving a level of 3D space using drawn art I've rarely seen before - truly beautiful and nicely styalised(though the characters can look fairly different between the different cutscenes).A major weakness of this game is the lack of an inventory. There is absolutely no way for you to remind yourself what key items you have, such as keycards, without going up to a door to see whether the prompt is highlighted or not. This uselessness travels over to the map, which is by far the worst map I've ever seen in a videogame. The map is non-interactable, an abstract representation with no points of reference besides a numbered list of locations, and absolutely no help if you're trying to remember where a certain previously-locked area was.So, in summation, this is not a brilliant game. You probably won't play it again in the future, but you might have fun like me while you do. The combat is frustrating and can turn against you fairly quickly, but you are usually given all the options you need to survive one way or another(upon repeated deaths ammo spawns next to you), just make sure you scour the levels for Medkits, which permamently increase your max health(you'll need it). The nice art, Cliff's sanity and numerous collectables keep things interesting while you venture through this fairly uninspired, but serviceable game."
,Recommended,226560,30225084,Posted: 27 February,all,Natsu Dragneel,"Scary, fun, comic looking, trippin balls zombie game"
,Not Recommended,226560,30292196,Posted: 3 March,all,Munkee,"Where to start..First this is nothing at all like Dead Island or Dead Island Riptide. This is a very from point A to B type of game. With no real exploration.No leveling, skills, modding weapons. You get 2 guns and 2 melee.. atleast all I saw.The good things is there is stealth, you can sneak through most the game and collect ammo for boss fights. I also liked the art style.But that was all I could really like, the combat was more simple than megaman on the NES but so broken..melee attacks and gunfire seem to only hit when it wants even if you see it clearly hit the zombie.*You pick up medkits that say ""+1 Max Health"" yet you still die in 3 hits no matter what the entire game.*Moves like to throw a zombie down or power attacks seem to work when you didn't wanna do it, then not work when you need it.*The main character has the worst ego.. mix Logan from Dead Island with Dante from the DmC reboot.*The story feels all over the place like the threw darts at ideas and tossed it together.*And my god.. dying, dying itself isn't too terrible. You die, it teleports you back to the last save and even gives you a little free ammo to help. That I liked. But the fact you die, screen whites out then he takes like 20 seconds to stand up, look around THEN you can move..Which really suck when you get a long unskippable cutscene.. and there are a lot..I came into this with a open mind that it won't be like the Dead Island I spent hours on ps3 and steam learning every secret and got lost exploring all day.But this was just... so poor.. I got this on a 3 dollar sale and even for what I saw, it was not worth it.This game is fairly rated a 2/10Would of been a possible 3 but that ending.. ♥♥♥♥ that ending.."
76561198076773333,Recommended,226560,30111919,Posted: 22 February,all,MzFaTaLFiXX,"I bought this game awhile back when it was on sale and it's been sitting in my library collecting dust. Finally I got around to give it a try and I'm really glad that I did. I'm a huge fan of the Dead Island series but this one is definetly not the same as the rest. This game isn't made by the same people who did the Dead Island series, Techland. It's made by Fatshark. So with that being said, most ppl should know it's not going to be the same exact anything from the others. Clearly if you watch the trailer or gameplays, you can see that for yourself.This is a third person action adventure game. It can be approached with a stealth style or pure hack n slash with it's variety of melee weapons you encounter through the game. You also can choose to use gunplay as well, also just about finding the different kinds of weapons throughout the game. t's a cel shaded graphics style game which I happen to be a fan of. None of the weapons are customizable as in the other DI series and I didn't mind that much, no skill trees for your character either which was fine. The plot is basically how the zombie outbreak in Banoi Islands took place, the who and the why.I know that this game has a lot of negative comments and reviews just like some of the other DI franchise did. I tend to not really believe much of the hype and find out for myself.  Sure everygame has a few glitches here and there but to be honest I only came across 1 in my whole gameplay. I had died and when I was respawning, I kept falling through the game model into a cloud of nothing, over and over. So a simple fix was to quit the game and join back in. It worked and I was in the exact same spot but this time no falling :) So the melee combat isn't superb and I found to be a tad bit clunky but a lot of that has to do with timing and knowing when to dodge and swing. Which is why I think why most ppl gave it bad reviews in this area. Which is cuz most ppl want to just go in and slaughter, fast and easy. Where in some cases especially on the special zombies, you have to know their moves and how to handle them properly. So it takes a bit of skill, smarts and ofc good hand and eye coordination (timing) So if you're one to be a bit lazy in those departments, this game may not be for you. One thing I did find extremely annoying was there were certain scenes you could skip. If you died though, the short cut scenes couldn't be skipped. And I won't lie, I died quite a few times especially in the area leading up to the final boss scene. Hearing the same short lines over and over can make you go a bit postal if you let it lol. But other than that, it's a small gripe that can be overlooked in my opinion. If you still are unsure if this game is for you, my best recommendation is to do your research. Check out gameplay videos and see for yourself, hearing other ppls opinions will only take you so far. At the end of the day, we aren't all alike so you know best & what's good for you. But I definetaly recommend this game, grab it when it's on sale and get to killing! =)"
,Not Recommended,226560,21953162,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Doc Brown,"How they fix you dying multiples times? give you 5 rounds of pistol ammo, Totally going to help against those 2 butchers im trying to fight :/"
76561197985072747,Recommended,226560,14952866,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - 3rd Person Survival Horror (Cel Shaded)I have enjoyed every single Dead Island game released on Steam thus far and this is no exception. Although it plays differently to the FPS original Dead Island games and the MOBA Epidemic. This is more centred around a story and sees you not only trying to survive the island but your own sanity with strange events being triggered, think of a cartoony Evil WIthin. I haven't completed the game yet so don't know the full story. Although this is good as stops me from spoiling it for you.You get to use melee and ranged weapons and you will find various key items that allow you travese more and more of the Island. Sometimes this will make you go back to previous visited areas that were inaccessible before, so make notes as you go. The graphics although more cartoony than the other games look nice, as a fan of Cel Shaded graphics. The story will keep you interested and a few familar faces will pop into the game as you progress. I am over half way through and don't think this is an overly long game, although the Free DLC adds significant new content. However, if you are an achievement hunter, there is always plenty to go back for. I got the game on sale and think the original asking price was way to high, but if you can get at a fair price and are a fan of Dead Island games I would recommend giving this a whirl."
76561198028367195,Not Recommended,226560,24062504,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,supesandbats,"Full disclosure, I didn't bother to finish the game on account of it being boring.I made it to level 6, and I backtracked over the island to get keycards enough times that I'm confident that the games pace wasn't going to change.Pros:-Zombies-stealth killing zombies-cel shaded style looks not bad-taking picturesCons:-awful dialogue-one animation for stealth kills-backtracking-an elevator wave scenario-unskippable in game cut scenes(there are some cut scenes you can skip though)-keycards, keycards, keycards-repetive boring combat-climbing ladders that go on forever-zombies respawn in areas when backtracking in the exact same locations"
,Not Recommended,226560,29857104,Posted: 11 February,all,Exterminans27,"First of all I have never played any of the other Dead Island Games, but I just bought this one because I thought it looked kinda interesting and fun. Well, to put it short... It's not.I really liked the game in the beginning. I found the scenery of the island quite beautiful and while I didn't understand the story, as it is quite confusing, that kind of captivated me, as I wanted to figure out what was going on with my main character.Nearly 10 hours later I still don't know what's going on and I don't know if I ever will, because I'm not sure if I can actually force myself to finish the game. It is so incredibly frustrating.It's really just small flaws but they make the game so incredibly annoying to play. The worst one of them is definitely that the game sets its automatic checkpoints at the worst points ever, so that if you die in one of the main fights, you get put back in some stupid random ravine and spend the next minute walking back to that fight, in many cases just to sit through an unskippable cutscene again before you get a new attempt at beating the fight.Now if you kinda suck at games like I do, this can be incredibly frustrating as I often died 10s into a boss fight and then spend a minute walking back there and watching the ♥♥♥♥ing cutscene again over and over and over until I finally beat the boss.I guess you won't have that problem if you just don't die a single time, but if you do, and more than once, this becomes absolutely infuriating and frustrating.I really can't recommend this game because it brought me more frustration than entertainment.Not sure if I will even finish it."
76561198035599199,Recommended,226560,15746693,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,johntohill,"This is thoroughly underrated game, and I think a lot of the negativity spawns from the fact it's still technically a dead island game.  I suppose it needed that banner flagship to get noticed on here but the similarities to that series stops at the name, barring a brief cameo from an original character and the occasional namedropping of Banoi.  You're not even on Banoi in this game!  Instead you're on another island nearby which has suffered from a similar affliction of the walking dead.  If this had been some new zombie-flavoured IP I think it would have a positive or very positive rating on here.In a nutshell, it's a exploration-stealth-zombie-splat-adventure-a-thon.  People do rag on the combat and I can understand where they're coming from.  Sometimes, in particular, during heated close combat engagements where I'd be running away from whatever is currently trying to eat my face, all the while hurriedly reloading, I'd then spin round quickly to fire from the hip and I'd always find myself firing slightly to the right of where I intended and how the screen seemed to imply I was facing.  This led to me often missing things at point-blank-range.  Deliberate aiming as the horge descends on you works much better.  And the stealth kills I felt were a treat, having to stalk up on your prey, always on edge wondering whether I would be spotted by my target zombie or one of his buddies and turned into some prime chowder.  Not only that but shooting zombies from afar with your silent pistol as the rest looking around all confused was also very satisfying.  The melee combat was the standard quick button mashing affair and always came down to the two keystrokes of attack/dodge (don't even bother with the slow heavy attack).  By and large I think smashing away was easier than it needed to be but occasionally the close combat experience would just click and you'd find yourself swatting back zombies on all sides and finding yourself thoroughly enjoying every second!The art style really works.  The cell-shaded visuals reminded me strongly of Borderlands and everything was bright, colorful and easily identifiable.  Of particular note are the gorgeous comic-book style stills between scenes.  The cartoonish aesthetic really was a welcome change of pace from the gritty depressiveness of the original series.Stealthily exploring the island and picking up countless nuggets of backstory was where the game really shone.  Not only that but the storytelling was far more engaging than the original series.  Think spec ops/heart of darkness by way of the zombie apocalypse, drawing you ever deeper into the protagonist's madness.  Also, there was a gameplay impacting point to exploration with the inclusion of medikits scattered far and wide.  Though weirdly upon pick up the screen would flash up '+1' or '+3' health increase.  There was no indicator of health in any numeric/visual form beyond the standard blood staining around the screen border upon taking damage so what these numbers meant is anyone's guess.  You did at least notice over time that you could take an extra slash or two from the island bestiary.There were a few other niggles and oddities, like the fact your torch doesn't alert zombies at all.  Would have been nice and a bit more realistic to have to turn it off to sneak up on the undead.  Also, the number of times I wished I had a grenade...  And I thought the dialogue was a bit odd and stiff to begin with but as it went on I got used to it and began to really enjoy the character's interaction and plaintive despair from the main character as he went further round the bend.  The cartoonish style of the game also helps smooth the dialogue a good bit and makes it fit.In short, if you love zombies and want a break from standard FPS zombie blasing, and you enjoy some good old fashioned exploration and stealth killing with a swiftly ramping up in stakes story then buy this now.  And definitely pick it up if it's on sale!"
76561198041111130,Not Recommended,226560,15734294,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Marta the Zombie killing machine,Not the best game I have ever bought took awhile to get used to it but it never grabbed me like dead island or riptide.
,Recommended,226560,18637233,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,BushDidIt,"This game is quite enjoyable. It has its pros and cons but its nowhere near a bad game. i was a big fan of dead island and riptide so i decided to get this as well seeing it was only $5. I'm gonna start with the pros then the cons as i feel as though this game deserves a fair review.Pros- nice artwork (similar to that in the walking dead but with its own style)- good story- zombies- weapons do realistic amounts of damage- smooth combat- nice animation- runs very smoothly with very little performance drops- replayable- funCons- zombies seem a bit OP. they can finish you in 3 hits and if you're swarmed then you're ♥♥♥♥ed. especially if there's a spitter or 2 around- weapons are rare, unlike the previous games in the series- not open world. this isn't really a con but it takes away the dead island feel. the other games were so good because of the freedom to explore a tropical paradise swarmed with zombies- health gets depleted very easily which makes the game pretty hard at times (thats what she said)- lacks the dead island feel- can get quite frustrating at times and has quite a bit of backtrackingit's a pretty good game overall but if the health were a bit better, the zombies more balanced and weapons more plentiful then this game would be amazing. worth getting if on sale or if you enjoy the dead island games."
76561198123268018,Recommended,226560,18825513,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Siege,The good things are weaphons and combat also killing zombies how ever the worst thing is each time the guy is weaking up in a dream. 1 or 2 times will be a good but 20 times dream sceans are so bored. I just played this game cause i'm the fun of Dead Island series. If you are the fun too just buy and play it worth..
76561198098325894,Recommended,226560,32958118,Posted: 28 June,all,Bipots2,"This game is a stealth based spin off of the action packed Dead Island series. It manages to change the gameplay completely and yet still feel like it belongs in the Dead Island universe. There are several different weapons to aid you on your journey, each one requiring different tactics to take out zombies.Very fun game. The story is rather trippy and I don't fully understand it, but it just makes it that much more interesting."
76561197972076777,Recommended,226560,15072612,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Jellycrusher,"The game is in fact not THAT bad. One only needs to understand that it isn't a ""real"" Dead Island sequel nor Dying Light-type game. It is somewhat different thing and it can be enjoyable even if it lacks the complexity and depth of these titles. There is no real open world, only a feigned one. As in some older games, you cannot enter every area at first and you need to return to some places later (but I don't consider this a fault).CONS:- too expensive at 20 euros  (and it was horrendously expensive earlier), but when on a 50% sale, I think it's worth the money;- the character cannot jump nor walk over high ledges (it means you cannot fall over ledges, but hey, being not able to jump over a bench or table?);- the character cannot stand up from the crawl when too close to obstacles, and it spoils many ""silence-kill"" opportunities;- stupid old-console-like saving system;- voice acting - too exaggerate as for my taste, at least in the recordings you found during the gameplay.PROS (IMHO):- very nice, comic-style graphics (event if some textures ARE ugly);- funny ideas as visible words depicting sounds (consistent with the comic-style look);- a deeper insight into the original Dead Island incident (not too original though);- good music and sound;- nice character design;- just right difficulty (I hate games that are too hard, I don't have the time for many repeated attempts, I have my job and family to care for ;) )."
,Recommended,226560,14523435,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,PitifulRenegade,"cleary a under-rated game, and his futur is to be forbidden...+ :-simple gameplay-Good Story line (SPOILER: Love the part when Cliff become crazy )-Good lifetime (10H if you rush, 25-30h if you play slowly and do the DLC)-The game is difficult, low life, strong ennemy and not a lot of checkpoint. (in the begining, not really...but in the end, yes. )-need to be stealy, except in the end.-Free DLC-the main character-AMAZING soundtrack-a LOT of items to find, good for researcher.-reference to ""The cake is a lie""-don't need a bad sequel.-:-repetive gameplay-ending not very clear. (there are a CLIFFhanger...get it?...play the game, you understand. )-Strange checkpoint-The friends of the hero...full of cliche.-;+ :-The I.A...WAIT IT'S A ZOMBIE GAME!-the dub, correct for the hero and *SPOILER* Xian mei, the others are...not really bad, but not good too.-facials animations for the characters are not completed.-left clic spam in battle.Conclution : A good game, except if you don't like finding items, repetitive battles and challenges.16/20  (sorry for my english, i'm french, but i want that everybody understand this review, so i write in english.)"
76561198219932543,Not Recommended,226560,24238659,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Alice,"Started off ok, then went downhill from there, simply a check list of things to complete, so i didn't bother, through lack of interest in the main game play."
,Recommended,226560,18673507,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,here come that boi,"Pick it up on sale. Still a good game though the story sometimes is boring, And confusing."
76561197994850193,Recommended,226560,18559347,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,The Knight of Faerie,"I'm a fan of the series. Yes Dead Island typically has some issues and some annoyingly hard enemies. And Escape Dead Island continues that trend. While Escape is no where near as exploration friendly as Dead Island and Riptide, that's not really a bad thing. The story so far is good, if confusing. Combat for the most part is fun and engaging. And the stealth aspect is well done too.Graphics are a departure from previous games using a cel shading technique instead of realistic graphics. Cut scenes too are done in a different format, making them feel a bit like a comic book panel. But again this isn't really a bad thing. It's just different. Voice acting is decent. And the characters definately have more personality then in previous games. All in all I'd recommend checking it out. Or not. Games like this wont  be everyone's cup of tea."
76561197970908285,Recommended,226560,18552771,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Flying Blind,"Let's get this out of the way - this is a very different game than the other Dead Island games, it is its own game that takes place in that universe.  It is a linear 3-rd person single player action adventure game that is heavy on stealth and melee combat.  You can use guns but they make noise which typically results in you getting swarmed and killed.   Taken individually, eveything here has been done better elsewhere but, taken as a whole, the result is a decent game that could have been much better with a few more months in the oven.Depending on how much time you spend searching around for hidden supplies the game is probably anywhere from 6-12 hours of game play.  In my opinion, it is not worth full price but if you can get it on sale (like I did) and you like this kind of game, you should be happy with your purchase.Score - 7/10"
76561197991154213,Not Recommended,226560,24209418,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,_jema987,"NIce idea, poor execution."
76561198083632230,Recommended,226560,30604750,Posted: 18 March,all,ragediver,"Ok, this has become one of my new favorite games even though it has its share of issues. First off, if you are looking for a game that is like the other Dead Island titles, you will be disappointed. The story line follows the protagonist Cliff Calo through his exploration of Narapatela island somewhere in the vicinity of Banoi. At the beginning of the game, you see the three main characters (of which only Cliff is playble) headed for what they think it Banoi. However, Cliff informs them that they are not going for Banoi, but another island where an evil corporation called GeoPharm has been doing experiments on test subjects with the virus.First off, the game is a third person shooter/hack and slash so if you're hoping for First person, look elsewhere. Much in the tradition of games like dead rising, there is a camera aspect that will require you to take photos of items and points of interest as well as characters.Pros:The art and environment are amazing and immediate put you in the feeling of being on a deserted resort island. You feel completely immersed in the graphic novel type feel. The storyline is also excellent with enough development of Cliff's character that make you sympathize with his plight.The weapon design is excellent and each weapon feels and sounds very authentic. The Katana is my favorite weapon while the lever axe reminded my of the sledgesaw of dead rising.Collectables- there are enough collectibles to make the game interesting without it feeling like overkill as in the case of Assassin's Creed or Arkham City type games.The voice acting and sound is quite excellent and all the voice actors play their parts well.Cons:-Some cutscenes can be skipped and some can't, this results in a lot of extra time especially annoying if you die and have to repeat a section-you never know where you are going to respawn if you die and collectibles don't carry over unless you've hit a save point (denoted by the red bloody ribbon on the right hand of the screen).-There are many glitches throughout the game even on high end hardware. On several occasions, I got stuck trying to navigate a piece of terrain and had to restart the game-The weapon switching menu is not always accurate and several times I would switch to the incorrect weapon or the camera by accident. This is especially annoying at key transition points or boss fights.-I found myself backtracking a lot in this game, which is some of the fun of it, but sometimes the map was not exactly in line with the direction or objective I was supposed to be heading towards.-The melee combat can be annoying at times because the stamina drains very quickly when sprinting and doesn't give you any chance to level that aspect up.-The weapons sometimes have aiming issues especially with the pistol and it would be good to get the silencer for the pistol earlier to allow for more judicious expending of ammo.-The butcher zombies which you will recognize from the main game are in my opinion the hardest zombie to defeat even with fully upgraded weapons.-The spitter zombies are also annoying because the take away a lot of health and can quickly kill you if your not careful.-The most annoying part of the game is the health system because the medkits you collect don't really get stored anywhere. You just add a point here and there to your max health.-That said, this game is definitely worth a playthrough and looks awesome on Console and PC. Highly recommended for an Dead Island, Dying Light, or Dead Rising fans! Will update this review soon now that I've beat the game and going to attempt a second playthrough."
76561198064424981,Recommended,226560,29420954,Posted: 22 January,all,Miro,"Good adventure.Good story.Good game mechanic.Lots of types(different pros and cons) of zombies to kill. Since its story driven it is not OPEN WORLD, the levels are prety linear. Anyway worth the money.3rd person view arcade style(except when shooting weapong, it goes to nice 1st person view)."
,Recommended,226560,13020143,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Boosted Taco,"From my experience into this game so far, I am enjoying the overall style and gameplay. I would recommend this game to anyone right now, but preferably get it during a sale when it goes cheaper. I only got mine because of the pre-purchase offer for the Dead Island 2 beta.This game really demonstrates a story quite unique in comparison to other Dead Island games. In the previous installments, the games were heavily focused around story-based RPG's, which were quite enjoyable. Escape Dead Island takes away some of those elements and leaves it down to the basic linear story, which in my opinion, is still quite enjoyable. The atmosphere in the game so far gives off a dark mood of a mystery so far in the beginning. (I can't yet explain the mood for the rest of the game yet since I have only gotten a couple of hours into it.)It may not seem or feel like a typical Dead Island game, however it is very unique in its own way. I would describe this game more as of ""Story-telling"" and ""atmospheric setting."" Honestly so far, it is an amazing game from the gameplay to its design. Again I do agree with many others that the price of this game could be seemingly overpriced and should/could be reduced, but the game can be worth the purchase depending on how you view the game personally.9/10"
,Recommended,226560,18564214,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,pyronical,"Got this during an 80% off sale, pretty sweet game for the price.  It's like a tell-tale game but with more combat."
76561198197732650,Recommended,226560,18562495,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,The Holy Duck,Love this game i like how you die in the game it's cool......Game recommended
76561198002986817,Recommended,226560,18265803,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Phantom Virus,"It makes no sense why there are so many people who hate on this game. I guess its cause they were dumb enough to buy it at full price. Honestly I enjoyed this game and it was worth the few bucks I spent for it on sale. If people were smart and waited they'd enjoy the game instead of complaining about it. There is nothing wrong with this game. Its a normal 3rd person zombie game that actually has more shooting and stealth then I ever did with the other dead island games. It isn't extremely long but it isn't short either. They added a free DLC which is always a great addition. I kinda wish the main character wasn't such a jerk but I can live with that. Plus there were at least some answers to the mystery of what happaned in dead island 1. Plus I liked the whole crazy gambit, it really fit. Plus the artistic design was really well done. I kinda wish after you finished the game you could go back and finish all the collectables on the island but oh well. I'm not starting the game over from scratch to get them. The game was fun and I think everyone would enjoy this game when they buy it on sale."
,Recommended,226560,18365942,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Quad-IOS,"While some might give it negative reviews because 'Escape Dead Island' isn't the COOP RPG Survival game like the other games in the series, they would be quite wrong to think it's a bad game.It's quite a great game! And easily replayable as well!Cute graphics (à la Borderlands), nice story, and quite entangling plot.The directing of the camera, and the gameplay aren't bad as well.--TLDR--Pros:- Cute graphics- Nice gameplay- Good Story- Suspense- Interesting Enemies- Interesting PlotCons:- Linear (not open-world) and backtracking- Single player (but has to be, since it's about a single character's story).- Few weapons that don't wear out- No experience for character"
76561198093342017,Recommended,226560,18161611,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,langlangq8i,this game totally worth its priceits a combination between dead rising and killer is dead with a zombie story and i really like it.
76561198132531461,Not Recommended,226560,29423452,Posted: 22 January,all,SpaceWiener,"So! I bought this game thinking it was going to be a fun adventure. I was wrong. So so wrong. An incredibly confusing plot, matched with a crappy framerate, just kills it"
,Not Recommended,226560,23653609,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,TheNameIsALEX,"♥♥♥♥ing awful, you would have more fun grating your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ off to be honest, the gameplay is awful, everything is boxed in invisible walls and it's honestly hard because the locking features are♥♥♥♥♥♥ just don't bother..."
76561197963031780,Recommended,226560,13044420,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Dark Trojan,"This game is good, I found it challenging but not to hard, only playing 7 hours and finishing it I found it to be short the story was actually interesting to me, I will re-play the game because I haven't checked out some area's yet. I'm currently playing DI then DI:Riptide looking forward to getting my beta  key for DI:2 and continuing the journey."
76561198059450857,Recommended,226560,13023669,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Jacky,"Amazing game! An intriguing story, good-looking graphics, nice physics and smooth gameplay. Generally, to describe this game you need imaging a cake, lets say multilayered cake: First layer is fundament and it is like The Lost (if u remember TV series about crashed airliner on the island). As a second layer add some FarCry3 with very fantastic psychedelic story about guy who's lost himself, blame himself and all around them but still keep the right way to find the truth. Third layer of our cake goes with some cartoon/comics style and on top of the cake pour zombie's cover. Done. Welcome to Escape Dead Island.P.s. I would like to notice that through all playing hours I did not have any crashes and game run very smooth on max setting despite the fact that I use my laptop with core i3, nv540gt and 4gb ddr3. Nice job devs! Looking for more interesting projects behind dead island franchise!"
,Recommended,226560,15045866,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"Actually, this game is not that bad, it's just being judged by the standards that are too high for the project of that sort.It's weird, colorful and silly, and it's also fun.It's also short which is, in this case, definitely an additional plus."
,Recommended,226560,15985148,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,RealChris,"I bought this game at a discount of 6 bucks on a Steam sale.I don't and still don't understand all the negative feedback's on this game, this game to me is similar to dead island, and fact yes its not dead island, but I think its worth the money I spent on it, its a time killer game, it has similar missions as Dead Island, instead of crafting weapons you find Hidden Workshop Benches and on top of those you have a single weapon, from what I've seen so far, the game was better than what most people led on. if you are willing to play a unique type of game then play this, its just a game no reason to hate it anymore than what it is lol. I almost didn't buy this due to the bad feedback and I can ensure you don't listen to most of the feedback's mostly just trolls who hate anything that doesn't meet to their perspective. The game is Cartoonish, you do need a decent Rig to play this at high Graphics, The Graphics isn't bad considering its cartoonish, its like Team fortress 2 Graphics. But in a good way to me, I love the Comic like details put in place of this game, some people will love it, some people will hate it forever, similar to the Cartoonish Zelda game also. It has basic Weapon Schematics in the game, basic Shoot em up and Melee'r weapons nothing fancy, But love the Upgraded Weapons. The game isn't easy, But once you get the hang of the controls, which I customized mine, your good to go, So don't listen to all the haters if your willing to add this game to your Dead Island Franchise, To me I think its worth the add-on, and I think its a fun game."
76561198076260432,Recommended,226560,18524116,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Ghzoi,Well This game Cost now 4 usd on Steam SaleI dont know why people dont like itI dont get it !!its really fun gameThe Graphic is really awesome ( Comic )The Gamplay is fun as wellim not saying this game is game of the yearbut if its worth 4 usd now just take it becuz its fun - really fun -
,Not Recommended,226560,20289581,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,bobert awful (F+),"Escape Dead Island is the best Dead Island game in the franchise. This is on the basis that while it is technically worse than Dead Island and Dead Island: Riptide, Escape Dead Island does not take 40-60 hours to complete, and it does not require roping in three friends who will disown you after having wasted so much time on a terrible action RPG in search of loot drops so you can kill zombies for the EPIC WINS AND MEMES. Unfortunately for the Dead Island franchise, being the best Dead Island game is like being the best corpse pulled from an alcohol-fueled fiery car wreck/explosion.Escape Dead Island is not a traditional game in the Dead Island series, so there's no co-op and no loot drops to be had. But somehow, it's even more poorly written and constructed. You're playing as an incredibly whiny and stupid spoiled rich kid with short cropped brown hair and even stupider friends who decide to single-handedly travel to an island full of zombies to find out THE TRUTH BEHIND THE ZOMBIE OUTBREAK IN DEAD ISLAND, which is the single most valuable piece of lore in video games ever. So if you're looking for more poorly written reasons to explain why zombie outbreaks happen, you're gonna get your money's worth here. Oh yeah, and there's also a heap of irritating daddy issues from the protagonist to go with it, all of which don't really get resolved. They're just there to be dispiriting, like most of the flavor text of Dead Island.Some of your favorite zombie types from Left 4 Dead are here, like The Tank, The Hunter, The Spitter, and even the Siren from Killing Floor makes an appearance! And you're going to meet them all inside of a game that doesn't know whether it wants to be a stealth game, a brawler game, or a survival horror game. Seriously - it tries to be all three, but it's a terrible stealth game because it keeps pushing you towards terrible, unskippable combat scenes, it's a terrible brawler game because fighting zombies basically comes down to mashing quick attack as fast as ♥♥♥♥ing possible, and it's a terrible survival horror game because you're not running out of ammo for your strong melee weapons and any damage you take eventually regenerates if you wait a while and take in the beautiful jungle resort view. (I'm being facetious, of course. Everything looks like it's been wrapped in clingfilm and marked on with a Sharpie.)The game is dull as dishwater through most of the six hour run time. I didn't really feel the crazy difficulty spike that made Justin McElroy cry in his Polygon review, but that was because I accidentally stumbled into the Underwater Labs DLC that Fatshark so graciously provided to players as a free update (like a second, smaller fart deployed to distract from the massive atomic blast someone let off at the dinner table), and that hour of ♥♥♥♥ing dullness netted me an assault rifle that ate through all of my shotgun ammo, but took care of the most difficult monsters in seconds. (Also, in one of the final sections, zombies can charge off the crystal platform).I paid four bucks for this game during a Steam sale, and I still feel like I got ripped off. It's not even a good bad game, like Ride to Hell: Retribution - it's ♥♥♥♥ing dull and dreary and unrelatable, everything I expected from a ♥♥♥♥ing Dead Island game, but somehow managing to be worse than the norm. I don't feel bad at all for the people who saw this and said ""Oh boy! Another Dead Island game, except it's single-player and they're promising access to the Beta for Dead Island 2, a game that's stuck in development hell and the developer filing for insolvency! Gonna drop my fifty bucks on a pre-order right nowwww!"", because this is an object lesson on why pre-order culture is awful and benefits only the publisher."
,Recommended,226560,18076220,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,thepuppetmaster / Muppet Games,Played a bit this game and i want to say that is not a great game like Dead island 1.  Like the  cartoonish looks. Really wanted to pre-order the game because of the Dead Island 2 key or something like that (i forgot). The game has some bugs but it's a fun game with a nice story and some cool looking zombies :)I will give this game a 7/10
,Not Recommended,226560,18832304,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,elasticheart,Just stay away from this game
,Not Recommended,226560,23297063,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,miss.Supercat,"in the beginning i really liked the game.it is really mind ♥♥♥♥ing sometimes, which i loved!I also enjoyed the fact that it made me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants here and there.BUT! it was way to short. i played it in 8 hours. Sadly it has no multiplayer and the end is pretty weird.The idea is nice, but to pay 20 euro for a game that is so short and doesnt have many options.. noi lucky got it on sale, which cost me like 5 euro. But i played way better games for 20 euro.it is a nice game tho, dont get me wrong, i just dont like it for the price. i am willing to pay a lot of money for a game, but then the game has to be good.i would give it a 6 out of 10.Do not buy it full price"
76561198036953560,Recommended,226560,15368103,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,jimbojone22,"Just Finished this game.....graphics are good, story is good, game is glitchy at times. Game is repetitious at times. All in all , its not as bad as everyone makes it out to be. i'd give it a 6.5 out fo 10"
,Recommended,226560,14927837,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Fitroni,Escape Dead Island is a Survival-Mystery adventure that lets players delve into the Dead Island universe and unravel the origins of the zombie outbreak.
76561198006265186,Recommended,226560,15045908,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,romulous,"Unless you have played Dead Island, you haven't a hope of understanding the story in this game. Mind you, if you have played Dead Island, you still won't understand it. You spend the first part of the game trying to save a random chick, but then she dies - or does she. She then spends the last half of the game being a nagging shrew - or are you dreaming that. You try and chase down the other person you landed on the island with - a guy, only to find that he may or may not actually exist. Then your dad shows up in a helicopter, but then essentially tells you to get stuffed, and flies away without picking you up. You then have a lightning strike, and a hoard of zombies show up. Throughout the game, you continually phase in and out of - well, something. Maybe an alternate dimension? Who knows - and who cares. The developers were obviously high as balls when they made this game. Still, if you liked Dead Island (I did), then you may as well get this game, it attempts to explain how Dead Island became Dead Island.Some parts of the game force you into third person shooter mode, which is unfortunate, as the game is not setup to be a shooter. The graphics are quite nice. Characters? Well, you will either care about them or not (more likely the latter). The enemies with the long bladed hands are EXTREMELY annoying as they can (and will) deflect everything you can attack with (melee weapons and bullets). The checkpoint save system is reasonably generous though, only a few times will you curse having to re-do part of the game."
,Recommended,226560,23026480,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Takarocc,"If you want to buy this, I must tell you that its nothing like the original Dead Island, but that doesnt mean its bad. Just grab it on sale. If you have an open mind you might enjoy it.This game is an adventure, stealth, fighting, shooter. It has its flaws like hitting through walls and unskippable intros every time you die at a checkpoint. Some parts are designed for stealth and sometimes you just have to run past everything. You just need to be patient and try to figure out whats the best course of action. Most of the time you can get away with melee though.Overall 7/10"
,Not Recommended,226560,20243519,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kainnemesis,"Half♥♥♥♥♥d story that makes no sense, with dull and lazy combat system. Entire game is basically a classic resident evil style game play but with more modern gameplay. Has same search for clues and items like resident evil which is basically the entire game is  based on. Not worth full priced."
,Recommended,226560,18137918,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Sherman,"You play as the douchiest guy in the world, he looks douchey, acts douchey, says douchey things, even the other characters make multiple references to his douchiness. you run around killing ugly people. its basically high school from the lacrosse captain's point of view"
,Recommended,226560,24539815,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,♪ tuty ツ # ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"I don't really understand why people have so much hate on this game. I mean, it's a third person shooter stealth survival horror game with cartoonish graphics (if you're a fan of borderlands you know what i'm talking about). It does have an enormous playtime with nice story (i haven't finished the game yet, still progressing), and also is hard as fock sometimes with some zombies.Pros:- Nice colorful design and art- Cartoonish storyline and graphics- YOU GOT A ♥♥♥♥ING KATANA M8.- Nice variety of different types of zombies- Very, very, very stealty game- I like the fact that got ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of achievements :3- Voice acting not bad at all- It's a damn eye candy man.- FREE DLC's- You can customize your character and weapons (using certain dlc's in the game settings)Cons:- As a 144hz monitor user, it's capped at 60 FPS. Just why?- I would like more content for explorationEDIT: HEY CLIFF!"
,Recommended,226560,25374819,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nader,I like it :D
,Recommended,226560,15862113,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Retry,Great game
,Not Recommended,226560,16241514,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ALMIGHTyEV,Won't recommend to buy it for 20$ nor 10$ the game isn't worth the money.
,Recommended,226560,18463887,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,seth_storm,excelente!
76561198106034739,Not Recommended,226560,24434028,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Zeigan,"there is just so much wrong with this game, MANY other reviews talk about why it's not good so im not going to take my time writing a long list of my thoughts on the game but i will say this, if you're looking for a DEAD ISLAND game to continue the story and gameplay of the originals please avoid this, imo this has little to nothing to do with the previous games other than sharing the name"
76561198098394477,Not Recommended,226560,22965138,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Headless,The game play is ok. The art is cool. The story is ok. I would not buy at full price.
,Not Recommended,226560,23099792,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Edwardfett,"Tried so hard to be clever and lead to something that will make you go ""Wow! So clever!""It didn't. I literally had no clue what was going on and neither will you most likely."
76561198010299734,Not Recommended,226560,22987635,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,JBay,"I've rarely be so salty not to listen to previous steam recommandation. At first this game is ok. Decent Art, ok start. Then it goes from average to boring. The plot is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ up to the end and brings nothing to the franchise.  The finish had me wanting to trow my keyboard/controler by the window. Both gameplay & narratively wise. Finished in 10hours, DLC included."
76561198020108494,Not Recommended,226560,22976713,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,kelta13,"At first I thought this is gonna be fun, a fairly good distraction until Dead Island 2 arrives. Nope. Just had f... enough of the irritating and un-skippable cutscenes and other stuff. I'm disappointed and a bit angry."
,Recommended,226560,16685466,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Rambo Medic,Pokemon Snap: Zombie Edition
,Recommended,226560,18150464,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Pyran❤G,"I dont know why there are so many negative reviewsWell firs its an game for people who like zombie games and then u must liket he cartoon graphic.First i thought wtf is this, then i played the first missions and WOW i never seen a game who puted me 3 hours in a row to play a game just great buyed it today played 3 hours and loving it gonna play it till the endVery recommended guys its specifally but when u like cartoon graphics(like borderlands) and zombiesi hope my english wasnt that bad im from cyprus :)Have fun ! :)~mo 22.08,15"
,Recommended,226560,31700898,Posted: 12 May,all,khalidvawda,A little bit short but enjoyed it. 6.5/10
,Not Recommended,226560,15705149,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,sirgpc,"I have never played a worse game. controller lag 1 to 2 seconds. cannot fight large groups of zombies an live.  yes i know i have only played for a few momets. I may only have intel i5 quad core, a intel 2500 chipset. [both are 3rd gen], so what. deep sliver, shame on you for sub par work. first time i want a refund over game quality, and poor game play."
,Not Recommended,226560,15735184,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,paulhoog,"Game play starts off somewhat promising, but hits a downward slope pretty quickly and never recovers. At certain point later in the game, I decided it was unplayably bad for a number of reasons--glitches, lack of any sort of interesting story, zero creative aspects, tedious boss fights, etc. Frustrating and boring the player is a sure way to develop an absolute loser of a game.Let's be honest. Dead Island and Dead Island: Riptide were glitch-ridden horror shows, but the design and playability outweighed those issues and made for a tremendous amount of fun. Escape Dead Island lacks the playability, the creativity (weapon crafting, anyone?) and just the downright fun of DI  and DI: Riptide. Melee combat is poor, guns are next to useless, and locked-arena boss fights (haven't games evolved beyond this primitive trap?) are needlessly tedious. In short -- this game sports all the glitch of the previous Dead Island games and none -- NONE -- of the fun. I paid $6.79 for this game, but since it's worth less than zero, I figure Deep Silver owes me a few bucks for wasting as much time as I did with it. (Then again, I'm the idiot who kept plodding through this terrible game as long as I did, so I'll let them off the hook.)We can only hope that if Dead Island 2 ever launches, it will surpass this POS."
76561198052168697,Not Recommended,226560,17033834,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Granda Davego,Combat can be very buggy and is extremely repeatative. Eventually the game repeatidly sends overwhelming odds every step of the journey so you get used to seeing yourself die. The Butchers were made with more health than the boss of the game which the game threw up to 3 of them at once at you. The story of the game is the only thing that kept me going towards then end and even then the end was still disappointing.
,Recommended,226560,13022702,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Tr3b0r,"This game is getting a lot of hate. It's actually pretty awesome. Great graphics, decent writing and story with quirky voice acting. I am loving its story driven gameplay too.Sure it's a little rough around the edges, and feels like a little generic/average, but I think that adds to its charm. I managed to buy it pretty cheap, so I am happy overall.  I would recommend that Dead Island fans buy this."
,Not Recommended,226560,16610576,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cumcuber,"Just no. I wanted to try it. Thats like, $6 down the drain."
,Recommended,226560,21479906,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ShXIII,"Finished this in about 9 hours. First the bad: terrible script and voice acting, cringe worthy bad and not being able to remap the right mouse button. Why is this still a problem in games? For ♥♥♥♥ sake let me remap everything right from the get go. That’s it for the negative. I ♥♥♥♥ing loved this game, I loved the graphic style, the combat was satisfying, stealth mechanics worked well for me and it genially had some great horror atmosphere in certain parts. Even the story was interesting, weird and confusing like Silent Hill. Default FOV was fine although pushing it, any narrower and it would have been bad. I loved that your characters clothes and equipment changed visibly throughout the game (reminds me of Freedom Fighters). It even had that Metroid vibe where you go back and revisit areas once you get the right gear and never got repetitive. I really don’t understand all the negative reviews regarding this game it’s like they played 5 minutes and decided it sucked. Stick with it and it really stands out. I love finding games like this that are generally hated but I really enjoy, Trespasser, You are Empty etc.If you are a Dead Island fan or a zombie fan try this game out. You just have to get past the terrible dialog. It went on sale for dirt cheap not too long ago so just hold out for another one."
76561198026176515,Recommended,226560,22933078,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Stanley,"Everyone was saying this game sucked and i almost didnt buy it and know what? i like it, the goofy graphics just make it better.Everyone should play this.No game is perfect you know, but this game is challenging and kinda weird, wich makes it awesome"
,Recommended,226560,13020803,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,⎛⎝Ptoman5 Productions⎠⎞,"A very good game, not as good as the other Dead Islands however in my opinion but it is still a great experience. I feel that it is overpriced at $40 so wait for a sale, i would say the game should be worth about $20 to $25, but it is still a great play. I would give it an 7.5/10."
76561198052363103,Recommended,226560,24876100,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Knightmon X,"Okay I read the reviews on steam and noticed it got a 2 on metacritic. I'm thinking this has to be big wheels trucking bad to warrent such a low score. I just played Dead Island 1 and 2 so i decided to give it a shot anyways.  I played it and I realised it isn't THAT bad. Curtenly not enough to give it a 2. I would say it is at least a 5 out of 10. Worth getting if its around $5. If a Zombie B-Movie was a game, this would be it.  This game is playable and it does have a plot though some things just plain didn't make sense. Like med kits increasing health by 1 but your health isn't listed.  It's more like your playing the game to fill in the plot left out of the first 2 games.  The game is a stealth collect info type of game, so the monsters are more or less trying to stop you from getting the info. This game prob won't appeal to people who have not played the whole  Dead Island series."
76561198108774777,Not Recommended,226560,15743863,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Korva,"Now...I'm not a ""die hard"" dead island fan but I completed both games and even I know that they were going for a realistic look.  But......this looks like it was made by 5 people who couldn't make a game. The combat is broken, the story is boring, it feels...weird, and when I said the game was going for realism in the other's FOR SOME REASON YOUR CHARACTER'S AND OTHER PEOPLE'S ANKELS ARE A CENTIMETER WIDE!!! I DON'T KNOW WHY?! But, this is not dead island. It seems like a group of people who didn't know how to make a game built this and said that it was ""The new and improved dead island"" but NO this just...doesn't feel, right. Please save your money I was lucky enough to buy it at a BIG sale a couple days ago.If you have a good computer (unlike me) get the other games for god's sake PLEASE."
,Recommended,226560,19427599,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[SSA] Carl (Ratchet),"An interesting spin off to the original Dead Island games, FatShark took the Dead Island series into their own hands instead of riding off Techlands success. Apart from the constant backtracking and being stuck in the same 5 - 10 areas the game is quite fun.Basically only buy it when its on sale."
,Not Recommended,226560,17697619,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Nordtecx,This game is a big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥controlTutorialmissionsmove-setEverything sucks. I advise against purchasing
76561198004094664,Not Recommended,226560,22965051,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,the_almighty_satan,Game wasn't to bad story line could have been better .
76561198082544089,Not Recommended,226560,18123323,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,iNastyyyyyy,worst game ever it is so buggy
,Not Recommended,226560,34821134,Posted: 8 September,all,UpRight,"Great story and acting. Gameplay is kinda okay... but backtraking and primitive combat kills all the fun. Walk 10 minutes back to get to the next objective? F**k it, I'm deinstalling"
,Recommended,226560,13025700,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Simbiat,"I definitely like hte style. This cell-shading and those comic-book sound-words suit it. And I like that it is an original story with loose (at least currently) connections to original game. Adds more depth to the lore of Dead Island, IMHO. In terms of gameplay I am still on the fence at the moment: it started off, practically as a slasher, then turned into stealth. Stealth is not bad and this approach does seem a bit more realistic, that brute head-bashing of the original (although it was fun). The story also has some intriguing points. I only wish there was ana ctual health-bar and ability to jump (jsut for some extra fun), but I can live without them."
,Recommended,226560,12998440,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,rexfire027,"escape dead island is a spinoff game in the dead island series. it's a hack n' slash/ steath game which is in my opinion one of this years best games. I know that's a bold statment but the game's launch was good, it has a compelling story, and still manages ti have really good psychological horror themes ( it isn't scary at all ) but in summary this is one of those over looked games that is great 8.5/10"
,Recommended,226560,13003061,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,"You start off as a Russian Ninja called Kilo(Rob) who is a after Mole. Kilo then kills Mole and a monster kills him. Then the game starts off. You start off as Cliff on a boat to an island close to Banoi in search of a story with two other young Friends. You are the camera man. The ship you are own is destroyed after an earthquake and you are stuck on a ""dead island"" an island full of zombies.Game not Awful nor Great but Highly Priced!  (wait for a sale; only pre-ordered for the beta key)Great visuals (looks bad on youtube).Linear - no sandbox.Lots of Dialogue.Character Lips not moving when it is not a cutscene.Weak story.Still waiting for my Dead Island 2 early access Beta Key :(Bug at around 35:26.6.8/10http://youtu.be/qB4zATGz0tE"
76561198099039451,Not Recommended,226560,32892874,Posted: 27 June,all,blackout322,waste of $3.00
,Recommended,226560,14844918,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,FourLime,"I did enjoy this game alot, I haven't finished it yet but I love the style of the game! It is not the best game, but it is fun. I would say wait till it gets a little cheaper and then buy it.EDIT:I have completed the game now, i would say buy it when it is cheap. Still not a bad game, just not the best."
,Not Recommended,226560,15736729,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Lolfy Boy,"While this game does have somewhat good game play, the health system is this games biggest flaw 1-2 hits your dead thats like really unfair that makes increasing your health completely useless.  Not to mention the styled graphics are a complete disgrace to dead island that kills the horror in a way.  Spoiler alert the ending is freaking impossible! Dead island isnt about freaking psyc stuff its more or less about biological stuff. you only get 2 guns the rest are melee at least in the other DI games you get more of a selection.  And no new game plus! you dont start with your weapons!So good things........gameplay (using melee weapons n guns) 3rd person pov neat3/10 cant believe i wasted my money on this garbage!  believe me when i say the game can be unfair, the ending they spawn so many zombies you get overwelmed that its physically impossible to beat without cheating!please for the love of god stay far away from this game its just not worth it anymore"
76561198005753910,Not Recommended,226560,14407972,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,davidbullimore,"I am a big fan of the first two games, but this game is just horrible.  The balance of play is bad, lots of walking around for 10 - 15 minutes followed by killing a bunch of zombies and then repeat.  Definitely not worth full price.  The graphics and cut scenes are sub-Borderlands.  The zombies are taken from the original games, but they were not the draw."
76561197980799831,Not Recommended,226560,23614778,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,fuckyou,The story is not intersting at all and  I dont recommend this game. And It cost me 369 Baht  that little bit expensive in Thai but when I bought in last 2 month. I think it was gonna be fun  but you know Its a waste of money of course.ไรสาระชิบหายเลย SUCKA
76561198069210584,Not Recommended,226560,31569000,Posted: 5 May,all,folpo82,"wors game i ever played. crappy controls, crappy gameplay, useless weapons, always killed with 2 hits useless story, don't buy it, underground DLC bugged"
76561198126220961,Recommended,226560,13227613,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Marc_the_brony,CONS:bad gameplaybad AIto much walkingPROS:good plotgood charactersstanded voice actingThere are many good and bad things for this 6 hour game but if your into story driven games then you should like this.If you can get passed the bad gameplay the story gets better and better as u play and the ending (witch i wont ruin) is mysteries and a bit sad.7.5/10
76561198236001826,Not Recommended,226560,31778834,Posted: 15 May,all,THEDARKLORD1221,dont get it it's a waste but there is the new dead island games
,Not Recommended,226560,17389729,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,[TLB] DeadpooL™Agent of TACOS,I developed turrets playing this F#@%ING game. 10/10 rage simulator.
,Not Recommended,226560,23965382,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,MUDKIPZ,the game was to god damn hard
,Not Recommended,226560,16060221,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Zinger Der GOD,Crap
76561197980565636,Not Recommended,226560,26447631,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Rizero,"OK, I’m done with this steaming pile of crap.  I did not and do not want to finish this colossal chunk of crap.  I must say I could not be more disappointed in a game as I am with this.  I really liked the way it looked and the trailers for it made it seem interesting, but do not let them fool you. IT IS A GIANT PILE OF CRAP.  I was lead to believe this would have some stealth where you could sneak around and/or silently take out some of your enemies.  This happens every now and then but most of the time you are overwhelmed by zombies and have almost no chance of beating them, so you must replay the same crap over and over again until you find a way around it.  This is compounded by the crap save point system that will make you walk or crawl back to the battle you just lost for up to a minute.  At one point I tried to fight off this giant zombie over and over for about 30 minutes only to find out that you must run away to get to the next cut scene.  Movement is sluggish and really sucks in a fight as you try and try to dodge but just stand there.  Sometimes it would just switch to the stupid camera in the middle of a fight.  Oh switching weapons was always a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ half the time when I tried to get the pistol I would end up with that stupid camera again.  So most of the time you just go around killing zombies but get no reward, no xp just nothing, there is no incentive to killing them other than to get by them.  I was hoping for a good story line and there may one be, but I couldn’t careless because most of the notes and tapes you gather are in the middle of battle areas so you can’t stop to read or listen to them.  I stopped caring about the store about 2 hours in and just gave up after 8 hours. It just isn’t fun to play, in fact it may be one of the most frustrating and rage inducing games I have ever played.  As I said before this is a steaming pile of crap, do not get it at any price."
,Recommended,226560,13049893,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Computer 🅱️roke leave alone,"meh. relentless, but fun."
,Not Recommended,226560,14927397,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Tonkinese,well the game is about average till the ending which drags on and on and well put it this way once it is done you most likely will never play it again
76561198302949633,Not Recommended,226560,23318463,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ambarlow1997,didnt like the comic book aspect...
76561198093054323,Recommended,226560,20567003,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,AH_Atomic,I think it's great!
76561198221983688,Recommended,226560,21393335,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,MYSTOGAN,This is an awesome zombie game!!!
,Recommended,226560,23509430,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,XNyst,Good Game
,Recommended,226560,13587325,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Titan ScreaMy,AWESOME GAME DEFINITLTLY HAVE TO PLAY
76561198132208278,Not Recommended,226560,23439018,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sprayface,nope
76561198046675266,Recommended,226560,28491243,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Dustin,"Wow what an unbelievable game!I want to start off by saying that some people think this game was made by the same ""guys"" who made Dead Island 1, this is wrong. That was sh*tty TechLand whom moved onto Dying Light after being shamed into the horrible coded mess we got from DI. Sure it was all published by Deep Silver but they didn't MAKE this game; that was Fatshark.Anyways, the gameplay is less open-based and more linear objective although at some points midway you can free roam and explore other parts of the island. There's lots of secret collectables and unlockable/hidden weapons you can find so exploring is a very good idea!The graphics/animations are amazing, and look a lot like BorderLands, with that sharp black outline around everything.The combat system is very fun and simple, there's even a stealth element where you can keep un-alerted from other zombies by silently killing them from behind. I can't help but notice the execution animations look A LOT like ManHunt 2, very well done and very gory!The storyline is great, you go on a so called ""restricted"" island to see what's going on and try to prove that you're more than a drunk child to your Father. The characters are memorable and everything has a lot of hidden backstory to discover.The guns are very useful, but when you have a horde circling around you it's almost impossible to aim at one since they're so sporadic.The game also gets ridiculously hard near and at the end; throwing different stronger and faster zombies at you so it's a good but get-you-really-p*ssed-off like challenge.Sometimes your character doesn't switch weapons or reload when you tell him to which is annoying, but if you happen to die more than twice in the same spot, the game is kind enough to give you free/extra ammo for all your weapons.Overall, I think this was a fantastic game. It went on a little too long I think, but it was still good.Much better than the broken mess Dead Island was so you can't complain.8/10"
,Recommended,226560,18094633,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Gadzooks,"Beat the game in 50 minutesTook me longer than it should of, but once i figured out how, it was simpleHit ""Esc"" and then select quit.Would ESCape again 10/10"
,Not Recommended,226560,24586817,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Purple Funny Joke,Escape Dead Island is one of the best Tactial shooter this game is for the fact that the look of the game is beatuiful and how the game plays some or more then the time is weapons and how great some of the weapons were in the patches but it is a real fun game of you want to get scared or killing this game is for you but. of you don't like that then leave but i leave you with this get busy killing or get busy dying.
,Recommended,226560,13062526,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,dom is a nerd lol,"""I liked the zombies"" - IGN"
,Recommended,226560,13032029,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Fafa my rafa,Cliff has paranoia and autism
76561198083544947,Not Recommended,226560,13032771,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Powderfinger,I feel ripped off.   Please give me my beta acess key.
,Recommended,226560,13024186,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,chirpydinosaur,awesome game
76561198082529375,Recommended,226560,12998675,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Gummymyers126,Its great so far! The only thing bugging me is that my laptop can barely run it...
76561198023549097,Not Recommended,226560,18496473,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Buck Schnizzzel,Clumsy and frustrating combat. Slow paced. Long sections with no action. Annoyingly slow checkpoint respawn. Awkward perspective when trying to use guns at times. A far cry from the originals. Not a good game.
76561198072113281,Not Recommended,226560,18439201,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,CapsLockRAGE,"This game starts out pretty fun and straightforward. You play Cliff Briscoe, and you're off to the island to cover the story and make your dad not think you're a total loser.Thats where the game suddenly stops making sense.By the end of this game I was so confused by the messed up story ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that I just wanted to quit, To make it worse some of the fights are incredibly cheap and annoying.Still, I powered though the game thinking that the end payoff would be worth it.It isn't and I'm actually angry that I played this game. I'm MAD, I've never been ANGRY at a game before, 2/10 gameplay is kinda fun, storry is stupid, would not play again."
76561198152965246,Not Recommended,226560,18695627,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Radical,You know why i dont like this game? cause dwellers are 2 0p
,Not Recommended,226560,18223717,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Devilbaroque,"I really.. really love the dead island saga. But, this game is so damn broken with the attack . Only buy it, when its for sale or in a humble bundle or whatever.. the price for it its not worthy.. sorry.. Deep Silver and Co. .. but this game sucks like hell!!!"
,Not Recommended,226560,16753248,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Dragoun900,"Just didn't really like it, even more so closer and closer to the end of the game, I don't get motion sickness, but that got me close to being in a bad state, and it kept messing with my shots."
,Not Recommended,226560,18128961,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,nightsky,"Mild spoilers here.The good- Initially somewhat intriguing story: unravel the mystery of dead island. Turns tedious along the way though- Voice acting is okay for the most partThe average- The controls take some time getting used to, at least using a control pad- The cel shading graphics fit the setting, nothing special here thoughThe bad- 99% linear gameplay- AI is awful; the challenge is based on confined level design w/o room to maneuver- Especially towards the end ecounters get very frustating. I guess they had to stretch the game in order to resemble the   struggle you're going through- The ending leaves to be desired: no closure. Perhaps they want to catch up on that in EDI 2...If you're bored through a free weekend it's worth a shot at 80% discount - don't bother otherwise.3/10"
,Recommended,226560,22945189,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,outlander,"I like the game. I like cell shading. But watch out if you want a typical FPS. There is no jump move, so you are tied to the ground like a rail shooter unless the game needs you to jump or do something. The gameplay is sort of simple at first, but i have not played the entire game yet. All in all, was worth the sale price. Neat game"
,Recommended,226560,22873426,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,fallenone121,"It seems to be a mostly entertaining game. Good enough to keep me occupied and the controls arent TERRIBLE but there are certainly moments that make no bloody sense. It seems like the collision control when you are crouching is glitched because I have been crouched with NOTHING around me and it said I couldnt stand up because there was something in the way.Oh wait, a soda can...that must be the reason I cant stand up while being attacked by enemies who CAN stand up xDRandom litter is always an excuse for things not to work.But hey it kept me curious on what comes next and I kept playing despite that its an irritating bug."
,Recommended,226560,22885009,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Jensath,"Review: Positive almost NegativePros-The storyline is a little bit confusing but it's an okay;-The artstyle is astonishing;-long-term game not short but not long either;Cons-The Combat is horrible horrible;-Variety of weapons horrible;-Difficulty chaging trought out the game horrible;Going to explain, why did i choose positive.Besides the pro and cons are balanced on this case, this game made me felt like a kid of 7 years old playing a new game on the playstation 1, and made me play all in a single day. (I advice to buy the game only on sales) Peace!"
,Not Recommended,226560,20127186,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BrattyCandy,"escape dead island is a very fun game... at the start. from the start i was like wow, this si cool its diffrent from alot of games out right now. but neering the end of the game i find my self having to do something and die about 100 times before i actually complete it. i would not recomend this to anyone even dead island fans"
,Recommended,226560,14040654,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Justin J (PuNk),"I am a huge dead island fan! but this game is not that great. it is merely ok, nothing more.the story didn't make any since at all. all the teleporting from here to here, waking up here, then there....really stupid story...it was interesting at first but after completing the game and NOTHING is explained? kinda killed it. not to mention the ending was crap.PROS:fun graphicslots of weaponszombiescombat mechanics are cool and uniqueCONS:shadow zombies....nuff said...the story didn't make much sense at all.story was bad regardless if you understand it or notVERY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ENDING!! I mean cmon...some parts are hard enough to make you rage throw a $3000 dollar computer cross the room.I enjoyed the gameplay throughout the first 80% of the game. it was fun. all the way up til the shadow zombies kicked in. i thought this was a stupid, really bad idea, not to mention this part is so over the top difficult it's not funny. i like a challenging game but there are a couple parts in this that are way over the top.if they make an ""Escape Dead Island 2"" I doubt i will play it.overall rating 4 out of 10, doubt i will play this game again."
76561198111795488,Recommended,226560,31936931,Posted: 24 May,all,ruarigh (decolas/riggerson),its actually not too bad can be extremly annoying at times but can also be fun at most points for me this game is difficult but the main thing that annoyed me was when you die it takes a while for your character to get back up from dying and kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥when you have to watch the cutscenes after dting sometimes but its a good gamer non the less (stealth is key)
,Not Recommended,226560,23827318,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Drug Dealer,GAY
