user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,226720,12473227,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,William Shakesman,"Giving a thumbs down to LP3 feels painful. It's got a lot of heart. The animations, the graphics, the voice acting, it's all wonderfully cinematic, and it's a loose sci-fi blue collar theme, with space contractors in a space wasteland planet trying to do science in the face of aliens everywhere. Your dude is a bearded contractor who gets messages from his wife and country music plays in his giant robot. Gamers in general don't see much manual labor so it's always nice to see stories that focus on that sort of hard work. That said, thematically, it's a bit of an odd mix since your average mission is to ""go fix X, okay, all done? Good, now get back to the robot and march back oh wait there's 400 aliens between you and your robot. And this isn't a problem at all."" What was the want ad for this? Space engineer, must be able to perform QTE repairs while shooting 4000 aliens. Still, they want it to work so bad, they fill this story with real heart.But for all the glitz and polish it's just not that much fun. You walk places and walk some more then get in a robot and walk places with slow robot clomping and FINALLY you get to dive roll and shoot aliens and that part is actually kinda fun in a low budget Red Faction Armageddon sense but then you get to walk back and talk some more and walk and walk and climb and it's all just such a waste of time and then they expect you to go back to earlier locations for some dumb sidequests and there's just no way, no how.It's clear the man hours went into this game that should, by the book, have created a solid fun, but forgettable AAA game. But the talent somehow didn't make its way to the final product. And it's a shame because so much love went into this but it just was not enough.I would have watched the movie of this."
76561197963242423,Recommended,226720,8368227,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Chumpy!,Fun little sim about being a typical petroleum extraction engineer in Canada
,Not Recommended,226720,14913346,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,DrBrogbo,"Preface: I am not judging this game compared to its predecessors, since I did not particularly enjoy LP1 or LP2. That being said...This game is not good. It certainly starts out well, the story is interesting, the graphics are pretty (especially given how well-optimized it is), the sound design is good, and the voice acting is solid. HOWEVER:-The game is unbelievably easy (I played 95% of it with just the infinite-ammo pistol) except for random HUGE difficulty spikes-The game world is incredibly small and stifling-The ""hostile"" and ""uninhabitable"" world poses no threat at all (you can walk around in major storms to your heart's content)-Controls are lazy and stupid (P is to pick up ammo! Why not the ""use"" button??)-The cover system is the epitome of crappily-made. They don't even tell you it's there, which makes sense, since it DOES. NOT. WORK.-The strategy for killing the akrids (including the bosses) is always the exact same (dodge as they charge, shoot when they're stunned)-Fighting in the rig is beyond pointless (it's ALWAYS better to get out and fight in-person)-The boss fights are ridiculously stupid (the one in the rig is mind-bendingly atrocious)-Bosses are recycled all over the place (you kill the giant crab thing in 3 different boss fights alone)-The game straight-up lies about button prompts (""W/A/S/D to turn wheel"" really means ""tap f repeatedly"")-The audio logs are filled with SO MANY juicy, lip-smacky, mouth-poppy sounds that it sounds like the mic is being eaten-The base only has a few people you can actually interact with, so it feels lifeless-It is completely arbitrary where/when you can grapple/repel-There is no visual indicator of health (other than when you're near-death), and your ammo count vanishes and reappears whenever it feels like it (EDIT: I've been informed that your ammo count and the rest of your HUD disappear when you get too far from the mech)-And so many other little tiny annoyancesIf you're a more patient person than I am, you could probably put up with this game, and might even enjoy it. I, however, found it joyless, tedious, and boring. It is a paint-by-numbers, designed-by-committee, heartless blob of checklists, man-hours, and coding. Life is too short to slog through uninteresting crap, and this game didn't make the cut (for me). You may enjoy it, but please don't spend more than $5 on it."
,Not Recommended,226720,18579693,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Harry101UK,"A buggy mess, filled with bad and strange gameplay decisions. Dead Space 1-3 are FAR better games, and feel incredibly similar. The Dead Space games actually feature some genuinely creepy and horrific moments, and the atmosphere is top-notch. In comparison, everything here just falls flat.75% of Lost Planet 3 consists of walking around in a very slow, defenseless Mech / Rig. When you get to where you need to be, you spend 15 minutes turning a valve, and then when that's finished, walk a few more steps and spend another 15 minutes turning another valve. Every single button \ computer you interact with breaks down, leading you to find 'another route' / far away button \ computer. It's just dull, uninspired, tedious game design.You also have to backtrack for a lot of objectives, and enemies spawn in exactly the same locations; there is no variation, in both the environments or the enemies. When enemies spawn, you can also see them literally appear in front of you most of the time.The checkpoint system is inconsistent; especially before some of the bosses and harder encounters. After dying, you have to sit through 5-minute unskippable cutscenes again and again. Very annoying on harder difficulties.I made it about 5 hours in and encountered a game-breaking bug that prevented me from continuing. I'd encountered the bug several times in the game, but they were overcome (eventually). When using the Mech, you have to turn a valve (again) and the controls simply stop working. I tried it on both M+KB and a 360 controller and it just wouldn't let me pass. This is a fairly common bug apparently.At this point, I'd seen enough of the game and wasn't enjoying it much, so it was the last straw.The PC controls often don't work, and when the button prompts appear on-screen, they're very often wrong, even using the default control scheme. The game clearly wasn't bug-tested or had much, if any, quality-assurance. Even playing on a 360 controller has some issues with wrong button-prompts and slow interactions.When very similiar and much better games like Dead Space exist, I find it impossible to recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,226720,12273966,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Shadow Knight,"First of all I want to say that I didnt played the first Lost Planet game but I played the second one. I like Lost Planet 2 because it has its own style. Lost Planet 2 was ""crazy"" and I enjoyed the journey through the singleplayer campaign. I hoped Lost Planet 3 would have the same style but I got greatly disappointed.Negative Points:Controls- The assignment of keys was horrible in Lost Planet 2 but this time they really wrecked it. I changed the sh*tty layout but after that the most keys just didnt work correctly anymore. I changed the key layout to default because of that but I also had to start a new game cause nothing worked properly after I used a different layout.- Default layout also dont work as well as it should.. Great work!Controls (again)- I raged a lot because the game says at some quicktime events things like ""Hold w/s/a/d"" but in reality I have to press ""F"" several times. It really p*ssed me off.Cover System- The cover system works horribly. I even stopped using it because 1) It doesnt work well and 2) You dont need it.HUD- I dont like the HUD. It doesnt show me the things I need in a acceptable way. And if you are too far away from your mech you will lose important things like the mini map.Enemies- Sometimes enemys just appeared in front (sometimes even inside) of me- The variety of enemys is a joke- Grabbing enemys with the mech is so buggy- Enemies often just stuck in something (especially the flying ones)Boss Enemies- ""Boss Enemies"" - or should I say ""Boss Enemy""? Really you have to fight the same typ of Boss enemy for uhm 3 times I think. Well maybe the crab looks a little bit different every time but it is the same stupid ""crab thing"" over and over again.- One time the boss crab was invincible.. wasted 30 minutes.Weapons- Boring weapons like shotgun, pistol or assault rifle. No crazy ""Holy sh*t"" weapons here..- There are also just a few weapons for you. No fun!Map/World- They call it ""Open World"".. I call it ""Path between 2 loading zones""- Loading zones.. so much loading...even with a strong PCPrice & DLC- Overpriced DLCs- Got the game during a sale and I am happy that I didnt pay the full price (40 euros - 1 year after release) because it is way too much for this game.Bugs- There are some bugs in the game which can make you rage a lot (game breaking bugs like not triggering something are §/""§&$(%&$!!!)- Other bugs are for example: Explosive weapons shell just explode after you shot for no reason so you hurt yourself a lot / cant shoot (only aim) with weapons / invisible walls (no I didnt reach the end of the map because I walked there 5 minutes ago without problems)Steam Connection- You lost connection to steam for about 2 seconds? Well no connection to steam = playing not possible. The game will stop and throw you back to the main menu. Will the game saving the progress? Nope. Seriously why cant I play the game in singleplayer without a connection to steam?Windows Live- Dont worry GFWL died and Lost Planet 3 uses Steamworks now. I still blame every studio which have chosen this GFWL sh*t!Multiplayer- Is nearly dead. You will find some players in Team Deathmatch but the other modes are dead. Maybe you will find some players which are playing for achievements but normally you will not find anyone in a other game mode than Team Deathmacht- Lost all my stats. Just got reseted and after that happend the new stats dont work correctly. Well I dont care that much because I dont got much after 4 hours MP- Now I am in the ""Top 1000"" from the MP leaderboard again.. with 4 kills. Nuff said.Savegame- Only 1 save slot- Savegame got wrong date (I dont think this is the year 2013..)Other problems- Subtitles (german) are sometimes incorrect- Lip sync is so bad- The jokes which are made by the characters are really bad the most time- You liked the mechs in Lost Planet 2? Yes? Well forget them you only get 1 boring mech with no third person view!Neutral Points:Graphics- The game graphics are ok (not good for release 2013 but also not the worst).Story- I have to say that I didnt follow the Lost Planet 3 story that much cause it bored me very quickly.Positive Points:Characters- I like Jim, his wife and the other women you will meet, I dont want to spoiler too much. You will know which one (psst I dont mean the annoying black b*tch) just in case you still want to play this game.Well I just tried to find something positive... actually I hate more characters in Lost Planet 3 than I like.ConclusionAt the end I have to say: Dont buy this game for more than 5 euros! It is a boring game with so many problems. You can feel that this game was made for consols and not for the PC. Lost Planet 2 had a lot of problems too but it was much more fun than Lost Planet 3. The style of Lost Planet 3 reminds me a little bit at Dead Space 3. Also Lost Planet 3 failed as sequel just like Dead Space 3 did. Maybe the number ""3"" is cursed in the gaming industry and Gabe know it? Would explain why we will never see Half Life 3..Back to topic: Do not buy this game. If you really want to buy it do not pay more than 5 euros and do not buy the DLCs!"
,Recommended,226720,7720549,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Chandler,"Pretty good  game. Much more story focused than the first two. Frustrating at points, but still pretty well made. Not sure why it received such mediocre reviews; I didn't feel like it was a slog like lots of them described. The story and the characters are really well done, and the guns feel good. Like I said, pretty good."
,Not Recommended,226720,10695396,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,&thony,DO NOT BUY IF YOU ARE EXPECTING GAMEPLAY SIMILAR TO THE LAST TWO GAMES!the game mechanics have completely changed from the last two titles and I would HIGHLY recommend making sure you watch actual gameplay before buying.
,Not Recommended,226720,11045603,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Wafflekone,"Finally got around to finishing the game.The gameplay was mediocre, but the performances by the characters were good. Overall I don't think the game is particularly bad, but the game is extremely buggy. Just look at the discussion boards and google about the pc version of the game and you'll see for yourself. The game tends to crash ALOT. I got around the game crashing at the beginning by getting rid of the intro videos (nvidia logo screen and etc), but the game tends to have like a 50% chance of crashing everytime I get to a section that loads up a pre-rendered cutscene and that gets old FAST. The support for the game is extremely poor so I would say stay away from the pc version of the game."
,Recommended,226720,14524478,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,I AKU!,"I originally gave this game a negative review due to a gamebreaking bug. Having come back months later this bug seemed to have been fixed so I decided to edit my review.Unlike a lot of space shootman games, LP3 takes its time introducing its characters and giving you the opportunity to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about them, it also focuses on civilians like scientists and engineers instead of your usual ""HOORAH SPESH MAHREENS!"". Biggest example is the protagonist, Jim Peyton. Jim is no Master Chief or Commander Shepard, he’s just a contractor out to get a paycheck to support his family. He’s a relative everyman and the game does a quality job actually showing you his relationship with his family, mainly through videos he exchanges with his wife, Grace, back on Earth. The game takes it time establishing Jim’s day to day life and I think it works. All the approaches the writers make to establish the characters really help give some real heart to what otherwise could have been a generic TPS game. Though there is also the atmosphere which is really freaking good, EDN 3 looks like an utterly hostile planet filled with freezing blizzards and massive lava pools. The country music Grace gives you also adds to this “space trucker” vibe that the game gives off and it really adds to the atmosphere, though you can just play your own music if you want. Overall, it was clear the writers (One of them wrote Anachronox!) wanted something more than flimsy cardboard excuses for story and characters most actions games have. They do well for a while but disappointingly it craps itself at the end with a transparently evil villain that ruins the whole theme of not having any real villains. This really brings the game down from being great but the writing is still solid.When it comes to the combat it is essentially Dead Space and its serviceable but way too many enemies tend to spawn and there’s not much enemy variety. Fighting in your mech can be cool but sometimes it can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥due to some obtuse mechanics. It’s not a game you really play for the combat, just stick to Easy.Overall LP3 has a really strong start with a more unique character driven take on an action game but this peters out as it goes on. It’s still a solid game and worth picking up on sale now"
,Recommended,226720,12616705,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Sainphony,"Finished 7/10Good:+ Good voice acting+ Great blend of Carpenter's ""The Thing"" and Dead Space atmosphere+ Tense soutrackBad:- Dull and cliched story- Boring and repetitive boss fights- Upgrade system almost doen't mean a thing- Awkward QTE moments- Occasional environment glitches"
,Recommended,226720,16870921,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Eze,"I knew of the game share of problems before purchasing it, I was really eager to play it anyway because it had a good story with an original direction. And I wasn't dissapointed one bit. Well maybe I'm exaggerating but I want to recommend this game if you dig anything I write here about it.First of all, I disliked the first 2 games that came before it. Arcade shooting is done right in those previous games, but there isn't much else to back it up unless you have the hots for Lukka.I can assure you this game goes into a different direction with more visceral heavier combat, and also opens up with a good story that has very well characterized characters and good worldbuilding. This last one is a real improvement.While combat is visceral with very beffy guns that are few but are as good as they should to get a good shooter fun, gameplay sometimes gets repetitive. The slow cooking of the story (wich I really dig) sometimes also puts the pacing in a slow move. But you'll be compensated with new guns, new enemies and some cool devices for you worker mech.Yep, working mech. Combat has two facets: you shooting (and dodgin, cuz the akrid creatures are very vicious), and you brawling with giant akrid with a mech mano a mano. It's pretty satisfying to eviscerate those biggies with big industrial tools. You also travel on this thing, and it may be to slow, but don't panic! there's fast travel tool eventually unlocked.Controls are all over the place, but at least the ones used for combat get the things done. And thankfully because the monsters you face are really dangerous. Akrid behave like the vicious creatures they're told in the story instead of those dumb bullet sponges of previous games. Some of the are so cunning that I recommend getting your upgrades (moded bullets, weapons, rig pieces) as soon as you can. This game wasn't easy.Yep. there are QT events , but they're well placed and are actually tense, like trying to aim to the monster to attack instead of just bashing your keys to the extreme of breaking them.The game is overall consistent and it has an identity apart of the other ones, with the situation being ""you're an everyman in an hostile land away from your family, for them"". The only Lost Planet game I enjoyed really. It's underrated if you ask me.Didn't found any game breaking bugs in my long and worthy playtroughts, but I have a tip for you: when the game is telling you ROTATE WASD in your rig, just press F reppeatedely."
76561197991921123,Recommended,226720,8564553,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,meshuggah12345,"Being a fan of the first two Lost Planet games, I was hesitant to pick this one up after hearing a lot of negative reviews. I finally took the plunge and decided it was time to try it for myself and see what it was like. The game is very different than the first two, and seems almost like an ""Americanized"" version of the franchise. If you go into it with the mindset that it will be the same as the old games, you will be disappointed.The storyline is really the stand-out part of this game. In it, we learn the origins of this ""Lost Planet"" and howthe conflict between the Snow Pirates and Nevec began. The gameplay is quite similar to Dead Space, right down to the ""breadcrumbs"" mechanic and the inventory/map screen. Even though Lost Planet 3 does copy the Dead Space's gameplay style, it still does it quite well.The switch to Unreal Engine 3 is really what struck me as odd about this game, and is what turned me off of it in the first place. MT Framework 2.0 is a vastly superior game engine, but being that Lost Planet 3 was developed by the mostly unknown company Spark Unlimited, I can see why there seemed to be a downgrade in that regard. While I feel Unreal Engine 3 has run its course, the game still looks pretty decent graphically. There are quite a few different graphics options and scales pretty well for those using older hardware.I am glad I got this game on sale, as I don't think its worth $50. I got about 12-14 hours out of it and don't regret buying it. If you are open to a change in the franchise, and want to see a very well told story unfold, I recommend it. If you are expecting more of LP1 or 2, stay away!"
,Recommended,226720,24806422,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,[GCS]Lord Chalupacabra,"Honestly a little surprised by how much I enjoyed this game. I picked it up on sale, and I played it with a Steam Controller. After a few growing pains to get the repair function to work properly and adjust the gyro aim to something useful, I had a blast. Is the game revolutionary? No. Not at all. It's basically a corridor shooter with some exploration and open-world-ish resource/collectible hunting. The story is a bit predictable, but the characters are enjoyable and the voice acting top notch. The atmosphere of the game is great, and though the graphics are starting to show thier age, they still hold up well. Also, you get to beat up monsters in giant mech. +If I had to critize anything harshly it would be the weapon choices. You start the game with a pistol, and the next two weapons you will buy are an assault rifle and a shotgun. And those are the guns you are going to finish the game with. Not that their aren't other guns, there are about 8 in total, but they just aren't as useful. That's not entirely fair, they are useful, but they are much more situational. Problem is, you never know what situation you are going to be in. Goint into a close range fight with the small skittery enemies using a grenade launcher or a sniper rifle would be terrible. Going up against a giant crab with nothing but the close in PIG or slow charging energy rifle would be equally bad. Conisdering most missions have a scattering of both... you always want to pack the all round load out. I.E.> Shotgun + Assault rifle.Still, this was exactly the type of game I needed after an endless stream of survival/builders and epic length RPGs. 7/10"
76561197982782989,Recommended,226720,21438221,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Nitehawk,"I almost did not get this game because of all the negative reviews, but was pleasantly surprised by the game during my 4 hours playing it.  I dont get all the hate on as it is a good 3rd person shooter game with a large mech you drive around.  The visuals are rather stunning and the fights with some creatures are challenging.  The mech is not defensless and you can make upgrades to it.  Just cant add guns on it but that is explained early on.   The story so far is pretty good too.  I dont regret my purchase on this one :-)"
76561198090774867,Recommended,226720,7636206,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Guydodge,"i really like all the lost planets but this one is probably my favorite,they changed it up from the other 2.this one is more along the lines of dead space.and a very good story.fights are pretty awesome graphics good sound great solid game 9 out of 10"
76561198074500183,Recommended,226720,17072250,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Zaathra,"i know im a couple years late on this review but whatever.ok. so starting off. i loved this game, the way that they turned it into an semi-open world really let you explore EDN-3.and i like the new graphics over the last 2 games.Its more realistic than LP2, there is more of a fear factor in it because you spend the whole game alone when you're in combat rather than in a team even though Co-Op would be a neat feature.This game does come with a few glitches, but i found nothing gamebreaking. I really hope they make a 4th game and they bring it back to its military theme like Lost Planet 2.this is like my first review so i hope i was helpful"
76561197982946563,Recommended,226720,14534386,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,dedicated001,"This game plays and feels different from the other Lost Planet entries. That much you can get from any other review, and that by itself puts some people off - but not me, and I think you should give this game a chance. That said, I'm not much one for multiplayer, so my comments are about the campaign.The sound and graphics are good, especially the sound design for the weather. Very atmospheric, it really gets your attention when a howling, thundering blizzard rolls in and whites everything out. The music is not bad, and comes in two flavors: moody science fiction-style instrumentals, like what you'd hear in Aliens or Homeworld, and some surprisingly classy western-style guitar and fiddle tunes the main character likes to listen to. They're both understated, but nice touches.The art design and graphics fit the mood as well, giving E.D.N. III a stark beauty you don't find very often. The character animations are a little stiff in-game, but not anything that really breaks immersion - and the mech animations feel nice and stompy, like they have real weight to them. It's a nice effect that I appreciate.The storytelling style is well done, particularly given it's a Capcom game. I don't think they'll ever really live down Resident Evil's infamously cheesy dialogue, but this game feels like it was written by Joss Whedon. Some commenters have mentioned the game feeling similar to the movie Aliens, and I can see that, but I think the main character has more in common with the frontier pragmatism of Jim Raynor or Malcolm Reynolds.So, that's scene-building and mood-setting, and it's done well. But this is a shooter, right? So, how is the action?It's a solid third-person shooter. You have different loadouts you can switch between, upgradeable weapons, and a basic cover system. Getting new weapons can be kind of slow, especially if you focus on side-quests, but every weapon always has some utility: there aren't many trash guns in this game.The pacing can be a bit spastic, and is my only real issue with the game. One of the first QTE's - sorry, I didn't mention those, did I? Yeah, there are some QTE's in this game. They're pretty forgiving, though, and they don't show up enough to be obnoxious.Where was I? Oh, right, pacing. One of the first QTE's is in the middle of a ""help us, player character! Fix this problem RIGHT NOW!"" situation that blows in out of nowhere. The urgency of that errand is a pretty sharp break from the smoother pace the game had had before that, and afterward, it goes immediately back to that ""take your time if you want"" approach. It's a bit jarring sometimes.So overall, if you're a fan of shooters and gritty science fiction, you like mood-building and atmosphere, and you don't mind some pacing shifts, I would definitely recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,226720,9381585,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Cale Jnr,"If you're a big fan of Lost planet 1 or 2, this game probably isn't for you.It does away with the open levels, fast paced combat and co-op in favour for a more linear story driven experience.Please note that this entry into the franchise isn't developed by Capcom like it's predecessors, but instead by Spark unlimited (makers of Legendary, CoD: Finest hour), it's important to note this because combat in this game is completely different to the other 2.The reason for this is Capcom wanted to get a Western studio to develop the franchise with the intent of expanding the LP series in the West.If you're still interested in buying this or on the fence, I reccomend watching total biscuits review for the game;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoQQPmjF5T4Although this review is fairly negative I feel it captures my sentiments for the game perfectly.TLDR; The only similarities to the previous installments in the series is the lore, it's a story driven game, combat feels very dull and repitive.The writers of the story got nominated for outstanding achievement in videogame writing by the writers guild of America (it does have good story, and great character development)3/10 from me, I dropped this game due to the combat."
76561197962124093,Recommended,226720,25475438,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Ambush,Its not a bad game wish Steam had a better ratings system. I got it on sale and I'm having fun playing it.
,Recommended,226720,33670726,Posted: 20 July,all,Shinmen Takezo,"some may called this game is a space janitor simulator,i agree on that.but still.. if you are a sucker for space and starship troopers-esque, fighting insectoid aliens, and being in a mech.it's a fun ride.i(and you might too) just hate the fact that it's takes a long way to retrieve the sub-mission reward."
76561198048548629,Recommended,226720,12104569,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Wraith,"I'd like to say that I love the game, but I can only say I really like the game. I can only recommend it conditionally -- get it on sale, otherwise, pass it up.  You'll get frustrated with some of the problems.I haven't played the other two Lost Planet games in the series, so I have nothing for comparison (which is what lots of the negative reviews seems to be about.)  As a stand alone game, it has a solid linear story line in single player (and single player is what I play for) RPG with really good narrative cinamagraphic cut away scenes, plus the occassional cut-in videos of communications between the character you play and the wife back on Earth which adds to the character background.  Everything experienced is in the past - a retelling of events as a sort of confessional story.The world is not free roam. There are definte restrictions on where one can go and how one can move through the environment.  Not a huge problem for the linear narrative story format of the game, but there are few opportunities to really explore that makes the world really interesting. No really hidden areas or out-of-the-way places to discover that would flesh out the world a bit more for the player.Player movement is also limited - you can't jump or climb or crouch or crawl except in special places and in a choreographed manner. This normally isn't a problem, except in combat where you see a place of solid cover, but there's abosolutely no way to get to it... however, there generally are points of cover available in most combat settings, if one scramble about sufficiently to find them unless the combat situation is designed without it (and, yes, there are those situations, often in ""boss"" type battles.) Though, on second thought, it would be nice to be able to jump over obstacles instead of having to walk around them and even be able to jump on top of them.  It's also rather nice not to be able to wander over a cliff as most cliffs have an invisible barrier to prevent this, but it also takes away some of the fun of game play if you can't have those moments of ""oh, fraaaaaaaaaaaack...."" as one plummets over by mistake.Weapons are simple, but work fine for the game. The game isn't really combat intensive as you're fighting indigenous creatures, some very easy to defeat with a shot or two while others are heavily armored.  Enough variety to keep it interesting,  if only it doesn't get too tedious over time. I'm not there yet, so I don't know though I could see it becoming so given the limits of the creatures and one's own arsenal.My major complaint is that they keybindings for custom key settings are screwed up. When I set them, I get errors like the key is already assigned and it obviously is not as it doesn't show the key, or I assign the key and then when I play, the key doesn't work.  A similar problem occurs when I try to change graphic or sound settings, and then click on ""Apply Settings"", sometimes I get the prompt to save the new settings, sometimes nothing happens.  It's very odd.Also, I often run into the issue that the standard keys for action don't work on ocassion. notably for maniuplating the  clamp arm of the utility rig (after clamping on to an object, the WASD keys don't operate to turn or pump or move the grasped object.)  Very frustrating when the keys don't work.  Makes the game unplayable and it seems to happen at random and I have yet to figure out what gets the keys working again.A second major complaint is no SAVE feature beyond the AUTO-SAVE.  This really sucks as the AUTO-SAVE seems to kick in only after a mission completion.  So, if I'm half-way through a mission and need to quit to get on with my real life, forget it.  I lose all the progress on the mission, even if the last thing I have to do is turn a crank, then open a door and go through it after defeating the ""boss"" creature.  Sometime, yes, real life can't wait for those extra five minutes. Rather silly not to have a user initated SAVE option.Finally, I expect playing with a game controller would be easier than with keyboard/mouse. However, I don't have that option with my set-up. I suspect the problems I'm having with key mapping don't apply with a game controller - or maybe they do if all the game controller does is map to keyboard/mouse. In which case, same problems.ADDENDUM: The WSAD issue is cleared up on the Steam Forums (took some searching) - one can simply use the F key.  Hey, that isn't presented on the screen, another problem! Wrong instructions! Also, on the Steam Forms, one can locate how to edit the key mapping config file directly to bypass the cruddy and disfunctional ingame interface, if that's to your liking.  Me?  I'd rather have a functional interface rather than have to muck about with config files... I've gotten past that sort of thing in my life and I just want to recreate now, not hack on the back end of things or tweak or poke about in the mechanics of the program or config files so much anymore."
76561197979368506,Not Recommended,226720,12858422,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Turkey Legs 27,"Let me start by saying Lost Planet Extreme Condition colonies edition , and Lost Planet 2 are two of my favorite PC games. So  I am a HUGE Lost Planet fan. This so called ""Lost Planet 3"" However is so bad in everyway possible...1st off let us start with the graphics..Lost planet Pushed PC graphics to the max at the time of release(really taking advantage of DX10 effects) Lost Planet 2 also Pushed PC tech at the time,and Really utilized DX11.The DX9 ONLY graphics on Lost Planet 3 and effects are Just really bad...If you are a fan of the series,be ready to be Very disappointed. Gameplay and Graphics wise. Lost Planet and Lost Planet 2 are such beautiful looking , and playing games,with the PERFECT 3rd person View with such original satisfying gameplay, Lost planet 3 however is atrocious ,in all regards.. from the horrible graphics,horrible effects,bad gameplay..the every been there done that 3rd person view,This game does not feel look or satisfy the Lost Planet fan :(Red faction is also a great game series,and This game looks and feels Like a very very bad & Rushed version of a red faction game..Multiplayer is so linear,and single player,is decent at best,The whole Control scheme,gameplay,graphics ,EVERYTHING about lost planet 3 does not look,feel or satisfy me,and has changed for the worse.I can't stress enough how extremely disappointed I am with Lost Planet 3...It Feels as if  The game was made by people who have NEVER played or worked on Past Lost Planet Games,It feels like any old bland 3rd person shooter with rushed xbox 360 quality graphics/effects.The gameplay also feels rushed.I can only Hope Lost planet 4 will return to Lost Planet's Roots.Avoid Lost Planet 3 at all costs sadly is my recommendation.If you have Never played a Lost Planet game,and start with Lost Plant 3 , prepare to have you're mind Blown when you try Lost Planet 2, or Colonies,or extreme condition.If you are a Fan of the Lost Planet Series,well then..be prepared to be Very disappointed...This is NO Lost Planet game."
76561198029506850,Recommended,226720,12009884,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,悪夢 FaitcH ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"I have been a Capcom Fan for many many years now and Lost Planet 3 just showed me why.This game, for me, is almost perfect on every aspect, from gameplay to story to environment to sounds etc etc.It is just so well made and so immersive.Being a 3D animator myself, i have to say that the animation and sounds effect related to them is simply gorgeous and so well done.Every Lost Planet are different from one another and LP3 is a really great asset to the serie.I've been enjoying every single minutes i've played this game so far and would totally recommend that game."
,Not Recommended,226720,34334974,Posted: 18 August,all,Arkan01d,"I wanted to like this game. I waited a long time to play it. I was a fan of LP1. I played it on the 360 when it first came out. It was a good 3rd person action game with fun mech style multiplayer. I did not get a chance to play LP2; so I was seriously stoked when I saw the trailer for LP3. But no matter how stoked I am for a game, I do not preorder!I never preorder anything; so I was glad I didn't purchase when I saw the inital reviews. The game had bad controls, it wasn't a great PC port, the game itself wasn't anything like the other 2. So I waited. I waited for the bugs to get squashed and the memory of LP1 to fade before I dove into LP3.From a development standpoint a lot of LP3 has been borrowed for the LP series, but they missed some very fundamental aspects: Action Shooter would be one. This game introduces cover shooting which was a popular mechanic at one time, but by the time this game released, it was a tired trope. They also took the game in a darker tone. As well, they upped the production value of the game and focused more on telling a real story... however, part of that story production included quick time events. These were not needed to make the original game fun, nor were they welcomed by most players.Another issue for the game was it's story. They put all this effort into scripted in-engine storytelling, but the moment you play the game the story that's happening around you gets drowned out by the action or your own focus on playing the game. The one special thing that they put a lot of extra effort into developing, and that would have improved the game experience, got washed out. Why? Because LP has always been an action shooter! Either put the story in only movie form, like Blizzard does in their action games, or don't worry so much about it like earlier LP titles.On the positive side, the voice acting is good. I like that they had people with different accents in the game. They weren't corny accents either, they sounded geniune. The story was good for what I played. You could see where things were going. I never felt like I was being lead to a big reveal, but the writing and acting were done very well. The way they programed the NPC's to move about and interact with the player helped emerse you in the game. Enemy AI plays well enough.Although I found myself multiple times seeing the AI pattern, but my own animations prevented me from taking the appropriate actions. Part of that may have to do with my own poor aim with a joystick. Despite owning a 360 and playing games on it for a while, I have always been a PC gammer. It's been 10 years since I used a joystick to aim with. Coming from mouse aim to a thumb stick was frustrating and felt unnecessary. I was told the game was terrible with PC controls; so I used a 360 remote. I am no good at aiming with a remote! I found myself in reload animations more times than I actually killed things. For me that was the biggest let down and the reason I do not recommend it.Yes Lost Planet 3 is a flawed game. Yes it is a bad departure from what the series stood for. However, there is a good game here, but the poor control scheme left me frustrated and wishing this had been a proper PC port."
,Recommended,226720,30018221,Posted: 18 February,all,Miphnificent!,"Lost Planet 3 is somewhat within the same vein as Dead Space, if Dead Space were more focused on Aliens and not on Space Zombies or what have you. Jim Peyton sets out to E.D.N. III to find his own fortune as a freelance contractor taking a contract from NEVEC to supply for his Wife and Child back on Earth. Using your rig, your own wits, and the weapons you carry about with you, you are tasked to survive on the inhospitable planet of E.D.N. III.Lost Planet 3 has quite a lot of issues, however the majority of them are easily fixed, such as the keyboard control issues from being poorly ported. With solid music, enjoyable gameplay (if you like the Lost Planet series) and an interesting atmosphere, let's get into the pros and cons of this, shall we?Pros:- Solid gunplay, being akin to that of the first Lost Planets with the run and gun style, as well as dodging to mitigate any damage.- Extremely varied arsenal, with a multitude of interesting weapons to choose from. From the Assault Rifle to a rapid firing Nailgun, there's quite a lot of variety to go along with.- Well designed mecha, being based around being a utility platform instead of an actual unit to fight in, whilst also being an intimidating powerhouse.- Excellent music choices whilst exploring, allowing you to set the music to specific soundtracks whilst in the rig.- Decent storyline with a relatable protagonist in Jim Peyton. Sending messages back and forth to his wife about their son, his job, and answering her pleas of safety and reassurance whilst working in hazardous areas.- The ability to converse with NPC's as well as find audio logs and text logs for worldbuilding experiences.- Non-linear exploration.- Interesting RPG elements.- Ammo conservation being a key point within this game, juggling between your primary and secondary weapons, as well as your infinite ammunition pistol to handle small grunts within the game to conserve ammunition.- SOME Decent boss fights, being akin to that of the original Lost Planets. SHOOT THE GLOWING ORANGE SPOT.- A plethora of interesting Akrid to fight, some of which being familiar faces from the original games.Cons:- Horrible controls for keyboard and mouse that don't work correctly off the bat, however can be fixed in a matter of a minute. Regardless of whether this can be fixed, it is still inexcusable.- No truly random or hazardous storms upon EDN III, allowing for you to get out of your mech and traipse around in the blurry and white overworld.- Some boss fights are extremely time consuming, and seem as though they were implemented to lengthen the players playtime with the game. Whilst none of the bosses are BAD, some of them just aren't exceptionally well done.- Extremely underplayed cover system, which almost does not belong within the game and relies heavily on a specific enemy to actually have any real utility.- Extremely stoic protagonist outside of cutscenes and videos to his wife. Essentially wandering the wastes and surviving death defying stunts with the expression of "":|"" the entire time.- 30FPS low-res cutscenes unless you have the hi-res cutscene DLC, making it abundantly apparent that this was a rushed port of the game.Overall: 7/10. If you're coming to Lost Planet 3 expecting the same gameplay and style as the original Lost Planets, you're going to have a bad time. Come to this game expecting a somewhat darker atmosphere, non-linear exploration, and overall satisfying gunplay/weaponry. This game has a LOT which it could've improved upon, even though most of the flaws can be easily rectified, they are flaws present within the game which makes them inexcusable. Lost Planet 3 would have done better as its own stand alone title, instead of carrying the expectations of the Lost Planet series upon its shoulders.Worth $25? Hellllllll no. Whilst the game is enjoyable, and I found it charming, it is awash with flaws and so on. Wait for it to go on sale and then purchase it."
76561198093145458,Recommended,226720,16819720,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,BigBlueDinosaur,"If you're a fan of atmospheric sci-fi action/adventure games (or films) this is a good game.  Good, not great.  Lost Planet 1 is one of my favorite shooters of all time, mostly due to the unusual story, characters and the setting/atmosphere.  This game acts as a prequel (by a longshot) of that original title.The story grabbed me out of the gate, and the setting and atmosphere are just right for Lost Planet.  The planet feels even harsher and more alien than it did in the first outing, which is great.  There's a certain ""Alien"" quality to it.  (In case you're wondering, I hated the characerization-free, multiplayer-ish, terraformed Lost Planet 2).  The characers, acting and emotive faces really reel you in, especially the very human-interest bits.  It's an unusual, almost Disney animation-ish art style (but more realistic)... it's hard to describe, but it works.Yes, this game plays more like a ""western"" 3rd person game (read: Gears of War) and has quicktime events.  And backtracking.  And some repetitive bits.  And a few minor glitches.  But hey, so it isn't perfect.  It's still good if this whole endeavor sounds appealing to you."
,Not Recommended,226720,21410899,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Bangcat,"Not a bad story for the curiosity of origins and visuals. But as a game, it's just not what Lost Planet fans needed.In truth if they just took the gameplay and mechanics of LP2, made it a mass player co-op experience with customization support or randomly generated levels for missions into the future, that easily works without Windows live garbage, it would've been that grand experience we could hope for. Especially if they could do it while keeping the journey like the first game.As for this game, it's a bit of a hit or miss, and overall could've been left out. Game play wise it chokes out the old options and possibilities that came with 1&2 by limiting where you can grapple, less vital suit options to what feels less than the bare minimum and it lacks anything you really would've hoped for from past co-op and multi player offerings.It makes me sad that most of Capcom traditions past will never live up to the expectations anymore. Sadly much of this so called AAA industry just feels really out of touch with what really moved games up the ladder of what's fun. So much money asked for high end visuals but fails to really expand properly on gameplay options and fun.This game felt like truck driving without the social experience. It felt like a job without benefits by the time you got over looking at the scenery.Just give us a better up to date Lost Planet 2 with an ongoing frontier and some story with other updates over time. Give us what we would want. An immersive, fun, experience with a proper growth of options to keep it going."
,Recommended,226720,11296216,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,mark | dj.,+ The cold atmosphere is very well done+ Funny+ Sidemissions make it feel less linear+ Mech is awesome (but slow)+ Music/Radio+/- Third person combat brings nothing new to the table but is still solid+/- Even though you can go wherever you want it still feels linear because of all the level transitioning/loading screens- Boss fights feel a little bit tedious- Gets a bit boring near the end- Some pointless FMVs that don't move the story forward[Rating: 76/100]
,Recommended,226720,12094601,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Cpt. Okeera,"Having played the game solely for the campaign, with one or two multiplayer matches under my belt, I'm not entirely certain I can give a good review, but I can give my opinon at the very least.I had an interesting experience while playing. The introduction to E.D.N. III was splendid and gave me a pretty blatant message that the game was not going to be like it predecessors. Which in some ways is unfortunate, but in others it's great.It was great because it meant they changed it to a way that would allow a much more closely followed story. Rather than LP 2, where the story kinda jumped all over the play till it came all together at climax.The akrid enemies were varied in some scenarios, some added new tactics other than just being big an menacing, and some just marched toward you like an explosive cow towards a humansized-shotgunweilding-meatgrinder. Not to say it wasn't fun mowing down waves of that strange basic acrid tripod thingy.Fighting the large creatures on foot proved a challenge sometimes, though their tactics were easy to learn. When you later face similar creatures in your Rig I found the experience of welding and/or drilling them to death quite relaxing.One unfortunate thing is the grappling hook. I loved that thing in the first installments of the Lost Planet series. Sadly thanks the games changes, usage of it as an exploration and tool have been limited to 'designated' cliffs and such. I mean later in the game you get a zip-line upgrade that lets you slide on zip-lines sometimes. Either way, one the few things I didn't like.Overall the game was good from start to finish. Except for a certain part about 2/5th in, where they try to shove you into a cramped station and the pit orchestra from Dead Space returns with a raging vengeance as they♥♥♥♥♥♥your ears while the awesome nothingness ensues! Really, they try to create an atmosphere that just really was never there for me.So in closing:Do you want a game that's fun and you can just♥♥♥♥♥♥around it? LP2 or 1 might be a better bet.Want a game that gives an interesting explanation as to how♥♥♥♥♥♥got to the first LP with a cool♥♥♥♥♥take on Rigs and VSs? This is for you~"
76561198067556154,Recommended,226720,25351757,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,nashathedog,"I recently looked at my stats for this game and noticed that it had been on my account for over 2 years so I decided to get on and do a playthrough. I just completed the campaign and came away happy that I'd finally played and completed it, It has it's faults, For example I found the combat both in and out of the loader to be inprecise but it could be forgiven that due to it's attributes. The games a great looker that's full of amazing set pieces and many well done cut-scenes, They do wonders for helping put the story across and it keeps you engrossed through to the end.I'll rate the overall score as a 7 out of 10 and based on the fact that the game is a few years old and can be had fairly cheap during the sales I think it's a must buy for anyone who hasn't played it before. If that's you grab it in a sale you won't regret it."
,Recommended,226720,16826998,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Passiflora,"I got Lost Planet 3 with low expectations because of the reviews, and honestly this is probably the best way to approach it. There are a number of things to turn you away from the game. The multiplayer is empty (I mean it), the controls feel like unrefined Gears of War rather than lost planet, the rig fights become monotonous fast, and - I cannot stress this enough - this game is entirely unlike LP1 & 2. Different tone, themes, pacing, and enemies. Bigger environment but narrow linear paths. Grapple points are limited and pre-selected, and the VS play I loved is practically non-existent.That's a lot of quirks. Which means that when I say I enjoyed the hell out of this game anyway, you know there has to be something good under all that ice. If you can get used to the controls, settle back into your rig and open up to the world, then there's a lot in this game for you to love. The characters are far more human (though still a bit contrived), the story is vastly improved over previous LP's, and the environments are absolutely enchantingly alien. It's enough to make you fall in love with EDN III, if you can't love the game itself.In a nutshell - you've gotta deal with a big, rough drop to get to EDN III, but damn if this world doesn't have charm once you get here."
,Recommended,226720,16246072,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,CHA0T1C EN1GMA,"This game is way better then the reviews said. Just because it is not 100% like the old games doesnt mean that its not good. This game has the feeling of being out in the cold trying to survive conditions. The feeling of the game is similar to dead space. You are mostly alone throughout the game. Things that were greatly improved from the old games: controls are much better, upgrade system is more meaningful, graphics are absolutelty incredible. The game is very cinematic and crisp. I would reccomend this to anyone that is a resident evil, deadspace, or lost planet fan. DO NOT go into the game comparing it to lost planet 1 and 2 and you will find that you will enjoy this game. I give it a 8.5/10"
76561198028544277,Not Recommended,226720,29367184,Posted: 19 January,all,Nzo,"I played lost planet 1 and 2 and thought they were brilliant, Lost planet 2 certainly raised the bar so naturally when I saw lost planet 3 I thought it would be like its predecessors if not better but sadly I was wrong. Honestly when playing it, felt nothing like lost planet, more like a really crappy version of dead space if it was an RPG. Some elements of the game are good but overall its disappointing. Story gets dull real quick and moves so slow you tend to forget about it as you play. The characters are very unmemorable, there are a number of weapons available as you progress but you will most likely find yourself using the assault and shotgun as the rest are useless in comparison, the akrids in this are a massive disappointment and the game just makes whole mechanised rig feel redundant. It most so slow and that will really annoy you, its a mining rig so no weapons on it (not the way to go, the VR's where a huge part of the other titles so to remove them and add a rig with no weapons was a dumb move) what abilites the rig has isn't combat friendly so you're better off fighting akrids on foot than in the rig. Some boss fights would be more fun on foot rather than in the clumsy rig. I can see that more emphasis was placed on the story of the game rather than the gameplay which would have been ok if only the story didn't suck. I was really hoping to enjoy this game as much as I did the first 2 but for em, I can't think of any redeeming factor in this game. Sorry to say but this is a let down if you're a lost planet fan."
,Recommended,226720,14631452,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Seth,"Call me crazy, but I really enjoyed this atmospheric sci-fi experience. Nice balance of action and running around talking to people keep the pacing about right.A few overly long boss fights - embarrassingly, I had to drop down to easy mode for one of them.. but this was mostly due to bad coding that would only accept certain moves if you were standing the perfect distance from the target.  So 90% of the time it said ""repositiong your rig.."" even though there was nothing blocking you.  Sad they never went back and fixed little things like that, but a few small issues like that don't really ruin it."
76561198047945985,Recommended,226720,12635683,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Ruan,Not a single disappointment anywhere in this game except noone plays multiplayer but who cares. It has an amazing story. All the pieces are starting to come together.
,Not Recommended,226720,23910729,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,pass_judgement_on_me_as_you_walk,"note: every other game i have reviewed has recieved a serious review, this is not a serious reviewLost plant 1 and 2 were fantastic games. They had really cool mechanics which gave them loads of personaity. Lost planet 3 removed a large part of what gave the series its personality. If lost planet 3 is your introduction to the lost planet series you might like it, but if you played the previvous lost planet then you'll probably dislike lost planet 3. The game does not have free use of the grapple hook and does not implement the thermal energy health system what so ever. rip lost planet and♥♥♥♥♥u capcom"
76561198047449927,Recommended,226720,14522191,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Chitsu Doragon,"Great Game. If you want a game about giant robots facing monstrous aliens, other giant robots, and stalagtites, buy this game."
76561197971466246,Not Recommended,226720,34325873,Posted: 18 August,all,dragonikSC,"I've seen self exploding Akrid with better understandment of the basics of videogaming than the guys at Spark Unlimited.I mean, not even the companies that get pushed with short deadlines do this kind of stuff. They had great art, nice story, but they forgot they weren't making paintings or novels, but rather a ♥♥♥♥ing videogame, with all of what implies.To think they removed my beloved coop in LP2 for this...Addendum: I think I've spent almost as much time fighting the giant boss crab like creatures (Akrid L)as the time spent getting to them over and over whenever they kill me, repeating countlessly all the (unskippable) cinematics/in game scenes, and long walks towards them. Even worse when they bug out and you can't even kill them they way you are supposed to, and you die, and you have to keep retrying (scenes and walks included) until you bypass the bug."
,Recommended,226720,18037664,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Anaf7,+ Its actually not as bad as I thought it would be+ Has a story that kinda makes sense- Fast Travel should be available from when you unlock a new area- The Mech is slow AF- Too many loading screens in 1 area (Upper Hanger/Labs)
76561198112335919,Recommended,226720,16583465,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ron   ︻气デ═一,"LOVE THIS It's a bit of a walk through, but it's so beautiful and the bug splatters are so gratifying.  I love FPS and TPS and it's funny but this is a bit hidden on steam.  I didnt stumble onto it until I owned another 120 games.I find it strange this has MIXED reviews.  Graphics are great, control is nicely done, framerate superb even in highest settings.  I'm playing this on a i5 Mac (with win7 installed).  This is one of the few games that keeps me engrossed for long periods of time.  The FPS in the MECH like vehical is awesome.  (I hope it has some sort of guns later).   I loved the old Mech warrior games and this is really fun to walk around in.  If on sale - grab it... but it's not a hard core game. The play is fairly easy, but cool - your guy has a cable much like Batman games.  It's no  METRO - but it's still very enjoyable.  The feeling is very cinematic... I often feel I'm watching a movie, the sound track is a big part of that.  I like this a lot and purchased 1 and 2 as well (yet to play)There is one annoyance. Every so often if steam looses connection the game will drop back to main menu saying there was a change in character or login or something like that.  The solution is to start steam in off line mode.  A PAIN - I usually forget and have to replay the last level again due to the crash. Would be nice if they fixed this."
76561197990989311,Not Recommended,226720,32158983,Posted: 3 June,all,vonesrom,OMFG  why bother having custom keybinds  if they are going to make it this difficult.this could be the best game ever.. but  if you are someone who likes to rebind keys   this game hates you...
,Not Recommended,226720,25023186,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Internet Knight,"Lost planet 3 is a really, really mixed bag for me. I'll put the pros and cons of this game:Pros:+ Story is interesting and made me unironically want more.+ The sections where you fight in your RIG are neat.+ Upgrading system isn't a drag.+ You can put custom music in your RIG.+ Collectables are nice.Cons:- Ground combat is rather... flacid, it's boring and sadly you'll be doing it a lot.- Takes a while to get place to place.- Final boss is rather dull.- Lack of weapons and mods for said weapons.- Several difficulty spikes.- Lack of replay value.Overaul I can't reccomend this for the full price, however if there is a sale of 50% - 80% get it."
,Recommended,226720,21835870,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Winkbell,Lost Planet 1 = Mobile suit GundamLost Planet 3 = Deadspacehehehe
76561197992067871,Recommended,226720,21364323,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,tMhBm,"Ok its not a bad game after all. DOWNLOAD FREE DLC HI - RES MOVIES - I wonder why are the animations so bad (squares literally) and after finishing the game I found this DLC - to late. I dont know why developers did this. RPG elements is based on DEAD SPACE, I must say the story is pretty good. Graphics wonderfull, but again (dont know about HI-RES) faces animation terrible.NOTE: At the time of writing this review I notice that overall review is MIXED it should be POSITIVE (I cant change it of course) but here are some ideas why:1) Part of community expect another game like previous ones in sequel wich is definitly not2) Another part expect another game like DEAD SPACE wich is not3) The rest was annoyed by early bugs (I played this game 2 years after release so either I am lucky one or everything is patched now)"
76561198031041139,Recommended,226720,33093664,Posted: 1 July,all,Cyrus.Vance,"Lost Planet 3 - The Adventures of a Forklift Driver in Space :)The game is a third person shooter with a cover system, creepy aliens and a giant robot you can drive. Imagine ""Gears of War"" meets ""Dead Space"", with a little ""Titanfall"" thrown into the mix.+ I have not played the previous games of the series, but this is a prequel, so that wasn't a problem.+ The sci-fi story is good, definitely one of the selling points of the game.+ The presentation is very cinematic. The characters are mostly interesting, the major roles are well acted, although some of the smaller roles are a bit cheesy.+ The atmosphere is well done, the colony feels like an industrial outpost.+ The game has some very nice country/southern rock music, you can listen to it in your cockpit while walking across the snowy planet. It's a nice touch, fits well with the whole frontier theme.+ Having a giant robot with a claw and an industrial drill is FUN. Very satisfying to crush hard enemies into a pulp, that annoyed you while on foot :)+ There are side-quests beside the main missions, so the game is not entirely linear.~ The grappling hook is a nice idea, but its use is very limited, it can only be used in predefined places. Feels like a missed opportunity.~ There is multiplayer, I suppose, but I have not tried it. Also I expect it is dead this late after the release.The game has some faults too, that can be annoying:- Aiming and shooting is awkward, feels every bit the console port it is. The crosshair seems to move with discrete increments instead of smoothly.- There are a couple of long segments of the game without the possibility of upgrade.- Remapping keys is buggy.- There are 3 unnecessary interaction buttons.- The AI of the human enemies is dumb, as a bag of rocks.- Some checkpoints are horribly placed. You have to watch cut-scenes over and over if you die, and you cannot skip them.- There are many QTEs, and some of them are as annoying, as you would expect :/ But not the worst, I have seen in games. The hardest are the QTE-based boss fights in your robot.Despite the faults and problems, I recommend the game for the story, setting and the giant robot."
76561198004615727,Not Recommended,226720,29280317,Posted: 15 January,all,Bulscu,"When I opened it for the fist time, I was in awe. Music with the feeling of Alien movies, nice artistic creation of frozen planet on the end of known space, giant mechs and dystopian world of corporations, and lone optimistic character in the middle of this setting.And it would be a really good start, but thats actually all this game has to offer.The game is simply boring. Missions are only ""fetch this"" type, some story arc is created in-betweeen, but it doesn't drive you at all.Even the main character is flat and flavourless like a plain french crêpe.Whant something similar, but much better? Try Dead Space."
76561197974912593,Recommended,226720,14523050,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ReÑ¡ciÐe,"Decent game. Nice graphics. A relaxing shooter. Takes too long to get to ur rig, as well as anything else. Not fond of the country music that I am unable to change."
,Recommended,226720,21334985,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mr.Grumpy,"Its been a while since I last played this, but seeing the reviews now I'd like to state my opinion.Let me start by saying this is not your traditional run and gun mega action Lost Planet game. If that is a major turn off I would not reccomend getting this. Lost Planet 3 is an interesting case where the devs decided to take a more story driven approach. You play this game for its story, and that's about it. It has this interesting quest system that made me feal as if I were playing an rpg game, and to be honest I liked it. I believe the game has a great story, one that really wrapped me into to it. While the pacing could have been better I really felt for the characters, they meant something to me. And in terms of story driven games, that is very good.But now lets talk about the gameplay itself. Lost Planet 3 takes a Dead Space approach to over-the-shoulder third person view, unlike other Lost Planet games. The gunplay is also similar to the Dead Space series. There is a lot of running from here to there but don't worry there are plenty of baddies to shoot on your way...most of the time.The game has its fair share of good and bad, the good being the story, and the bad being the fact that this game does not do justice to the Lost Planet name. Really what is important to know is that this is a game with a good story and decent gameplay, but do not expect it to be the next big Lost Planet game it set out to be."
,Recommended,226720,25640777,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Nora Iconiq,I checked all the negative posts and watched out for the bugs that were mentioned while playing the campaign. And personally I really enjoyed it I litterally only ran into one bug and it was very minor and very temporary without needing a restart. Overall I'd give this game a ten out of ten mostly because I think it had a good story loved the gameplay. And found it surprisingly challenging. The only things I would probably complain about is the lack of enemy types and that no one is giving the multiplayer a chance. I tried out a co-op survival mode in the multiplayer with just myself and I rather enjoyed it just wished more people couldve been on so it would be more fun. Back to what I was saying about enemy types sure there's like only 15 or so total enemy types but their done pretty well none of them are too weak and pretty much all of them can potentially kill the player. As for people complaining about the enemies being bullet spounges thats how it's been since the first game I would know because I've played the orignal lost planet and most enemies are bullet spounges on that too.But much like with this game the amount of bullets it takes depends on the strength of the weapon and pretty much all of them can get some sort of upgrade which sadly upgrades were not a thing in the original game. And I would have to say that this is very much not a lost planet game because there was so many changes done to the game play that sets it too far apart from the first lost planet game. How ever as far as a third person action shooter that takes place in the same universe as lost planet I'd have to say it does very well for itself. And honestly I'm kinda looking forward to any possible sequels of lost planet or games in general done by the same team in the future. If you were to ask me if I would recomend this to any friends I'd say definately yes.
,Recommended,226720,12144294,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Agent 007,I love this game a whole lot! Epic campaign mode and Awesome multiplayer...Although the player base is limited it seems. Not many people on multiplayer as other games like halo's multiplayer. I highly recommend this game though! all 3 of them from lost planet 1-3 they are awesome.
,Not Recommended,226720,16479707,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,whitechili,"Introduction:I got this game for 6.99. Not even worth that much. The combat is always the same: shoot the little guys with your pistol and kill them in one shot. Boss fights are always the same. You fight the same scorpion and crab thing 4 times! Almost back to back! The part of the game that was suposed to be the best... sucks. My next complaint. You get this stupid rig that the only thing it is useful for is giving your ammo back. Combat is HORRIBLE in it. You are always better to get out WHEN YOU CAN. Sometimes the game forces you to stay in the rig to fight bosses. Fighting is bland on its own and just plain out frustrating in the rig. Even fighting the little guys is a pain because of your limited range! The huge metal tank rig DOESNT EVEN HAVE A GUN ON IT! Don't buy this game! Not even if it is on sale. I gave it 8 and a half hours to give me something good combat wise and I got nothing. The story is cool but the actual game itself was terrible. They should make a Lost Planet 3 movie. That would be better than the game itself. Shows how bad this game was and I regret spending 6.99$ on it.Now onto bug complaints. When it says rotate with wsad, it really means spam F. I probably wasted 10 minutes sitting there hitting wasd in every possible combo until I just got bored and tapped f and it worked. Also, when you get the winch thing, a little caution tap logho looking thing appears. You to move into just the right position to where the logo changes to Z and then shoot the winch. I spent 20 minutes trying every possible place to throw the winch.Controls: TERRIBLE! To pick up items, you have to reach all the way across the keyboard to hit the P key. Since it has multiple controls for picking things up (control for pick up item, control for pick up ammo, which are both set to P by default) and it doesnt allow you to bind the same key to multiple things, so you are pretty much stuck with itWeapon choice: sucks. the grenade launcher is absolutely useless in 99.999% of combat situations. Buy the shotgun and assault rifle if you muist purchase this game. That and the pistol are the only useful weapons and I found myself using the pistol 99% of the time. You don't even need to buy weapons. I played the game on normal and I rarely needed to pull out the shotgun or the assault rifle unless I just wante dto quickly finish off a bossTo sum up combat: shoot or drills small glowing areas for bosses which somehow can take 36 shotgun rounds before showing any damage has been taken. The little guys are just annoying. They make annoying noises and there are usually so many, you find yourself begging for no combat so you can just continue the story because the combat is TERRIBLY ANNOYING, FRUSTRATING, AND BORING.Visibility: 80% of the time you can barely see what is only a few feet in front of you. All you see if blue and white everywhere. Occasionally you see red, but those are just Akrid eggs (the monsters that want to kill you) and they explode if you get near them without destroying them.Final Thoughts:LP3 suffers from bad combat, bad visibility, bad controls, and gives the player no sense of upgrading or gain because the upgrades to weapons are useless unless they are extended mag upgrades (pretty much the only upgrades). The only pros to LP3, in my opinion, are the story and the graphics. LP3 is a pretty good looking game. The story is interesting, but with how much annoying combat, bad visibility, and bad controls there are pretty much cancel this one out. I would never recommend this game to anyone."
76561198007135587,Not Recommended,226720,32484977,Posted: 16 June,all,TweeMansLeger,"Don't buy. I've played through LP1 and LP2, and both of  those games are way more enjoyable than this mediocre title. It's like what happened to the Dead Space trilogy all over again.The Pros:- The main character; Design-wise he's pretty solid. Enjoyable too.- Visuals: The visuals are good, although a frozen planet with one type of texture doesn't bode much of a challenge.The Cons:- Slow combat. As in all LP games you'll have to shoot their red glowing parts to do real damage, which was fun and challenging in the first two installments. In this one however, it's really annoying. Enemies have just one glowing red part that they always cover up in every animation state. Slows down combat immensly.- Movement: It's sluggish. Controlling the character feels like he perpetually moving in slow motion, except for when he's rolling. So you're incentivized to use your dive roll as this is 200% faster than normal walking. (Zelda on the N64, anyone?)- Gameplay: Horrendous , non-intuitive and just plain old boring. Following waypoints in your incredibly slow mech (no sprint option either) is what you'll be doing 80% of the game. It's not fun to walk somewhere, turn a generator on or turn a cog clockwise, and go back to base. Honestly, the first three hours of the game is only this.- Story: It's very generic. You're trapped on an ice-planet and energy is running low. Feels a bit manufactured, especially compared to the first two LP titles.Final verdict: Pretty meh, if you're in doubt of purchasing this game, don't do it. If you really want to experience it for yourself for some reason, pick it up on a sale when it's 9.99$ or watch some youtube videos."
,Recommended,226720,14518884,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,that's what she said,"Lost Planet was dumb game with crappy story, idiotic characters and awful acting. But it was fun third person action game with vehicles. Yeap it was fun to play between awfulness of it's plot cutscenes.Lost Planet 2 was boring mediocre game without any redeeming qualities at all. Just grindy third person shooter to kill hour or so with your friends (co-op fixes everything as always).Lost Planet 3 is very very immersive, very personal game full of atmosphere, beautifully fleshed out characters, detailed environments and great voice acting. It's competent but not very memorable shooter. The problem with Lost Planet 3 is it's own franchise. Lost Planet was dumb but fun bug shooter. Lost Planet 3 is neither dumb or fun shooter. If you want to catch a cold on a distant planet and ride in your trusted drilling machine while listening to great music - Lost Planet 3 is for you. If you just want to shoot some bugs - avoid.For me - I grew tired of mindless shooting. I prefer immersion. I prefer details. That's it. That's why I put thumb up here and recommend this game for any fan of immersive games.I never liked Lost Planet franchise anyway (can't see a single reason why anyone would like it anyway), but I really like LP3."
,Recommended,226720,18867463,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,satsun,"This is the only Lost Planet I've played, but LP3 is apparently a prequel to LP2.In Lost Planet 3, you're on a distant planet working as a contractor mining energy due to an energy crisis on Earth. Your primary obstacles are arthropods that inhabit the planet. You are able to purchase and upgrade firearms and you travel around in a large, upgradeable robot suit that you will use to do battle with. The game consists of a typical primary and side-quest system that allows you to stray and then progress the story at your own pace.I felt that the story was fairly good and I say that because I actually wanted to play through it to find out what happened next. The gameplay isn't particularly difficult, I played through on 'normal' difficulty, but there are maybe a couple moments where you might get frustrated; there may be some tricks to defeating certain bosses.I thought that the graphics and audio were good considering that it's a last-gen console game. I ran it at 2560×1440 @ 144Hz and it sat at 144FPS the entire time with the exception of some small hitches in one area. I had no bad technical issues with the game but there were a couple issues: 1) the 'turn the claw' button is displayed wrong and 2) it seems that if Steam goes offline that the game boots you to the title screen; fortunately it auto saves often.I enjoyed it and I might even re-play just a bit but it's not a game I'll probably entirely replace since most things are achievable in the first playthough.SLIGHT SPOILERS:1) You're run out of ammo on one boss and will have to use the handgun to pick away at it.2) One of the later bosses seems to be immune to grenade damage."
,Recommended,226720,17115799,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Zelren,"The story is great, I like the characters and the main character is like an awesome version of Nicholas Cage. I actually enjoy every character in the game and that makes it a whole lot better. But the controls. I mean what?. Seperate keys to pickup ammo? And changing these keys are a dingus because because there's so many buttons for seperate things. And the game lied to me. ""Yo press F8 for T-post"" ok yeah thats what I set it to, but why you no work. I had to set every thing to default controls to figure out what button I actually needed to press :( and remember how changing the controls is a dingus. Meh. The rest of the game, yeah it's pretty solid. Good storyline. I like it."
76561198027713442,Recommended,226720,21198309,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Scissorman,"The Lost Planet series has never been known to have a coherent story or memorable characters. The series has always been known for it's massive, colossal boss battles and frantic action. The story takes a back seat and you just blow stuff away. Lost Planet 1 had amazing boss fights, but was repetitive in the gameplay department and the story stopped making any sense halfway through. Lost Planet 2 forget to implement a story and instead gave us an intense, action packed kill fest that we could play with friend. Mindless, but fun.Then developer Spark gave us Lost Planet 3. Finally we have a logical and coherent story with characters that don't feel like they have jumped out of a bad anime. The story is a prequel to the first Lost Planet and follows the original colonists sent to explore E.D.N. III.The gameplay is nothing special at all. Just another run-of-the-mill third person shooter in a sort-of open environment. You fight enemies, earn money, upgrade your weapons and your RIG, which is your giant mining mech you use to traverse the hazardous landscapes of the planet. There are some sidequests to earn a little extra cash, and the game itself is a decent length at about 15 to 20 hours depending on how much you want to explore. The graphics are decent, and some of the outdoor environments are gorgeous, but some of the character models are rather bland and the animations can be spotty.The story manages to stay very interesting throughout, and unlike it's predecessors, makes sense. There are a few jumps in the plot here and there, and the game ends with a few questions still unanswered, but the result is still satisfying. What makes Lost Planet 3 great is it's main character, Jim Peyton.Jim Peyton is a simple man who takes a mining job on E.D.N. III to support his family. Jim isn't special in any way, has no mysterious past, or any special skills or attributes, he is just a guy who travels halfway across the galaxy out of love for his wife and son. Throughout the game, Jim receives audio and video transmissions from his wife, and he sends some of his own in return. The two are just so damn adorable to watch and every message between them just makes their characters that much stronger and more interesting. His love and devotion gives him the drive to survive and keeps him smiling and helping those around him. Jim is not a battle hardened warrior or brooding anti-hero, he is a human being like you and me. You want Jim to succeed. You want Jim to see his family. You can't help but get engrossed in his journey from the very beginning and pray for a happy ending for the two.The gameplay may be standard, but the story of Jim Peyton is a damn good one. In my opinion, he ranks up with some of the best video game protagonists like John Marston and Nathan Drake. Lost Planet 3 came and went with minimal fanfare, which is sad. Because under a by-the-numbers shooter lies a fantastic, character-driven story that 90% of games fail to achieve."
76561198038437914,Recommended,226720,4518578,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Tjebsz,nice game and cool multiplayer
76561197971366006,Recommended,226720,15243941,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,iandelor,"Despite all the negative reviews, I found Lost Planet 3 to be a fairly enjoyable game. I tried playing it on hard to start, but the battles against armored Akrid got to be too trudging, so I lowered it to easy and really got into the story.Like most Capcom games, it is lacking as a PC port, since it keeps the sorry autosave of consoles instead of a save-when-you-want and quicksave feature like a real PC game. The keyboard and mouse controls were serviceable (though the incorrect prompt for turning the claw took some research to overcome - Press F, not WASD). There were a few too many quick-time-events, like in the Resident Evil games, which made my forearms ache (I can only press F so fast, people!).The game looks great, and plays pretty good. It was a bit different than Lost Planet: Extreme Condition, but I didn't think that game was the best ever, so a little change was fine by me.  The boss battles were challenging and maybe a bit too picky about how, exactly, you did what the game wanted. The overall experience was positive, though, and a fine addition to the Lost Planet story. It makes me even more interested in playing Lost Planet 2, which I've been waiting for a super cheap sale on."
76561198346853078,Recommended,226720,28997947,Posted: 3 January,all,hussain.usama,"I enjoyed the campaign, it felt immersive. Graphics good, Story good."
76561198165614673,Recommended,226720,28815214,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ericbudiman,"Not as good as Lost Planet Extreme Condition, but the story is great, and still enjoy the gameplay"
76561198052460510,Recommended,226720,12628495,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,tup94,Fun story. Nice little distraction.
76561198085851173,Recommended,226720,33105632,Posted: 1 July,all,Cybercryx,"Singleplayer:A great game. I love how some of the key elements from the second game are kept and also plenty new ones came in, but I also miss some, like the harmoniser from the second game. The story is damn good, also how the story telling is set up. The voice acting is surprisingly good, the cutscenes look great. Graphics are fantastic and the atmosphere in this game is so good for the setup of an ice planet. One problem is there to be said: the key bindings are really bad, but thankfully you can change them.For people, that played the second game, it'll definitely be a change from all the group fights against akrids, as you're going through on yourself. But it's a pleasing change none the less. I can only recommend giving this game a try.Multiplayer:(Haven't tried it yet)"
76561198053232801,Recommended,226720,10964738,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Random,"I think this game is great.  I did not play the first two games in the series, and so I don't care if it is a departure from the others.  It is a great story driven game.  If you ever wanted to play a bearded Bruce Willis with a Mal Reynolds inspired character around the set of Hoth in a Battletech movie.... well than this might be the right game for you.  This is heavy on the story so don't expect a massive free range sandbox rpg.  There are small levels, great writing and a compelling story, and a lot of atmosphere."
76561197970361683,Recommended,226720,15329150,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,YeahRightSureIAm,"When it comes to reviews, I favour those that get to the relevant points as quickly and briefly as is reasonable, I will therefore attempt to do so myself.Visually, I think the game's exteriors are wonderful, it really does convey an extremely cold, foreboding landscape. The interiors are also very good but not quite as convincing.I find driving around in the rig/mech cumbersome and therefore tiresome, with the relatively late introduction of a quick travel mechanism not helping to ameliorate this.The controls felt a little unpolished, two examples: an on-screen prompt to use the 'WASD' keys to turn a valve with the mech's claw was inaccurate, you needed to press 'F'; when using the mech's grappling hook to access ledges occasionally you had to be very carefully positioned, other times the positioning was less critical.The overall plot line was good, not too complicated but gave the game meaning, though there were a few minor oddities which I will not go in to for fear or spoiling it.Perhaps it is just me but I find the classic boss battle rather tiresome in an “oh look, this area looks just like the sort of place we could have a boss battle, oh what a surprise it is a boss battle, I guess I'll have to spend the next half an hour working out exactly how to defeat it,” kind of way, and this pretty much that tiresome old formula which added little to the game.Overall, I liked it, but the slow game movement mechanic and control issues detracted from this, making some parts of the game a chore rather than a pleasure."
,Not Recommended,226720,20171491,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,If I Were A Tree,"This game made me think I might be playing a Lost Planet game, but then I played it..."
,Recommended,226720,14658282,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Butcher of Bakersfield,"First, this game isn't nearly as bad as the critics would have you believe. The shooting is very competent and the structure of the game, while not unique, is pretty cool. It basically feels structure-wise at least, like the first Arkham game. An open world that opens up more as you gain new equipment and upgrades, more or less Metroid style. I love the aspect of being a miner essentially in a giant mech, setting forth into undiscovered and dangerous territory on a frozen desolate planet. This scenario lends itself to a great atmosphere.Secondly, This game is literally nothing like the previous 2 entries, unfortunately. Lost Planet 2 is probably the most unappreciated game of all time, and is easily one of the best co-op experiences ever. So, obviously fans of the series will be turned off by Lost Planet 3 at least initially.While not much of a Lost Planet game mechanically, LP3 stands on its own as worthwhile experience in my opinion. The music from Jack Wall (Mass Effect 3) is outstanding and haunting. The core gameplay is good enough to not get repetive or frustrating in the some odd- 15 hour playtime. Taking out big monsters on an ice planet will always be rad, so its got that going for it. The story is actually really good, which is a first for the series, and it basically tells the story of how EDN III came to be the way we find it in Lost Planet and Lost Planet 2.All that said, Lost Planet has gotten a bum wrap by critics in its last two entries. There is plenty here to enjoy, and if you like scifi or third person shooters, you will be suprised by how much you enjoy this game. I know I was. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,226720,28244065,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,WHAM,"This game is now officially my ""biggest positive surprise of 2016"" (and yes, I know it's older than that, but that's when I played it, so gimme a break!)Premise: I freakin' loved Lost Planet 2 for it's co-op gameplay and silly, wacky action nonsense. It was the best sort of japanese couch co-op gameplay I can imagine. Thus, when I heard that LP3 was single player only, I was really, really sceptical of the game and put off playing it for a long time.I was wrong to do so.While LP3 does not tickle the same nerves as LP2 did, it's a damn fine game! The story, full of interesting and well written characters, with a diverse cast of high quality voice actors that can really drive home the mentality of each person, was surprisingly well in line with that of the past games. Heck, a couple of times I found myself really sympathizing with some of the characters, which is rare for me.As for the gameplay, LP3 is a three-prong affair. You have small segments of just walking around, listening to people, upgrading yourself (though many upgrades felt like fairly pointless fluff to be honest, sort of tacked on to check some boxes, but it's not really off-putting). Then there's the parts, about half of the game, where you run about, gunning down Akrid (the insectoid enemies of the game) and uncovering the rest of the game's story.Then there's the RIG, your very own mech that you get to stomp around in. It's clunky, it's slow, but it's got personality to it. You get to listen to some surprisingly fitting tunes, get a new perspective on your surroundings and the walker even acts as a sort of base of operations when fighting enemies, providing you with your minimap and other info.However, this mechanic, like a few others (such as the upgrading) isn't really used all that much in the actual gameplay, for which I have to dock some points. Another thing I have to dock points for is the simplicity of most of the combat. The enemy patters are quickly learned and once this is done, many of the fights that are intended to be difficult turn into grenade-spamming, dodge-rolling repetition. Fortunately this also means you can breeze through most fights quite quickly once this stage sets in.Visually speaking the game is a bog stanrad Unreal 3 -affair with some uncommonly good face capture in it. It's pretty, and the visual style of the game is cool for the most part. Especially the RIG is a damn cool machine, and I have to also give a few bonus points for keeping the style well in line with the past games as well!In the end, with a solid story, gorgeous vistas, and mostly entertaining gameplay, I found myself positively surprised and actually quite hooked on LP3. With that, I give it a warm recommendation and a thumbs up.Playtime: 10+ hours (single playthrough)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 8Audio: 9Story: 8Gameplay: 7Overall: 9"
76561197970986473,Recommended,226720,12229463,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Moula,Haven't played lost planet 1 or 2 however this game is not too bad. Sometimes the port from PS3/XBOX is visable but you can forgive it - maybe! Worth a purchase if on sale.
76561198037253037,Not Recommended,226720,17089332,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,DocGangrena,"I completed game few moments ago before writing this review... Some spoilers will be in this review.I HAVE TO SAY I REALLY ENJOYed PLAYING THIS GAME,no matter i gave negative review.Story is very interesting,excellent optimization(my 5 years old pc can run game on high settings),beautiful world,interesting missions,battles in rig are interesting....and it's reavealed that there will be LostPlanet4 with Jim Peyton's granddaugther as main character... and that's pretty much all positive things i can say about game....Unlike most of serials where sons of daugters are replacing their fathers or mothers,we have granddaughter here! And in my opinion,this is one of most interesting and unique things about this game...Now to bad parts...-Controls are extremly bad. Let's take riding a rig for example. Does really E have to be used for getting in or out of rig instead of using it in battle? Assuming you use WASD for moving, E and Q should be used for most important things that you need most of time.-User interface is also extremly bad. Especially map and logs you collect.-You can fast travel in open world of lost planet 3(which is small,but reasonable for this type of game and it isn't problem),but.... you can only fast travel when you approach new sector of map,which is extremly ridicilous...I did not expect to fast travel while you're in hidden building,but while you're on road...-NO SMALL RIGS !!! In Lost Planet 2,you had small rigs that you could use in battle. NEVEC is also major part in LostPlanet3,i don't see reason why developers didn't put some small rigs too in game instead of only gigantic one...-Lack of Akrid species ! If i remember well,in lost planet 2 there was at least 10 different Akrid Bosses(bosses,not lesser akrid creatures). In lost Planet 3,all together there are cca 13 different Akrid creatures(Bosses+lesser Akrids)... Some bosses you have to fight multiple times during campaign,so basicly... There is only 1 unique boss(Big Red Worm)... That's very pathetic... Most of game you will spent fighting sepia and armored sepia akrids...-SNIPING... Using snipers is very hard to use,kinda broken...Not in way that it's made to feel like real life,it's broken is way that developers made mistake... Who played game,they will know what im saying...-END OF GAME... LostPlanet serial is known worldwide by figting Huge Akrid... At the end of game,you fight enemy rig,not Akrid(althought,there was huge chance to put final unique boss)-Storyline have some tiny flaws... What was Jim Peyton and her granddaugter doing in cave when he got crushed by rocks. What happened with Jim's son(s) or daugter(s),what happened with his wife? This might be fixed in LostPlanet4 althought...-There are some small FPS drops and short freezes during one part of storyline,but nothing scarry...-Your ammo count and the rest of your HUD disappear when you get too far from rig,what is extremly stupid since you have small computer on your hand(like pipboy from Fallouts)... For example,you can always see how many granades you have left on Jim's belt,but when you get to far from rig,HUD dissapear !-At the beggining of the game,people in base warning you about storms and how dangerous it can be.In my 19 hours of gameplay,during all free roams,i did not have any problem with storms,except those during main storyline quests...Pitty.This game had huge potentional,but obviously developers made awful job.If anyone will read my review,don't bother yourselfs with those who say world is small(and i see most of those who gave negative review they complain about that),world is just big as it's supposed to be.I simply can't give positive review to this game,to much flaws or missing things...However,i deffinitly would reccomend you to buy this game... WHILE IT'S ON SALE!!! Paying 25€ for this is deffinitly not worth...If LostPlanet 2 was 9.5/10... LostPlanet3 is 5/10..."
76561198034975751,Recommended,226720,15253959,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Tazkid,I dont know why everyone complains about this game. I havent even played the first 2 games. So I guess I dont know what makes this game different. All I know is I loved every second of this game. Is has great gamplay and a very good story. People need to quit comparing and judge the game for what it is and I would HIghly recomend this game. And I t makes me want to play the other 2 because this game has made me a fan of LOST PLANET.
76561198028650441,Recommended,226720,14305122,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,NoGravitas,One of the best single-player experiences I've had recently.
76561197991516822,Recommended,226720,14537308,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Diligent Diamond,Great game!
76561198084491496,Recommended,226720,14536119,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Saiche,"This game's campaign was quite fun but different from the other games in the franchise. The only problem is that the multiplayer, compared the other games, is complete garbage."
76561197982529859,Recommended,226720,15145355,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,BobbleHeadTurtle,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDFirst off, let me start by saying for a game, it is VEERY cinematic. The subtle movements and things are very well done when characters are talking or moving.The gameplay itself is very fluid, and very enjoyable. It definitely lives up to the series name.As for the complaints about the game having a lot of walking, even though there was a lot of it, It was still rather enjoyable considering they put in somethings to entertain you; and don't be concerned, they eventually implement fast travel."
,Recommended,226720,13829016,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Linkage,"Great game, highly recommended if you played the series. The gameplay is smooth, but at times a little buggy.Still the game keeps you intrested with the campaign. The campaign shows us how the two factions first started on EDN which was great IMO. Always wondered... Anyhow one of the best campaigns ive played in awhile.cheers"
,Not Recommended,226720,28400691,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ap0c4lypt1c4L,"There is some good art direction and the voice acting isn't terrible; but overall, this game was tedious and felt like a chore to complete."
,Recommended,226720,11341578,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Sire Mugicha,Warhammer 40000 Imperial Guard Titan Simulator 2013
,Recommended,226720,33442542,Posted: 10 July,all,MrKlark,"I like it so far, the acting is great, the atmosphere is great... Nothing comparable to this experience!EDIT: Now that I have played through the campaign, a story full of plot twists and very good character & voice acting, I WANT TO PLAY THE OTHER 2 PARTS!!!"
76561198086188987,Recommended,226720,7098532,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,crashoveridez,"8  OUT OF 10 STARS !!!! A MUST TRY FOR ANY GAMER ENJOYS RPG, SCI - FI 1ST & 3RD PERSON SHOOTERS"
,Recommended,226720,9024414,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,hotmeco,"Very good game, story driven, nice characters, good graphics and voice acting. As a prequel helps to understand the storyline. I think it's better then the other two, although combat is more repetitive."
76561198012302126,Recommended,226720,10769782,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Lawliet314,"7.9/10In my opinion this game is pretty good. Haven't played much but the story seems intriguing. Although, this game has changed throughout the Lost Planet series. Lost Planet had a main story line whereas Lost Planet 2 did not. I found Lost Planet 2 to be different as it gave me the impression of being a hunter in a partial open world where you can grapple hook onto anything and run around shooting aimlessly. I would say Lost Planet 2 is my favorite because of the freedom to explore and the ability to customize your character and weapons but Lost Planet 3 has changed into a generic third person shooter. Those who have not played the Lost Planet series I recommend that you try this. Those of you who are fans of the old Lost Planet series may be disappointed."
,Recommended,226720,11320756,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Deepo,I loved it. Very different that the other 2 Lost Planet games. Can be played just fine without having played the previous ones.
,Recommended,226720,11249266,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Some_Dude,"Its a great game and i enjoyed where they went with it, the second one was all over the place (hard to get ahold of the story on the first play through) and was all abit too easy. this one is more story driven with some free roam aspects to it. With more of a horror game feel than just another fps was a great touch.HOWEVERI played like 4-5 hours of it (time flew by) After getting to the refugee camp, where you meet Maya? for the first time and collecting the medicine. Doing all the side missions along the way and DNA tagging, Looting and upgrading as i OCD (Obsessive completion disorder) 100% my games and come today its all gone except the movie scenes. Developers should test these things properly and not leave it to the consumer to sort out -__-"
76561197993326784,Not Recommended,226720,11667114,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Kenadian,Irritating controls that you cannot simply or freely rebind. ♥♥♥♥ing joke.
76561198072508706,Not Recommended,226720,10855755,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ghostofChrist,"Ill be the one to say it: the graphics are bad. Alot of the background is useless filler rather than actually adding to the scenery, the skin and hair look pasted on, the animations are terrible, especially in cutscenes, the devs add smoke and fog EVERYWHERE which can make seeing enemies very difficult at times. Moving on from graphics, as others have said, playing this game is rail like, and more like an interactive movie than an actual game. Every action is repetive and forced. You want to go explore over here? Well, too bad. Your tied to the main path of the story pretty much. This is my first game of the lost planet and this has been a huge let down."
76561198035848509,Recommended,226720,14668985,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,justin.d.lammers,"The game is really awsome, truely, but it does have some issues.First of all when stuck in tight situations, like being tackled by large doglike alien or hanging from ledge, and prompted to mash ""F"" it is far to difficult. The amount and speed at which you have to mash at could be reduced but is OK. The bigger problem is that it seems like the character gets ""Tired"". Button mashing loses effectiveness and the progress circle declines no matter how you try. The first time I got tackled it took me at least 6 trys to get free and at least 12 times for the 2nd and 3rd times. I learned to dodge at this point. I am currently stuck on the top of a mountain trying to get past a ledge that breaks and I have to botton mash to get up. I have given this 5 or 6 trys already but I'm getting tired of having to fight the same 2 second level alien dogs over and over again to do it.The next issue is that I can't reload. It was actually working in the begining after the crash but after I got to the base and started my first mission it stopped working. The auto reload when the gun was empty works fine, but not the the manual reload.The next issue took some time to figure out. When prompted to turn something with the claw on your rig you are instructed to hit W/A/S/D to make it turn but it's actually F. On top of this, none of this is in the controls tab so it just made it more frustrating. I literally figured this out by trying random buttons out of despiration.Please fix this game, I really want to play more. Please and thank you"
76561198069610591,Not Recommended,226720,32955189,Posted: 28 June,all,DragonTemplar4,"Mostly my experience playing was on the PS3So Lost Planet 3 is basically a prequel to Extreme Condition, Basically NEVEC's second attempt on Colonizing the planet after the Discovery of the Akrid.I liked the idea of having an Open World Lost Planet, Here it was poorly Executed I haven't seen this many loading screens since Skyrim, This PC version is also riddled with bugs (Pun Intended) and Capcom hasn't fixed them ... like at all ...If they ever come back to the Franchise it'll be a Reboot and not a direct sequel to say Lost Planet 2 and what EDN III would be like after the death of the Over-G"
76561198039494030,Not Recommended,226720,25219037,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Fire.al,"A very generic third person shooter, with extremely predicatable (and forgettable) plot and characters. Interesting setting and scenery, it got a few inspired missions (the first colony ones) that manage to capture pretty well the ""dead space"" atmosphere but for the rest it's quite dull. The level desing is extremely linear, i guess they really wanted to make sure the player couldn't get confused or lost, all the boss fights can be summarized in ""shoot the glowing parts"".In the end the game isn't terrible, but it also lack anything thay would made it worth your time.PS: those reviews that claim it had good plot/characters are completely wrong, the plot makes little to no sense, and it's little more than an excuse for the protagonist to ""save the day"" an avarage of 3 times a day, the characters are so predictable you can say what their ""arch"" will be after their second line."
76561198059862716,Recommended,226720,14561399,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,FireStorm Victory,"You must get this game. Ture it may not be like the rest of the Lost Planet Series but its story seems importent to help uncover the reason why the series happened in the first place. It's graphics are Fantastic and do not required high-end graphic cards to reach full quaility . Pls get this game, the story is more interesting and consistant then the rest of Lost Planet. you get a Really Giant Rig, A few old weapons (your a contractor, not a snow pirate) and couple of upgrades that you get from doing sidequest to keep you busy. I understand the hate that this game recives but its on sale now. it may not be your cup of tea, but at least give it a shot.Ps. you get to play your own list of music from your library, so either your a rock man or pop man or women, this game will let you listen to it!"
,Recommended,226720,14638688,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Mazrogal,Have to say  i really enjoyed this game even though ive never played any of the other Lost Planet games. I bought this game a long time ago on sale and i belive its been on sale many times this game surprised me because i found it exciting and really enjoyed the mech walker vehicle that you use to get to new areas and some akrid boss fights  and hell even against humans! The story is quite ok cinematics was awesome the only part that annoyed was no save options you had to rely on auto save and move between a level in order to save. Otherwise i recommend this game the singelplayer was awesome havent tried the multiplayer but i give the game a 7/10 and if you dont wanna buy it full price its regulary on sale.
,Recommended,226720,14520180,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,naomha,"LP3 is a solid game. While it may have strayed from what made 1 and 2 so much fun this game still holds its own.  Very cinematic and riding around on the big rig never gets old. While there are some iffy gameplay elements added to the game, fighting in your rig and upgrading is a lot of fun. There's a lot to explore and hidden goodies to find. Some people may not appreciate it because it did stray so far from the stories told in 1 and 2. However, if you take the game on its own and weigh it accordingly I think you'll be pleased. It's good fun."
76561198033659256,Not Recommended,226720,28642876,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,RawrKitty,No multiplayer coop? Game is still fun but it definitely is lack luster and earning a negative review from me. Why the ♥♥♥♥ did you get rid of multiplayer coop? ♥♥♥♥ you.
76561198110799364,Recommended,226720,34686016,Posted: 2 September,all,Blu Phish,"Why does this game advertise multiplayer so heavy. This game is good, and should have more positive reviews. People care about multiplayer so much they say its a♥♥♥♥♥♥game if not many people play the multiplayer. I bought the game because of the single player, and you know what? The single player is great! Great story, some bugs here and there but its alright. Maby they should focus more on story then multiplayer. I hope lost planet 4 is coming."
76561198006967152,Recommended,226720,15883694,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Überguy,"Fantastic atmosphere unlike any other game (I'm a winter person) But the levels are both recycled and repetitive, the music could be better as it tries to force a spooked attitude on you when it's not really scary at all.Controlling the mech is HELLA FUN!"
,Not Recommended,226720,31386056,Posted: 26 April,all,The Knight of The Abyss,"you play the first game, then the second, then you play this one, this game was fun when I played it on xbox 360, but the problem with it is that the other 2 were way better than this one, this one is way to tight as in the areas you move through are more like going through a tin can, while the first and second were more wide open and free roam like, the only thing that is more open in this game is the boss battles and thats it, but I wish they would have used the same concept in the second one and built it on the third one, but I guess we cant change what is."
76561198014723067,Not Recommended,226720,9052477,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,OH ITS MEGACRUNCH!,"So much missed potential, I don't know what they were thinking, but Spark took everything that made Lost Planet unique and turned it into a generic third person shooter.For starters, the grappling hook: unlike before where you could use the grappling hook whenever you wanted, on the enviornment, on enemies, even on giant akrid to pull yourself close for maximum damage. Now it's just an incredibly context sensitive method of crossing vertical gaps. And it's only used like 12 times in the game, which doesnt sound bad, but thats 12 times over 5-6 hours.Enemy variety is very poor too, Lost planet 2 had over 30 different akrid species, with a new boss at the end of every chapter, if not multiple bosses. Lost planet 3 on the other hand only has 8 species, and 4 bosses (3 of which are reused twice).Weapons: Again the variety was lacking, In LP2 there were over 60 different weapons (7 ARs, 7 short range, 7 long range, 7 heavy weapons, 20 VS weapons, 15 grenades), in LP3 you have 8, most of which are just your basic AR, shotty, sniper collection (the explosive crossbow was actually pretty neat though, so that's something).I was excited when I saw that LP3 would have visual upgrades for your guns. It sounded good, but if you're going to have just one paltry upgrade for each gun, then you may as well not bother.As for the Mech, upgrading armor is fine, but the combat upgrades make no sense. I'm sorry but ""Press T, and then again with timing"" doesn't tell me anything.Speaking of the Mech, despite the lack of mounted guns, the mech combat against giant akrid seemed like one of the most interesting parts of the game, but for some reason they tried to make you use it as little as possible. You only fight 4 giant akrid in the game, 3 of which you already fought once before on foot, and they're beaten with the exact same strategy (block attack, grab, drill weak point, every one of them). And the one time that they send you against a super giant akrid, it literally forces you out of the mech so you fight it on foot.The Story's fine, it's not great but it's better than Lost Planet 2, if only because previous stories were pretty basic and bland.Spark was given a niche IP which didn't sell well previously. Unfortunetly when they tried to make it more accessible and popular, they took out all the things that made the series cool and unique, and we end up with this bland generic product."
,Not Recommended,226720,8668833,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,~freedom~fries~,"I found myself teetering between recommending this one and not. I did play it all the way through, so it has some enjoyment element to it. My favorite part about it was the well drawn characters that stick to their parts well and the interesting dialogues the main character has with them and with videos he sends back and forth between him and his wife back on Earth. Visually the game was engaging and every landscape interesting in its own way.Maybe Capcom should consider making movies instead of games because after the beauty of the maps and characters the ""game"" elements desentigrate from there. It attempts to be unique at times, but isn't. It attempts to be scary at times, but isn't. Basically, it achieves moreorless nothing new or very innovative, except for maybe the ice planet itself. Even the ice planet appears to be large, but is dissappointingly tiny (or rather the parts you get to explore). A confusing mapping system (or perhaps simply bugs in the game) gave me half a dozen side missions or so that I never did because I couldn't find them or the reward was just not really needed... if you just play through the game you'll unlock pretty much everything you need in the realm of upgrades.In summary, I did enjoy it and you may too, but I can't recommend it because of how much the negatives outweighed the positives. I felt I had finished a game that had huge potential, but either due to budget or just exaustion on the project the thing was ended before it should have been."
,Not Recommended,226720,15972929,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,RoritosLocos,Dissapointment
76561198061166315,Not Recommended,226720,28643692,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TotalWurzel,"Yeah, this may have only cost me £5 in a sale, but my time is worth more.  Yet again we have a developer whose personnel think they should be working on Game of Thrones or a Hollywood blockbuster.  Nope, you're supposed to be making a game so ♥♥♥♥ing make one.From the never ending tedium of QTE and perma-locked camera for a more 'cinematic' experience - hey ♥♥♥♥tards if I wanted cinematic I'd go to the cinema - to a never ending stream of♥♥♥♥♥♥about face boss fights.  This game is everything that is wrong with modern gaming - and the worst part about it, in a decent developer's hands it could have been a fun game with an intersting narrative, instead it's tired, it's repetitive and it is NOT REMOCEMMENDED"
,Not Recommended,226720,11428638,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Commander Hairgel,"nothing like the second. lack luster weapons, poor charachter development, slow pogression. to much button mashing. awful multiplayer one of the worst games i have bought"
76561198030595884,Recommended,226720,10799645,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Prime_Zero,"Anther Lost Planet game!And I have to say I was shocked we even got a 2nd let alone a 3rd, and having played all three id say I enjoyed them all.Out of all 3 games  this one has the best story for sure, its also a decently long game i suppose. Easy to play easy to handle, and those darn posts that are in all games are easier to use now just press and hold a button rather than tapping one 50 times. While there are no VS the mech you get in the game is pretty darn nice and has a fps hud.But in the long run I would say the first lost planet game is still my favorite, it seemed more like they glanced over the story for 1&2 when they made this. As well as leaving out some things that I loved and felt made this game different then all those other scifi shooters. Gone are the multiple breeds of Akrid we remember, as well as using the grapple hook as you please in combat and where ever. The awsome co-op system is gone leaving the replay of this game low to me, more so as the world is smaller than the past games, and yes this means you will be constantly back tracking alot.I guess in the long run I would suggest this game, but I would wait till its around 10 to 5 bucks on steam."
76561197995157516,Recommended,226720,8597244,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,davide.massa,"...I enjoyed it very much, it's a fantastic adventure, and a GREAT screenplay. Always entertening, always surprising, keeps up the pace through the whole story. And it's also very fluid even on 2y old machines (like mine).I faced it at hard diff, and it was quite the challenge, and it only gest on your nerves when you can't skip cinematics (seriously, guys? WTF!...). But it's really a ride, I wanted to see the end of it since minute one...Great stuff! THX CAPCOM...finally a good piece..."
,Recommended,226720,9566741,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Djkun,"Long story short, play this game for the story, and try not to compare it to it's predecessors.Comparing it to LP2, the gameplay sucks.  It feels clunky to roll around, you can only grapple on to limited edges or magnetic surfaces and sometimes its hard to tell how much damage you have taken and how close you are to death.The story is 100x better, and the only thing that kept me hooked.  It's truly an amazing story, and I believe it sets up the earlier games, giving an insight into the snow pirate perspective.Overall, 7.5/10"
76561198040857986,Not Recommended,226720,10859076,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kakashiyeah,After playing the glory that was LP1 and LP2 this game killed it for me. Mainly due to the fact of after playing LP2 in FULL GLOURIOUS CO-OP this had nothing in the way of that. So now I have shelled out the money for the game and don't even want to play it. Joy.....
76561197974792849,Recommended,226720,11444917,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Hotyr_,Great Game. Well worth playing.
,Not Recommended,226720,28814012,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,David0vić,"After playing and disliking the previous two games I was really not looking forward to this one and it also ended up being a pretty underwhelming game. I really enjoyed the first few hours but the more I played it the more I disliked it. By the halfway point I was starting to get sick of it because that is when i really started to feel the repetitive structure that the game has. It doesn’t help that the third person shooting is just as generic as the other two games and I wasn’t really invested in the story and characters. The game has a low budget feel to it, the animations are very weak and the guns feel and sound weak too and the game is very streamlined for western audiences, it feels very small scaled and safe. I don’t think the story and characters are as good as people say they are. The story is very average and it does it’s job and I thought the characters were all one note and dull. The mech combat is very basic, boring and restrictive, it just feels like a quick time event, wasted opportunity. This whole series overall should be skipped and forgotten which it pretty much is, nobody talks about this franchise and for good reason I feel.4/10 (Mediocre)"
,Recommended,226720,13707234,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,shreddedbullet,"Lost Planet has been a gaming franchise that I have loved for years. When I heard news about Lost Planet 3, I was completely looking forward to it. Though when it came out, it got mixed reviews, so I decided to wait for the price to drop before actually playing it, due to skepticism.Lost Planet 3, puts you in the shoes of Jim Peyton, as man who gets a job on EDN III to harvest T-Energy so he can support his family. Jim is a likable protagonist, and I actually really enjoyed the storyline of Lost Planet 3 a bit more than past entries in the game. They also did a pretty good job on the cutscenes and it is a step in the right direction for the series. While the acting wasn't perfect, it was still pretty good.The graphics in Lost Planet 3 are great, and it is what a Lost Planet game should look like. While they aren't the best out there, they are an improvement over it's predicessors.Now the important part of this review, is the gameplay. It's good, but different. It definately does not feel like a Lost Planet game, for better and for worse. The gunplay felt a bit smoother than past entries, but the aiming isn't great as it could be, and overall it kind of loses that signature Lost Planet feel. Some of the animations like rolling and reloading also seem a bit clunky, and with a few minor tweaks they could have been far better than what they are. The mech combat is also somewhat shallow, but isn't bad. The enemies are very simmilar to past Lost Planet enemies, and if you enjoyed fighting them in past entries you'll find that these guys will be what you are expecting from a Lost Planet game.Overall, I would have to say this entry is one step forward and one step back for the series. While the cinematics and graphics are great, the combat could use some work, but yet it does add some things that improved it. It's fun, but you should wait for it to come on sale, as it's difficult to reccomend at full price. If you are looking for an experience simmilar to past entries in the series, you won't find it here. Instead you'll find a fun Third Person Action Shooter game set in the Lost Planet universe. Hopefully, they'll take what they learned from branching out too far and use it to help make Lost Planet 4 better, and hopefully, more like Lost Planet 1 and 2."
76561198318618578,Not Recommended,226720,26057319,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Savage_Unleashed,"-disclaimer- First of all I did not complete this game, simply because when I bough this game I expected a more updated and badass version of what we had in lost planet 2, but instead what i got was a slow paced, boring hybrid of lost planet mixed with dead space. None of the over the top combat in lost planet 2 exists in this game and instead we get a slow moving train of feels about a protaganist missing his wife and child, now people are probably thinking                                         'er but you havent got to the good bit yet' and I agree, maybe I didnt give this game the chance it deserved, but after 7 hours of saying to my self 'maybe now it'll get good now' it just simply wasnt picking up and didnt deserve my time.Still a beautiful game though."
76561198036725520,Recommended,226720,10697105,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Arcbound,"I personally enjoyed playing as a Nostromo miner, while using my exosuit to destroy everything."
76561198041973613,Not Recommended,226720,10956998,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Communist NaviBeast,Reminds me of Rage...
,Not Recommended,226720,6838420,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Jaller,"Well, I'd it's a complete new story and also boring. The story seemed intresting after completing the whole campaign but the multiplayer wasn't fun at ALL. The fact that Spark Unlimited decided to not add any 4 Co-op Multiplayer on campaign seemed to sad to hear but that's not the thing that bothers me. Compared to LP2 and LP1 this is completely new, now I'm not going to say that LP3 has to be much more common like in LP2 and LP1 but this is a really new change. First of all, no VS...I mean yes, the RIG is pretty much VS but it's the ONLY ONE in Campaign, however there are some VS's in the Multiplayer game. The T-ENG (Thermal Energy) now in LP2 and LP1 you used T-eng to heal up, support people, use on VS and other stuff but in LP3 T-eng is pretty much the money on the game. Seriously, you buy weapons with T-eng...aren't you supposed to use it to survive the cold environment to survive against Akrids and other things? The Multiplayer, plain dull...when I was going to try it out it seemed very boring. There were lack of gamemods, the new gamemodes didn't seemed to be fun at all. One gamemod was when you're supposed to fight 3 waves of akrids until you start fighting players. Oh, and multiplayer uses Gamespy, now when I looked gamespy up the company have abandoned working on gamespy leaving it dead. However the community of Gamespy seemed to be alive. There are probably more things I need to mention about this game but i feel like I just wrote all down. So the result was: I did not enjoy LP3. I stopped playing the game after some weeks and i hope Capcom will still make updates and improve the game alot so I can maybe come back someday and give it a shot, but for now it looks plain boring. I'll go with LP2 for now...even though I don't play it much I'd say it's more fun that LP3. So to all you LP fans out there, don't buy this game...unless you want a complete new experience that isn't related to the other LP games much."
,Not Recommended,226720,8614680,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,BouseFeenux,"I felt I could go either way with this game.  The story was pretty good for a lost planet game, and the characters were likeable and really brought the game to life.On the other hand, the gameplay felt kinda like a slog. It got pretty tedious at times what with the recycled bosses (4 times? reallly?) and the fact that the guns seem super underpowered at times. It was also pretty decently long, took me about 20hrs I believe and I pretty much finished it because I started it.Honestly, It's not bad to kill a couple days with, but don't buy it at full price."
76561197993461522,Not Recommended,226720,8484441,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Nightbender,"Well, the main redeeming qualities of LP1 and LP2 were the mechs for me.  In LP3, they've made it mostly a means to travel from point to point, with some melee fighting abilities.  Most the big battles you end up doing on foot, with your standard load out of guns.  That wouldn't be so bad, but its all done in the arena, bigger and bigger creatures, shoot the glowing orange spots while dodging and running around like a mad.  Sorry, but the whole 'boss' fight style in FPS games needs to die.The music for the game is very well done, and a neat component with the rig blaring out the music from earth.  The graphics are very nice, and the vistas are sometimes breath taking.  The UI is well done, and the controls aren't too bad.  Some of their choices for what does what don't make alot of sense, since almost everything they could have tied to a simple 'use' key intead of making every different action type a different key.I won't be finishing the game.  Between the no real mech play, the boredom of repetive tasks and respawn, and the arena fights... I just can't do it."
,Not Recommended,226720,8637990,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,PYROMANT|C,"Lost Planet 3 is a game that had great aspirations but fell short of accomplishing them. I feel this is mostly due to the cramming in of too many other things that detracted from the main story line, leaving most of the features feeling decidedly middle of the road rather than being the polished gems they could be.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2014/01/10/lost-planet-3-edn-iii-isnt-the-paradise-its-name-suggests/"
,Recommended,226720,8160944,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Makuren,"I enjoyed this as a single player experience. The story was well done and the gameplay took a little getting used to. You can sink 10+ hours into this game easy. The multiplayer is another story entirely. I didn't enjoy the pvp aspect as much. This is a somewhat biased review because I always enjoyed the Lost Planet Universe. The game is not fot everyone, it can get confusing and a little slow sometimes."
,Recommended,226720,8452176,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Davy,"Lost Planet 3 is my biggest surprise this year, so far.I'm genuinely impressed with what has been done with this entry to the series, and hope that more is done to change it up and keep it fresh in the future. I didn't dislike the previous titles, but there seemed to be a lacking ""hook"" for me past beating the first one. It was probably the lack of immediately accessible co-op in the heavily co-op advertised sequel, but none of that has marred the excellent experience I'm having with this game.I'd highly recommend this game for anyone who's a fan of both Lost Planet and either Dead Space or Mass Effect."
76561198025148601,Recommended,226720,33829895,Posted: 27 July,all,2135D,"Lost planet 3 scratched my itch for an amazing story game with a mech. I enjoyed the enviromnemts, the homages to popular alien movies and games alike, and the simplified controls. You will need a controller though."
76561198056890692,Not Recommended,226720,19370741,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Nautilisk,- A buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥- Stupid game concepts- Graphics are terrible- Plays poorly- Boring- Can't even list all the things wrong with this gameDon't buy if you have respect for yourself as a consumer
76561198073075884,Not Recommended,226720,22115118,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Megshalo,Huge disappointment just get 1 or 2
,Not Recommended,226720,28642706,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bosque,"This game looks cool, but the controls are a nigtmarish puzzle box. I can't play it.I tried assigning the default WASD to ESDF and found that each input can accept only one key when uniquely assigned (even though defaults overlap multiple inputs to one key) and that even some of the Default keys I didn't overlap outright fail, like reload and the Pickup key P (Which is divided into three separate Pickup inputs! Weapon/Ammo/???)I'm literally in a slimy cave, dripping with alien goo, crawling and being attacked by exploding viscera in front of an ammo crate, failing to pickup ammo with my right hand off of my mouse using the default pickup key ""P"". thinking ""MAN! THESE CONTROLS ARE DISGUSTING""! And that's when I realized how badly controls can subtract from a gaming experience, and why I can't play this game."
76561198129584202,Recommended,226720,16846923,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Martyom,"I´m totaly speechless, because I have finished the game a few seconds ago and the story so awesome that I could cry. So if it´s on sale go and buy it."
76561198032342193,Recommended,226720,13331228,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Friendly Filipino,The story alone places this game in my top 10 games. You can actually feel the story with the emotions Jim has away from home.10/10
76561198023849770,Recommended,226720,12448685,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,killermio,fun game
,Not Recommended,226720,12252479,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Proud Blackman,its ♥♥♥♥ing boring
76561198086733245,Not Recommended,226720,24262068,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,mike,Help me kill myself i said every time i had to run to a destination if you can even call it runing
76561198002719731,Recommended,226720,2130389,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,iBäcken,"This new and Heavy IP have under this generation encountered heavy critics hammering, but this third instalment is far from ""bad"".I have now played the singelplayer for around 6 hours and can with confident say that this game is a fun and entertaining experiance. It is to some degree a very different third person experience as it contains a more ""open"" world than som of it´s counterparts. I personally didn´t enjoy the first Lost Planet due to bad misson design and the childish characters. In this third installment of Lost Planet, story, setting, progression and Characters is the main focus. In my opinoin that is what makes a good game, The gameplay is solid and soo is the overall feel of the game and that is what makes it good. Sure, this game is no masterpice and won´t set a ""new"" standard for games to come but thats fine in my opinion, the first two games didn´t reinvent the wheel either so whats to expect?So to sum things up. If you enjoy a good and solid Singelplayer experience with an atmosphere too suck up and lose yourself in for som hours then this is for you.7/10"
76561198056983600,Recommended,226720,6001509,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Kingsley,"This game is totally different to Lost Planet 2, it's more like Lost Planet all over again, but this time with stunning graphics with a new storyline. To me, it's good, I dunno what it is to you. The combat as changed though from LP2 in some ways for exmaple, you can't shoot back when another player has made a sucessful hit on you and the only way to recover was to evade, but there are some elements that I do miss in LP3 is the co-operative campaign, which in my opinion was spectacular in LP2 and was a bit disappointed that it wouldn't return in LP3, so I've might have not been in too much detail about LP3 due to spoilers or that I haven't completed the game just yet and my conclusions are lacking analysis but I see this game as more of an ""extended version of LP1"" rather than anything else. Alas, this is probably a new turn that the developers took and try to be unpredictable yet brilliant, all I can say is commiserations but I'm convinced of playing LP2 more than LP3 probably because it wasn't what I expected. Just saying. But at the moment, this games great, I love it, just fix a couple of things and it would be a pretty decent game and . I gotta say that Capcom has never let me down in the games they publish like Monster Hunter, Megaman, Resident Evil, Dead Rising and I loved Capcom for these games but.....in my opinion for LP3, I'd give it a 7/10. (Still <3 you, Capcom!)Give this game a try!And yeap, I'm ending on that conclusion. So sorry for taking up your valuable time for reading this on such a long winded reccomendation but IT'S FROM THE HEART, MAN! FROM THE <3!!!"
76561198011141289,Recommended,226720,9126019,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,meydrew,I love this game. If you like action/ adventure RPGs this is the game for you.
,Recommended,226720,9312295,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Zelpp,Good game but wait a sale to buy it..
,Recommended,226720,5215962,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,SNARFORIUS,"Easy and Familiar Gameplay, Multiplay is cool with unlockable rewards.single player has an intersting story and you also have the needed Free roam ability :)"
,Not Recommended,226720,7342157,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Big Bad Unit,"This is hard to say but somehow they did it. Capcom outsourced the LP series and it got made...well...Boring. Uninspired levels, Uninspired enemies with some kind of attempted...horror aspect thrown in? But the only horror I can recount is the fact all I have to listen to whilst trudging EDNIII is some of the most Starcraft-Esque Country knowable by man. I know I should finish it but I can see what's coming from a mile away. It's a paradoxal plot. Colonization failed so they're gonna kill the colonists coz the colonization failed. I...don't play it. Just....don't."
,Recommended,226720,550924,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Nexu21,A very very cool game
,Recommended,226720,9284660,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Solar,"This game has lots of story! If you don't like in game cut scenes then this game is not for you. Great gameplay, but not very much free roaming because you are bound to run into an invisible wall. Like I said lots of story as you play through the game."
,Recommended,226720,8632763,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Rekyua,"+Summary at End+This game is great, I almost feel bad I didn't get into it at the tutorial and almost skipped it.Lost Planet 3 is its own beast in the series and differs greatly from the others, its more character and story driven and got rid of the arcade style missions (no more end of level scoring) and adds sort of a hybrid open world as well.Note: No multiplayer review.The audio and visuals are very slick and for being an ice planet they keep everything looking great considering the limited palette choice. You can even add your own radio station, so to say, while using your rig (mech) however the times you can use the radio are limited and you'll often find it disabled while doing missions. Nothing blends either so you won't really have any problem finding what you need and they've included a breadcrumb system you can bring up if you're unsure where to go (which you do tend to use often mainly when going to a mission location) which is always nice to have and its use is optional during most points of the game.Gunplay is simple, turning is more fluid and it doesn't require buttons for moving 90 degrees at a time like its predecessors, but I do have one complaint, the default controller scene is terrible for keyboard and mouse. If I'm using the mouse to look and the AWDS keys to move WHY IS 'P' THE USE KEY! It doesn't make any sense, I just used a controller which made sense with its default scheme. They added cover to the game as well but on normal difficulty I only used it during the last stage so in most playthroughs its a forgettable mechanic. The AI isn't too compelling either but you can still die if you're careless.Actually, there really isn't a threat during the game but it doesn't keep things from being tense.You  don't have small mechs this time around, instead you have the first generation ""rigs"" which are big lumbering robots and for story reasons don't have weapons. So you'll be relying on melee combat while using your rig which is surprisingly satisfying. However, again you aren't really in danger most cases as even if your rig is... shut down? It will heal itself over time and you can usually be back in it at full health in little time.So, it's fun but bear in mind that if isn't the most challenging game you'll find.Which is fine, because the main event is the story, Jim Peyton is who you'll be playing and he's come to E.D.N. III as a freelance contractor, bringing his rig with him to replace a crew member they'd lost (also the only other rig member) and the game starts out with you doing routine work around the base before slowly finding that there's a larger picture to the expedition and secrets about its sponsor, NEVEC. I won't say much about it but I found the story enthralling and I had no regrets blowing through it during my weekend (doing side missions, but skipping some of the kill x amounts, clocked in at just over 17 hours total) was worth it and memorable. However, it isn't too long. I'd say without all the side missions I'd done it might take somewhere between 10-12 hours to finish but considering it's a third person shooter and not a RPG that's reasonably long for its genre.I do have some complaints though, about the story and game.I'll start with the game, as I said it's a hybrid open-world and this involves moving across the various areas in your rig. The problem with this is your rig is painfully slow. There is no running in the rig, walk is all you get. Eventually you do open up a fast travel but often they'll tell you to go to a place in an area that isn't marked on the ingame map, so unless you remember where something is fast travel won't help too often. There is also an issue with the weapon variety, theres a multitude of weapons to choose from but a majority of them fail to compare to weapons you can find hidden away in the game, even with the option to upgrade and purchase weapons they still don't hold a candle to what you can find. By the end of the game there were only two weapons I used primarily. You do have the option to not use them I suppose, but enemies are invulnerable unless you shoot their weakness, the other weapons are either slow to use, inaccurate, use too much ammo, and/or don't do enough damage. It's an illusion of choice I suppose.As for the story? It doesn't go deep enough, there are a few details in the story that I would have loved to have seen spread out further but often you'll just get a cliffnotes detail about a character or event, and things you might be wondering are left unanswered... which is a pity because its not exactly a short game either. It doesn't really seem to keep in line with what it is either, being a prequel and all. But after actually playing through the first Lost Planet they really couldn't have done anything but do a sort of reboot to the series for the sake of the story.The story issue of lack of depth in some cases applies to most of the game though, it does a lot but it doesn't do enough.Now the summary:Graphics - GreatSound - GoodGameplay - Average to Good, so FunStory - Too good, I wanted more but didn't get it!I definitely recommend the game, not just to followers of the series but those new to it, you'll enjoy your time if you like story centric games."
,Not Recommended,226720,8449609,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Vote Nixon,"No co-op multiplayer, just a rushed online multiplayer that is impossible to find a game with. Huge let down considering it's $25 even at 50% off. Huge let down."
,Not Recommended,226720,14846760,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,The Slumberjack,"Nicholas (Cage)*(Tom) Hanks is the protagonist.You cannot unsee this.While I don't think it should at all be called a sequel of the series, since it's so wildly different, it does share some similarities in name and in lore. It's an OK game, but it's a shootoff, not what one should consider an official installment.I can appreciate the work that the team put into developing it, and the boss-fights were at least well-thought-out. I had very low expectations going into it, but have since been pleasantly surprised.Do not go in expecting any similarities, other than superficial similarities to Lost Planet.The gunplay is mostly decent, the enemy design is decent, but the weapons are somewhat bland, and it has lost any sense of outlandish caricatures of robotic weaponry that the previous games had. It is a cover shooter and a robot beat-em-up with some additional collection features.The game does have its good points, though.-Attention to detail-Characters (other than the main character)-A sense of... coldness-Boss fights are engaging and well-designed for the team's level of development experience-Enemy design means you have to engage each one differently-RIG Combat is actually pretty fun (when you do fight against large Akrid)The bad parts, however, plunge the game into mediocrity-Pacing in combat sections isn't very-well thought out for some instances-The game feels like a cover shooter that borrows many elements from other games without making them its own-The upgrade system for the weapons is shallow and wasn't explored deeply enough by the development team-It's not really Lost Planet other than names and lore-Some of the weapons (esp. the Pulse Rifle) feel clunky.-Some explorational/collection mechanics aren't explained very wellI cannot recommend this game, however, due to how much of an offshoot it is from its predecessors, quirky and zany as they may have been. It's a completely different game and doesn't really come into its own. Plus, a lack of co-operative play is a big no-no since MP was DOA."
76561198032415486,Recommended,226720,14265114,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Hazukichan,"A strong narrative experience wrapped around solid and enjoyable action gameplay. Plausible, relatable characters with some genuine depth to them, along with a wide variety of enemies that challenge you to improve and adapt as you play. A smallish but well-chosen selection of weapons, larger if you consider the offensive potential of your giant mining robot... which you should, because not every game that lets you pilot a giant robot really makes you feel like you're in one -but this one does. It doesn't zip along on jet feet, sure, but that just makes it feel more real, more massive.Controls are quite functional, one issue exists where an incorrect on-screen instruction says ""Rotate W/S/A/D"" when it means ""rapidly tap F"", but a quick googling could have told you that much. To make it up to you, if you have an Xbox Controller for Windows, you can literally plug it in as you play, use it to do perform the gamepad versions of various tool interactions, then unplug it again to return to mouse aiming. Or you can use it all the time if you like, just saying.Graphics are perfectly fine, bordering on gorgeous. Depends how picky you are, I suppose, but I find it hard to imagine the type of person who would actually complain. This game has a lot to offer and should not be missed by anyone who enjoys mechs, shooting, narrative or combinations thereof. At its current price of €40, I would wait for a sale, but if you can catch it at a price that works for you, I say don't hesitate. The sound of your rig's soundtrack, echoing across a snow-swept canyon and up to your perch on a recently-grappled cliff, is waiting."
,Not Recommended,226720,34561280,Posted: 28 August,all,Ew|mp3,"Due to broken always online DRM, owners of this game cannot play through singleplayer anymore. Abandonware by its publisher."
,Recommended,226720,14741668,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,SirBert,"A few flaws I came across while playing:-Way to much QTE-A lot of foreshadowing,I could predict what was going to happen around every corner-Button layout was all over the placeBut i got past the little problems and the game was great! awesome cinematics.ending was great.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,226720,8409844,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Senguie,"This game plays different than LP 1 and LP 2. Its a prequel taking place a 150 years before LP 1. a lot of people hate it because it doesn't play like the other Lost Planets. I actually liked it, the hud is more clear and the gameplay more straight forward, there is not much variation in missions but that didn't botter me. The story line has its errors but for me personally it was gripping.Don't buy this for 40 bucks. I payed 10.If it's on sale buy it, espacially if you like giant robots."
76561197960675330,Recommended,226720,11954310,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,KingKaiser,"Wow this game is good. Its a mix of Dead Space, Lost Planet, with a hint of Avatar, Yes Avatar the Movie. But in order not to ruin it for you I will not say not say how.I do not recommend this is you liked Lost Planet 2 as this is nothing like the former games, as too which it was recommended to me and I abosolutely found the gameplay so boring, I started playing this game instead.I recommend this game is you found Lost Planet 2 to be boring, I get co-op is where it shines but I dont have any friends that play Lost Panet 2.In my opinion this game is very underrated, and buried just because its not like Lost Planet 2, Give it a chance if you like Sci-fi."
76561198059684481,Not Recommended,226720,13839386,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Dr. Spanko,Bought it to play co-op with my friends.There is no co-op to play with your friends.What the hell...
,Not Recommended,226720,13873702,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Pinetreeee,"I was excited to try this game out as I am a big fan of Dead Space and thought this hold simlar appeal, especially after having read through a few of the positive reviews here. Unfortunately for me, this game isn't well made. I found the voice acting to be pretty awful (although I'm used to it after playing so many Resident Evil games so that's not such a big deal) and beyond that the control scheme is terrible. Then there are the bugs. I got to a point where I was told to press A to turn a mech claw and it simply wouldn't work. I attempted to overcome the issue by switching to a keyboard/mouse setup, no dice. Nice bug to come to as I wasn't able to continue though the scripted sequence and was left to stare at the nonsense. While it should be obvious that I don't recommend this game, if you do still wish to buy it PLEASE don't pay full price. The least you can do is save yourself a shred of dignity by not bending over and paying full price ($50 at the moment) for such a flawed game."
76561198039934172,Not Recommended,226720,16572778,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dayrell,Why they take out the multplayer ? Was one of the best things in the game !
76561198024476916,Not Recommended,226720,14522698,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,IronBack,This game is garbage .. it looks nice but is closer to a Dead Space Clone (some enemys may have been straight from deadspace from how they attack ).it is not a sequel to lost Planet 2!...
76561198097257503,Recommended,226720,23795435,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Noracane,the graphics are greate and the story is intence. unique weapons can be found anywere and the side missions go deep into the making of the plot. side quests also make the main quests easyer. some quests are confusing or more difficult than others but i truely loved this game
76561198045042003,Not Recommended,226720,14524856,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,daxter00000,"Take all the fun parts of Lost planet 1 and 2, strip them out, and you'r left with lost planet 3. If you were a big fan of the first two this game will leave you severly disapointed. Not worth your time or money."
,Not Recommended,226720,21479697,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Himadman66,walking simulator 2016the combat is boring as all hell and the oh go here do this go there do that campaign is just boring do not buy if you are looking to play a half decent game
,Not Recommended,226720,17320211,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,curio124,"Nice graphics, nice atmosphere, perfect voice acting. But this game has 3 major problems:- the playing area is very tiny. there is 4-5 main areas you are returning to over and over again. You walk across one area in 30 seconds, so yeah - it's really tiny. No feeling of being on the huge planet.- boss fighting is repetetive and very boring. you have to shoot ""red"" area like 50 times to destroy it. Boss have 2-4 of those areas and when you are killed, you begin from the start (probably with unskipable cutscene). I kill the final boss on 10th try. It wasn't frustrating - it was just very very boring.- the whole world feels dead. Everybody is standing on the same position, nothing is going on outside (except some weather change) and the tinyness of the whole world feels like you are in some test area with few tunnels, caves and clifs.I known that this game doesn't have very good reviews, but I bought it nevertheless. I like the atmosphere of huge mech in caves on frozen planet. First 15-20 minutes fullfill this expectation, but then you realize the boundaries and the atmosphere is lost. It's a shame. The environment has good potential.If you are ""finisher"" as myself, you will enjoy the first hour. Than you will be just ""finishing the game"". If you are able to throw the game to the trash after first 1-2 hours, than you will enjoy this game (-:"
,Recommended,226720,13518245,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Caliarbor,I am Lost in this game!
76561198015887436,Recommended,226720,13540151,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Wriggly,fun
,Recommended,226720,24065738,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Xenomorph_816,good game
76561198184862070,Not Recommended,226720,22128383,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Solyaris,I coundnt finish to play the game. Repetitive and boring. The game had potencial but for god sake. You cant freely use the Robot (it is useless).
76561197961326179,Not Recommended,226720,21985626,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,606,at first the game was ok but when you go to use the claw turn secure the anchors it does not work by the controls stated.Therefore i will not recommend this game because your controls suck. TRIED AGAIN AND STILL NO LUCK CONTROLS TO MOVE CLAW SUCK.
76561198001251929,Recommended,226720,25348893,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,KasperKyd,"First of all, this one is way better than 1&2 but still boring.Most of the game is bluish environment, but what makes it better for me is a 3D Vision Mod.I will recommend this game because I bought it with -10$ otherwise I won't."
,Not Recommended,226720,17443465,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Robert J. Sullivan,"I guess this is the result when you give a sequel of a good japanese game with big robots fighting giant aliens and over the top action to western developpers : a boring cover based third person shooter. I'd give it credit for the setting but it's only there because there was two games before it. Can you please stop outsourcing your video games now, Capcom ?Oh and the grappling hook is contextual. You know, that little thing that used to be trademark of this series :^).Into the trash it goes."
,Recommended,226720,12323283,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Captain Solo | Tiny Pigs,"If this game did not carry the name of Lost Planet, it would have received countless GOTY votes. Don't let the dissapointed fans sway you. I thought this was actually the best of the entire series (LP1 being a badly controlled, confusing Japanese story, but very fun action game with interesting mechanics, LP2 being ... awful in every way). But even if you aren't a fan, I would reccomend this game. One of the best stories I've played in a very long time."
,Recommended,226720,24530886,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,a glitch made me unable to progress to fight the last boss.10/10
,Recommended,226720,11904214,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Munchkinpuncher,"This game seems to be extremely underrated, if you are a sci-fi fan the story is engrossing, and the voice acting is great, the gameplay is smooth, I usually play it on a gamepad but mouse/kb work fine as well.  I recommend buying it on sale.  Right now its totally worth $4.99 price.  Gameplay and graphics still hold up, the story and voice acting keep me coming back even now."
76561197970078168,Recommended,226720,378653,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,hermetico,"IF YOU LIKED LOST PLANET 1, YOU WILL PROBABLY LOVE THIS ONE ALSO BUT...We have again a good game powered by Unreal Engine and, that means HUGE structures, scenarios. Everything very realistic and impressive BUT... the Akrids (the monsters) look like exactly the same as with LP1 and, that's awfull.The introductory sequences are like to be watching a good sci-fi film and, it set your expectatives higher than the game delivers at the end.Excesive Keys, that could be resumed in way less keys (multi-functional, depending on context), make the actions more complex than needed.Reaction time between you press a key and the character does the action is a tad high and, this delay is a mess when fighting against some of the Akrids and, very specially when you are surrounded of lots of them.I cannot understand why a game that has been HIGHLY enhanced respect of scenarios and detailed graphics, leaved the combat system and character's movements quite well the same as in LP1.I mean, why the character has no possibility to jump over obstactles, why cannot crouch, why cannot reach other high spots but only those that the engine highlights?.Why the Akrids seem so out-of-dated compared with the rest of E.D.E.N. III world?.DON'T TAKE ME WRONG. IT'S A GREAT GAME BUT, IT COULD BE BETTER and, it's a pitty they didn't took this oportunity to do it.This game, with the free-movement of the character that we can enjoy in games as Splinter Cell, Prince of Persia and alike would be the bomb.Respect of LP1,  you can evolve (a tad) your equipment and, for this, you need to do missions rewarded with some ""credits"" that you could use to improve your weapons and Mecha. This pinch of RPG is very well wellcome.You are always accessing the ""mission maps"" with your Mecha, which is a very slow transporting way.Even that the unarmed Mecha is interesting during the few initial missions, I am really missing the fire power of those Mechas in LP1. Still playing so, I don't know by now if that will change.Anyway, difficulty is being increassed step by step and, new tasks to do are added in each mission and, new Akrids types are summing up after each one.NOT SO FRENETIC AS LP1, most of times but lot of fun, anyway."
,Recommended,226720,7379555,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Sir Assassin st.,มันโว้ย
76561198129235464,Not Recommended,226720,34405844,Posted: 21 August,all,That One Guy,"The story is so slow and boring, the weapons are boring, the one time multiplayer worked the host disconnected, the giant mech is useless and boring, and the game doesn't even know it's own controls."
,Recommended,226720,29524137,Posted: 27 January,all,Jeffrey White,Loved it . Was a great story . Played well. I sure hope Capcom makes another.
76561198018405880,Recommended,226720,15925481,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Gypc,My feet get cold playing this   its good and i love the chill of the game
76561198023823187,Recommended,226720,10866789,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Soulcrusher842,Great game for the single player. I wish the steam achievements would work for this :-)
,Recommended,226720,11103468,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,un1x3n,"I initially was drawn to this game as a Dead Space fan, I saw some similarities to the Dead Space Series, futuristic, space elements, third person, etc. I figured it was worth a buy. Please note, this is not Dead Space... but IT IS an excellent change of pace of the typical chain-release games living off a past name. An excellent story line and plenty of quests makes it easy to spend count-less hours looking for every little secret this game has to offer."
76561198006227763,Recommended,226720,2353731,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,I_love_MW,"Spark Unlimited в своем стиле. Сделать лучше, чем предыдущую игру - done.Lost Planet 3 - это не богомерзкая вторая часть, но и до хорошой игры далековато.Псевдо-открытый мир... в нем нечего делать.Дополнительные квесты... убей, установи, исследую. Стандарты MMO.Почти все локации - как одна большая ледяная пещера или плато.Потуги на Dead Space в заброшенных станциях - baby horror.Однообразные монстры. Слишком мало разновидностей, а оригинальных для третьей части - хм, может 2-3.Некоторые акриды прячуться за ящиками.. герой прячется за ящиками... и начинается тир. ВЫ СЕРЬЕЗНО?В первом Lost Planet были достаточно оригинальные боссы, здесь же - акрид-краб, акрид-скорпион, акрид-большой краб. Убьем краба еще с пяток раз. Брррр.Сюжета в игре процентов 30, остальное - будни ""шахтера"" на ледяной планете. Пробури, установи, почини, забери...Попытка оживить персонажей с помощью диалогов и роликов на отвлеченные темы и личностные переживания... с таким уровнем анимации и монологами - ох.Концовка шикарна, особенно, эпизод с женой г.г.Работать, работать и работать, Spark.. Тройбан."
,Recommended,226720,3029534,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Elisey,nice history!
,Recommended,226720,2733766,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Gothic Man,The characters and story make a great gaming experience. I loved the facial technology. The gameplay is really fun at times and all together it makes a cool game in such an interesting setting! 8/10
76561198022158085,Recommended,226720,7448243,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,[THM]Alpha Ghost,This Game is un real.
76561197965047429,Recommended,226720,9445042,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Showbiz,"I guess I need to preface this review by stating that I have not played the first two games in this series.  I've heard that this game is very different from its predecessors but that should not take away that this is a very fun game to play.  The environment is great, the characters are believable, and there's plenty of action, especially if you're into button mashing.   The game play itself feels the weakest, as if they didn't do a particularly good job of making this game keyboard/mouse friendly.   However, as long as you can let that go, this game is very enjoyable."
,Recommended,226720,10703732,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lin Kuei,"Whoa, just started playing but it's really cool - get it?. Really immersive,  nice ambience and sound effects! Looking forward to finish this one :D"
,Recommended,226720,10151453,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,TimmayTeabag,Great game very under rated :)
,Recommended,226720,9974780,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Ashguard,"Just finished Lost Planet 3. Finally.I figure I ought to do a mini-review for this.Gameplay: 3.5Graphics: 9.Musical Score: 6.Animations: 4Storyline: 9.5The game in itself is what you'd expect from the LP franchise. At least, it goes back to the foundations set down by LP 1, thankfully the whole affair didn't follow the lead of LP 2, and have the whole dang ""Single Player"" campaign be focused upon the Co-Op aspects, and ""Objectives"" for points. It's all focused on the story, not making your character look shiny, thankfully.The first thing you'd notice about this is the graphics. Even on the lowest settings, the landscape is breathtaking, the cutscenes are incredibly lifelike, and the effects around you are very exceptional. The small downside that took the graphics down from a 10 to a 9, is that for the most part, the maps are nothing but snow snow snow, and looking at the inside of your Rig. Alright. Might not be a graphical qualm as such, but the impact of having flawless graphics like that, and then generally restricting you to looking at machinery and snow...Well. It's not the full potential, but it's still pretty damn fine.Coming on from Graphics, Animations. I'm quite the mixed bag when it comes to these, to be fair. The animations from the actual gameplay side of this is fairly smooth. In the intense Rig-Combat parts, things get a little shaky. Animations will occasionally merge together, like you'll be swinging your arm at something, and it'll try and hit you back. It generates awkward situations where you hit them, they go backwards, and their arm'll go flying off backwards, but it'll then still hit you. There's times where the enemy will just lock up if certain animations try to occur at once, giving you a fairly simply time of firing them down. Had this on the last boss, and the animations bug there provided me with a fairly easy win, which was quite the let down.Alongside it, is the animations in the cutscenes. While some of the gestures the characters make in them seems perfectly fine and everything, there's quite a lot of gestures they do which seem to make no sense, and are incredibly robotic looking. They're nowhere near what I'd define as ""Fluid"", but more ""Wooden"". The Cinematics are a different story of course, but that's more in the region of CGI Graphics, than model animations.Gameplay. Now...The gameplay has been rated so poorly, because 7/10ths of the game is tramping around the map, either in your rig or running around the ""Hidden"" offshoot areas of the maps. To begin with, this is perfectly fine. You're wandering around. You're stomping the indigenous wildlife (The Akrid). You're drilling down stalactites of ice to carry on your path. It's all good. But after a fair few hours of doing nothing but tramping from one place to the next, it gets incredibly tedious. There's points where you're told to go from your base, all the way to another area, only to have them send you tramping back the way you came, to go somewhere else. And as you dot his, you've gotta hop out your Rig, walk over to the place you're supposed to go, or the person you're meant to talk to, and then you've gotta turn around after a small cutscene and walk alllll the way back again. That gets old. Fast.The on foot combat is the usual sort of thing you get from the LP series as well. Run about slowly, aim at the red ""Weak"" spots on the Akrid, rinse and repeat until all enemies are dead.Fighting in your Rig is a different ballgame though. And not the good kind, really. To say you're in a giant robotic suit, kitted out with a crushing claw arm, and drill hand to start off with...You'd expect the combat to be good. Or at least the fast paced sort of thing you're used to in the LP series, with Vital Suits zipping about all over the place and whatnot. Nope. You tramp about, until some big Akrid shows up. Then it essentially comes down to a series of Quick Time Events (QTEs). Get close. Hit Q when prompted. Click your mouse to grab the Akrid. Click the right mouse button to drill away at it. Rinse and repeat until they're dead. It's as dull as it sounds.The open world aspect of the game is a nice touch, when it comes to the diversity of the environments. But for the most part, the secondary objectives you receive feel utterly pointless, and really not worth their time suffering through the monotonous tramping, just for a few more points of T-Energy. This becomes quite excruciatingly clear towards the end of the game, where you get quite a large amount of side objectives to do...But all are completely unrewarding. They give you a few token things to do, like hunt rare albino akrid, to get ""Buffs"" to your character, like quicker reloading, HP regen, or an in-cover aiming reticule. But since you get them essentially two main storyline points before you get to the final stage, you're at that point where you just honestly can't be bothered spending an hour or even two, just tramping around to finish the objectives. Even the completionists out there might struggle to find the willpower to complete this to it's 100% state. What with the fast travelling system you get as well, you can just jump past those objectives without ever really feeling the pain of missing them.Now. Storyline in itself. Thankfully, this is where LP3 really shines. You can look past the extremely dull and monotonous gameplay. The wooden movements of the cutscenes. And the fact that despite it all, you essentially know how it turns out for Jim, the protagonist, right from the word go. What you don't know, is how he gets there.For fans of the LP1 storyline, you'll love the storyline in LP3. It provides all the lore you'd ever need about the origins of the Snow Pirates, and what NEVEC are after. It gives you a deeper understanding of the planet as well. All in all, it fills in quite a lot of those questions you might have had after playing LP1. But that's not what the story focuses on. It focuses on Jim. A contractor from Earth, looking to make some cash to keep his family running back home on Earth. He's a family man, and that's brilliantly brought to life through the messages his wife sends him from time to time, and the messages he sends back. The little banter, the humour thrown into it all. It generates a very real and deep character from Jim. (And the messages certainly do help relieve the monotony of tramping around the wastes.) The messages are heartwarming, and full of the sort of things you'd expect a message to contain to someone working a long way from home.But even the characters around you all have deep characteristics. They all seem quite real as well, rather than just broken archetypes thrown in for filler.And the story itself? There doesn't seem to be much of one when you begin the game. Heck, for the first half of the game, there's not a whole lot of ""Story"" going on. There's no goal. There's just Jim, working away to keep his wife and kid fed. The game does throw you a couple mysteries along the way, and it's evident there's something in the background. But everything still focuses on Jim carrying on with his life.But then the story abruptly starts, and from there, it's got you hooked in. You want to push through the dull gameplay, just to find out what happens next. Again and again, it just keeps you going, like a book you daren't put down. ""Just one more chapter. Just one more chapter."" That's how it goes, more or less. All I can say about it is, if you loved the Storyline from LP1, then the Story from LP3 will make it worth the hefty price tag.Overall, the game in itself, isn't worth the price of it. You'd have to invest a lot of time and energy into going through with all the terrible gameplay, to draw out the rewards of the story. I would recommend it, but only for those that are aware that the gameplay in itself is tedium encarnate.Overall score: 4.5"
,Recommended,226720,10962104,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Autointoxication,Great game.
,Recommended,226720,10813431,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Vigsley,"I really enjoyed my time with DEAD SPACE 4 starring Nick Cage via Titanfall.Good game, better story than the past 2 games"
,Recommended,226720,10956500,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nif,It was better than I expected
,Recommended,226720,2426962,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Demondan4587,I know some reviews have said this is an ok average game but i love it worth a look
76561198028184893,Recommended,226720,3856353,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,WiFi_nally,"a flat-out charming pulp sci-fi western adventure.  Dances with Wolves meets Firefly, with character designs ala Rage, movement ala Arkham City, boss fights ala Resident Evil.  Kickin country/rock soundtrack, uncynical storytelling, some actual characterization... I can't fault it, I love this game!"
,Recommended,226720,8517895,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ZERO,"Strangely immersive. A bit tedious at times but otherwise good characters, pretty fun and functional gameplay, giant robots and aliens!"
,Recommended,226720,9098288,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Miller,Good Game really Enjoyable with a good storyline
,Recommended,226720,8820442,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,TomaTuYucota,"Lost Planet 3 is an amazing game. I got it on sale for $14, but it is worth the full price. It's one of those games with a lot of heart were everything clicks... Except the combat.The art direction, voice acting, story, graphics (I really like the look of the Unreal Engine); it's all really well done and blends perfectly together. The combat is very slow and clunky compared to other 3rd person action games like Tomb Raider or Uncharted, but you get the hang of it half way through the game, and it gets way better from there with all the extra guns and toys you aquire. I even took the time to finish all the sidequests, although there aren't that many.If you've never played any of the other Lost Planet games, don't worry, the only thing they have in common is the setting, and unlike the others this one tells a very captivating (if slow to start) story. Definitely my favorite Lost Planet of all."
,Recommended,226720,8851906,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Stormydove,"Just got to playing this game and WOW, it's amazing! I have never played a lost planet game but this game is terriffic! The story is great the game is FREAKY as hell! Basically alone on this frozen planet wasteland out in your mech climbing a mountain while stuff is long since abandoned and there are monsters all over.I am 4 hours in, in one play (Cause I can't stop playing) and just loving it. The creeps it gives me are bone chilling. The sounds I recomend you turn up super loud so you can feel the wind and snow feezing your skin and the horrible noises of banging metal, or monster pods in caves giving you nightmares.Well made game with sooooo much back play. It's a game where once you unlock say a NEW version of a grappling hook you can see all the places you should go back to that you saw eariler in the game but now can get to. The point would be to get secrets, collect voice recording and more.I give this game a high recommendation."
,Recommended,226720,9159383,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,That Deceiver Kid,"After reconsidering giving this game another go ( I had a very frustratiing time with getting the game to not crash every time it loaded up ) I have finally been able to put my 25 dollars on this game to use. The graphics are stellar, the environment isn't very much like the other LPs but it is a welcome change for me. Mechs are fun, however I did enjoy the mech design from LP1 the most. Gunplay is easy to get used to, and much more makes this game a good buy! I've had my problems with this game to where I've spent a solid hour deleting, redownloading, verifying all the files that may or may not make it crash. I still have to play in windowed mode, which is not what I prefer but It's really not that big of a deal. I just started playing and I looked over at the clock and an hour and a half flew by in an instant. Personally, I think this game is worth the money. Get it on sale now though. Steam's Summer Sale has it at around 12 bucks so it's the best time right now! If you are reading this after, still spend the money on it! Fantastic game! PLEASE READ BELOW FOR CONS*NOTICE*:: In the beggining of my experience with this I had A LOT of problems with crashing. There were fixes online that helped and were detailed enough so someone that is not software gifted like myself could find it. I did run into crashing later in the game and there was no solution for it. It was on the first level but still. ALSO, my PC is not the best one ever. I have problems with it's stability. So, what I'm trying to say is that some problems may be on me. Research beyond Steam Reviews for the best opinion possible. REMEMBER!!! I have had problems with this port and still have problems! They are minor, like how I have to play in windowed mode, but otherwise, I see no reason not to buy this phenomenal game!"
,Recommended,226720,8457615,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,sellingfear,This game did have a great story. But the slow pace of moving from place to place made it not so enjoyable at times. In the end the story pulled me in enough to be excited of what might come next. Although its unlikely to see Lost Planet 4 due to lows sales numbers. I defiantly recommend this game when its on sale. if ya can pick it up for under $20 its worth a play.
,Recommended,226720,8584302,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,MAZAK,Much better then the reviews would lead you to believe. If you liked the first one this one is just as good.
76561198015083841,Recommended,226720,8835563,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Cypher,"So far I've logged about 8 hours and I'm loving it. The game looks beautiful, feels beautiful, and has from what I can tell a beautiful story. It's very different from the original Lost Planet, but the changes are welcome. My only nag is that your T-Energy is no longer your life source, its only a currency. The good side to that is you have a logical currency for the game that makes it possible to have an RPG-like feel for buying upgrades and such. The downside is that T-Energy decreasing over time while in the cold until you die and needing to keep track of how much you have and know how to get more was one of the unique mechanics about Lost Planet. Still, the more I play the more I forget about all that because the game tends to be good at keeping your attention and being super fun as it is."
,Recommended,226720,8911957,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,OtakuNate,"Stick with this sucker past the first few hours. Game has great dialogue, good soundtrack, and atmospheric enviroments. The rig combat kinda sucks but I still had fun and wanted to folllow through the story till the end."
,Recommended,226720,8963091,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Brad,"The game is ok, but It feels like it could have been much better if only they dumped the useless multiplayer and focused on the campaign. The graphics are awesome, story was engaging, and the characters are realistic. But the one point it failed on was the recycling of the map, you have to walk around the same place a dozen times almost every time you go on a mission.Overall I liked the game but It's probablly a game you will only play once."
76561197983050385,Recommended,226720,8987533,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,angelspire,"I would definately recommend this game to anyone who likes adventure-style quite linear FPSes with big robots, big guns and future-colonies-on-other-planets themes. Nice graphics, good gameplay, upgrade-it-all stuff, well, classics. Storyline is dumb as hell, but hey, it's an FPS, say thanks it has ANY storyline at all.P.S. BIG ROBOTS, hell yeah!"
76561197996155354,Recommended,226720,9066734,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,daboogieman1,"This is a fun FPS with a good story line .I just wish you could use the key board a little easier,I like to use the numpad,and the 6 keys next to it But what the game does is the words on the numpad are used taking away the 6 keys to the left of the numpad.Even though the game is still fun with lots of different animals to kill,and then it turns to fighting soldiers.Like I said a FUN game!!! But it could be more fun with a keyboard change!"
,Recommended,226720,9286542,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,General Tso's Chicken,"Beautiful. Compared to other games in the franchise, this has to be my favorite. Let me just say, smashing in big♥♥♥♥♥crabs heads with a claw is the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198032610009,Recommended,226720,9008769,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Dutch Joker,An excellent and engrossing strory based shooter. It'll get you invested in the character. I must have.....
,Recommended,226720,16813118,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Midnight,
76561198033910940,Not Recommended,226720,11811126,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Fallout Mage,"Not for those who enjoyed 1 and 2, but even then it still feels like a boring game. I played a couple hours and it felt like a generic adventure game to me. Although some people may enjoy this I can not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,226720,12355560,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Origo,"You're working as Jim from earth to E.D.N III to get money for his family down there.Why did i use the word working instread of playing ?because it is how it feels when you play the game you're not playing but working.As you can expect from a guy who has a RIG (giant mech) you'll ... dig big holes and protect it while it does... sounds great right ?So, yes, the gameplay is really meh, it's almost the same all the time you're going there, plant your rig or power something up and kill waves and waves of akrids then go back to mainbase, buy some upgrade, and so on.Then, why did i keep playing through the whole game ? because of the story : it takes place far before the first Lost Planet and it's really well written and even if it's not the biggest plot ever, it does the job nice enough to keep you in the game 'till the end (around 10 hours, depends if you're doing side quest that are as boring as the main gameplay).To sum up, it's hard to recommend it but it's also hard to say it's a bad game. Sure, the gameplay itself is pretty meh but was it on purpose to serve the story until the end to truly understand how it comes to all this ?maybe, maybe not, i'm not sure and even if it is, it's still kind of a weird choice.Anyway, pick at low price like i did if you want a great story and learn more about lost planet background otherwise do not pick this up."
,Not Recommended,226720,31441728,Posted: 29 April,all,Vice,This isn't a worthy sequel to the classic Lost Planet 2.
,Recommended,226720,14586653,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"This is one of my favorite games I have played over the last few years. It strays away from the magic that made LP1 and 2 so unique and instead goes for the more standard American-ized third person action style. But really what most people don't realize is that a large part of what made 1 and 2 so independent from other third person action shooters was simply their unique presentation style. They had a distinct Japanese action game presentation style. I think that this is still undoubtedly a LP game, and the only real thing I miss is that in this game it is just you and in the other games you could work with a squad. Not that that is a big loss or anything considering how ♥♥♥♥ing totally stupid your squad was in those games, especially LP2, but nonetheless it still makes this game feel more lonely. But that is the point with this one. You are supposed to feel lonely. You are one of the few people on the planet that you are on who are there to extract resources and study bugs. You work alone and you go out on missions alone with only your mech, some cockpit music, and occasional video messages you receive from your wife back home. Those are a nice touch because they are very well acted and voiced and you get the feeling that your guy is really homesick and that they miss each other dearly and he can't wait to get back to her. I would be homesick too if I was on another planet and a hot piece of tail like that was waiting for me back on earth. I would constantly need to be detained from trying to sneak into the escape pod room and blast back to earth d-ck first.The game's biggest problem for me was how short it is. It took me about 10 hours or less to beat it and it feels like less than that. I have more hours than that in it because over time I had to reinstall my OS a couple of times and the game only saves locally, meaning you might want to back up your save files with a program like Game Save Manager if you don't plan on playing through it quickly.The game engine performs flawlessly and the combat is some of the most satisfying AAA grade that I have seen in a long time. The game runs flawlessly smooth at 60fps which I am thankful for because most developers are too stupid to figure out how to program games to run smoothly and most games that come out nowadays run horribly or are just flat out horrible ports.The graphics are great. Everything looks good from enemies to character models, to effects and level/area design. The sounds are great, the weapons pretty standard but fun and satisfying to use and really pack a punch. I do really want another LP2 styled game, but I have to say that this one is my fav in the series because it is just so much more technically smooth than both of the first two games combined. I gave MP a try also and it was pretty cool, but nowadays it is dead and you will never find a match online.8/10 Gameplay9/10 Sounds/Music5/10 Length8/10 Overall. Blastin' back to earth d1ck first!"
,Recommended,226720,8336545,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Zoey,when the man is old he looks like christopher lee
76561197970453690,Not Recommended,226720,8969559,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,swervin_irvin,"Game is unplayable for me, get a Bink video error. When reading forum posts other people who bought this game have had this error, and it has gone unfixed since september 2013 (6+ months). Game immediately crashs upon startup. No fix from Capcom. Wouldn't buy another Capcom game again."
76561197986233155,Not Recommended,226720,10747802,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DinnerTimeFun,"I've had issues with keyboard controls, save points, and glitches that have made this game unplayable. Let's start with the controls, when you're in a fight to pick up ammunition you use the 'p' key which is on the opposite side of the keyboard from the rest of the controls. It's ridiculously pointless and must've been an afterthought. The save points are automatic, and unfortunately that's the only way you can continue a game in the campaign, which brings me to the glitches. The game glitched at a point called ""stay alive"" where you fight these large preying mantis things, but the spawn endlessly populates them to a point where you cannot complete the mission, and because the save point dumps right where the mission starts. When I fought them, I counted 20 of them in the area. It became impossible to fight them in any conventional way. I did some searching online and apparently this is not supposed to happen. Every time I killed one 2 more spawned and eventually the map was flooded with them making it impossible to complete the game. I could go into further depth about the quality of the weapons (the only useful one is the shotgun, and the assault rifle is a bb gun and the pistol might as well be a water gun)."
76561198109886422,Not Recommended,226720,24715699,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,PolarTitan,"Lost Planet 3 was a highly anticipated game, but when it arrived it brought a huge decline in the love for lost planet. The game is awful that one might wonder if the writers were drunk at many points. In one section of the game, you can hear a man talk about his lust for having sex with penguins! This game removed many fan favorite features and added horrible weapons, gameplay, features, and so much awful detail that its not worth watching the trailer, lest your hopes be ruined like mine have.1/5 stars"
76561198000802991,Not Recommended,226720,12788766,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,heptagon,"Too much long and boring cinematics, too much slow travelling in the rig, too much mad-tapping ""F"" key for script scenes.The game resembles Red Faction, but the latter is much more interesting and re-playable."
76561198095924054,Not Recommended,226720,15301408,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,FusionJay,"I couldn’t continue to play this game; it feels so outdated that it literally feels like it was created in 2003. I wasn’t a big fan of “Lost planet” one or two but it did accomplish in providing me entertainment which this game fails to do.I’ve reach a point in my life where I’m not going to waste my time on a game that feels so tedious. I should have listened to the negative reviews and avoided this game at all cost, literally (steam deal discount). I know I’m being too harsh but the fact they used the name, changed the formula of the game, hyped it up, and with it being released in 2013 deserves to be called garbage.I remember reading one of the reviews which basically describe the whole format of the game, “Get in your rig, travel to your destination, fix things and repeat the whole process all over again”. I thought the whole shooting parasite/alien would be fun but it felt so unsatisfying. I can’t comment on multiplayer since there was no one to play with, I hate matchmaking but it being a 2013 game with a horrible campaign mode I couldn’t blame the system. I advise those to skip this game and find something better or go back to lost planet one and two."
76561198028924176,Not Recommended,226720,12099032,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,dkuster2000,"THis game sucks balls....   I fight 1 crab thingy on easy and go through my entire assult rifle w/ extra ammo clips and over an hour with the defalt gun, no red tagets left to shot and still can not end the sequence.  ON EASY.....  dumb as programmers don't understand this can not be fun fighting something with no life indicator but has over a billion hit point that you must eat away at until eventually you get the kill shot or what ever.  Crappy game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,226720,11281141,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,GameDev (Perdition Wakes),http://youtu.be/KcgElGt-CRsLost Planet 3 is somehow very ignored for being such a great game. This was developed by a game company called Sparkle. Sparkle doesn't have much of a presence but even so they managed to make this game one of the most impressive Lost Planet games I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,226720,12258741,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Disa,This is a bad bad bad bad bad game developers are too lazy ....
76561198072017657,Not Recommended,226720,9240563,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Kodak Black,"The graphics of this game were 4/5, campaign 5/5, miltiplayer 0/5. the multiplayer is completley broken if you even think about buying any of the weapon packs it's a waste of your money because in game when you try to use the dlc guns there are invisible and you spawn with no gun. campaign was finominal but drifted away from the lost planet 2 theme. but if you are getting this game because lost planet 2 isint updated for windows 8 yet don't do it the multiplayer sucks and you can never find a match either."
,Not Recommended,226720,8567254,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,DeadEyeSavage,This game wasn't even wroth the extreme sale i got it on for 80% off. it felt like a on rail shooter with quick time events to dumbdown the mroe complicated fights. and you are SO SLOW moving compared to the previous lost planets.
76561197975216640,Not Recommended,226720,10422765,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,MonkeyofLegand,"NO SUPPORT. Game still crashes on launch. No help from the Capcom staff on the forums and not even an automatically generated email from the website support. Capcom should give all who purchased this game a refund! It's absolute garbage! I will never buy another Capcom game again! I pre-ordered this game and have yet to play one second of it! I have tried to skip the intro videos, but that doesn't work. Even if it did, it is b.s. to skip a part of a game you paid for. DON'T BE A SUCKER LIKE I WAS! DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP!"
76561198085534698,Not Recommended,226720,10720272,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,vega9dennis,"Bought the game and all DLC to play online and guest what multiplayer its dead, nobody plays it."
,Not Recommended,226720,23739518,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Bake,Did you play the other lost planet games?You won't like this one.You haven't played the other lost planet games?It's...okay?I guess.
76561198041800772,Not Recommended,226720,8324593,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Funones,Don't buy this game.
76561198092236523,Not Recommended,226720,8316586,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tobias,"I have not played more than the beginning of this game, because I'm too annoyed by the dialog. It has a lot of sarcastic jokes which I guess makes this to a game that most people will find not pleasant."
76561198068133903,Not Recommended,226720,11913883,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Advil,looks nice but a boss half way through is immortal for alot of people i know my self included so if you want to pay 50$ for half a game be my geust the first was way better anway.
76561198097152448,Not Recommended,226720,34750113,Posted: 4 September,all,knighmare  infinity,i got through to the final boss once bt when i quit game and went to play it  the next day the loading screen with the loading symbol took forever and i end up quitting the game sucha pity. sucha good game but end of game  is broken and unable toget to boss battle again
,Not Recommended,226720,8343990,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,HansSanitizer,"I have not been able to get into any multiplayer games during the winter sale, I would recommend this if multiplayer was working.Another thing is there is no campaign co-op, which is a shame."
76561197974411838,Recommended,226720,7771058,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Featherstone,"I was surprised by this title, its not at all like its predecessors and was very enjoyable to play. I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,226720,8340111,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Gavernor,"Bought the game thinking there was co-op like in the previous game only to be disappointed, Not only is its multiplayer system worthless but the lack of co-op makes the game rather un-enjoyable, True you might still enjoy the single player campaign but there is no re-play value, I would reccomend not buying if anyone is considering it. 2/10"
76561198017521752,Recommended,226720,12758346,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Ginrah Nightblade,Wow ...From start to finish this game  was great...controls were nice...graphics had good atmosphere...enemies were tough at times....but with a very entertaining story line that will keep you from giving up snd want to keep going .graphics were fantasticgame play was very satisfyingsound was very goodOnly one issue i had with game was multiplayer never worked.But i very much would recommend this  game 10/10
76561198016517229,Not Recommended,226720,21289101,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Galuade,"!!!!!!DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!DO NOT BUY!!!!the first game was 10 times better then this heap of crapthe game gives wrong control commands, is very slow pace and boring, fights are just a bunch of quick time eventsJust don't buy this game"
,Not Recommended,226720,12090271,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,you're pretty when i'm drunk.,"This game was released over a year ago, and the key binding screen is still buggy. Meh. Even on sale at 75% off, it's not worth it."
,Recommended,226720,11334515,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,Its ok...
,Recommended,226720,14536967,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,sirbill007,It is a lot better than two!
,Not Recommended,226720,25060892,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Cosmonaut,"Gee, these new dead space games keep getting worse.Upon installing the game I was greeted by multiple ""Lost Planet 3 has stopped working"" error messages.After finally giving up and re-installing the game, I get into the game and we get:- unskippable in-game cutscenes (DON'T TAKE THE CONTROL OF THE CHARACTER FROM ME)- A terrible camera angle. Seriously, it's waaaaay too close during normal use, and god forbid if you turn your camera into a wall.- And what seemed to be cover based gameplay?Honestly, after point #3, I was done. This is not the Lost Planet I had remembered, this is a pale Dead Space ripoff.TL;DR? It's great if you were a Dead Space fan, not so much if you liked the previous Lost Planet games."
,Recommended,226720,12947736,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,distem,"Haven't finished the game yet but it so far is pretty fun.  Semi-exploration game with a steady plot line.  Manages to maintain a mix of atmospheres: creepy, scary, silly, hopeful, etc."
76561198048648905,Not Recommended,226720,25251377,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,That Comic Guy,"After playing some of this game I can't believe how much a once great and fun game series has fallen to this.I'll be totally honest this game has characters you really couldn't care less about, It lacks the fun from number 2 and the soild characters and plot from number 1. Use a controller if you want to play as if you're playing on keyboard you'll need three hands as all the controls are way too spaced out. Some instructions the game provides are totally wrong. The thing that kills this the most is the 3rd person is too close to the player so you can't see to the sides or behind much at all so when it comes to things like tight killzone areas or boss fights, you are going to die as if you're playing Dark Souls due to stupidly getting stuck between walls and bosses as you can't see behind you to know how close you are from getting trapped this that all the damn time."
,Not Recommended,226720,9754240,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Mordric,This review is outdatedi don't think its bad but hey how could i when i cant get to find out thanks to the constant crashing with no fixesbut looking outside the crashing i would recommend it to at most 10% who would play it from previous games
76561198034082333,Not Recommended,226720,11172678,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Squid Pope Jr.,"This game is boring and repetitive. Every ""level"" is really just turning on the power over and over again. Gameplay offers nothing new, and the repairing aspect of the game is simply holding down a button. The only novel idea this game offers is that the mech is not some super awesome battale mech. The story was good but it wasn't interesting enough to hold my attention. This game is boring I think that youy sould not by it. Buy dead space instead. It is very similar but did it a lot better."
76561197995081330,Not Recommended,226720,11189976,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,cRaBs (\/)!_!(\/),"The two hours I played this game I enjoyed. The environment was great and so were the characters. Unfortunately the game refuses to save my campagin progress so everytime I start it up I am only greeted by ""new game"" options.I always have a backup laptop though that is capable of running crysis 3 on medium. I installed it on there and now the game refuses to even start. I have tried a few workarounds but to no avail.It is unfortunate because what little I was palying I was enjoying."
76561198029331980,Not Recommended,226720,8465859,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Shigure77,this game in my opinion is not what lost planet was it is completely different they took out all the things i liked about lost planet and made a totaly diferent game dont get me wrong i do like the game but im not reccomending this game because it does not belong in the lost planet series
76561197986205671,Not Recommended,226720,9177654,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Zpecter,Meh. I played thru it about half way and got bored. They made a HUGE mistake by not including coop.
76561198032311213,Not Recommended,226720,11177262,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Nouky,"the story is good but the game play is very very repetitive and predictable... a door... it is sealed... find braker, repair breaker, flip breaker open door, it is like that for 90% of doors.  Boss fights... dodge, block, block, dodge, attack glowing red weak spot... open door... mini boss fight... open door, open door, open door, mini boss fight.. open door.... sigh i think you get point.  the really funny part is at one point in time your character even says... a door, of course it is broken why would anything on this planet work.  that made me laugh."
,Not Recommended,226720,15918317,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Sw4rlez,No co-op single player. Do I need to say anything else....??GG RIP in peace.
76561197963129629,Recommended,226720,8417443,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Swanner,"++Good story, decent game play. Kinda dead space meets Gears of war.-- Kinda easy to see whats comeing, upgrades are short lived I hit the halfway mark and had already got everything I wanted.in short A fun game that I am enjoying very much. I would give it a 7.5/10 useing IGN's scale."
,Not Recommended,226720,11571503,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Taikunoaku,"I cannot begin to express how utterly generic this game is, however generic may be too generous a statement. There is not a single redeeming quality about this game warrating it's purchase.Graphics? Crap.Story? Beyond crap.Gameplay? Completely generic.I could go on and on talking about how 3/4 of the game is spent doing tasks that in no way forward the nonexistent story, and how every single area of the world is boring and unimaginative, and how the weapon selection is pathetically small and useless, but I wont. Sufficed to say, don't buy this game. Ever. This is just another example of EA attempting to make money on a series by making a game with as little effort put into it as possible."
,Not Recommended,226720,12246916,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,TriggerHappyWhiteGuy,"No co-op like LP 2 ,Multi-player is dead and very expensive if you only want to play single-player campaign."
,Recommended,226720,13539736,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TheChobe,Great game
76561197993495947,Not Recommended,226720,13194510,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Himax,"At its absolute best, this game is mediocre.Unimaginative, short, overly simplistic, and boring.Some good plot characters and a few lines of really good voice acting aren't enough to make this game fun.And in the end, that is the only way you really can judge a game.This game is not fun to play."
,Recommended,226720,16401910,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The Hound,"A very fun game, would definitly reccomend to anyone who likes games that allow some free roam and a solid story."
76561198097270790,Not Recommended,226720,14539120,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,psychedelicphysco,i really want to give this game a thumbs up but not till they fix the all the crashing problems. *fingers crossed it happens soon*
76561198067851973,Not Recommended,226720,11747051,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,The Original Xray18,"I will admit the story is very creative, but LP3 kind of made it lose the feel of playing an arcade-like 3rd person shooter/action. They gave it a very serious tone, and tried to add a horror aspect to it. As a standalone without the title of ""Lost Planet"" I could see this doing well, but as a continuation to the series, it seems to have caused damaged to the enjoyment I had with the formor two LP games.P.S. The multiplayer is comepletly broken due to connection problems."
76561198093029733,Not Recommended,226720,13558715,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,[JsK]PistolWhip♠,"Waste of money, completely boring gameplay style. Nothing like the last two. Disappointed to the fullest extent.Don't buy it."
76561198083951842,Not Recommended,226720,20234675,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ErzaTitanian,"Nothing much to say unfortunately, no one plays this game these days so i don't recommend to anyone to purchase it. No online matches neither co-op. You can't make a party with friends always says the host is disconnected, I think it's a bug. I would say Find another game because this game isn't worth to play :)"
,Not Recommended,226720,11519342,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Patrick Mackey,"I waited until this was on sale, and I still paid too much for it.If you want to be bored out of your mind playing a linear game about characters you don't care about, fighing a bunch of forgettable monsters and listening to horrible music. Then this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,226720,11745720,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,GriM1,I expected the same kind of game play like LP 1 and 2 but its so much slower ....A bit disspointing in that respect but i do like the way they did the story.GFX is top notch.Im voting this down because of the game i expected and the game i have played... Very good but not what you expect.
76561198013319536,Not Recommended,226720,13174751,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fanged Testicle Wrestler,Bought to play Co-op. No Co-op. Never buying lost planet again
,Not Recommended,226720,14547369,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,jrocknyc,"Walk a few feet te trigger a QTE/cutscene. Shoot a few things, walk another few feet to trigger another QTE/cutscene. Walk a few more steps and press ""U"" to trigger the third QTE/cutscene in the last thirty seconds.I've played interactive VCR games from 1985 with more inmmersion  than this turd."
,Not Recommended,226720,13171758,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,RollerX595,"I was liking this game for the first hours or so. Then I realized as fights got more intense....My character got stricken with a case of Class 3 Super Athiritis. You run like you are 80 or so but stilll have the ability to dodge roll somehow. I guess they want to make it ""survival realism"", but really it seems like they just threw in a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ movement and control system.A bit too much on the rinse and repeat as well ""Hey, here's the door I need! Oh powers out...better go fix it"" (That's damn near every door in the game.)I want to like this game....but now I am just playing it to finish off the story."
,Not Recommended,226720,11354011,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Ragger UK,"Barley played 2 hours and game already feels repetative and dull, controls are a nuisance (P to pick up items and technically cant rebind). Everytime you run through an area you get what feels like unlimited spawning of weak enemies which give no challange and just get in your way.0/10 won't play again."
76561197973084423,Not Recommended,226720,11596660,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Mr. Bufferlow,"This game is pretty much a console R.I.P.  The play mechanics are simply button smashing and twitch movements.  No sense of real combat at all.  It is too bad when it had a lot of potential- I was pretty impressed with graphics and beginning of story.  Sadly, too frustrating game play to keep at for any length of time."
76561198050382075,Not Recommended,226720,20122635,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Racingjames,"I am extremely dissapointed with this game, it is a discrase to lost planet 1 and 2 as the campain is basicly, walk here, go here, shoot 5 aliens, walk another 5 miles, kill this alien, boss battles are endless repeats of constant combined attack stratergies, Endless ammounts of map glitches with the AI either stopping working alltogether or getting stuck. For anyone thinking the multiplayer is going to be good, No coop to speak of and any low levels in multiplayer get crushed and it is trying to be too much like COD or halo, I would get a refund as I will never play this game again, campain took me an total of 6 hours even with game bugs and a little world wandering. Steam refuses refund as I now have 12 hours on it.Basicly do not buy this game for the multiplayer or campain because you will be serverly let down. I am going to most likely repurchase lost planet 2 as it is a much better game overall."
76561198033381736,Recommended,226720,20743511,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Humpmachine,=D
76561198038291153,Not Recommended,226720,26038347,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,T'ias,"Not lost planet at all, some wierd lgame that usese the title"
76561198100834297,Recommended,226720,7503498,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,XaTheFox,"This is a good game. Nothing more, nothing less. Wait until next Steam Sales to buy it, 59 euro is to expensive."
76561198030276412,Recommended,226720,8681214,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Ainweian,"Marvelous story, jawdropping visuals, comfortable intuitive gameplay. 10/10 in my book."
,Recommended,226720,9558242,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Apachewasorus,"I was really lost where, why, and how this one fit into the pervious games... 10/10"
,Not Recommended,226720,14556204,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,NordLead,"Simply, terrible nothing like the original LP Capcom continues to disappoint."
76561198022263530,Not Recommended,226720,14568250,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,travis1910,This game sucks!!
76561198013395925,Not Recommended,226720,14589546,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,IChewMyShirt,dont waste your money
76561198030072032,Not Recommended,226720,14576524,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Buttner92,"A decent game if you are completely new to te series, however, his game is very slow, and feels heavy, for a shooter game you feel weighted down and clunky."
76561198058472577,Not Recommended,226720,35232295,Posted: 26 September,all,neotazman,"I feel like if a game needs a controller to play it, they should say that before you buy it. it has a control scheme for keyboard and mouse, but you get to a point early on where it tells you to rotate the analog stick, but when you try to do that with wasd, nothing happens. it might be a good game with a controller, but i wouldn't know."
76561198126391539,Not Recommended,226720,14655081,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,HeadhunterCHDK,its not a lost planet gamewho ever made it he did not play lost planet one or two or even saw themi loved to hade my squadi loved to go on co-op during the main mission and upgrade or modified my characterbut this lost planet has nothing of what i loved about lost planetis a good game but not a lost planet game
76561198119952707,Not Recommended,226720,14660135,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,my little pocky,don't try at any place
,Not Recommended,226720,15103139,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Rocketman,"The WORST POSSIBLE sequel to Lost Planet 2. I had Lost Planet 2 on the XBOX 360 and it was a BLAST. I had way too much fun playing the second. The first's multiplayer was also extremely fun. This, though... this is not a sequel. This is not Lost Planet.>restricted grapple use>no ""actual"" VS's>terrible storyline>horrible multiplayer system>no co-op campaign>lack of thermal energy in the mining mech>no actual guns on mining mech>mfw"
,Recommended,226720,11014646,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Biastahl,Lost Planet: Dongos are stress balls for your robot edition
76561198137349435,Recommended,226720,16986170,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Netroking,Get it...
76561198058022798,Recommended,226720,29437224,Posted: 22 January,all,RiotEnforcer,I for one loved this game. I think the story was fantastic. Hopefully they make a new game some day.
,Recommended,226720,29414691,Posted: 21 January,all,aegorsuch,Love it! The mech (and music in it) is very fun.
,Recommended,226720,10752384,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,rusey,11/10 would have no idea hat the story is about but all I know is you shoot spiders and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up! 11/10!
,Recommended,226720,34518155,Posted: 26 August,all,jooxks,the campian was good but i think the mutiplayer is dead
,Not Recommended,226720,13556554,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mido Higashikata,"Mostly Unplayable. I would absolutely love to say that this is a great title, but I cannot even play it because I keep getting thrown back to the main menu when my internet decides to screw up (which is about 96% of the time), and it does not save in the right places, I'm only at the part where you set up your first T-Post, and the creature, I killed it, then BAM!, back to the main menu during the cutscene. Guess what I had to do again, from the beginning? That's right, kill the creature, AGAIN, I mean seriously, if your game is going to rely on internet that much and you know people do not have fiber-optic lightspeed internet connections, at least make the save system function properly, jesus."
76561198027261801,Not Recommended,226720,13599630,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,GTDAWG,dont waste your Moneyalot of bugs  in this game.Its a shame cuz with a bit more programming etc. I would be a good game.The bugs are mostly getting stuck in corridors etc.
76561197970415104,Not Recommended,226720,11742977,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Huillam,"Past the shiny graphics (at least if you like snow) there's sadly nothing great (or even good) in that game.The voice acting is not that bad it's... no it's bad. Sorry. Next time try to move closer to the microphone guys. Ten meters is probably not the right distance.Gameplay? It's more like gaaaaameplaaaaaaay. Thiiiiiingsssss aaaaaaare slooooooow. Need to run? My great grand mother run quicker than Jim (and she died years ago).Cover system? Cover system are nice during gunfights not when the ennemies are alien that rush into melee range. Nonetheless the cover system is, as most things in the game, badly designed. You'll be far more safe by ""running"" away and coming back slowly (quickly is not an option in that game).UI? Most of the time you don't have access to basic informations (ammos, grenades, cash, radar) because you're out of range of your rig. To open the menu you'll have to look at five seconds animations. Nice the first time. Then boring. Then you'll simply hate it.Even tutorials are screwed: ""Use W/S/A/D to turn the valve"". Know what? In fact you need to tap ""F"" (Oh yeah I love spamming a single key on my keyboard. It's sooooo fun).Checkpoints (no, no save for you)? Died fighting a boss? Where's the checkpoint? After that cinematic when the boss enter the arena? No sir! Before that cinematic? No sir! When Jim enter the arena? Please? No sir! The checkpoint is two minutes before that point. You'll be lucky enough to listen to the same monologue, see Jim crawls for more than one minute, then enter the arena, see the animation, be overjoyed when the camera will move by itself meaning you won't be able to evade the very first attack of the boss, followed by another and... yes back to the checkpoint!Seriously who would say anything bad about that game?"
,Not Recommended,226720,8317746,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Venex,Do not buy buy this f*cking game. it was $12 dollars of my hard earned money wasted. Crashes every 2 seconds and cant even get through the prologue. I played the second lost planet and it was amazingly fun. This one is just disapointing. FIX THIS GAME IMMEDIATELLY.
,Not Recommended,226720,17919577,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,eternaleap,♥♥♥♥♥♥ port from consoles. Not even properly tested. That's all you need to know about this game.
76561197995695060,Not Recommended,226720,14521946,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,[Insert Nickname],absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,226720,9828654,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Mordordevil,"They took what I loved about Lost Planet 2, got rid of all of that, and gave us this pile of bile."
,Not Recommended,226720,27254376,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Divided,"Fun the first time round, even though I played it while the achievements weren't working.Can't even get passed the first level trying to replay it."
,Not Recommended,226720,28676601,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kyrta4a,This Game SUX! Bugs everyvere.Bored gameplay.
,Not Recommended,226720,10906300,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,HortonHearsHotButtSex,"This crashed on my literally after i selected a difficulty, i have tried everything and it still wont work. ♥♥♥♥ this game and i havnt even played the first level yet, i dont want to if the rest of the game is like this."
,Not Recommended,226720,8548802,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Deep Sea Lychee,"The game, although pretty, tries exceedingly hard to be something it isn't.It's excessively buggy, unintuitive, whoever designed the default controls was a complete idiot.Such bugs include the explosive crossbow gun occasionally exploding some mysterious 4th bolt directly on top of you when looking through the scope. Or not being able to winch to a point unless you find some stupid, tiny little point to stand on.The parts of the game that try to be horror are excessively unpleasant, rather then be scary, they provide nothing but frustration, as the enemies are simple, small things that die easily, but are always there and never startling, despite trying to be.One particular moment that angered me was in a horror segment, I repaired a small turret, which was placed to help me defend whilst a door opens. The turret proceeded to shoot and kill ONE enemy, before spending the rest of the attack looking at different enemies, but not actually firing at them.It also has a stupid amount of walking from place to place, and heaps of back tracking.All in all, the game is a travesty, if you were after a Lost Planet game, you came to the wrong place."
76561198031347443,Not Recommended,226720,8473684,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,darksnyder,this game was super lame and gliched all the time
76561198022909598,Not Recommended,226720,8394667,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Graveadder,I Do Not recommend this game just for the fact that you have to do some work to get it to launch. Just from looking up how to get it to launch the problem has been around since august. I Do Not Recommend this game.
,Recommended,226720,8420702,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,This is War 88,"the hidden gem of 2013!. this game is awesome.It Has a great atmosphere to it and the landscapes look really cool. The graphics and lighting in this game is some of the best I have seen this year. It has a dead space 3 feel to it but open world. The aliens are epic to fight and taking them on in your robot in cockpit is really cool. What I have played so far is awesome the story draws you in the gameplay is soild and it's been action packed. If your a dead space fan or like blasting aliens, boss fights and a atmospheric open world then this game is for you."
76561198047595521,Recommended,226720,12400387,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Lenny,BEST SINGLE PLAYER GAME EVER!!! i just played the campaign out it was absolutly amazing i cant wait for lost planet 4 if it is going to come out i freaking loved the campaign thank you guys for making this freaking awessome game.i recommend this amazing game friking loved it!!
,Not Recommended,226720,25870953,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Gaban,"LAG!!!! Every 10 minutes have to restart the game to reset the lag.My PC use Windows 10 Ultimate, Intel i7, GTX 980, 16 GB RAM and can play any 2016 game without any issue."
76561198002596336,Not Recommended,226720,25018753,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Blue Planet,"Kill some monsters with your pistol and watch the awful drama. Don't bother to dodge attacks because apparently you can't die, but do dodge them just get through the game as soon as possible."
,Recommended,226720,8760908,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Tatsuhoshi,"This robust addition to the Lost Planet series follows the EDN III colonists as the quest for thermal energy continues to send the world's ecosystem into chaos.  The game is a little difficult to navigate at first, but once you figure out where everything is, the game is great and enjoyable.  Some people have complained about bugs and glitches, but I've yet to encounter any."
,Not Recommended,226720,8562272,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,outslayer,Gets Very Boring
,Not Recommended,226720,8589462,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,𝕲𝖗𝖎𝖋𝖋𝖎𝖓,This game is constantly crushing on startup...
,Not Recommended,226720,35066947,Posted: 19 September,all,Sean,dont remember even owning this game
76561198066495899,Recommended,226720,8341836,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,PewPewMgew,This game owns face... Nuff said..
,Recommended,226720,8370557,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dragonwrath,"If you are a fan of the previous titles, you'll like this one. It's more of the same bug shot as the last two titles, but the missions are fun and the rig makes a welcome addition to gameplay. I like the way you have to fix things with the rig, and it is always good to know you can jump into it away from danger."
,Not Recommended,226720,13935732,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,HK 416,Using Starcraft units as a reference:Lost Planet 2 was like playing as couple of Marines or Ghosts.Lost Planet 3 was like playing as SCV.There is huge difference between this and other series. 3 was very boring and actually made me yawn during the game. Very disappointing if you have played previous series.
,Recommended,226720,28500499,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"This game's actually a pretty good third person shooter.Weirdly enough, they somehow managed to make the mech fights the worst part of the game.  It doesn't make sense, but it's true.  The parts where you have to fight in the mech are a horrible, janky mess of QTE garbage."
76561198033562164,Not Recommended,226720,28808007,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Psyker_Paladin,i will start off by saying it is a good game but ...if u want lost planet dont waste ur time if u want a lost planet turned into dead space then this is for u. it made me so sad to see lost planet change like this it really is a shame as lost planet is a real gem in the gaming world they did so much right but now they went so wrong its not even funny. I just pray that they make lost planet lost planet again else i fell it will die and that will be really sad
76561198044611218,Not Recommended,226720,14603965,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Ghosties,"I haven't played this a lot but I don't have to to know that this game can't compete with it's predecessors. Multiplayer character customization is gone. There aren't nearly as many weapons. The port to PC is pretty wonky. I don't know what they were thinking when they designed some of the multiplayer maps. Absolute garbage. The voice acting is bad. A lot of the character animations look unpolished and awkward. Heck, a lot of the gameplay feels unpolished and awkward. I could go on forever.Most importantly: THERE IS A PART NEAR THE BEGINNING OF THE CAMPAIGN YOU CANNOT GET PAST UNLESS YOU ARE USING A CONTROLLER. If you don't have a controller, you cannot play the game because the port is bad.If you are looking for a Lost Planet game, this is not it. If you are looking for a generic shooter, go ahead and buy."
,Not Recommended,226720,14926382,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Wolfsbane53,"Lost Planet 3 is not a good Lost Planet game. It is very slow and takes itself very serious, unlike Lost Planet two where you litterally get eaten by the boss so you could shoot it's heart. As a seperate game it could have been a decent third person shooter but with the name Lost Planet attached to it it just makes me wish it was more like Lost Planet 2."
76561197960491731,Not Recommended,226720,15012061,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Fizland,Most games I adjust the settings before starting I would advise not doing this at wtf springs to mind
76561198032865398,Not Recommended,226720,15657483,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,pegasus_feather,What have I done!!!!!I'm role playing space janitor in sim in very dull sence of way.  Personally developter seems to build space cowboy style oil rigger hard worker but to gamer's mind it is nothging more than a boring game fps nothing compare to first lost plant.  It was such a wonderful game and now they fu*king ruined it for sure.
76561198070700189,Not Recommended,226720,35218526,Posted: 26 September,all,Courage,too short
,Recommended,226720,11058684,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,That Smug Ass Nigga,You battle a giant rock crab creature in a large robot equipped with a drill and claw arm.10/10
,Not Recommended,226720,7764346,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,dan,*stares into camera for an uncomfortably long time asfrolic.mp3plays*
76561198006217347,Not Recommended,226720,18906606,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"A mediocre third person shooter. This game commits a lot of sins. It has fodder enemies that are very boring to fight. The weapons lack punch and are not satisfying to shoot. It has clunky vehicle sections which are just bad and part of core design. The UR only looks good, it isn't fun to operate and it is rubbish for combat. The fast travel system is undercooked. The giant crab enemies are very tedious to fight, both predictable and bullet spongy. The game contains lame QTE which is the cancer of gaming. The story is just barely passable.The reason I stopped playing is because there was a bug that prevented the third giant crab from losing his top armor. Apparently there is a fix for it, all you have to do is verify game cache. I was going to do that but then I realised that I just coudn't be bothered. There is just nothing here that is particularly interesting or fun and nothing that hasn't been done better before or after.Only get this game if you absolutely must play every third person shooter available and only at $10 or less."
,Not Recommended,226720,12084044,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Magenta,"Regenerating Health, No T-ENG system, Bloody Screen, Die fast but regenerate health fast, Half of the buttons on pc dont even WORK, Even the reload key does nothing.Rebinding keys is a ♥♥♥♥ing mess due to the game telling you, ""THIS KEY IS ALREADY BOUND TO X!"" when as a matter of fact, The key you're trying to bind is CONTEXTUAL to struggling, So X should automatically bind itself to Fire aswell, since thats the NON-CONTEXTUAL version of the struggle attack key.Dodging does absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing nothing, Unlike Lost Planet 1.LP3 Is a pile of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥It's not worth even 2 pounds, Seriouslly. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,226720,10712037,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,iliekP3aches,"How do you make something that looks so beautiful so boring? Yeah, I know, it's not like LP1 or 2. A sequel can take a series in new direction that's amazing like Max Payne 3. This is not the case with LP3. It's not the mundane, gritty, realistic story of Jim the offworld mecha heatminer that makes it boring. No, it's the on the rails ""press E (and sometimes V,T,or P) to advance plot"".""JIm, go here.""""Jim, press mouse 1 here.""""Jim, run back and forth to pad out game time.""Nothing in this game feels like a game. It feels like an interactive movie. Events don't have to necessarily advance the plot, but they should be engrossing. You should want to learn more about EDNIII, but picking up random audio logs and the already snails-pace at which the story goes along makes you want to just get it over with.The on foot combat is boring and tedious compared with the earlier games. Roll, shoot, roll, shoot, roll shoot. It's Dark Souls in Akrid land. And what's with the vast number of game mechanics they keep trying to throw in? There is even cover based shooting, but you'll never use it because the Akrid are always up in your grill. There's a knife for melee, but it's useless so you end up just shooting everything while rolling and shooting. You get plenty of T-units from ""quests"" so why bother killing Akrid and collecting their blood? It's all busy work. Somehow giving the player grappling hook is also boring and rail-like. Everything feels like this. Too many different mechanics that don't fit well together.The only redeeming factors for me so far is the ""rig"" segments and the hollywood level of voice acting and animation. You feel weighty, you feel powerful (sometimes), and it's just plain fun to navigate this world in it. But even then, no real weaponry early on makes it boring as ♥♥♥♥. The characters feel real and believable, although sometimes to a fault. We get it Jim, you miss your family. Please stop interrupting the main storyline with the constant ramblings of your wife. It's meant to connect the player with the protagonist, but they overdo it.tl;dr: You know what this feels like? Binary Domain, Dark Souls, and Dead Space mashed up in the Lost Planet universe, but without the gameplay that made those games fun and interesting."
,Recommended,226720,7429401,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Rascilon,"Lost Planet 3 tells the story of Jim Peyton, a blue collar family man from Earth, sent to a remote colony on planet E.D.N. III, 50 years after the events of the first game.  As the story unfolds, Jim learns that mega-corp NEVEC has been up to no good, and that he is embroiled in a conspiracy a generation in the making.  The art, sound and voice direction in this game are truly top notch not only making the story line unfold like a feature length film, but giving nuance and style to the gameplay itself.  In addition to a third person shooter, Jim can take control a utility mech, giving the player some compelling puzzle solving and innovative combat along the way.  The game supports Steam Trading Cards, Widescreen modes as well as the Xbox controller, but unfortunately is lacking any Steam Achievements.  Barring that one minor flaw however, Lost Planet 3 is truly a game not to be missed by even casual fans of the sci-fi genre.  I highly recommend this game to almost anyone."
,Not Recommended,226720,33412750,Posted: 9 July,all,Pink Turtle,Bought it for co op. But there is no PVE.
76561198014315701,Not Recommended,226720,8483612,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Winji,"No... Just no... This game is truly horrible compared to the previous titles.Combat is boring and the traveling is boring.The mech is there only to give you means of travel, you get a minimap and proper hud when you are near it, but every mission takes you into such locations that you have to leave it behind striping you out of these advantages.The grappling hook is suddenly something you can only use in certain places when in previous titles it was one of the funniest things to use.The guns feel horribly underpowered atleast the guns I have found so far and that's most of them. There is a crossbow that fires exploding arrows and you would obviously expect it to be powerful weapon to use considering that it has a 1 shot clip, but no. It's horribly underpowered and thus useless.I found 3 different machineguns with one having a burst firemode, yet they all felt excatly the same and didn't seem to have any difference between damage either.Add the underpowered guns with though, fast melee enemies that quickly swarm you and your ridiculously slow walking/sprinting speed the combat overall is quite horrible that only makes you want to quit playing games completely.If someone came to me and told that this game is the first in the trilogy I would believe them considering how much they have removed and reduced compared to the previous games.Overall if you want to play Lost Planet game you're better off buying the first or the second game depending on if you like Single- or Multiplayer more.All this game makes me do is thinking that I really should dig out my Lost Planet 2 and play something that I can actually enjoy.Also one small thing that REALLY bothers me to ridiculous degrees is the main character not having anykind of headgear to protect him from the cold that can freeze a human in seconds.It's explained in the story, but it's still complete bulls**t. It's because he has technology installed into the collar of his suit.Explanation that is on the same level as Magic, Nanomachines or Magical Nanomachines."
76561198040865928,Not Recommended,226720,11059030,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,MegaZorZ,Would be a good game if it didn't have so many bugs and crashes.  The creators' support of the game seems dead as well.
76561197970703115,Recommended,226720,12544060,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,cofn42a1#e27583r275eri x,"Pretty great game, WAY better than the original 2 games. Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,226720,29667877,Posted: 3 February,all,Lopper,Although Lost Planet 3 is the best one in the series this pc port is garbage. Full of bugs and bad controls. Can't recommend.
,Not Recommended,226720,12077574,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Delta 2-6,"This is quite sad. I have been playing lost planet from the start, and 3 is a sad and possibly desperate attempt in my opinion. If you decide that you like the Lost planet games I highly suggest you stick to the first and second Lost planet. Avoid three."
,Not Recommended,226720,3770926,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,BridgetFisher,"Are you ready to strap on your spurs heading out into the wild west with a shotgun at your side and a guitar over your arm..... errrr..... that isnt this game at all.  yet all the music in the game for some reason is country music, Im not sure why, but maybe the only people who play Lost Planet drive pickup trucks, then after a long day of cattle rustling go home and play Lost Planet.  This game is only enjoyable if you like country music, if you do not like country music you can disable the music, but then the world is so empty its like why bother playing at all.  The game works, so no issues there but as stated ONLY buy this if you LOVE country music because that is the only music in the game.Rating:  1/10  Value: 4.99"
,Recommended,226720,7766743,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,aronktz,Not bad. but they could have done a better job.
76561197998558056,Not Recommended,226720,23109396,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,[AE] r00k,"Terrible. Huge fan of the first 2, this one just butchers it. 2/10."
,Not Recommended,226720,25513363,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Basking Shark,"A hollow shell of the first two games, with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ robots, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fighting. How you ♥♥♥♥ up the fun of piloting the mechs when it was fine in the first two is beyond me."
,Recommended,226720,961042,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Merry,Better than sex with a penguin!
,Recommended,226720,13627292,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Holly King,Lost Planet 3 is the best Dead Space game I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,226720,29797435,Posted: 9 February,all,blastedlabs,"Your character moves like a 300lb woman at walmart.  He sprints like that woman heard there were free donuts in the bakery.  The first 30 minutes of the game is one long, boring cinematic, where you get the ability to walk on rails.I don't know what happened to the fast paced, assault, shoot-em up that was Ice Planet 2. About the only thing I can tell that this game kept from its predecessors was the literal ice planet."
76561198128691598,Not Recommended,226720,32789336,Posted: 25 June,all,IAmMOJOJOJO,could you make this any more cring worthy
76561198254752734,Not Recommended,226720,28966362,Posted: 2 January,all,Christiaan,"Total bs, bought this game with a friend because we played Lost Planet 2 together. Only to find out there is no Co-Op.. Well done digging your own grave."
,Recommended,226720,29789247,Posted: 8 February,all,Donaldus Rex,Isssgoooood.
76561197993765973,Not Recommended,226720,8266081,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,BLACKPRINCE,i wish i coud my money back for this glad i didnt pay full price. I coud get more out of hiting my head with a bord over and over than playing this mockary of a game just when i thank LP coud not get any worse it get boreing as ♥♥♥♥ dont by this unless you want to sit and press the W key for 3 owers just to get to cut seens that meen nothing no atmustfear at ll
,Not Recommended,226720,2688097,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,kanami,"not ""japanese"" anymore/10"
,Not Recommended,226720,34041206,Posted: 5 August,all,ZA WARUDO,boring
76561198010066663,Not Recommended,226720,25567062,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,OMGWTFBBQ,its not lp2
76561198000814179,Not Recommended,226720,25026804,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ice,"mild language, no it's not mild language when they curse"
,Recommended,226720,30481125,Posted: 12 March,all,Dikkun,"Well, never thought I would say this, but here I go:-I enjoyed the gameYep, I did enjoy the game. I found it amusing, entertainig, fun, even though CAPCOM subtracted the formula used on the first Lost Planet games, with all the running, shooting, riding on some cool mechs to blow up or cut some Akrid and NEVEC fellas.It was simple, but I really loved that old formula, but now, we're looking into a Dead Space/Resident Evil (from 4 to 6) similar game, focused on the ambiance, the preying Akrid around you, the lack of fast mobility, with over the shoulder camera style and stuff like that.And, well, that was really good, specially if you're using SweetFX mod to make the game A LOT MORE visually astonishing.Still, the game got some problems here and there, like the ""hide  behind the cover so you don't get shot"" mechanic, which is used mostly at the end of the game, and it really doesn't use that much; or the lipsync AND lack of motion in the lip area in the face of some NPCs, as well control problems, which shows us that this port of the game didn't receive a lot of love.Still, a good game to get while on a sale."
,Recommended,226720,12130418,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Thumbzzy,i wouldnt have named it Lost Planet 3...maybe lost Planet origins??and the combat was more slow pacesed than the other ones...alot more story though
76561198028035676,Recommended,226720,12152475,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Gene Siwako,"A good game, but a really bad prequel. Also, ""QTE this, QTE that"" is getting annoying later in the game."
76561198064737507,Not Recommended,226720,11989621,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Ewok_Smiles,Just beat the game so i figured it was time to review it. I would give it a 6.5/10. the game was fun enought. but i didn't really care  to try and beat it 100% of the way as it kind of gets boring. I would only suggest buying it if you have nothing else to playt until the division comes one :-)
76561197960289679,Not Recommended,226720,11875530,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Paranoia-2MB,"Game had great potential, but after seeing it uses another program to run the videos.  It also likes to crash and has no support from Capcom to fix.  It's been like this since the release.  If I could get my money back, I would.  Do not bother purchasing this at all.Rent it on console or pirate it."
,Recommended,226720,12108098,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,tazsora,ive played all the lp games this is another great game i enjoy mp alot havent completed the game yet though so far i love it
,Not Recommended,226720,12098545,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Deathtrix,"If you played Lost planet 2 and were hoping for more of that, prepare to be very dissapointed.This latest installment seems to think it's Dead space, deciding to take a darker tone. You spend most of your time crawling through Alien infested areas listening to the sound of scratching violins and getting the same jump scares that are easily answered to with a shotgun. Heck one of the larger bosses even looks like it was taken directly from the final boss of dead space.The story is similar to Aliens in that there is a coperation that hides information, and acts extremely corrupt.Combat is rather easy, with a ""Press not to die"" Dodge roll command that will side step any boss attack without much skill required, but despite the dodge roll being a universally useful means of defense, they still felt the need to have a chest high cover system that is bound to the same function. So there will be occasions where the player attempts to roll away from enemies, but instead finds themselves stuck to a wall.The PC controls are uncomfortable, with some of the more Dire keys like Melee and right arm mech swings are set to keys that need to be reached for away from WASD. While these can be rebound the game is sensitive about keys being set to the same command, despite already having some commands listed to the same key.Ultimately I stopped playing around about the time a game breaking glitch occured for me where a door would not open after only being partially repaired during an ambush. The repair option never became available again and both auto-saves were unusable. For something like that to of occured it was clear the game was not properly tested before release."
76561198120540428,Recommended,226720,21477576,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Spreelly,yeah
76561197973357248,Recommended,226720,21454609,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Uncle Dangerous,"Not sure why it's getting all the bad reviews.  It's not like lost planet 1 or 2, which, believe me, is a good thing.  You can upgrade weapons, upgrade your mech, take missions, collect thermal energy as currency.  The story is a lot better than the first 2 as well, it actually makes more sense.  Voice acting is great as well.  7/10."
76561197989777519,Recommended,226720,21454943,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mituki,"This game is is basically an action arcade version of Deadspace. The huge lumbering mech that you will be piloting reminds me of something off of that movie Robot Jox. Multiplayer is a blast, with really fun game modes, but unfortunately rarely is anyone on. Good game overall, and excellent for the casual gamer."
76561198012373427,Not Recommended,226720,21491148,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Nicolas Mage,"Controls dont work... the game prompts you to press a certain button when it is actually something else. Enemies are repetitive and annoying, missions are boring, story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ no co-operative mode. Cant attack certain enemies until they have fully finished their scripted sequence. Im stuck on an alien boss in which i need to use my rig to pull it closer and then use my drill on it, however everytime im prompted to use LB on my xbox controller the grappeling hook shoots out and nothing happens. I only paid $6 for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and I want my money back... ♥♥♥♥ this buggy mess.... Lost Planet get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
76561198190886462,Recommended,226720,17102135,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,edup_91,"Great game,Underated when relesead!!!!Great grafics, great story  e awosome rigs!!!! The price is great too...Buy it!!!!"
,Recommended,226720,16667731,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,regaknock,"If your looking for amazing gameplay i reccommend lost planet 2 first, if you want a good story then you have come to the right place. Decent gameplay with a compelling story, however i found the replay value to be pretty low."
76561198066894397,Recommended,226720,16679421,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Alpha Guido,Rolling is faster than sprinting11/10
,Recommended,226720,18892716,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,WormWood,Would be so much better if there was a much bigger online community!
76561198049844155,Recommended,226720,18298683,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Arkaronis,"I got to play about six or seven hours, This game is Intensly good in concept, it has pretty much everything you can think of in terms of stuff, Mechs, or Robots you can drive arround, guns, level content, graphics, however, As the first few hours past, i began to get a head ache, Almost as if it needed to be streightend, like something in the game play had an issue that just wasnt compatable with my normal human brain, Maybe it was just me, but Just thinking about it makes me think someone is sitting on my head. Good start, good concept, decent gameplay, horible execution. Flat tire effect. And the only reason I havent played it beyond its life span. If you know how to fix a flat, then well this is a Superior gem, and you may just find you like it."
,Recommended,226720,18336339,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,сыпь на мешке,PG13 Dead Space
76561198037117890,Recommended,226720,17866248,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,karlpienaar,"Massively underated and, I fear, one of those games that is 'cool' to dislike.  Great story, extremely pretty, some of the best ingame music I have had the pleasure of listening to and - for once - a good attempt at porting controller to keyboard (that damned P key is a bit of a fail but I managed to get the pickup mapped to ~).  The combat can be mildy repetative but it leaves enough room for mixing it up if you so wish.  The weapon choice / upgrade options are fulfilling, the mech combat can be quite good, not fantastic but good.  I would gladly pay full price.Technically I had not a single issue.  I do understand how those people that did would be frustrated.8/10."
76561197990255834,Not Recommended,226720,16687181,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,=][= Milante,Some of the stupidest boss mechanics I have ever seen in a game.  Constantly introduces new mechanics with either no explanation or misleading explanation.  I'm actually kind of disgusted I wasted this much time on the game.
,Not Recommended,226720,16607812,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,[BBF]StorkKnows,This game was terrible. They changed up the entire old system to introduce a boring new storyline aproach. The game lost all its interesting traits from the 1st and 2nd games and replaced them with bad ones.
,Not Recommended,226720,16500482,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,diablo10001,"Before I start, I just want to say that I am judging this game based on its predecessor, ""Lost Planet 2"" because thats what I was thinking of when I bought this game.  I have around 300 hours on lost planet 2 just from its campaign because it was so fun and the other 200 were from its co-op battles that I would do with friends on xbox live.  Now onto lost planet 3, I started out thinking that this was going to be a mecha vs alien creature like game, because mechas were what made lost planet.  Well thats entirely false in this game because 80 percent of the gameplay was on foot miles away from your mech even though it is ESSENTIAL for most of your hud features.  Campaign in lost planet 2 was thrilling and made had so much fun in it, while in lost planet 3, it was a bore most of the time because you got boring weapons that are just average, no mech weapons or OP weapons.  Well the reason for the boring weapons is because mainly 80 percent of the enemies were 2 shootable with the pistol.  Remember collecting T-energy for some awesome stuff ingame?  Well now they are using for upgrades and thats it.  The only thing that I liked from this game was the backstory of Nevac and the story of Jim who was very likable."
,Recommended,226720,13989586,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,PedjaSuperman,"What can i say, im in love with this game.Being on a ice/lava planet with monsters that live there but you're invading to find energy, plus they could just live there and no go back to earth lol etc i mean its perfect to be honest.Only thing is, it needs open world and more weapons and for god sakes...JUMPING! and maybe some climbing.But when i first started this game, i never played number 1, i played 2 maybe 20% of the game and got over it, but this one, i love it.It start of slow and it feels like its going to finish really quick. But about an hour or so in the game it gets f**king GREAT!i hope they make a number 4....i really do, im sick of getting the hang of a game and involved and then bam, its ended."
,Recommended,226720,15845102,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Hoodie,"Great game, I love the characters, each unique and enjoyable, and a love the setting. But the multiplayer is non-existant so its single player only. However the single players great and I would love to see more people play this gem."
,Recommended,226720,16539542,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BillyR,Very well polished game. Runs smooth and the FPS is off the charts. Driving the rig is really cool in this game. It gets a bit harder when you start fighting the creatures on foot. I do recommend this title. It's like an interactive sci fi movie and feels very much like Mass Effect. 8/10
,Recommended,226720,23702373,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Jaekov,"This is a game that you can beat in a day. I played it all of today, and truly enjoyed it. If you liked dead space, and enjoy a good story, this is for you. The price is a bit high for how much gameplay you get out of it, but if you see it on sale, it is worth playing."
,Recommended,226720,21033361,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,StarGuy,"This game was A LOT of fun! The story in this game is very compelling, it explains everything that went down on EDN 3 when it was first discovered and made for a great prequel for the whole series. So if you really want to kill some giant alien creatures with a badass utility rig and a ton of weapons... get this game. :D"
,Recommended,226720,23479326,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Kobold,"The stroy of Lost Planet 3 is a good one that kept me engaged during gameplay. The characters have nice interaction with each other. The gameplay was enjoyable at least the campaign was I cannot speak for the multiplayer as I didn't play online. It may not be as great as Lost Planet 1, but I personally find it more engaging than Lost Planet 2 which I play mostly for the local coop."
76561197992246194,Recommended,226720,30458718,Posted: 11 March,all,panther3007,"This a well-made, good looking game. It's way better than lost panet 1 and 2.Yes, it borrows some things from Dead Space, but I like that game and they will probably not make a fourth one.No idea why it's getting mixed reviews, great game."
76561197975294760,Recommended,226720,13242593,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Smash,Was a great game really enjoyed it
,Recommended,226720,11815219,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,very upset liberal,"A great game with lackluster boss battles. I seriosuly enjoyed my first playthrough and am currently on my second. I love the dynamic of having your own rig and upgrading it. I was huge fan of LP2 and fans of that game will seriously be dissapointed. but if you come into this game not expecting a game like 1&2, its a really fun ride."
,Recommended,226720,7550238,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Snapdragon 808s & Heartbreak,"Yeah I'mma go out on a limb and say it's hella great. Fantastic visuals, fun combat and bosses, and great level design."
,Recommended,226720,11742508,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,M00NSH4D0W,"I'vw really liked the first 2 games from the Lost Planet Franchise and when i bought this im surprised, this isn't kinda Lost Planet stuff....This is remind me to Dead Space in ice.If you loved the first two games and you want to know more about the background era, you will have fun with this game but if you want an action experience like the first two games before....forget this game.I loved every minute of this game..."
76561198074843331,Recommended,226720,11596242,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,MtFOG,Good game.  Couple of bugs in final boss fight but otherwise fine.
,Recommended,226720,11632322,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,UrbanMonk,"I've played the previous games in the series, and have enjoyed them.When I found out they were making a 3rd one I was pretty excited. I didn't buy it day one though since I'm the type of person who waits for the price to drop. Needless to say I didn't read any reviews before picking this one up when it went on sale, and I'm glad I didn't because the game is nothing like many of the review say. It's an amazing experience and I loved it.If I had known how much I would enjoy this I would've paid full price for it on release.It took me about 10 hours to finish on medium difficulty, and I plan on going through it again on hard soon.In this Lost Planet game you play as a man working for NEVEC away from his family on earth to support them. This game is before the events of Lost Planet 1 & 2 so it was before they started weaponizing their vehicles. This limitation didn't bother me since it fit the narrative, and I feel as though it was well executed. In any case I really enjoyed the story, and I hope they do a sequel to this game, but I can't count on it seeing how this one was received.Anyway I hope this review can help convince someone whos on the edge about picking them one up. It's well worth your time. :)"
,Recommended,226720,11527991,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,RTDice,"Lost Planet 3 is an bit of an oddity. The story is engaging, the characters are real, and the acting is largely superb, but the gameply doesn't really live up to it. The shooting is solid, and the Akrid provide an intense challege on Hard difficultly, but it's fairly mundane, particularly when the game pits you against human opponents. Likewise the RIG segments can be fun and unique, but traveling from one area to the next can be a bit of bore. But as a diehard fan of the Lost Planet 1 and 2, the story, setting, explanations, and throwbacks were more than enough to keep me hooked!For fans of the Lost Planet series who want a deeper look into the mysteries E.D.N III, Lost Planet 3 WILL NOT DISSAPOINT. For the average gamer, think carefully before you buy."
76561197970827799,Recommended,226720,12205555,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Melius,Just started this. So far so good. Think I'm gonna get hooked.
,Recommended,226720,12379865,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,CrypticSplicer,"This game has a pretty good story. If you played the other Lost Planet games and enjoyed them you will definitely enjy this one. For anyone else interested in a shooter with a decent story, sci-fi setting, and robots I'd recommend buying it when the game is on sale for at least $30."
76561198028205901,Recommended,226720,11405868,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,SleepWave,Not a bad shooter  & Great story line. sci-fi shooter are alway the best for me!!!
,Recommended,226720,11457342,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Omae wa mou SHINDERU ツ,"I have to say, first of all this game is not as good as the previous 2 as it goes in a completely different direction with story keeping a few of the basics around from number 1 & 2 but overall.. i have to say that game is brilliant when it comes to story and graphics.But then there is the negatives that would bring my review down to a much lower score like a 5/10 or 6 simply because of the poor voice overs... the voice acting is great and all the awesome characters fit with the voices given to them but just no im sorry it is terrible, and the music to the game was too involved as it seemed to overwhelm most of the other things happening in the game even with the volume turned down.If i was to rate this game as something completely new so not a lost planet game it would be 8/10 but because it is i have to say something like 6/10Getting to it, brilliant game but not worth £30, Wait for a sale. I got my game for around £10 and was worth the 10 hours of gameplay, And that is without doing really any of the sidequests as i wanted to get more into the story.I hope this helps :)"
,Recommended,226720,11322815,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Goldanas,"The game is not amazing. In fact, I'd say most of the shooting is pretty subpar and boring the majority of the time, and the enemies are thrown at you over and over and over in terrible waves going from room to room. The core stuff is totally uninteresting.Where the game is pretty cool is when it makes you feel like some future Canadian oil driller just trying to make it day to day. As you move from area to area you get to hear some future trucker country play on your radio. You start to get some nic nacs in your rig, and most of the characters you run into feel like a greater part of this independent drilling facility. The major problem is that the game never goes far enough in this direction, and later on most of these elements become shallow as it strips or waives your ability to participate in it, instead heavily focusing on funneling you down corridor after corridor and arena after arena of dull, uninspired combat.You must know that you're making a bad game when you have the main character constantly complain about the level design, right? This is probably the reason Spark isn't doing so hot.Don't get this game if you're a fan of the past games, but if you're interested in seeing the ""spark"" of what could have been a comfy Canadian driller sim, then get it on a drastic sale. At the very least, the devs seemed to care enough to update the multiplayer to work over Steamworks when Gamespy shut down, which is at least a kind gesture, even if you will never find another person to play with."
76561197970532623,Recommended,226720,11323734,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,KnightErrant,"This is an entertaining story, but it is very short.  Not bad for the price when it is on sale.  Just about the time you think things should be picking up, you find out you are in the final act rather than just ramping things up.A lot of modern games with stories are too short, though these days.  So this is all in the expectation of the player.  This is a short story about a guy who takes a mineral extraction job on an ice planet and then things happen.  Not a lot more in there.  Don't expect the mech combat to be much of anything, it isn't.  It is hard to beat the old mechwarrior games in that aspect anyway.I cannot speak to the multiplayer part, it never interested me.So yes, I recommend this if you just want some light entertainment, but wait till it is on sale.Also bear in mind I have never played any other lost planet games."
,Recommended,226720,11325066,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Valkiden,"Alot of content, with great plot and over the shoulder combat that evoked nostolgia of Gears of War.After watching Playthroughs of the previous games, this is extremely different, but has much better crafted characters, story,  and envoirnments, with a much more in depth on-foot combat.Rig Combat always felt slow and clunky, but was usually exciting."
,Recommended,226720,11328425,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Krayde,This game is OKAY.Definitely can tell its not the same as the other two LOST PLANET games for sure though.Make sure you are getting a deal on it if you buy it.
,Recommended,226720,11347477,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,☠Spy☠,Does anyone even play the multiplayer for this game?. I've been waiting to join a game for about an hour now and nothing but 1 or 2 people joining the lobby then leaving 15 seconds later...
76561197962629881,Recommended,226720,12341713,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,AoF.Marauder,"Ice Road Truckers meets Mechwarrior with a very faint garnish of Metroid Prime. There are bugs, though I encountered only one major one(make the crab eat a grenade and he's no longer invincible!). Still, this is a different style than LP1 and 2, and I like it a lot better. Less gun crazy, more atmosphere and awesome."
,Recommended,226720,12385682,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,KLuWolF,"Well didn't get far into the game before finding one of it's flaws, having to repeatedly tap the [F] to struggle with a creature and then line up your mouse with a target afterward. You get about 2-3 secs of targeting time, the mouse does not respond in the usual way, so trying to figure out which way is up or down is frustrating. I don't class this kind of keyboard tapping and mouse play as fun at all, because more often than not you end up dead and repeating in a time loop until you 'get it', I don't get it, don't like it and probably will have to program a macro to handle it. Love the storyline and go for the complex scenery."
76561198043642585,Recommended,226720,19319602,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Tactical Baron,"For fans of the series, or for someone who enjoys a TPS with a first person, melee oriented mech to switch up from being a squishy human to a crunchy mech. A prequel to Lost Planet, and Lost Planet 2 (odd I know), the game ditches its arcade like moments, for the most part, in favor for a deliciously awesome narrative (and some generic third person shooting with a lot of dodge rolling and less grappling hookin' your way out of trouble).So while the shooting mechanics are pretty simplistic, when compared to most other games out, the game does allow you to select your loadout, customize your weapons, and worry about ammo when you come across bullet sponge bosses. Unlike the previous games that had heavily armed VS', this game has a mech, called a Rig, which is basically a minning mech that serves as your horse. The lack of 'weapons' on the rig give it a nice twist, reminding me of Pacific Rim in that you'll be slugging it out mono eh akrid quite often as you explore the surface of E.D.N. III...oh yeah that's right, the game is somewhat open world.Somewhat of an open world in that you can go back and visit the areas you've already been to, usually to fight the same enemies that were there the first time, and usually just drain a T-Post of it's precious T-Energy, only to return back to base, go back onto the main path for the next story mission, or to go after your next side mission, because yes you can have side missions (though there isn't all that many of them that you can get at once). After completing your side missions, main mission, or killing spree on Akrid, you can return to base to spend that money on character upgrades, new guns, upgrades for your guns, speciality ammo, or to buy specialized components to upgrade your rig, probably because you passed up most of the ones scattered across the game. So there's that.Finally there is the main campaign, which I think is the best of the three, though before you play you might want to go and catch up on the plot of Lost Planet: Extreme Conditions, since this game is the prequel to, as well as other things that I don't want to spoil. With a solid narrative, though somewhat repetitive at times, with atypical missions, predictable boss fights, and mechanics that aren't really all that and a bag of chips.That being said, I liked the game, a lot, since I loved the first two, it offers a really solid campaign that sets up the scene for the first two, with some good characters, some new mechanic twists, and a lovely setting that makes me feel like a pioneering colonist, or badass frontier mechanic, fighting waves of Akrid that really serves to fulfill my Starship Trooper fantasy while trying to colonize a new world. I'd recommend this game to any fan of the series, or enjoys this type of genre, or even for someone looking for something 'new' since the game is relatively cheap now, and has more pro's than con's."
76561198177686135,Not Recommended,226720,19592908,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,DAS POTATO,"i really want to recomend but every 5 to 45 minutes i get booted tothe title screen with the message ""a sign in change has occured"" and i know its a problem with the game because this is the only game i own that does this."
76561198036150846,Recommended,226720,19541292,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,++<\PÜp3.F4c3.TØm8Ø.ПΩ$/>++,"If you want a slice of life as a ""ranch hand,"" i.e. a space cowboy that drives an unarmed repair mech across frozen tundra and lava fields and is the one everyone looks to when the going gets tough, tough being giant monsters and corporate overlords, then this game is for you. The narrative does a really good job of setting the main characters emotions up as someone working on the frontier light years from home, a person just trying to support his family, rather than being a captain kirk or something that just wouldn't have worked.The third person shooter action isn't half bad, although being a veteran of shooter games, I think I could probably play the whole game through with the default pistol. Yes, that would be my complaint that ammo was far too plentiful and I only used half the weapons that are available in this game because the default weapon is so effective.The mech combat I found at times to be thoroughly awkward, and at those times the cockpot is also locked for your safety, so you have to deal with it.Really what you should play this game for is the story and for that I would recommend it."
76561197971073368,Recommended,226720,19559465,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Chocolate Hobnob,"THis is a good sci-fi yarnIt tries to appeal to your heart and the main character is pretty likeable, despite looking like Nicholas Cage ( the bees!)Started to get a bit dull, then the story picked up and cue some good fights.Not like LP1 or 2, which is probably a good thing.Like Dead Space, but with a cowboy trucker, who's not as miserable as IsaacWorth buying on sale, I can see me playing again further down the line when I'm bored"
,Recommended,226720,19541812,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Child of Carnage,"Not a perfect game, but fun and the story kept me interested. It's very derivative, mostly of Dead Space 3 and Gears of War, but I enjoyed the occasionally frustrating combat. Check it out."
76561198019373741,Not Recommended,226720,19463109,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Norstrom,"Game is just no good for PC controls, wrong keymappings and frustrating movement. Gameplay is very linear and you just have to tap keys at the right moment to accomplish something.   And on top of that instead of buying the good old shotgun I went for the pistol upgrade. Now it takes forever to kill 3 or 4 of that species with the tailstrike ... try agaim.. and again... almost there. Ha finally done, just to arrive at  the next cutscene.6/10 for the nice graphics"
76561198085065553,Recommended,226720,19888996,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,GopherGold,"This game is not without its flaws. However, it is well worth a play-through. I hope that they make another one, to finish the story that they started."
76561198030112311,Recommended,226720,19930552,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Lithas88,it was better than expected u spend atleast 70% of all ur time in the rig aka vs aka gear or whatever u wanna call the big robot thing u drive around in it can do brutal takedowns and u feel so powerfull in that thing! but helpless without it...overall the game feels and plays like it should and no bugs that ive seen so far the only one was like trying to jump over the edge but i had to spam e to do so worked after a few min but hey ive been playing lost planet since it was released and i mean the whole series from 1 to 3 hope a 4 will come out aswell only time will tell normally im skeptic of these cind of games but it was a happy suprise! get this game it will make ur week u will have allot of fun in this game and feel like you are a part of it btw free dlc with uppgraded textures and graphics is a must smooth fps on the highest setting.
76561198062376187,Recommended,226720,24121841,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,LuCiFeR,"Really good story, starts slow but gets pretty good! This game is  pretty generic shooter wise. However, It deserves better reviews than it recieved at launch!"
76561198174952947,Recommended,226720,21513096,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,S.T.A.L.K.E.R.,Good
76561198279211943,Recommended,226720,21621101,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,8293847,flawed but underrated.this game has a solid gameplay that some overrated games dont have.
76561198032402916,Recommended,226720,22135520,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Shockrift,"Eh... having finally gotten to this game I was a little disappointed at how short it was. Didn't try the multiplayer aspect and I think it's safe to assume that it's dead. As closure for this series, I don't think this game really did it justice. The game itself wasn't bad, and I found myself eager to continue through but there was almost no incentive to complete side missions (like the DNA tracker) and the general lack of those available being interesting was enough reason to forget most of it. For instance, in the story you are required to setup a thermal post, and about 2-3 missions later a quest opens up for you to collect the energy (2500) which is a fair amount of currency. However, unless you are buying weapons/upgrades from the quartermaster there is little reason to do this. The ease of defeating enemies makes varying your weapons near pointless....etc.MAYBE it's different on a harder difficulty level and perhaps then the ""incentive"" is there but for me personally unless the game is 30+ hours in length I see no reason to develop the world or my character when I wont be using it for long and can get through with base weapons. Play the game to complete the series, but remember it for what it is, a filler prequel milking off how good LP 1 and 2 was, and enjoy it for a day (or two). Oh did I mention capcom quicktime events (mashing A buttons) abounds? :D"
,Not Recommended,226720,20361973,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,heddge,"Oh wait... is that a lost planet ??where are the vital suits in that story ????!!i've played the whole story waiting for that moment they introduce them...but once the story over, euh...something big is missing !fights are too soft, and what do you have ? a big slow ugly mech without any weapon and crappy armor...so what do you want to do !this game doesn't deserve the title of ""lost planet"" !"
,Not Recommended,226720,20341130,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Cerabus,"Very buggy controls. I spend the better part of 3 hours stuck between a set of crates, no way out. I reset the game, watched Youtube for help, nothing worked.  It has a few other places before that that where also a bit glitchy.  All in all it started out pretty good. The key mapping is screwed, you can't remap the keys and have them actuaully work, they reset back to default, sometimes, sometimes they map to whatever the hell they want and you have to try and find which key.If it was fixed, it would be a great game, but the getting stuck glitch for hours really killed it for me .. i asked for a refund.Oh ,, it also has a habit of resetting back to the start screen every 10 - 15 minutes with a sign in error or something. What sign in ? I had to use steam offline to get it to stop. Totally frustrating."
76561197970496490,Recommended,226720,25221133,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Villnius,"It's an ok game, but it's got some weird and frustrating control anomalies that devs were too lazy to fix.First (and you'll run into this early on) when it says to ""rotate wasd,"" it wants you to repeatedly press the 'F' key.   If you're using a gamepad, it'll tell you to press button 'A' but they mean for you to rotate the left analog stick counter clockwise.Also, if you find your controls sluggish or acting weird, and have something like a cell phone plugged into USB for charging, you might want to unplug it.  You'll need it, because the aiming and movement isn't quite up to modern First person shooter standards.  That's without you handicapping yourself.Other than that, the dialog and acting isn't bad, and for a game, the story's not bad.  As console to PC ports go, this has a lot of polish, which makes the frustrating control issue so glaring.Hopefully you find out about it before in a review like this or on a discussion board before you snap too many keyboards and controllers, or put your fist through the monitor.7/10 - It's not a must have.  It's recommended but with reservations, but it is recommended."
76561198008758950,Recommended,226720,25096673,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Hersir,"A very enjoyable game.The plot, characters, and writing are well done and worth experiencing.Graphics, sound, and atmosphere are great; they really give you a sense of isolation, and a feel for the world.Gameplay is good, combat is smooth, and there is a good selection of weapons and upgrades.  A few weapons are pretty limited in use, but you can swap your loadout at your RIG, so you can always trade that sniper rifle for a shotgun when you're about to explore a cave or base.Combat in your RIG can feel a bit clunky at first, but once you get the hang of it, you will be dismembering giant monsters swiftly and easily.Regardless of what some people say, the cover system works fine (and is explained in-game), and I encountered no difficulty spikes or crashes.Also, the HUD does not ""randomly"" disappear, it is explained in-game (multiple times, in fact) that the HUD only functions within a certain distance of your RIG.The only major flaw with the game, is that one of the button prompts is incorrect!  At various points in the game, you need to turn something with your RIG's claw (a valve, a door lock, etc.); the game tells you to press (WASD on keyboard, ""A"" on Xbox controller), but you actually need to (tap ""F"" on keyboard, rotate the left stick on controller).My only other complaint is that some of the side missions can require a lot of back-tracking, which can get annoying after awhile.Pro:- Good plot and characters- Good graphics and sound- Smooth gameplay and graphics- Able to rip a huge monster limb from limb, using a giant mechCon:- Incorrect button prompt for ""turn claw"" action!- Some side missions require a lot of back-tracking"
,Recommended,226720,25192960,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Cupomaxwell,"Very unlike the first two games of the series this one (as other reviews have stated) is far more story oriented.  Playing this game gave me very familiar vibes to playing the first Darkness game.  There is a wonderful amount of world building and exposition without being annoying.  The game is much slower paced than the previous two as well taking a much more plodding and experience based navigation system.  Teh game is very self contained in smaller mini-maps where exploration is required, between piloting a rig and on foot navigation.  The third-person shooting segments which comprises much of the game is....standard; ultimately there is nothing wrong with the shooting it just doesn't particularly wow in any sense.  In spite of the average on foot gamepaly the story will take you throughout many interesting locales and areas where you will NOT be subjected to pointless fights.  There is fast travel shortly into the story which helps cut down on slow traversal.  The graphics are amazing even today albeit some textures are strangely low (Not so much a hardware hog anymore, but I ran everything at the highest settings).- I enjoy a good story more than multiplayer, fast-action, or innovative gameplay (most of the time).  So if a story is important to you I would reccomend this game HIGHLY.  As a bonus, playing the first two games is not necessary to understand the story in LP3."
76561198013063413,Not Recommended,226720,25159224,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Bikkel,"This is a pretty bad triple a game. the scenery is nice and the utility rig looks cool but the actual gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥Every task you need to do with the rig is actually a simple quick time event to keep pressing f of some kindfighting with the rig is like the worst melee combat expereince you have ever hadIt suggests searching for extra stuff int he levels but the level design is so linear you really can;t do any exploringthe qte things on screen don;t always match the buttons you have to pressautosaves are done at the worst possible time (for example it autosaved while I was gettign attacked by 3 enemies and now it loads and I die immediatly)al the button assignmnets are really stupid, E to open door and the P to pickup and item. Which is really crappy when you have to do this in real time in a fight to pickup ammo.I have had 2 bossbatlles where by pure cosincidence i apparently stood in a specific place where the boss could not hit/even see me (it stops being aggresive and just walks around).The HUB-towns are boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's like they felt they needed to add this because of all the rpg and mmo kind of games also have this, and it is true that it can give an extra dimension. if it's done right. here it does not feel alive at all. This combined with load screen every 100 yeards does or create a very immersive gameworld.Also the missions are really predictable and repetitive, go to place x, surprise the door does not work, the power is out, turn on power go back to door and rinse and repeat..They should have taken the time to polish the gameplay as much as the graphics and than this could have been a very cool game but as it is it feels half-baked and rushed.All in all a really really nicely polished turd."
76561197986158711,Not Recommended,226720,25196620,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,stoner6,"Be prepared to have to exit the game and read on the internet how some things work ingame, because the on screen prompts are NOT THE BUTTONS YOU ACTUALLY NEED TO USE!.  How does this slip past QA?"
76561198071098825,Not Recommended,226720,25085302,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,theCollector™,"No, I do not recommendLost Planet is a great serie but they ran out of the base game too much, trying to inovate in new ways that don't keep the lore from earlier games.Game's community is for sure dead by now.Yes I've played few minuts but had played lots the console version."
,Recommended,226720,25087724,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Flamboyant Douchebaggery,"Snapped up this game on a big sale.  Glad I did!  Definietly worth it on sale and it's fun.  Kind of a mix of different genres.  Sometimes you get the feel of Borderland's 2 Bug Hunt, then you have a Mech vibe (without the weapons).  Then a bit of the ole derelict spaceship horror.  Not a bad mishmash of stuff and a somewhat passable story (if you don't look too close).I wouldn't pay full price though (and neither should you)."
76561198022578635,Recommended,226720,25075980,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,SUPER_KILLER_2016,"A very atmospheric game. Decent story telling, and whole cold-planet-warm-inside-rig atmosphere is amazing."
76561198093482112,Recommended,226720,25078972,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Gangstaw,"I got it on sale at 5€, it took me 11 hours to finish the game and it was amazing, the combat is pretty neat, you have to aim for special spots on tougher enemies, throwing grenades in the mouth of bosses will make the fight easier, you can fight bosses on foot or in your mech, sometimes you have the choice I liked the bossfights a lotThe story is really cool, and the game is kinda based around it, if you see it on sale GET IT"
76561198121534695,Not Recommended,226720,25084291,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Kyo,"Not made for the PC at all, couldn't get past the first 'real' mission cause of an issue."
,Recommended,226720,2379309,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,VoKe #OilMan,dope as ♥♥♥♥ SP brahs
76561198042209305,Recommended,226720,25006794,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ScrubbyBubbles,"(I haven't played this game in 2 years but i'm going to give this review my best shot)WARNING SPOILERS (Kinda)In this game you play as nic cage 20 years from now in the harsh Canadian city of Iquilit. He was given a job offer of being a mech suit warrior who instead of using his really cool mech for fighting in really cool mech battles he mines for literal heat. But the planet of Canada doesn't like that and it gets angry because it's really alive and this is revealed to you by the ""failed"" first generation Canadians who have learned to live in harmony with the unforgiving planet of Canada, you thenJoin the first generation canadiansand start aResistance group to fight back against the mech minersIdk why but this kinda reminds me of actual canadian history"
,Recommended,226720,26704310,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Zhu qian qian's boy friend,"The game's optimization is good, the mission is a bit repetive but ok."
,Recommended,226720,28318733,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SenoCtar,"One word: bugs.Starting with that you might think this is a negative review. But no, that is the only thing that bugged me about this game (pun intended). Sure there are others like repetitive bosses, few interactive NPCs, not so useful weapons etc. (just read the other reviews). But those didn't detract much from enjoying the game.It has a great story and gorgeous landscapes. I didn't mind the walking too much, sometimes I didn't use fast travel just to admire a view again. The action was satisfying enough and relatively diverse, from open fields to caves and buildings.I suppose it depends what are you trying to get out of a game. Either an immersive experience, or fun and challenging action. This game has the former. But the latter isn't abysmal and it's a surprise to find so many negative reviews, at least compared to other games."
76561198104983344,Recommended,226720,28476585,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,great.wyrm.green.dragon,"This ia a fun game with a good story, but it is FULL of gliches.  The last battle at least gliched for me 5 times (boss stopped moving and could not be damaged).  Other boss battles were only in some ways better.  Non-boss battles are fun, and I did not have a any real gliches on these ones.The story is interesting, if not a little too easy to understand the storyline arcs.  Of course, against this idea, is why Jim's niece is in the movie cut scenes since no one knows where she comes from.The mech vs hand-to-hand combat was poorly balanced, but still fun.  It really felt like I was mining for a large corporation, and the backstory's from this type of context surface in the best possible ways.  Watch out for the gliches, and have a great game!!"
76561198009581486,Not Recommended,226720,2582647,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Skanto,"Si pensais sacarle provecho a este juego en el multijugador, olvidaros.. porque los creadores le han quitado la esencia de los 2 anteriores lost planet. No os lo recomiendo."
,Not Recommended,226720,18284970,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,m0phre4k,Got boring real quick...
76561198091731476,Recommended,226720,29099722,Posted: 7 January,all,Shnagy,"I liked the characters especially Dr. Kovac & Gale .. Video clips were a bit out of resolution but game graphics are very good.Fast travel is not really fast and that what bored me from finishing the side quests and ended the game right away.some dialogue and incidents mid game were executed in pretty easy straight forward way without putting some effort behind it.Overall, its worth the money and the time, storyline will get u hooked up."
,Recommended,226720,24073265,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sykres,"This game really fell off the rails of the series... feels very western compared to the first two.  Clunky controls, useless abilities and upgrades, repetitive rehashed fights, quick time events, button mashing... it's pretty bad.  The story is decent, but feels rushed, leaving many plot holes and empty spaces in the story where it seems some scenes were simply left unfinished.  But what is there for a story is good.  The acting was also superb for a video game.  Overall, I only recommend this game for fans of the series who absolutely have to play it... it's bearable."
,Recommended,226720,23866321,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[HTT]Garantine,"Great game, fun prequel to Lost planet!"
,Recommended,226720,24437837,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,GLuKzz,Nice game)
76561198093904877,Recommended,226720,29331638,Posted: 17 January,all,BlueIron,"I enjoyed the campaign. To me, it has better narrative than the previous two entries. Also, having to dispatch giant Akrids using only a utility rig armed with a claw and a drill felt satisfying."
76561198142954124,Recommended,226720,21495864,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dustdevil,Initially I had a negative rating of the game. This was due to log lost usb device( joystick) that had gotten pushed out the way and had a folder leaning on it. Thus providing input and the game screen kept spining.This game is very intertaiinng and engaging. You will enjoy it.
76561198038565448,Recommended,226720,29234441,Posted: 13 January,all,Shade,"Its quite diffrent from erlier LOST PLANET titles but i personaly like this more narrative, space miner approch and i quite liked the atmosphere and such for the first half or so of the game where we was just a grumpy old man, trying to provide for hes family in that nearly isolated and hostile enviroment. probly could have used a bit more ""harsh life out here"" and ""hanging out with the other people stationed here"" moments instead of time skipping alot to build more into that,As a bonus, the mining rig get a defaut playlist thats mostly sounds like some old western gold digger songs to me, but it also picks up playlists saved on you computer (if they dont appear, look at a guide or google around abit) so now the grumpy old man is fighting giant alien monsters in hes mech-type rig while blasting anime music ... and the atmoshpere is completely changed.... or just gone.. yeah .........."
76561198010690535,Recommended,226720,29226524,Posted: 13 January,all,Althéos,"Guys, you play as Nicolas Cage shooting aliens. What else do you need in a game."
,Recommended,226720,35283102,Posted: 28 September,all,"Akydyr, The Blue Flame","Honestly I loved it so much I only really bought the game for Single-Player and it was so amazing to play, I loved the mechanics of the game. Fighting Akrid almost all the time, And even fighting Cat-L or bigger Akrid in the Rig was an awesome, That first person view was an unexpected touch! but never the less it was so fun! I really hoipe Lost Planet 4 comes and I hope It's similiar, The only thing I realy disliked the most was getting around seemed a bit slow, I also really loved the idea of playing your own music while in the Rig, I wish that option was available through out the whole game rather then having it temporarily disabled at most parts. Other things I enjoyed through the game wereThe storyThe design of the akridThe EnvironmentThe weaponsThe musicThe little cinematics of things that Jim was doing in his Rig while he was waiting or boredThe cinematicsAnd a few other thingsThis game is a solid 10/10 for me"
76561198073659123,Recommended,226720,35252209,Posted: 27 September,all,DEFCON 1,"Personally I can understand some of the hate this game got.  The only thing it has in common with the previous Lost Planets is the setting.  Everything else is different.  Nice to see them actually put effort into the story though, the last two moved at a breakneck pace, though this one suffers the same fate near the end where it rockets to a conclusion.  Overall though, I'd recommend this."
76561198005067176,Recommended,226720,35399702,Posted: 1 October,all,cantremember_1,"I loved this game! The time isn't reflected correctly (had internet issues for a long time, maybe that's why?), but I played through it 3 times already and loved it every time. Not quite like the first two, but definitely a keeper!"
