user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198006986278,Not Recommended,226860,15848816,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Bored Peon,"I can not currently recommend this game for the full $50 price. Maybe later when the price drops or some patches come out to fix some things.There is just some real irritating flaws in the game that when combined with the other problems drop the game down the the blah level. Most could be fixed easily. Two and five probably will never change which is what will keep this game not much above the blah level.1. Capitals on a planet, The AI places them at random wherever it wants. Considering capitals give bonuses to surrounding buildings it makes a big difference on where it was placed. It seems to me that if I find an unsettled planet I should be able to choose the location of the capital. So because the AI chose a dumb spot for a capital you lose those bonuses because they go to waste. The best example would be if hexes were about the size of Australia and you were to colonize a planet with land masses like Earth, why would you place your capital in Australia and forfeit all bonuses?2. No retreat option for combat. Similar games (Master of Orion and Endless Space) at least gave you the option to retreat during combat, meaning you could take some damage and/or losses but at least have a chance to run away. So later in game if the enemy is bigger and faster then you do not stand a chance of getting away. At that point you might as well concede the game. Simply because a fleet can attack as many times as it has movement points.3. You can draw production in a shipyard from multiple planets over long distances to build colony ships, but somehow people just can not make that same trip. Yet these same people are going to climb into that ship you just built and travel ten times that same distance. So now you have to waste multiple turns just putting people into your colony ship.4. Technology specialization. What was the point in this feature? The specialization technologies can traded and you can find the specialized in anomalies. Which if you receive a tech you have no made a choice, you lose that choice. So if you wanted to specialize in a certain bonus, but a friendly AI gives you a different specialization tech, then maybe next game, unless you get lucky and find another AI to trade for it. The fact that you lose your choice of specialization is extremely lame. Never mind how it can get exploited in multiplayer.5. Battles are either ""quick result"" or ""watch battle"" meaning you have zero control on that battle. All of the battle tactics are based on what job tags you gave the ships in your fleet. Which means no singling out a target to kill first. The battles for the most part are not worth watching anyways because either option is going to give you the same outcome.6. Construction ships and using the station option to call for one. Someone had a great idea to be able to have a space station go ""Hey I need a construction drone to build another module"" and you click that button. Then a construction drone will be built and sent to that station. Sounds cool right? Real cool up to the point that this feature will clear any orders an existing drone currently has. So if you manually sent a drone to build a new station, it wont reach it. So that means you have to wait to use this feature until your manual drone is done. This feature will clear orders a drone already has, but will not clear guard or sentry, so makign them in advance and planning on using this feature does not work.7. Excess research and production is lost. When the game calculates the end of a turn if it finishes building or researching something any points over that mark are NOT carried to the next project, the points are just gone. This just seems to make the game drag on and it also makes specialized manufacturing planets nearly pointless because so much can go to waste.8. Ship designer spamming designs. Whenever you get new technologies the ship designer will spit out new ships designs, which later in the game leads to having way too many designs to sort through. Stardock solved this in previous versions and other games by adding a feature able to turn off the auto-designer. Considering that feature exists in multiple other Stardock games the feature should exist here.9. Cultural expansion is ridiculous. It expands faster than you can explore early on. If you never explored it then how is your culture affecting it? About equal to the Roman Empire holding cultural sway over North America before they even knew it existed. The only way to catch up later is you disposable scouts with stacks of engines, lifesupport, and scanners which is about mid game. Since I have only played insane maps, then smaller maps probably run a higher chance of culture flipping.10. Rush production is really flawed. If you rush a production in queue then no other production points are gained from that planet or shipyard for that turn. On top of that rushing production is a set amount, even if you have the production item almost complete.11. The pirates are pointless. Four hundred turns in on a insane map size and I am discovering the same low tech pirates that were encounted in the first dozen turns. This makes them nothing but a nuisance, one that apparently the AI ignores. Not even sure if they attack the AI or not because the pirates will not attack anything stronger than them. So basically then end up as nothing but clutter to make your end turn processing longer.These are the just the basic things I can think of that should have been ironed out during the beta.Now for the technical aspects.1. The sound for cut scene movies. Apparently someone forgot to include cut scene movie volume with the sound options in the game. So it just comes out as a bunch of mumbling.2. End of turn processing on large map. This is really what kills the gaming mood. I made it up to around 400 turns on an insane map before it was just too ridiculous to play. The time to process became about 2-3 minutes a turn, which really sucks if the only thing you do on your turn is spend a few seconds to click next turn.The other issue is every time the end turn process it kicks in all the fans in my computer into overdrive just to keep up with the processing. Meanwhile you can not touch much with getting the ""not responding error"" from Windows. Which by the way if you are seeing that blue circle between turns, it aint a Stardock logo thing, that is Windows saying ""hey this program aint responding."" Which leads me to wonder if running the game is really good for the computer.3. Ship designer, great feature (seriously.) One tip though, you might want to save your game before using it. Otherwise you could be sent back to your last autosave it decides to crash.4.  I received the achievement for the completing the first part of the campaign game simply by clicking to start it. Sounds petty and nitpicking, but think about it for a moment. That is really sloppy coding and testing. Where else in making the game were they sloppy? I think the first patch today fixed this along with a dozen other achievements, which basically proved my point.5. After about 200 turns the text on the UI starts disappearing. Which is really annoying with diplomacy options.I was one of those customers burned years ago by Stardock with Elemental: War of Magic. This release reeks of the same issues. The whole ""release it and patch it later"" attitude. About the same effect as buying an early access game when they are on the .8x builds.So in short, if you are on the fence on buying this, let me knock you off it. Wait and watch, in the mean time take a browse through the forums. Sure in six months of patch it might be a decent game, but news flash I doubt it will still be $50 price tag on it.If you are mainly thinking about the game mainly because of the ship editor then do yourself a favor and go find a free 3d animation program like Blender and learn something in the process."
76561198020816542,Not Recommended,226860,29099157,Posted: 7 January,all,Braxtil,"I put a couple of hundred hours into this game right after it came out. It was way too easy then, and I lost interest after a few games.I tried it again after the 1.9 update. The good news? The AI is vastly improved and occasionally competitive even on normal difficulty.The bad news? Bugs, bugs, and more bugs. The game hangs constantly. You can't always click on certain things without following elaborate work-arounds. Dialog boxes get hidden behind other boxes. Some dialog boxes open and close so fast they're unreadable. Settings for starbases and shipyards change for no discernable reason.My rule is this: I'll forgive a few bugs unless you're putting out paid DLC. If you've got time to work on paid DLC but aren't making sure the basic product is high quality, then you've got ethical issues as a game company. Developers seem to think that killing bugs isn't as profitable as DLC. I bet they're wrong. I can afford to buy all the DLC for GC3, and I would if it were working properly. Stardock is also quickly becoming one of my 'never buy' companies along with the likes of Paradox. If you put out enough bad product, eventually your reputation will catch up with you. Not recommended.p.s. I'm playing on a 2-week-old Windows 10 gaming desktop. If it won't run well on this, it won't run well on anything.Edit 2/20: I'm trying it again on v2.0. They still haven't fixed the bug that causes dialog boxes to occasionally open behind other screens. Or the bug that makes dialog boxes flash past too fast to read. Or the bug that makes some items in various lists unclickable. But I hear they're working on some kind of new #%@# DLC!Edit 2/23: I just got the bug where the game hangs. So they went from 1.9 to 2.0 without fixing a SINGLE BUG. Pitiful."
,Recommended,226860,15909802,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Serialies,"General features (can be viewed as pros):-Race customization is fairly detailed-Ship designer is good, even better because you can use pre-existing models and modify them to your own tastes-Certain resources are linked to certain celestial bodies eg antimatter surround black holes, elerium in nebulae, etc. So a savvy player, upon seeing a nebula knows to explore it fully incase there is elerium and that a black hole is likely to have some antimatter surrounding it.-powerful resources like antimatter are more limited, but using them is non-destructive so there wont be buyers remorse, ie you'll get the resource back if you destroy the building/ship that uses it. This also allows you to use resources early in buildings tech, and then recycle it when a better option arrives, meaning that a player who can manage his resources well will do better than one who just holds onto resources until a ""top tier"" usage for them is unlocked.-massive maps are possible, so with the right settings it doesnt feel like a ""small"" galaxy or that you're running out of space (until late game)-starbases used intelligently can give an edge at all points in the game, especially economic starbases. eg rather than waste a building slot on your planet to raise approval, just get the approval upgrade on the starbase linked to the planet.-able to finely control research/economy output/dedication on planets individually, but also with the ""govern"" tab you can do this en mass, saving time. Same applys for upgrading ships, etc.-every planet has an event, which some may find annoying, but I think is good, allows you do add a slight layer of uniqueness to each planet as well as develop your ideology.-its actually more beneficial long terms to dabble in all ideologies to some extent, as long as your primary ideology has most points you wont have an ideological shift. This means you dont have to do the unrealistic option (as in some games with ideologies/religions) and devote 100% to an ideology. This also means, if desired, you can play on the basis of the moral choices involved for events/planets and still do OK in terms of ideological benefit (as opposed to number crunching the statistical/numerical benefits for each choice planet, etc)Cons- diplomacy at first seems well developed, but that's only for early game. Late game diplomacy is at best, shallow, at worst, buggy. ""Benevolent"" ideologies seem to hate pragmatic ideologies as much as ""malevolent"" ideologies, which is silly and means that as a pragmatist, you need to kill anyone else who isn't a pragmatist and can only really form alliances with other pragmatists. This makes a diplomacy victory in a large game close to impossible without a decent military (because you need to kill anyone who refuses to ally with you), which means its always going to be predominantly a conquest based game.--continuing on for diplomacy: enemies will gladly colonise planets within starsystems you have partially colonized and there's no warning to tell them to♥♥♥♥♥♥off (as in games like CIV 5), and the same for resources. Early game is basically en-mass resource grab if you dont want to be screwed over mid/late game.-pirates/barbarians in 4X games are normally some kind of great equalizer early game to prevent a military/expansion snowball (eg sins of a solar empire, civ, etc), but in this game they're just annoying and dont do much besides kill the occasional scout. also, AI dont appear to be bothered by pirates, so its just a player handicap.-once you start going balls to the walls crazy large military, the game will start glitching out your ""military power"" parameter, which means for the purposes of diplomacy, one turn later everyone will think you're the weakest, declare war/♥♥♥♥ with you even though you could wipe them out. this also contributes to the impossiblity of a diplomacy victory (without killing loads of people)-terraforming in the incorrect order can cost you between 1-3 tiles per planet, which is a fair amount. eg if you use a higher grade terraformer on a ""easy"" tile, you wont be able to terraform the ""harder"" tiles, as late game you can terraform as many ""easy"" tiles as you like, meaning its better long term to hold off on terraforming until you've researched it fully as it isnt always clear which tiles are ""easy"" or ""hard"".-money is weak, it can take anywhere between 5-15 turns to be able to afford to rush construction (pretty much the only use of money, besides upgrading your military ships) whereas focusing on manufacturing allows you to build anything in 1-3 turns. Basically as long as you break even with your economy, you can just focus on manufacturing and research. Its actually usually better to just decommission old ships and build news ones rather than upgrade them (which will make you bankrupt quick if you have a large army)---In other words with the diplomacy + economy balancing, there is no viable economy based strategy or peaceful based strategy. No matter what, you will always need the strongest military regardless of your intended method of victory (unlike some other 4X games, where you could have an adequate military and with good diplomacy/economy still obtain most victory types you desire). And basically to get the strongest military you need to focus on research and manufacturing.- united galaxies is but a shallow addition to the game, furthermore, if someone ever defies (which is almost always), they are permanently booted, which can lead to the ridiculous situation of having a united galaxy meeting of 2 members, while the other 6-10 races are ""defiant"" (yet have not formed another united galaxies).meh features:-culture. you must have decent culture to stop other races culture from ""flipping"" your planets, it also creates territorial space and (I think) it allows your ships to fly further into enemy space. problem is that if your culture is too strong it flips the planets of other races, including that of your allies. this makes your allies weaker and it entirely possible for them to be wiped off the map (further adding to the difficulty of a diplomacy victory). It also may land you a bunch of crap planets that you dont want to deal with. Fortunately you can give the♥♥♥♥♥♥planets to the minor races (who are immune to culture flipping)note: most of these issues dont apply to multiplayer games, this is predominantly a critique of single player. although culture flipping feature will suck when playing co-op with friends.Do I regret buying the game at full price? a bitam I enjoying the game? yesshould you buy this game full price? only if you plan to win/enjoy by conquest every time or if you only care about multiplayershould you buy this game on discount? yes, if it were at 25% discount it would be a good priceit should be noted that stardock have a good trackrecord for improving/patching their games post release, so I anticipate that some of these issues I have raised will be gone in the future."
,Not Recommended,226860,23697377,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Brigador Merplöf,"I preordered this game, and I wish I hadn't. Returning players will find only disappointment; This game is less feature-complete than pre-expansion GalCiv 2 wass. Repetitive events, no espionage, single-minded AI. Even a year later, it's still plagued with bugs, glaring typos and art assets that seem like placeholders.Stardock have kept their focus on milling out DLC after DLC over solving persistent issues. Some of these cash-in DLC are brazenly based on features which used to be GalCiv/GalCiv 2 gameplay staples. Go play Stellaris instead, or Endless Space."
76561198018973276,Not Recommended,226860,28748118,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ChildofGaia,"This game feels like a pale shadow of GC2. I loved that game. My parents bought a battered copy of the collectors edition for me as a Christmas present many years ago. I remember obsessively reading about the development of the expansions in PC Gamer and I bought all of them on Stardocks unique service (which I haven't used in years). When I saw GC2 on steam, I bought it in a heartbeat and got a good 50hrs of play out of a game I had already played thousands of hours over the course of my childhood. I honestly consider GC2 to be one of the best, if not best, 4x games I have ever played. So it  pains me to say GC3 feels like, in many ways, a step back. It lacks much of the complexity GC2 had at its end of development state. Gone are the unique tech trees and planetary super weapons. I hear asteroid mining has finally been added and the AI has been brought up to a respectable level of quality so thank god for that.Perhaps what irks me the most is the loss of detail and ease of use when it comes to managing your very large empire. GC2 had sliders for everything and a big, in game spreadsheet where you could interact with all your planets without having to view each one. This made playing super large maps very easy and while the new circle slider may look pretty on small maps, it is painful to use when you have 100+ planets under your sway. Then there's the starbase management. This was a problem even in GC2 and you think they'd come up with a solution in all these years.My final gripe is the DLC. Really Stardock? I used to admire you for releasing respectable expansions but this is just pathetic. Lump all those DLCs into one or two expansions packs because the one you have (mercenaries) is paper thin by your own previous standards. I don't understand. Do you guys feel you need more money so you're releasing tidbits of content? If  that's so, why did you almost immediately sell this game at $25? I would have gladly paid $60 if it meant you guys would actually put out meaty expansion packs.So yeah, I don't recommend this game. It looks a little bit prettier than GC2 but is inferior in just about every way to a varying degree. I feel like crying after writing this."
76561198006672799,Not Recommended,226860,17252134,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Hyndis,"At this time I cannot in good conscience recommend this game to anyone except the most die-hard space 4x fans. I want to love the game. I really do. I've played it a lot but most of my time has been bug-fixing. Fixing typos, errors, and what can only be described as sloppiness. It feels like I'm beta-testing a game and trying to patch the game myself. I've tried to push through this, but even ignoring all of the bugs and crashes gameplay itself is shallow. Civ5 has much deeper gameplay. GalCiv3's gameplay is just so simple. When you get down to it, past all of the glitter, it feels almost like a mobile game. There just isn't a lot of depth to the game.If you are a die-hard 4x fan and can't get enough turn based space games, then go for it.The rest of you? Stay far, far away. GalCiv3 in its current state is a bug riddled, bloated, crashy, unstable mess. Expect your game to crash to desktop without any warning or error messages. Fortunately it has autosave, but there are so many stability problems that you're going to need those autosaves.To start with, the positives. The game is gorgeous. It looks so very pretty. The ship designer is amazing. You can design almost any ship you want, anything from an Imperial Star Destroyer to one of Starfleet's finest. The level of customization is immense. The game is also very easy to mod as it is based on xml files, so tinkering is easy. All you need is notepad.Unfortunately I've now finished the list of positive aspects of the game.The game is riddled with typos, both spelling errors visible in the game as well as typos in the xml files that run the game behind the scenes. Research buildings are flagged as factories. Ship blueprints are poorly written, so that ships will be built with the wrong ship modules or missing vital ship modules entirely. This also leads to a very poorly performing AI because it is stuck with the stock ships. You can design your own ships, and by designing a well balanced ship you will be able to smash the AI.To make up for this, at high difficulty levels the AI blatantly cheats. This game doesn't have an advanced AI. Its only made challenging by cheating. The AI ignores fog of war. It gets free production, free money, and free science. Its ships get more range and can install more modules than you. It also outright gets free technology every few turns. It needs all of these things to keep pace with a human player, and even then, the AI isn't much of a challenge except for sheer brute force due to cheating.The AI isn't clever. It appears to pick a random planet to attack. It builds lots of ships and keeps flying it at that planet until it gets lucky. Unfortunately the AI forgets to build any transports on a regular basis, so it has trouble actually capturing planets. Diplomacy with the AI is very limited. You can trade things with the AI and you can declare war/peace with the AI. Thats about it. Want to get one AI to form an alliance with another AI? Can't do it. You can ally with everyone but you cannot broker peace in the galaxy. The AI's diplomacy is also mostly based on power. Do you have the most ships? Everyone loves you. Do you have the weakest fleet out of everyone? Everyone hates you and will declare war on you. Thats about as fancy as the AI gets.The game is immensely bloated. 6gb of RAM isn't recommended. 6gb of RAM is barely the minimum. The game can use upwards of 5gb of RAM just by itself. Windows is going go use anywhere from 2-3gb of RAM. You need at least 6gb of RAM free. Not installed, but free/unused RAM. So you're looking at 10-12 of installed RAM to properly play this game.In terms of visuals the game sure is pretty, but its pretty on par with Civ5. Its a turn based strategy game. However the memory usage far exceeds that of Civ5. Your computer may be able to play Civ5 without a hitch, but its going to crawl on GalCiv3. For some reason the game uses vast amounts of system resources (mostly memory) but it doesn't use them efficiently in an way. Expect your page file to get a lot of work. Your virtual memory is just a swap file on your hard drive. This file is going to get a ton of usage due to the memory requirements for this game. Hard drives are very slow things and virtual memory is to be avoided at all costs due to its terrible performance. Well, for GalCiv3, thats just what happens. Expect to chug along, especially if you're trying to play on a bigger map.Management of your empire in game is also a chore. It chugs along. There is zero macro-management and zero automation. You have to micromanage every single planet, starbase, fleet, and ship in your empire every turn. On a tiny map its tolerable, but on big maps? Its micro management hell. And its not the fun kind of micro management. Its pure busywork. Its pure tedium. Starbases are particularly bad. They require a staggering degree of babysitting. Even planets, if you have a lot of them, get bad. There is no way to automate any planets in your empire. On a big map you might have dozens or potentially even hundreds of planets on the biggest map size. Every single planet must be manually ordered to do everything. Its just not fun. It is absolutely tedious.That said, negatives aside, the game has a lot of potential, but it feels like I'm playing an early beta build. Its just so rough. The game feels so unfinished. This game is not ready for release yet. Not even close. This is not a finished product nor should it be advertised as one. It hasn't even been optimized yet. It is a bloated, buggy, incomplete mess, but at the same time it is a gem in the rough.Unfortunately gems in the rough aren't worth much. They need to be polished first. GalCiv3 is lacking any and all polish. For comparison, I'd say that Dwarf Fortress has fewer bugs and is more stable than GalCiv3. Dwarf Fortress feels more polished than GalCiv3.Thats right. You heard me right.Dwarf Fortressis a more polished, stable, and bug-free game than GalCiv3.So if you're a die hard 4x fan and want another 4x game regardless of how unfinished it is, by all means, pick up GalCiv3. Just be prepared to forgive a lot of problems with the game. You're going to have to overlook a lot of issues with the game."
76561198030083207,Recommended,226860,13369651,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,drkwood,"I was a huge fan of GC2, and purchased the beta several months ago. While the rollout of the beta updates has been slower than I would like, the game is finally at a point where it is playable. It still needs a lot of work and a significant ramp-up of the AI, but I am starting to see the game take the shape I was hoping it would.Note that I have played every AI difficultly so far.Feedback for the designers:- The game engine is running well. I rarely see a point where it is just sitting there processing something or slow/clipping. Keep up the good work as everything is added in!- Have the AI place a higher price on their ships. I am able to trade for a enemy ship with cash only and pay FAR less than it would cost me to rush production. The price for a trade or a rush should be a lot closer. This is most evident in the initial survey ship. I find it hilarious that I can quick research Universal Translator and immediately buy everyone else's survey ship by trading open borders and a small amount of cash, leaving all anomylies on the map to me only (which pays back that cash VERY quickly, not to mention the awesome bonuses).- The price they place on their starbases is more appropriate than the ships, but could also be raised a bit (especially mid-to-late game).- Have the AI be more effective when trading techs with each other, and come to the human player with trading opportunities. It is almost laughable that I can ""make the rounds"" in the diplomacy window every 25 or 30 turns, only trade one of my techs, re-trade everyone else, and end up so far ahead in tech, cash, and ships as a result.- The Ultra-Terraformer is TOO EPIC! If it is that powerful it should cost a lot more of research or the AI should place a lot higher value on that line of research. So far, I have been able to ping-pong back and forth between manufacturing and research techs (keeping tech pace with the other races through trading), then start researching the terraforming line once the majority of my planets have built the majority of their buildings. Once I get to Ultra-Terraformer, the game is essentially over because I am able to build top-tier ships in a single turn due to the manufacturing adjacency bonuses. Another example is that with only 2 economic-centric planets I was able to get a per-turn income of 8K just from those 2 planets; no more need to trade techs...just buy them from the other races!- I'm not certain how the Hyperion Shrinker actually works. The ship designer doesn't allow me to build a design specific to a shipyard (that I can tell), and the help text on the Shrinker seems to indicate that it only affects the shipyard the planet is sponsoring. Am I able to fit in more ship components on my Shrinker planet somehow? Or is the help text just wrong and it actually applies globally?- I have run into many crashes, which have mostly been a result of me trying to perform operations too quickly or taking actions while a turn was running. I assume that these crashes are reported to you automatically, but might it help if you pop'd up a message window on crash where I could explain what I was doing? In many cases, I could almost write the bug report for you because by the 2nd or 3rd crash repeat (loading from autosave) I have a very good idea of what type of (if not the exact repeatable) action that I know caused the crash.- After playing around with the various ""Rare, Uncommon, Common, Abundant"" settings, I am a bit confused by how the map creator determines what is actually generated. It would be great if you could provide an approximate number of black holes, stars, planets, ratio of habitable planets, etc on the game creation screen so that I could adjust the dropdowns so that the map is created how I expect. My personal ideal map for small and medium sizes consists of 2-3 habitable star systems per race which contain a total of 4-5 habitable planets within the system group. So for 6 players I would want between 12-18 stars with habitable planets and 24-30 habitable planets spread amongst them, but I am having trouble determining how to get the generator to actually create that consistently."
76561197961196496,Recommended,226860,29507988,Posted: 26 January,all,coordi,"Lets take the rose tinted nostalgia glasses off for a moment and really address the issue most negative reviews try to bring up about GalCiv3.  ""This is a pale comparison to GalCiv2"".  Gal Civ 3 is better in 95% of the game than Gal Civ 2 was.  Its bigger, looks better, has the massive majority of the same mechanics, and offers some new things as well.  I was playing GC2 literally up until the point that GC3 became available to me so I have a pretty good frame of comparison for the two.  GC2 was an amazing game, 10 years ago that is.  I haven't noticed any bugs, never had any crashes, and often play very long games on the most massive of maps.  Is the game perfect?  Absolutely not.  There are a few frustrating mechanics, the UI isn't as intuitive as it could be.  I felt like the star base mechanic wasn't fully realized.  Do these small problems make it worse than GC2?  Absolutely not.  Play 10 hours of GC2 and you will be able to jump into GC3 and know exactly what to do.  Its an upgrade of almost the same game.  Its weird when a bunch of 26 year olds can't understand why a game doesn't engage them the same way it did when they were 16.  Well you've changed a lot since then, your mind doesn't allow that same kind of wonderment due to the endless amounts of stimulation.  There are a lot of reasons people look back on the past as being better than it really was.GC3 is a great 4x space game and a pretty big improvement over GC2, despite what nostalgia laced fan boys might want you to believe."
,Recommended,226860,11777515,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Waddles the Pig,"When is beta a beta?When about half of the UI buttons are greyed-out and read ""COMING SOON"" and your game ismissing one of its' major mechanics(the Diplomacy in its' entirety)... Yeah, I'm sorry Stardock, but you don't get to call your game a ""beta"" yet. Late-alpha at most. Certainly nowhere near beta.When the chance of getting the game running off the bat is something of a 50-50 due to a graphical bug that can render all UI text invisible,you're not a beta.Now, I only recently got into the Gal Civs 3 ""beta"" but from what I've gathered on the game's forum, that little issue has been around since the last apha build. So there's that to look forward to if you just got the game.The issue's ""easily averted"" by telling the game to not use your dedicated graphics card. And once you're past that, well then- Welcome to Gal Civs 3: COMING SOON. Ok, I won't rip on an Early Access game for not having all its' features present. But really?""Beta"" implies you're ""feature-complete"". I.e- you've implemented all of the major mechanics and features you intend for your game and are balancing and tweaking them for best effect, along with dusting for the odd bug.The current state of the Gal Civs 3 ""Beta 1"" is missing all sorts of features. From tactical combat to the above-mentioned Diplomacy mechanic. Instead, once you meet another faction you're immediately considered ""at war forever"", which makes playing against more than one opponent tricky at best since they will all kinda gang-up on you. Even if they them selves are technically at war with eachother, the AI will much prefer targeting your ships and colonies over other factions'.Targeting ships and other stellar... targets (wow, such vocabulary) in itself is kind of underwhelming since fleets in themselves aren't really a thing yet either. Meaning most of the combat will involve single ships. Winners are auto-determined by a stat-check and apparently nobody bothered telling captains that retreat is an option.The game also seems to have a hard time letting go of its' pre-made ship designs. It generates a ""new version"" of the stock designs every time you unlock a new technology (even if it had nothing to do with spaceships). What's either sadder or funnier about it (also irritating) is that they're not even slightly different than the previous version it gave you. Unless you've unlocked a new module, that Corvette M1459 will be the same as the Corvette M1458. It just adds the next number up after the name of the design. No, game... I know you spent many a sleepless night over those blueprints but why would I use designs that are inferior to the ones I come up with. That and mine are inspired by Star Trek... Yours look good and all, but again... Star. Trek. (I mean the designer literally has all the parts you need to make your own TOS Enterprise or TNG Warbird.)Speaking of the ship designer. Who's the genious that made the background pitch black and then gave the parts' no lighting effects when viewed from below? I already wear glasses. You're not helping, game... The camera controls are also glitchy at times and somewhat frustrating, but that can be deat with. The designer also fails to tell you what direction is forward. Or to give you a unified indication of which direction you're augmenting a part (dimensionsarerelative in space). So if you ever wanted to see how the USS Enterprise moves in reverse... You can do that...Other than that, I don't have any major complaints. Some part models are missing thumbnails and the player-made ships don't have thumbnails as well, but at this time, that's a non-issue.The designer is really impressive, quirks aside. Other ""reviewers"" compare it to the Spore one, since I'm guessing the one from Gal Civs 2 is before their time. But to compare it to its' past iterration would be like comparing a crossbow and a rifle.Although notthatgraphically advanced, the fidelity of the game's textures is impressive. I can see why they're going for the whole ""64-bit development only"". And both the devs and I do mean it-if you're hoping to somehow frankenstein this on a 32-bit machine- forget it, the warning at the top of the Steam page is there for a reason. Even the smallest maps available are quite big and the game renderseverythingat all times. Ship icons on the map are the fully-rendered model of the ship in question, rendered to its' fullest. There can be a dozen black holes on the map, all animated and spinning at all times, as well as stars with planets and moons; and although planets don't spin around their suns (yet?), the moons do. There's also nebulae, dust clouds and asteroid fields, as well as randomly generated wormholes that can be used as shortcuts around the map (if you don't mind not knowing where you'll end up). And everything's always on. For all factions. The game doesn't drop a single model off memory.Which means that A) It runs like a truck. Alt-Tabbing is guresome, albeit not impossible, even when running it in a window. Loading times are also a pain. With optimisation it's probably gonna get better. But then again B) The actual in-game response is really nice. Once everything's been loaded at least once, the only long waits you're gonna have are if you're loading between multiple saves. You'll still get the odd stutter but that's usually when the game autosaves and takes only a second.The technology and ideology trees are vast. Really, really vast. If you thought the ""tech-web"" from the upcoming Civ: Beyond Earth was staggering... This might just one-up it. While not an ""interconnecting web with randomised technologies"" and still sticking to the tried-and-true linear tree, each faction gets its' own, separate, technologies with different benefits, increasing the variety available to the player. The whole ""age of expansion, war and ascention"" thing means that at certain times, different techs will cost more or less turns, depending on what tree they're from. Since the ages actually progress as you research technologies under them, it also means that you can't actually research every single technology (as far as I can assume, haven't gotten to the end yet; will change as I do).The ideology system is equally interesting, albeit as of yet not fully-featured. As you colonise worlds you'll get events with a Pragmatic, Benevolent or Merciless resolution. Each adding to a pool of points you can spend towards some form of passive benefit. That's pretty much all there's to it right now but I'm intrigued at how they advance this feature.And that sums it up, for now. The AI is from what I can tell limited to ""expand as much as possible and produce as many ships as possible"" which usually means they have control of about half the map by the time you encounter them and from then-on you get regularly assaulted by the stock ""bomber"" ships of the faction of your choosing, only later, and then still rarely, being ""graced"" by a larger vessel's incursion. Imagine someone releasing a swarm of mosquitoes that only comes in small waves and you have a bug-zapper and infinite supply of repellant. Not really a challenge unless on higher difficulties but I'm expecting that to change once they add Diplomacy and fully-feature the tactical combat.Other than that, I have nothing else to say about the Galactic Civilisations 3 ""Beta"".Due to Steam insisting on the ""yay-or-nay"" system, I'm going to ""thumb up"" this just because I have faith in the franchise.However. I will insist on what I said in the begining. A ""beta"" is ""feature-complete"" and Gal Civs 3 is anything but that. Do not buy into it at its' current version (""Beta 1""/Ver 0.40) unless you're absolutely OK with not having a fully-featured game. As a long-stanging Kerbal Space Program fan, I can deal with that. But you need to answer that question for yourself. Think before you buy.Addendum: I would strongly recommend the opt-in patch."
76561198055465362,Not Recommended,226860,19888166,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Shameless_James,"I have 111 hours on record as of this review, so I have played it a bit.Now, I'm sure whomever is reading this is looking at those who do not recommend the game, and take their criticism into effect when committing to purchasing a game. I do that as well. When I say I would not recommend this game, it is not because it is not a good, or even great, game. I absolutely love it. However, this is not a game for everyone. This is not a game most of my gamer friends could get behind, even those who love strategy games. It is far too...exotic, that it almost feels like it strives for a niche market instead of a mainstream game. Thus, I would not 'recommend' it. But, if you are reading this, then you have interest in 4x, grand strategy, or at least some form of strategy games. And in that regard, consider it, at the least. It is one of the most intricate and complicated strategy games I have ever played, from Warcraft to Total War. But I do not recommend it for the following reasons.1) This game is hard to learn. Or at least quickly. My first few playthroughs on the campaign, I was always beaten, and on a custom game, I was crushed. The learning curve is brutal. It was very oppressing to have enemies invading you with these advanced ships, or with many times your own fleet, because you don't understand the minute specifics of the game. Once you grasp it, it becomes SIGNIFICANTLY easier. But for those whom do not have the patience to learn it, or are just not willing to reduce themselves to learning strategies online, this game will likely disappoint.2) The A.I. is far too predictable. Now, perhaps it is simply me, but after a few playthroughs, each race had a fairly predictable course of technology and action. Some focused on creating a tremendous amount of influence to make others not hate them, some tried to be great merchants and sell and buy everything, some tried to bully their way into everything. It eventually comes to a point where the game is far more interesting to craft races to combat.3) Military might is overpowered. Now, I understand why, at least a bit. However, those races that choose the malevolent path, and focus on building the power and size of their fleets, will utterly crush the opposition. Playing on the largest map setting, by the time I had started exploring the galaxy, I found that those who were invading conquerers were plentiful compared to the other paths, as they did not have the means to survive their enemies. This could be overcome by enemies that split their focus a bit, and researched technologies in other trees, but for the most part, opponent A.I. is very singleminded, and thus, only the strong-minded survive."
,Not Recommended,226860,15866487,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Probe1,Don't bother until a price cut and inevitable DLC.Poor job Stardock.  Very poor job.  I'm enjoying it because I love Galactic Civilization 2.  I'm winning on my first game because I know how to play Galactic Civilization 2..  It's the same freaking game just with a 3 on the end.Why is there no innovation?  Why am I paying $50 for a game that has no significant improvements from Galciv 2?   Why are things that were IN galciv 2 missing if it was supposed to be a faithful sequel?You had ten years and you rehashed the last game pretty faithfully.  Well rehash isn't the right word.  You released the same game with glaring holes for dlc to fit in.  Where's the experience system for ships or espionage?   Less races to pick from.  Half the things like ship designer are mostly cut and paste from galciv 2.  Why can't I set taxes?They missed so many opportunities and offered in most ways an identical game with some parts cut out.
76561197970934833,Recommended,226860,17038161,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,0ps,"As it is with all 4x titles that become great the first is always lacking. It should undoubtly get better with expansions however it will take time as it did with civilization 5.Currently, I don't think its worth the full price but if it's on sale its worth it, party because it's the only ""next gen"" true space 4x out there.Pros-4x as you would expect it-multiple tech trees-custom races-awesome ship builderCons-you need a decent computer, and NEED 8GB of ram-Lacking in many mechanics-no unit experience-no government mechanic-descriptions are vague, finding detailed information is difficult"
76561198022343050,Not Recommended,226860,18153322,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Harlock,"I loved Gal Civ 2, and have played if vanilla or modded well over 100 hours. I had (and still have) high hopes for this game, bought into the prerelease and followed its development. I'm a fan of Stardock, and have often suggested their apps to clients in my PC repair work.This game takes the overall Galciv formula, which is an amazing take on 4X allowing both depth, as well as intuitive/satisfying gameplay. The reason that this series is one of the best 4X Space games around is that it gives a wide range of customization, with very little micromanagement.Gal Civ 3 brings in a bunch of great new features such as off-planet shipyards, specialized ship components, some improved game customization, and the much needed new pile of content for those like myself who have burned themselves out on the wonderful universe of Gal Civ 2.I really love the on-planet adjacent tile bonuses, and the strategic resources. Strategic resources add a whole new realm of combat, fighting over otherwise empty systems and giving you some great design choices to buffer against research lag (Building a few ships utilizing special mass drivers and elerium beams saved me from a race that suddenly appeared equipped with advanced missile defense technology after I sunk all my research down that weapon route; giving players more tactical options like this really gives the gameplay some depth).There are quite a few changes that I don't agree with, but I think have some merit and can develop into improvements in the long run: The replacement of world projects with luxury resources, ship defenses decreasing when used instead of applying against every attack, the new research screen (thank goodness you can still switch over to the standard tree view). I also miss the space station appearance changes as you upgrade them (they persist in this version for only the first few upgrades, after which you are stuck with a very generic looking station).On the subject of space stations, the military one is seriously nerfed in Gal Civ 3. Whereas before they were incredibly helpful fortresses to build around your most integral planets, now they really just provide minor buffs. They’ll tip the scales but by no means serve as the your defense forces’ fulcrums any longer.I have a few minor gripes such as where did the AI personality go? The only messages I get in game are the generic “You’re a noob to have so few warships. I’m going to eat your parents!” messages when my ship count is low, or the “Yeah I’m going to invade you now, l8r” transmissions. I’d love to see some more personality in the AI scripts that split them apart a bit, and maybe even some storyline/quest like communications that can be thrown in.One other minor bug is that whenever I exit the game I have to go into task manager and kill every process that doesn’t look normal to get my computer to run at anywhere near modern computer speeds (Some component seems to glitch out and take up tons of resources but does not show up in procmon).Two major areas are killing this game though-1.	A vast number of features that have simply been stripped in this iteration, including several that had previously been the source of much of the games charm. Where is asteroid mining, ship leveling, espionage, the charts screen, civilization party elections.The Tech tree has been cut down SEVERELY. The nebulous tech tree in Gal Civ 2, with its charming comedic wit has been reduced to a very simple and limited version with much drier text. The lack of witty or even useful descriptions and tooltips throughout make the whole game seem much more sterile and flat.2. The MASSIVE Battle Results bug. So the battle viewer doesn't work well to begin with, cinematic view just sits there doing nothing, but the real issue is that battles that you watch seldom actually turn out the way they are displayed.For example you have a fleet of four ships, so does the enemy. They start pounding away at each other, and half of their ships get stuck at 0HP, but are still firing away, well no big deal because it glitches for your ships too sometimes, maybe it evens out. Get to the end of the battle, you lost two ships while the enemy lost all four, *whew* tough battle, click ""OK"". It cuts back to the galactic map and what do you know the enemy has two ships that survived and your whole fleet has been destroyed. This occurs in my games in about 50% of all battles, and 9 times out of 10 to my detriment.Because it often works against the player I think the problem may be with some of the new ship components such as weapons rechargers that make your guns shoot faster but do less damage, or maneuvering jets that get you in range of the enemy quicker and allow you to dodge a few of their shots. My guess is these new components work correctly in the viewer, but the actual battle results use a different equation solely based upon weapon and defense numbers. The AI doesn't use these components much.As it is, this a game breaker. Playing in pre-release with no battle-viewer was boring but acceptable for pre-release. This now working (kinda) version does nothing but add frustration, and if my hypothesis concerning new components not working in battle is true the situation is even worse since the new ship components are one of Gal Civ 3's few major pluses over its predecessors.I hope they continue to flesh out this iteration. The game engine, though a bit glitchy and poorly optimized (jump from one side of the galaxy to the other on a large map and the game hangs for a good 15 seconds) seems remarkably versatile. I think there is some great potential here, and I look forward to some improvements.As it stands if asked if you should purchase this game I’d be split 50/50 at full price, but I would say definitely get it if they fix the battle results bug. Until they do I cannot justify the purchase unless it’s on sale."
76561198001182793,Not Recommended,226860,16786900,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,SwordBreaker,"What I see is a weird mix of polish and missing features.I can almost hear the following discussion: ""Well it's clear we can't finish everything properly for the release so- what's near completion should be polished- what's not ready but is part of the basics should be made to work somehow and fixed later- all the other stuff we wanted to put in the initial game but did not have time should go to the planned expansions""I'm almost certain that after all the patches and expansions have been released it will be a good game. However at this time - playing this game feels like doing chores ... the hard way rather than having fun.This whole ""Sell it now fix it later"" mindset is ruining so many games that could have been great ... and our wallets are the victims."
,Recommended,226860,14678716,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,krizcillz,"First things first - this game is in BETA.That means it is not finished, and therefore an objective review is not possible.If you're going to base your opinions of a game on reviews of unfinished material then you'd might as well go home now.On to business, I'm writing this to provide a more objective review than the wave of negativity.The state of the game at time of writing is one in which the basic functionality works, but not everything is implemented.  If you'd like to try this game do so with the knowledge that features may be missing or not working yet.Overall impressions are good - the game feels identical to the previous installment and yet brings with it new mechanics and features which greatly improve upon it.I was skeptical at first as a big fan of the previous game, and the genre in general.In the early days I would tend to agree with some of these negative reviews, lots of bugs, lots of crashing, lots of lagging - but what do you know, they went and fixed all that (an example of why you should ignore reviews this early on!).Colonies are much easier to manage than they were in the previous game, you simply choose you buildings up front and as you research new techs everything is upgraded for you.There's a nice little feature where colonies can share space ports, allowing you to have (in theory) double the amount of production in that centre.  This is great for players who focus on money, influence or other factors.Starbases aren't finished yet so there is no point in reviewing them.  Same basic mechanics as the last one with the addition of new modules and mining mechanics.Combat is greatly improved, no longer do all of your weapons fire immediately and your mass of lasers simply destroys everything up front.Now weapons have more realistic and varied fire rates, which can be modified by ship modules and research to customise your ships more (for example, loading lots of rapid fire mods onto powerful missiles).Defence needs a bit of work IMO as defence are quickly worn down by weapons.  Two shots from a laser with 30 damage will take out a ship with 60 shields.  Sounds sensible, but there's nothing to stop you loading dozens of fighters with huge lasers to wipe out capital ships.  Most Space RTS suffer from the same issue, so this is more a personnal bug bear than a problem.Diplomacy is relatively straight forward, what you see is what you get.  Tech, finance and treaty trading.  The UN resolutions add some more dynamics but they soon get old when you realise 90% of them would hinder you...Influence has been improved a lot, now if you occupy a planet deep within another player's influence it will be almost immediately transfered to the other player.  This stops those pesky AIs colonising Mars for no discernable reason!The tech tree is great in this game as you can either research improvements or new techs.  ""Do I really want a new type of laser, or do I want to improve the one I've got?"".  Obviously the answer to this will be ""Eh, I'll take both thanks"" but it's a good start and does much more to change the way you play ""One more tech then I'll make my new ships, promise!"".Ship design has gotten a whole lot easier as internal hardpoints are now hidden, so it's much easier to attach things where you want them than it was before.  Great for creative types.Nothing on planetary invasion yet, so I can't comment here.To sum up it's a good start and definitely work keeping an eye on it.  Unless you're really interested in it's developmet there isn't much point buying it just yet (unless you're keen to get bonus stuff when it comes out like they usually do...).Plenty of +/-ve reviews out there, none are helpful in the slightest at the moment.  Keep watching, keep reading and reserve your judgement until you play it yourself or the full game comes out.Hope this helps clarify what's what objectively at this stage.Oh, the dev team has also been very good in responding to bugs and issues.  I've seen bugs posted fixed within days (may be coincidence, but still!).  Kudos - can't wait to play it."
76561197975384901,Not Recommended,226860,15921059,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,No Name Given,"As of the 1.0.1, the short version is: watch for updates and wait a little before you decide whether to buy this.And the long version:Pros:The general principle of play is sound. It's often indistinguishable from Civilization V, but that's not a bad thing (unless you're paid to judge works on uniqueness.)The depth added by designing our own combat units is interesting and allows for more freedom than other similar games when planning strategy. For example, rather than stumble about blindly or use up mass allowances on combat vessels, you might take a page from modern AEW&C. Or perhaps develop a raider doctrine with long-range, independent vessels capable of hunting alone. Or combine the two and create hunter-killer teams. There's huge potential to evade some of the worst aspects of min-max play in just this one concept.Spaceships!Cons:Rather buggy for a game priced in the AAA range. Not that AAA titles are bug-free at first release, but that doesn't make it less annoying to pay more to buy less quality earlier. The ship designer in particular is a bug-ridden mess. And that's not a small problem for a game with few other reasons to play it over similar titles.The ship designer user experience--bugs withstanding--would have been reasonable ten years ago. Not today; especially with other, cheaper, vehicle building games out there such as Kerbal Space Program. It's so out of line with modern user experience it feels like Stardock is laughing at us. I've little hope this will improve much, as perusing the early access forums reveals players were pointing out some of the current problems long ago.At times, it feels like Civilization V with a different skin; same pleasures, same annoyances. From the direction early game faction scouts and settlers drive play to the over-engineered leader ""discussion/diplomacy"" screens containing dialogue even less relevant than a response from Eliza, it can feel an awful lot like an outside contractor team revamped Civilization V without understanding it--and therefore not knowing how to qualitatively improve it.The user interface glitter and glam leaves the impression the team wanted to match Civilization V dollar for dollar, but ran out of time or money. And that is a shame, because so many great games have shown us glitter, sprinkles, and twirly umbrellas in the user interface don't fundamentally improve the play experience and here that money and time was clearly needed elsewhere, e.g., the help system.The help system. Or lack thereof. A few tutorials that start strong and fizzle out. Little to nothing in-game and no real manual to speak of. This is a game much like chess, where mechanics are made up solely to balance one another and so one's intuition and life experience have nothing to contribute (and folks who paid even slight attention in physics or astrophysics 101 are going to be at a disadvantage.) So direct explanation of mechanics of play is essential, and almost entirely missing. Again, for cheaper titles with established forums and wikis, this is palatable. Not so for a title priced in this range.And, the big problem. The play simply does not balance when playing the largest map sizes. And the largest map sizes are presented as a significant differentiator from other like-minded titles.I hope Stardock builds upon this in the coming months with updates; it's a game I'd love to love. There's a mountain of potential here if they find the budget and courage to come at some of the genre's problems and their solutions with fresh eyes. But, today it's not in the same league as other titles in the same price range nor is does it have the unique personality or creativity of its cheaper, indie brethren.[Updates]I've played around with this a little more. Few more things I've noticed:The opponent AI feels inferior to Civilization V, or even to Eliza. I feel as if I've I've as much chance of calling a random die roll as guessing what an AI-controlled opponent will say or do. Not to mention to the glaring inconsistencies, e.g., declaring war one turn and telling you they'll probably declare war on you the next. There's no sense of connection or rationality.The battle mechanic, or lack of one, is uninteresting, even pointless. You move your ships onto enemy ships (or vice versa) and a seemingly straight calculation is performed to determine the winner. I've tried saving and loading a dozen times before a few close battles and saw zero variation in outcome. Moreover, you have no input on battle tactics other than selecting as part of ship design what role a ship will play, i.e., you fix ship roles before construction. But that's not a real problem: roles are too simplistic to have any profound effect. You cannot call a retreat, ships gain no experience and have nothing to differentiate them from one another. Very like chess, very unlike other modern, deep 4X titles.After a little more play; the feel is even more cardboard, generic, soulless. There's nothing to differentiate it from deeper, more accomplished titles except the concept of a ship designer; and that sabotaged by a poor implementation in comparison to its competitors."
76561197999323421,Not Recommended,226860,23086480,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Lambchap,"If you liked GALCIV 2, play that instead.Fact is, they are playing the same game that Maxis has with the Sims: release the same game with better graphics and dumbed down gameplay, then sell expansions that basically just add in some of the features from the previous games' expansions.The AI is dumb, the gameplay is dumbed down, there are fewer races and special events, there's no choosing a government now, you just upgrade to a better form over time.It's still a fun game, I guess, but the fact that I really wanted to play a space game and couldn't find the email/password to my old stardock account is probably the only reason I got so much mileage out of it.Don't buy it unless it's on sale."
76561198201260646,Recommended,226860,35021042,Posted: 17 September,all,4xstrat,"Hi Everyone,I wrote over a year ago that Stellaris was in my opinion the greatest space strategy game ever created. Not to say I am not a big Gal Civ III fan but at that time I strongly felt it was.After the new update 2.5, I now feel that title has been won and earned by Gal Civ III.Just after playing with the new update for a few hours I can already tell it has finally fixed some of the core issues.Gal civ 3 from what I can see now has:1. Vastly improved diplomatic AI.2. Resource system finally feels balanced. Im really looking forward to seeing how diverse each empire will be as the game progress.3.Grand strategy and overall game depth which I feel Gal Civ 3 now has no real rival.4.Improved overall AI.5. Improved turn time.Now looking at combat yes Stellaris does have real time combat. That being said after playing both games for 2 years now, the Gal Civ combat I feel is overall a more enjoyable experience.Although not real time combat GAl Civ 3 has great cinamatics and balance. Stellaris has ok graphics but the combat model....well I am waiting for the new update to see but it really feels like the whole thing has to be overhauled.I'm gonna post this in the Stellaris discussions. It has a much bigger following thean Gal Civ 3 which well at this point I'm not really sure why other than advertising. I wouldn't say stop playing Stellaris but definately maybe play some GAl Civ 3."
76561198137141425,Not Recommended,226860,23406432,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,kolten.dzuris,"Buy only if you like giving money awayThe base game is bare and not finished, so they keep giving us dlc that adds stuff that should already be in the game. thats fine, alot of games do that but the dlc is over priced for the content they are giving us. They could easily put all the ""dlc"" in one big one and it should cost 25- 30 dollars and that is pushing it. With the price of all the dlc u could by a new game that is finished, and like a year from now you might be able to buy two new games with the price of their ""dlc"" because they still keep giving us more ""dlc"", why do people keep buying their sh*t. i like the game but it got boring fast and it became a money pit, so buy the game or dont, i dont care but i have warned you. MONEY PIT"
76561198026334191,Not Recommended,226860,16439923,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Drgnfyre,"Feels like the game is still in beta.  It's good that they're patching, but their attitude sometimes seems to be 'we're doing you a favor'They're planning their first DLC before the bugs are even worked out.Micro Management Hell in late game - can't keybind very commonly used items.Battle viewer is pointless.Can't turn off animations for battles which really slows things down late conquest game.Pros:  Excellent mod support"
76561197971453430,Not Recommended,226860,23631216,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Drakir,"While I've had some fun with it, I cannot in good faith recommend this game. There are many interesting systems and choices for the player, but there are an unacceptable amount of bugs/blatant mistakes in the game.to give you some examples:-The tech tree is poorly written, it is often difficult to understand what a given tech does.-There are several typos in the tech tree. By typo I mean when an item or tech obviously has the wrong value.-Races and ideologies are not balanced in the least.-The player get to decide how the enemy will prioritize which ships to shoot first (no no that's not a battleship, it's an interceptor, I swear!)Still, if you get it for 10€ and don't expect the pieces to fit together properly it can be good fun."
,Not Recommended,226860,15834656,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,=JAViL15=,"Galactic Civilizations is a classic, and I purchased this game almost immediately while it was in early access. Unfortunately this game has missed the mark, Stardock just didn't do enough with the franchise to give it 'new life', and while some things they did were exceptional (the customization of everything, see below), it has too many negatives to warrent a recommendation, especially for the price of $50, this is not a $50 title.What GalCiv3 did right:- Ship customization is FANTASTIC, they hit the ball out of the park with this one.- Custom race creation and balance is really interesting and in-depth, great stuff.- Custom game setup options are plentiful, letting you tune the game to the experience you want.Areas GalCiv3 falls short:- The Combat animations are bare bones at best, and while this would be bearable (the particle effects are good, as are the ship models which are completely customizable as mentioned above), the camera controls/modes for viewing are beyond poor, the ship pathfinding for movement is really poor (battles just proceed in exactly the same paths again and again) and the space skyboxes are AWFUL. This really lets it down.- As just mentioned the space skyboxes are not very pleasant- The Campaign is not really worth bothering with. It sadly feels like a last minute stitched together skirmish game that unfortunately really doesn't show much love and care.- The User Interface isn't fantastic by any means. While it's not terrible, there are many unnecessary/overly complicated tabs and windows that just don't need to be there. A Perfect example is the comparison between the Research page in this game compared to the Research page in another Stardock (published) title ""Sins of a Solar Empire"", SoaSE does a much better job than this game in terms of UI in areas like that. GalCiv just feels clunky.- No where near enough new content or innovation to make this a worthy successor to GalCiv2. I could have forgiven it if it was an almost PERFECT execution (I adore Homeworld: Remastered, while it does have a few faults, that game is a stunning remake), this game just has so many flaws I just don't get excited when playing it.TL;DR: Customization options are fantastic, but the game just doesnt feel polished. Clunky UI, clunky battle camera, unpleasant skyboxes, campaign is eeeeh and overall just not a worthy sequel to GalCiv 2."
76561197972304610,Recommended,226860,15818721,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,hamilmac,"If you love 4x games, you'll love Galactic Civilizations III.  I'll mention what, for me, makes this game great:* A wicked AI.  Seriously.  I prefer to play 4x games solo.  I need a good AI to keep me challenged and interested.  On the Challenging difficulty setting, the AI expanded at about the same rate I did (sometimes a little faster), kept up with me technologically and economically, even sent warships ahead of its colony ships to clear out pirates so it could colonize worlds before I could.  It designed its warships to counter the strength of my warships (since we shared a border).  It understood the threat when I moved warships close to its border, which affected our diplomatic relations.  And so much more.* The Ship Designer.  No other 4x game (or other game that I know of) gives you so much freedom and control in designing your own ships (if you want to; it has a basic template of ships if you don't).  From a palette of basic ship parts, combined with powerful design and even animation tools, you can create awesome looking ships that actually work and fight in the game.  Yes, weapon, defense, and other components matter in the game and can mean the difference between defeat and victory, but designing my own ships and seeing them in the game is just SO COOL.  I even created a warship that looked like a mythical dragon.* Custom civilizations.  Powerful but simple menus allow you to create your own civilizations quickly, providing many different traits, behaviors, and strategy options.  Ten opponents not enough?  Make 20 more!  Each of them different.  You can even play sandbox games as one of your custom civilizations (which I do).* Modding.  This game is designed with modders in mind.  Don't like something about the game?  Change it!  There is hardly any gameplay aspect of this game you cannot mess with.* Insane map.  I like big maps and I cannot lie.  Okay, not everyone enjoys really big maps with thousands of stars.  But if you do, the insane map is for you.  (Beware that management of your empire can take awhile on a map like this.)There's lots more and I highly recommend this game.  And, Stardock has committed to supporting this game for years to come.  As good as the game is now, it's going to get even better."
76561197970289053,Not Recommended,226860,15863918,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Shepherd,"Not in love with this game at launch.  It's not a bad game.  It just isn't exceptional.  Ship building is bugged currently.  The game itself froze up on me a few times but after a fresh install seemed to run better.  It still stutters at times, even on the small tutorial map.  Combat is uninteresting.  You have no capacity to command your units, not even to flee.  So you send your guys in and hope for the best.  Worse, the combat camera is fairly horrible and you spend a lot of the time listening to battles happening off screen.  It's a bit chaotic.I have read that diplomacy is a greatly improved in this game.  If so I didn't see it.  In the two games I have played so far my allies seemed fairly erratic, almost like a crazy person you find yourself dating after an online hook up.  One minute they threatened to obliterate me for not following their doctrine.  The next minute they are showering me with credits as though they feel badly about how they acted and are desperate for you not to leave them.If there is colony management automation I couldn't find it.  Managing your economy is a matter of moving a slider.  Again, not bad.  Just not interesting.The Universe in the couple of games I have played seems fairly lifeless.  At first black holes look really neat.  But there are no civilian ships to be seen.  No convoys.  Besides some basic animation of a moon orbit or the odd comet it seems like you are looking at a stagnate game board.  Again, not bad per say.  Just not interesting.Towards the end of the games I found myself clicking a lot to just shuffle through turns so I could finally get to the tipping point of overwhelming my enemy.  This involved stripping his final system of defenders and then doing a sort of auto resolution troop invasion.  Then a wall of exposition and a victory screen.  It was around this point that I realized that finishing the game had been more work than actual fun.There may be a solid core of a good game here that can be greatly improved upon with further patches and DLC.  But for $10 more you can buy Distant Worlds Universe.  With a bevy of mods that make it a living breathing universe.  Or just play some Gal Civ 2.  Or Sins of a Solar Empire.  I do not recommend dumping $50 into Gal Civ 3 at present.  It needs a lot of work."
76561198100416408,Not Recommended,226860,16373789,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,christopherxmas,"First off and probably most importantly: The game is about as stable as a house of cards built over a geyser. It took me about two hours of researching to find solutions and playing around with the game's files to finally get it going for that first time. Then, the game continued to crash during play time. So, yet another hour or so of my time to find methods of keeping it running properly. The mothertrucker still crashes to this day at times.That right there costs the game some big points in my esteem. When I pay 50 bucks for your game, it better damn well work the first time I click on it (unless my computer is the problem-- which it was not in this case.)Technical issues aside (as glaring as they are), this is a really lackluster, mediocre game. Nothing special to see here folks.Diplomacy is pretty standard with nothing deep going on there. It's the standard trade agreement that we have already seen in hundreds of such games before (give me this tech for that tech, declare war, etc). The diplomacy system in older games (Alpha Centauri among others) is probably much more complex. If anything, diplomacy is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with the AI factions acting all bi-polar on you. They shower you with praise and credits at one moment, then they declare war two turns later. I enjoyed the quasi-United Nations thing they had going there though (planetary alliance or something). That was a neat highlight.There is no ground combat / planetary invasions - defense game system. It's a very random thing. In most of my playing, taking over a planet is pretty automatic. Very rarely did I need to send in a second wave of invading forces. You don't need to prepare too much in advance. Planets that are outfitted to the wazoo with defensive things still get taken down fairly easy. Honestly, why has no game of this sort not put some thought into the ground game? Look at Emperor of the Fading Suns. There's a great old game that did that in a very fun and engrossing fashion. Seriously, no one has even touched the ground game in years.The space combat is ridiculous. You have zero options or control. Starships fly and charge at each other like cavalry. Once close to the enermy, they then begin to rotate around each other in a dancing fashion and deal their damage. Seeing capital starships fly in circles around one another like fighters in some kind of demented NASCAR dogfight took a lot of punch away from the highlight of the game (starship battles). I found myself skipping the combat scenes pretty early on because A) You can't do anything anyways and the ships are governed by the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cavalry charge tactic. 2) It makes me laugh because it's so off putting... the way the ships dance around each other in a circle.Seriously, give the player some tactical control. Make the game interesting by still having a chance to win even if you're the underdog with the smarter opponent having an edge of some kind.The universe is pretty dead. Ships take forever to get to all the corners of the open space. No jump drives or something that could speed up fleet movement over the map. This isn't even slow burn tension, it's like driving a golf cart for 8 hours.The only thing that I really enjoyed about the game was the custom faction option. I had fun populating my map with Warhammer 40K and Mass Effect inspired races / factions. I played with my own custom made Kilrathi Empire faction. I had more fun creating factions than actually playing the game though.So, no, on the whole, this game isn't worth 50$."
,Not Recommended,226860,23572200,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Ajnin,"50 games started and only 1 actually able to be finished. The rest crashed (or lock up, or become unplayable) long before endgame. They released it way too early, To me, they should still be calling this a Beta. And now, they release v1.8, the game is completely unplayable now.. as soon as I hit the TURN button, the game locks up on turn 1. The Devs are idiots, they fix a couple things and break a hundred others."
76561197999552661,Not Recommended,226860,15834491,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Kagetora,"EDIT: Someone explained that my impression that I could not concentrate production was false, and after checking into it I realized they're right. I also wrote that I couldn't find political parties, but forgot that this came with a diplomatic research option in the previous games as well, so I am retracting that point too.Adding 2 more things I noticed after playing another 1.5 hours today, though.1. The zoom on the minimap seems to reset every turn, so you have to keep changing it to the scale you want.2. Money is not prominently displayed like it used to be, so financial decisions are a bit more of a pain to make.None of the things I'm finding are gamebreaking, and I doubt that I will be posting any more of them here. The point I'm trying to make here is that there shouldn't BE all these little things in a finished product. They should have been caught and fixed in beta. To the individual who thinks I'm ""an old guy""... don't really have an answer. I don't think I'm that old, and I invested hundreds of hours in GalCiv 1 and 2 when I was younger. That was something like 7 years ago.But as for being stuck in another gaming era... perhaps. I remember how I felt when I played GalCiv 1, and what a huge improvement GalCiv 2 was at the time. I just don't feel that GalCiv 3 currently offers any major improvement on GalCiv 2, and it doesn't feel as polished as well.Sorry?-----ORIGINAL REVIEW:I'm a little disappointed, to be honest, that there don't seem to be many reviews that are completely honest about the state of the this game. I love Stardock and the GalCiv franchise, so this negative review is being written out of love, not spite. It isn't a bad game, but it certainly isn't yet what I'd term ""ready for launch.""I'll start with what I've noticed in the first couple hours of playing, so that anyone else who's thinking about shelling out $50 for the game has at least some idea of what's what.1. Battlecam is a mess. In the normal mode, ships eventually fly out of view of the camera during battles and you can't see what's going on. If you switch to free mode, the controls are so sensitive that the slightest touch will send the camera flying off into the far distance or way too close, making it impossible to see anything. It's very difficult to get the camera into just the right frame.2. Tutorial is not very thorough. I've played GalCiv I and II quite extensively, and there are a number of new features in this game which are not adequately explained in the tutorial, i.e. intricacies of adjacencies, behavior of ships in battle based on various stats, and more.3. No espionage. I heard this will be included later as DLC, but why are they going to be charging for something that was a feature in previous games?4. Units don't gain experience in battle anymore.5. AI frequently says inane things to you during the game. I had a computer that was ""close"" to me in diplomacy who nonetheless kept threatening me for no reason.6. Soundtrack is not seamless, with very noticeable pauses between switching tracks.7. From what I can tell, you can't concentrate production values on individual planets anymore to focus on military, research, or social production, nor can you adjust taxation level to help with morale. If I'm wrong about this, then that just goes to show that things are not well-explained in the game.8. No more asteroid mining to help with production.9. It seems like there's also no more political parties, meaning you can't be ousted from government. I'm not really sure what morale does, in this case. Either way, it makes the game less interesting.And a number of graphical stutters. I'm sure I'll find more issues as I continue to play--and I do intend to continue to play, and will update my review once I've had more time with it. I have a lot of love for this series, and I want it to succeed. I know from playing the previous games that Stardock will pour a lot of effort into making this the best game they can. However, I cannot honestly say that this game feels ready or polished and, in fact, it rather feels like a rehash of old territory, but with features taken away.I really hope they make significant progress. I want this to be the best GalCiv yet. It just isn't so far."
76561198008947357,Not Recommended,226860,15867438,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,@sheep,"Well I bought the game yesterday and I am a big 4x fan but donot have any experience with Galactic civilizations games, And at the moment I can not recommand the game without any objections.But first I'd like to talk about the positive things in the game:1. The races: they differ from each others, and have traits, which make sense and have impact on the game mechanic, but not so much, that I can say, that specific trait(s) is/are overpowered. But I think the old Master of Orion is still somehow ahead of it.2. Ship design: although I am to lazy to play the ship designer, I believe there are people out there having huge fun with it. and customize their ships to every little detail.3. Fleet command: you can order specific ships to a rally point or set a rally point for newly build ship from a single or all shipyard quite fast. That make your ships better to organize.4. Techtree: You got ""normal techs"" everyone can search but you have ""specializations"" which you have to choose from three, and the other two you can not research but trade with other players. which make every gamerun somehow different. But unlike ""Endless Space"" you do not have race specific research.5. limited building lot on planet represent the quality of planet. on a ""Paradise"" planet you can build like 15 buildings and on a ""barely habitable planet"" only 4, sure terraforming can change it quite a bit, but not like other 4x games each terraforming research you do only let you terraform 1!!! tile (in the early-middlegame) and you have to research further terraforming research to convert more.6. adjacent effect of buildings: If you build more fabrics together, they get bigger bonuses and a embassy boost the market places around it. So you have to plan your buildings ahead and for example leave a space in the middle of a big industry complex for let we say a refinery or a power plant to hugely boost its output.7. last but not least the really special thing I realized: The spacestation: unlike other space 4x games, you customize your space station with modules and well a ""ring"" around it (just like DS9) the ring is limited to 1 per station and determine which additional modules you can further install into a station. For example you can not build a culture modul into a station with a mining ring. And not only are station used to protect your boarders, they give moderate bonuses to planets around as well.From my point of view, I have seen all these positive facts expect point 7. somewhere else, but it make sense to combine them, it make the gaming experience rich and complex. But now I have to talk about the negative facts:1. The game do not really feel finished, from my opinion it is a late beta version. the descriptions of technology you research is a total mess: everywhere you see like, ""maintenance -10%"" you think great, it gives you a flat bonus of 10% on every building. WRONG: you have to look carefully and read the flavor text of the tech to see, it's only specific to ""commerce building"" or ""research building"" and there are still bugs while the symbol of a bonus don't match it description. and there are thing like the technology ""industrial specialization"" which gives you ""manufacturing cost -5%"" and another ""manufacturing cost -5%"" so is it 10% or is it only 5% and there is a bug? And in general the game do not tell you in a intuitive way. For example, I still do not know how my raw production and raw manufacturing/research and net income is calculated. So 1 or 2 more months is needed to get rid of some of these and make other things clear I hope.2. ""Planet potentials"" you know your planet is class 16 with 16 tiles you can build on, but how far can it get? my capitol can only be terraformed to class 18 and another to class 24. So it's kind of a pocker, how good your planet can get.3. Terraforming: It is not really clear that there are different ""terraformable tile quallity"" -->  salvageable, decent, less, and almost useless quality. the tech ""terraforming plant"" f.e. can be used on salvageable and decent tile, but keep in mind, that in the late game you can terraform all salvageable tiles but only ONE!!! decent tile. So you will ""waste"" your ""terraforming plant"" if you use it inefficiently.4. No Espionage. What shall I say, I read about that GC2 had it and GC3 will get it per Addon...5. Culture/border/spacestation: If you are a highly cultural race, you will push the enemy border back and take over their planet, but not their spacestations, in fact AI stations will continue mining your precious resources and you can't do anything not even build your own one next to it or buy it from AI, you have to blow it up. And on top of that, AI at peach even build station actively in your territory, that make it more difficult to play cultural race.So from my point of view, this game is really nice, but at the moment, things are still not final, that's why I do not recommend it to everyone interested. Wait a few month, there will be a discount on price and the game will be ""hopefully"" more finished."
76561198055971669,Not Recommended,226860,33846804,Posted: 27 July,all,pollinctor,"This normal content as DLC is ridiculous. Shame on you, Stardock."
,Not Recommended,226860,24452450,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,templar_ths,"I like it, but it has alot of issues in its current state, I would like to see more free content/features outPros:Reasonable AIAlot of customization is possibleDecent community contentMassive maps are truly massiveCons:Gets sluggish even with 16GB RAM as the game goes onDLC DLC DLC DLC...base game is just that, basic, pay to unlock featuresUnstable, make sure you enable auto-save to be frequent, I've lost alot of progress in gamesUnless you got a powerhouse machine, it seems biggest maps will bring your PC to a stop"
76561198006596341,Recommended,226860,15813393,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Mercutio,"Do I build a long range colony ship and try to colonize that planet on the edge of another faction to hopefully get it before they do? Should I colonize a rmediocre  planet close to me or build a constructor to make a starbase that will allow my fleets and colony ships more range to be a better planet farther out?Build up infrastructure while neglecting military to improve my economy, but risk being seen as ""weak and vulnerable"" to other factions? Build your own ships, but then what to put on them? Some defenders with low range and speed but a lot of punch? Fast ships to raid or intercept?Should I make friends with some ais to get treaties so I won't have to go it alone? Be a warmonger or a diplomat?What should I research first? Longer range and better engine techs for upgrading ships to explore with or weapons or manufacturing or planetary improvements? Then do I resarch Commerce or diplomacy?It is all up to you to decide. There isn't really a wrong answer, well, until it blows up in your face :) Each game is different. Life is like a box of chocolates, you never know you decisions were right until crunch time.Also keep in mind Stardock plans to support this game for years! The game is pretty darn good now, but like the orignal GCII through the expansions, it only will get better."
,Recommended,226860,15813232,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Clink,There's nothing bad i can say about this game.Devs are responsive and cooperate with communityAI are fantastic and kick my♥♥♥♥♥alot.Graphics are great!Scale of the universe is intense!11/10 would buy for a friend.
76561198040337351,Not Recommended,226860,25436508,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,xardian42,"Simply put: Get Galactic Civilizations 2 instead.  It gives nearly every feature this one does without the worst issue of this one.This game tries to build off its predecesor, but the AI is cheating so overwhelmingly that the game just isn't fun.  Either you're stomping easily through everthing, or getting stomped.  No real middle-ground there.On Normal difficulty in my last session for example, most of the AI were on par with a typical player like myself.  But a few will be approximately 15x stronger and that gap will increase rapidly as the game progresses. I'm at ~180 power rating, most range in the 130-300 range, except that one guy sitting at at 2700.  If they decide they hate you, well, your game was never a game because you never stood a chance, and you won't find this out until you've already wasted a number of hours on the galaxy.The game desparately needs the AI to act more consistently and evenly for the difficulty set.  As-is, it just plays like a bad version of the previous title in the series."
76561198027220699,Not Recommended,226860,25278069,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Belaaron,"First, a caveat...I actually do enjoy this game, at least some of the time.  Now, onto business...Pros:+ Potentially expansive universe with what could've been nearly endless options.+ A notably unique storyline with interesting details, and races at least some of which don't seem quite ""cookie cutter"".+ A ship designer such that, to this day, no other 4X game has.Cons:- Maps typically end up more like Battle Arenas than strategy maps, for a couple of different reasons, but the most important of which is that even truly beefy computers are greatly taxed trying to run an Insane map of any kind.- Far too short a campaign, that could've been entirely epic.- Too little variation between how each race plays.  Essentially, there's only one winning strategy, and the tactics each race uses to follow that strategy are only mildly varied at best.  The game had a lot of potential for a lot of unique mechanics for each of the races that would have actually drastically changed how they play, but this wasn't done.- Ship designer somewhat clunky and unintuitive. Great variety of parts to choose from, but missing a good selection of truly simple, universal ""core"" parts.- The AI is abysmal.  There simply is no other word for it.- There are still far too many bugs, and far too little polish, for what was supposed to be a top-shelf, finished game.- Excessive emphasis on DLC rather than actually improving the base game.Summary:This game could've been one of the best 4X space games of its generation, if not of all time.  It could've been better than even Stellaris (though I haven't played that yet, so I could be wrong).  Enjoyable as it is, some of the time, it's just not quite enough on its own to earn a recommendation.  Coupled with how much potential it had but missed out on, I just have to flat-out not recommend it.If it goes on a decent sale, however, I wouldn't fault you for picking it up anyway.  It can be really fun in small doses.  But it just doesn't carry the kind of epic grandiosity that one reasonably expects from a game about conquering (or liberating) the galaxy.  It's unfortunate, but here's hoping that they did well enough in sales, and are willing enough to learn from their mistakes, that a Galactic Civilizations IV will happen, and be better than ever."
76561198040675718,Not Recommended,226860,30564799,Posted: 17 March,all,G-Man,"Let me start by saying that although I rated this game as a ""No"", I keep coming back to it beause of the cool features. THe reason it's a ""No"" is because once I have played it for a short while I realise that the game has the potential to be the best space faring strategy game of all time but for some reason the developers have stopped short of including all of the little things that would make it perfect (and these things are not ot be found in the DLC).Nevertheless the greatest feature of this game is the ship designer and ultimately the only reason anyone plays it.So a list of things that could and should be made better to creat a GalCiv that would stand the test of time...Improve the imersive experience and the UI:1. The experience. All the elements are there for this game to really capture the wonder and majesty of space exploration, colonization, diplomacy and battle, but unfortunately the only thing that's done well is battle with everything else second fiddle.A. Let's start with Exploration: This is pretty vanilla. The Devs clearly have great imagination but for some reason don't apply it to making this element more fun and more significant. What I really want to be experiencing is wonder at discovering new life forms, anomolies and the like and not only that but having them make a real difference one way or the other. Sure you sometimes get a few bc and maybe a tech increase but what I'm suggesting is more: Quests and story arcs that can result in more bc, tech or other bonuses but not right away, only after the quests have been completed. Next, planets should have to be explored first before they can be colonized, to determine resources but also to spark more quests and bonuses and the like. What's on the planet should continue to have an effect, be it artefacts, subsentient beings or dangerous events.B. Colonization. This is all good in principle, but wouldn't it be great if there was more to it? As mentioned explore the planet first and while I like the ideology idea, I'm more interested by the stories that prompt the choices when you colonize. It is a real shame that the story elements themselves are never again mentioned when dealing with the planet as they could add a fantasticly rich and imersive gameplay experience. Next, if the landmass was more relevant to the improvments and there was just more to do from the colony screen the experience would again be improved beyond measure. Imagine if there were options to export certain native resources, wildlife etc. or if there was more detail on the mix of races and tensions there. There are so many possibilities!Next, perhaps different races are more suited to different atmospheric conditions or the like, a Class 10 planet to one species might be a Class 9 to another and this could be balanced by actually having a greater number of that race on the planet... something like that.C. Diplomacy. This is where the devs have made some great improvements but its still very one dimensional. My greatest disatisfaction is that most of the treaty stuff is useless. It's worse than Civilization. Again, look to Paradox and specifically the latest  Europa Universalis or Crusader Kings for how diplomacy is ideally dealt with in a strategy game.D. Battle. This is not bad and is the best part of the game. My biggest gripe here is actually UI related. For some unknown reason the pivot point of the camera has been changed from GalCiv2 to GalCiv3 and now it is difficult to maneuver and take in the whole battle from every angle you desire. The focus and pivot point should be the centre of the battlefield. The camera also breaks down in free mode at certain angles. The camera usablity nearly destroys the one thing that makes this game unique and great. This is a MUST FIX. Make the camera more user friendly or you undermine the point of the designing your own ships.Next, is planetary invasion. This is again too simple. THere should be more tactical requirements. Cheaper transports but separate ground based military. Think Distant Worlds: Universe.2. The UI. Stardock could really learn a thing or two from Paradox, who do this really well. Again I'm talking EU or CK here.  There are a few times where information is unavailable or it is squashed into a box too small for the content. This needs an overhaul.My biggest gripe is that once you form a fleet the movement points of the fleet are not visible in the bottom left but they are when hovered over.3. Improvements:A. History!Another big point for me is history. In the dim dark reesses of my memory I seem to recall there used to be a ""notes"" section for planets in GalCiv2. If there wasn't then there should have been. This simple feature (i.e. allowing notes to be made for each planet in the colony screen) would again drastically improve the game experience. Here players can record the history of the planet or reminders of strategy or the like. Ideally, a history log of each planet would be automatic but adding notes gives the player greater flexibility.While I'm on this notes thing, imagine there was a record of each ship you ever commissioned as well. For some reason that makes the experience better for me, to be able to look back as say ""Wow, the T.A.S. Victory was a mighty fine ship, destroying X number of ships before being destroyed at the Battle of So-And-So"".B. Great People. I know its a rip off from Civilization, but let's be honest so is a lot of the GalCiv idea. This is a concept that, if done better than Civilization does it could add a lot more depth to gameplay. This would need an overhaulAnyway, Enough rambling. I doubt Stardock will ever see this or think to fix these issues as for most people games are about beating the game and winning but for me it's about the experience. I look at games as entertainment, not acheivement. I don't go to a movie just to say I've watched it or to beat it, and in the same way I don't play a game to beat it or win, but rather to enjoy the experience of playing."
76561198149141810,Recommended,226860,31303564,Posted: 22 April,all,V4D4RS F1ST 97,"I'll be fast.Pros:-lots of content-lots of factions-factions have character and are more than reskins-custom maps, races, and ships-steam workshop-No particular stratregy is OP-Game encourages building alliances instead of just dominating everyone-Multiple ways to win that do not include killing half the universe if you see fit.cons:-price-DLC price-number of DLC you need to get for this experience-Sometimes certain races are overly agressive-The AI is not so great at protecting itself. I can turn a 1v1 fight around easily with just a handful of invasion ships.-there is no way to import a totally custom model to my knowledge. Though i would suggest it.-Sometimes it bothers me how few really good planets there are on randomly generated maps.I purchased the bundle while on a 75% discount. I paid very little overall however it may be much different for you.While i can recommend this game i CANNOT recommend the price of the game with all the respective DLC's due to the extreme price that adds up. Get on bundle deal discount after the newest DLC releases."
,Not Recommended,226860,15871608,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,RedSocks157,"Seems unfinished. I'm getting an issue where the whole screen just goes black except for the mouse cursor, and the music continues playing. The only way to fix it is to restart and unfortunately it happens often.I am excited about the possibilities of 64-bit gaming, and I'm glad Stardock went this route.I love the GalCiv games but don't buy this one just yet. I would've held off on spending $50 if I had known that this many bugs were still present.edit: A few months on and I have to say I'm still disappointed. Major races are still missing (what happened to the Torians? The Drath were freaking cool too.) and the DLC has so far added...events, a goofy alien campaign (for a minor race no less), and well that's about it. I also have to say that I'm disappointed it only supports windows, with the Win10 debacle I've been moving towards linux slowly but surely and the lack of linux support is disheartening - especailly considering that linux is a huge force for 64-bit OSes. The game is by no means terrible, and it had big shoes to fill to begin with, but these things still stick in my mind.EDIT------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now that a bit of time has passed, I though I should update this. Lots of bugs have been worked out, and the AI is finally up to par with the previous games in the series. I'm still disappointed by the lack of races - where are the Torians and the Arceans? I really wish the Drath and the Korx were still options to play as well. The DLC released so far is OK, but I'm going to wait for a sale since it doesn't really add anything that I'm dying to have in the game. If they were introducing new races (besides squirrels!) that would be awesome. Really my only complaint with the game is the lack of races. Right now, I would say if you really love this kind of game then buy it. If you want to ahve more races to play with/as, then I would wait for a sale. I would say that the game is worthwhile as long as they keep expanding it and adding new options."
,Recommended,226860,16027347,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Explorer597,"A promising work in progressThe game was updated to version 1.03 on June 8:http://forums.galciv3.com/466812Since the official launch on May 14 the developers have kept patching the game, updating it almost once per week. Although the game officially isn't in early access beta any longer, there are still several bugs left to be fixed, multiple game balance changes are made in each patch, and miscellaneous other improvements are still being worked on besides those already implemented in the two first patches. The feeling one gets from all this is that this game hasn't reached gold quality yet, but that it'll happen in a few weeks or months. Several issues remain to fix, including fully implementing some features.Galactic Civilizations IIIis an ambitious update of the popular predecessor,Galactic Civilizations II, with numerous changes of the game mechanics, and a general improvement of the graphics, both of which take advantage of the possibilities that 64-bit operating systems provide. A consequence of this is that this version uses much more of the computer resources, such as CPU, RAM and GPU. Since the game isn't fully optimized yet, despite being sold as a finished game, there are some performance issues like lags and freezing, although the latest patch to version 1.02 seems to have brought several performance improvements.Some of the biggest changes are the upgraded ship editor and the new battle mechanics. The ship editor has become more advanced, with new functionality which makes it easier to create good-looking custom ships. The space battles are now more complex, with each ship having a designated tactical role which is selected when saving a new ship design.Diplomacy and espionage has been changed in several ways, but neither is fully implemented yet, so the current version is more limited than the previous version was at the end of its development.The manual is still a work in progress, so reading the forums is sometimes necessary to find out how some aspects of the game work. Some features aren't yet fully implemented, so some frustration with strange behavior and even inability to continue playing in some situations have to be endured in the current condition. The developers are hard at work with patches, and an upgrade to version 1.1 is expected in the near future.My overall impression at this moment in time is that this game is a promising 4X turn-based strategy space-themed game which currently can be viewed as a playable public beta.Recommended only ifyou want to start learning the game mechanics, and explore possible tactics and strategies, while waiting for all the features to become fully implemented, andif you can stand the various bugs and unfinished balancing of the game. It'll take some time to master all the aspects of this game, so playing it now can be considered as preparation for the real gold version in the near future. The developers listen to feedback, so posting in theGameplay Feedbackforum is recommended."
,Not Recommended,226860,17885064,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Jakotheshadows,"I really wanted to like this game and have this be my new go-to science fiction 4X TBS. However, simple features that should have been in the release version of the game are still missing (features that exist in the predecessor, Galactic Civilizations II which I also own). Where is espionage (You know, the biggest reason anyone would choose to play the Krynn, one of the MAJOR factions in the game) ? The game has been out almost 4 months and they just finished ""Mega Events"", half of which ended up in a separate DLC that costs $5. I can't recommend purchasing a game from a company that doesn't deliver core game features before releasing DLC. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together Stardock."
,Not Recommended,226860,23792796,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,slatt daddy,"Bought this game to play with friends, and multiplayer didn't work for a single one of us. Instant crash to desktop every time.We all got our money back, so at least the one thing that worked was Steam Support.10/10 crash experience, highly immersive**UPDATE**We have discovered the issue, it seems to be able to play with your friends they MUST have the same DLC as you. So if you intend to game with friends, be sure they have all the DLC that you do, otherwise you are wasting your money."
76561198052423117,Not Recommended,226860,22741965,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,jessiehart221,Incomplete and augmented by many expensive expansion packs that most of which should have been part of the base game.
,Not Recommended,226860,29539067,Posted: 28 January,all,Wandofgamelon,The game will eventually get stuck on waiting for the turn to complete.  This bug has been around for years now.
76561198079877201,Not Recommended,226860,22604335,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,bwleon7,AI seems to very very badly broken. I played GC2 and the AI was far better. Not sure what is wrong but some of the things I have seen are civilazation declaring war when they are not even in range to reach me. AI Power go FAR past anything I can get in a resonable amount of time with follow a very nerrow play style (building lots of warships)  which ruins the idea of playing deplomatically and just building colonies.I loved GC2 so I hope this game can get back to that at some point.
76561197978076154,Not Recommended,226860,32754020,Posted: 24 June,all,Griffin,"I picked this game + the Crusades dlc up on sale for $20. While the base gameplay is fun and I would love to recommend the game, it is just riddled with bugs that have no place in a fully released game that has tons of dlc and patches. I am so disappointed in Stardock for allowing the game sit in this state.A few of the problems I have run into:Destroyed an enemy starbase, the fleet I used still says its idle, making it impossible to end my turn and progess the game. I reloaded the same game from several different saves, but each time I destroyed the starbase, no matter how I did it, this happened.Tried to end my turn, game told me i had an idle colony, I go through all my colonies, none are idle. I cannot end my turn so I had to reload a old save.The camera in the fleet battles is atrocious in my limited experience. The controls for free mode are wonky as hell, the cinematic mode chooses the most asinine angles, and it often glitches like mad if I get too close to ship.I recommend going with a different game instead of this one. I could understand these bugs if it was a brand new title, but this game has been around for long enough to accumulate tons of paid dlc yet the developer can't be bothered to fix simple bugs. I only wish I had given up sooner on this title so Steam would refund my purchase."
76561198050494518,Recommended,226860,12530540,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Sorfex Malidore,"I'll have to agree with some of the reviews I've seen for this game. This game is NOT in beta, its in early alpha. LOTS of features are missing and there are alot of broken mechanics still but otherwise with what works its a great game. I enjoy the ship customization as I can tell the advansment from the second game. I can see once this game is released it'll be a great turned based strategy game that me and my friends will be having lots of fun with! Its definitely a recommend game if your alright with LOTS of bugs and features just not being there, but at launch I'd definitely say pick it up!"
76561198006027585,Not Recommended,226860,24482130,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,idlerTHE,"Bought this game when in beta, always crash in game after awhile. Expecting fixes at full release but, instead, see DLC after DLC coming out asking for $5, $10, $15. Very disappointed with the way they make games nowadays.Game play is alright until early mid-game when things get repetitive. They put new features into DLC before even getting the basic features right.Do not buy this game."
76561197991190556,Not Recommended,226860,17014424,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Zentastic,"Update for 2.5:Over two years have gone by since my original review. Game pretty much is the same, which means my review stands the same with a facelift. There is a ton more DLC available. But of course not going to purchase things to fix a game that should never have been released in the state that it was. Will just wait for the entire package to be on sale in a few years for < $5.Btw. Loved GC2. And I don't have a problem with paying for DLC, scaled correctly according to content. What I do have a problem with is paying a huge amount for a game, only to find out it is barely into Beta and essentially broken on many levels, and yet released as a finished product.And I find it HILARIOUS that the CEO in the Dev Diary asked everyone to give it a better review so sales would increase. Good and Great games don't have to actually do that.Let me tell you Brad, you released a broken game. 80% Positive is WAY too much already for that alone. Like most, I liked Stardock. But this game changed all of that. Sorry, I'm not an investor (owner) in Stardock, so not attached to your company in any way or fashion. And I do not owe any company any kind of loyalty.  Some of your other 'fans' need to realize what a horrible job you guys did with this one, and just let the ratings actually show it. Instead they are boistering your ratings as you've asked. But hey. They didn't learn a lesson on this game, perhaps they will on your next release.-----I have been a supporter of Stardock. But everyone makes mistakes. This is theirs.This game is the bottom of the barrel. The only way it could get lower was if it were vaporware with no refund available.It was released way too early. It is essentially a beta. And it has no depth to it at all and is riddled with bugs. It also lacks a lot of managerial functionality that makes playing on larger maps nearly impossible.Not only is it an unfinished product, it is a bare bones framework of a game.Save your money. Come back in a few years when it is on sale in a pack with all the DLC and expansions. (If it lasts that long.)"
,Recommended,226860,14850146,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,RespawnRedemption,"I bought this game the day it came out almost, quite harsh and alot of the old reviews were (in a few cases still are though no where near when it started) really buggy. Some times you were happy to play a half hour at a time. The fan base for this game though is such that it is develouping faster than I expected. Mostly due to the fact that this is one of the devs flagship games and they take the fans serious.The game is very much what you would expect from the series. I was hopingg the dread lords would become a playable character with a new uber antagonist replacing them, its still in develoupment though so crossing my fingers. All the origonal playable characters are still there (Currently still 2 to be released). They all now ""feel"" like self realised races though and not just stat bonuses and a spattering of race only techs.Alot of the reviews in the negatives for this game was for the fact that they put it up for sale not long after the release. A fact that has nothing to do with the game and is all about the customer. Its a shame really how hurt this games reviews are due to that.So here I am 7  months into the game develoupment now. Paided full price, was not upset about the sale as I being a reasoned adult know that means more people on the game helping the DEV's. From what I seen so far I give 4.5 out of 5. My ownly complaint being no new races. If you liked GC2 Your going to love what this game appears to promise on compleation."
76561197974250986,Not Recommended,226860,24061104,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,edub101,"As a big fan of Gal Civ I and II, I was excited for the third.  This game is not like those.  The originals were epic and complete strategy games with a charming miniamilst indie-style.  Part 3 is actually a DLC purchase simulation game, where gameplay consists of buying and downloading tons of nickle-and-dime DLC, which trickles out every so often.  The original game is so short and shallow, I thought I had completed the tutorial only to discover the campaign was over.  This game was just a shell onto which endless DLC is piled.  Features that were in the original games were removed from the third, and repackaged as DLC (with some features still missing).  Stardock once held the title as ""most trusted developer"" in my book, but things have changed at the studio, and their products are absolutely awful rip-offs now, and Stardock should be considered a scam company. (See also, ""Elemental"" for another example of a rip-off game from these developers)."
76561198002001757,Not Recommended,226860,15877769,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Manic,"I cannot recommend this game at this time, for several reasons.First of all, it is an incomplete game, lacking espionage functions, politics, and even the ability to create random opponents in the random map generator.  These and other missing aspects of any decent 4X game will be sold at a later date in expansions.  In the end, this game will cost you over $100 just to get what it should have in the base product.  I do not like this trend in some games we are seeing, where an incomplete game is sold for full price as though it were a finished product, and then over the next months and years, the game is finished and released at extra cost.Secondly, this game is not a third installment, but more like a 2.5 installment.  If you played GC2, you have already played this game.  Almost everything is exactly the same as its predecessor.  Once more, planets have no moons we can exploit, dead planets cannot be mined or otherwise used, black holes and nebulas, are little more than space walls that impede traffic (apparently in space, there is no 3D travel allowing us to fly under or over these obstacles), asteroids belts cannot be mined, either.Planet development is the same as GC2, with random tiles conferring random bonuses.  There are no telescopes in this game, so we cannot know what the universe looks like, what planets are like, what stars have planets, etc. until our scout ship (or some other vessel) goes there.The races are generic and dull.  Apparently, in the galaxy all races breath the same air as we do here on earth, prefer the same atmosphere and climate, and want the same gravity.  The race creator is as uninspired as the races themselves, being a rather shallow system where you get to pick from a handful of options to create a not all that unique race.  There is no high gravity races or worlds, no aquatic races, no radiation races, nor anything else unique.  The races are more like different groups of humans than species who have evolved on different worlds, except for the fact that they look rather alien (mostly).  Think of the races as humans, and humans wearing costumes.The tech tree is as imaginative as the races.  Generic is the word to use here.  None of the tech is interesting.  There are no fascinating tools like shields that extend over other ships in your fleet for instance.  Just a series of faster engines, a series of stronger missiles and bullets and lasers.  You can unlock more squares on your planet, you can get some terraforming so you can live on cold or hot planets...basically, this is the same generic tech tree in every 4X game in the past 7 or 8 years.  There is nothing interesting here, but there are silly fluff techs you need to research in order to discover that you need to research weapons, or engines, and so on.  Even with the fluff techs, the tech tree is so short, that you easily cap out your research.  In order to slow down players' research, there is an age system.  There are three ages, and during each age, you can only research so far up the tech tree.  Why?  Because, that's why.  We don't want players researching too quickly, the AI opponents will feel sad, I guess.Trade is conducted the same way as in GC2.  In this game, you can send constructors to build starbases that mine special minerals and such floating in space.  These can be magically shipped at great distances to your planets, even passing through alien, even enemy, territory at no extra cost.  Pirates do not interfere with your shipping of these valuable resources, nor do other factions.  the only way to impede this magic transport of rare resources is to destroy the miner base.  Not capture it, no, just destroy it.There are a couple things Stardock did improve on, however.  The lousy morality system in GC2 that never even worked all that well, was changed to an ideology system.  The same three morality perspectives--benevolent, pragmatic, malevolent--still apply, but as you acquire more points in these ideologies, you can unlock the ideology tech tree.  The ideology tech tree is more interesting than the regular tech tree, but it is very small, and somewhat redundant across the systems.  There are some variants and interesting things in it, though, and this is easily the only part of this game that is actually any good.The other improvement, which is a bit of a mess as implemented, is adjacency bonuses on planets.  Various structures can provide bonuses if they are built next to each other.  Also, certain random bonus tiles on the planets can provide bonuses as well.  This is a mixed bag because the tiles are random, and you will often find yourself unable to take advantage of certain bonuses, or set up a grouping of buildings that feed bonuses to one another.The other attempted improvement is the creation of unique tech trees for the races.  Unfortunately, the tech trees are so generic, that the differences are extremely small and not worth mentioning.In short, this game is just GC 2.5, but without espionage or politics.  I can only recommend waiting for two years, maybe three, for expansion packs to flesh out this incomplete offering, and get released in some kind of deluxe edition for a reasonable price.  However, I am confident that no expansions will solve this game's greatest drawback:  genericness.  This game is generic mediocre gaming, and it shows in every aspect.  There is nothing innovative or interesting when exploring or colonizing.  Combat is abstracted and forgettable, just as it was in GC2.  Techs are the same, races are humans in costumes, and so on.  Save your money and don't waste your time.  Just load up GC2."
,Not Recommended,226860,16370256,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,jarcionek,"The game is really Gal Civ 2 with a few changes that could be done as a DLC. The same graphics, icons, portraits, civilizations, technologies, buildings' names. There are a few new technologies, buildings, ship modules and a new ship creator, but overall it is still the same game - all basic functionality did not change: you can survey anomalies, build starbases, build buildings on planets in exactly the same way. If you want a few extras for Gal Civ 2 you may like this game, but if you got bored with Gal Civ 2 and expect something new - you will be disappointed.There are multiple bugs:-SAVING GAME IS OFTEN UNSUCCESSFUL- game crashes when trying to load certain saves. This prevents you from interrupting the game because you never know whether you will be able to load that saved game or not, which in turn makes a game unplayable- you can sometimes build unique buildings twice- sometimes the technology tree shows that the technology was not yet discovered even though it was, you have to close and open technology tree again- the technology tree doesn't show descriptions of other specializations than the one you researched (specialization is a technology such that you have to choose one of 3 available, however you can buy the other two from other races)- bugs/mismatches between technologies' descriptions and actual effects- AI is pretty dump, they will declare the war against you because they don't like you, but will ask for peace next turn because you are too strong- path finding is dump, it will often choose a path through enemy teritory even though equally long path through your teritory exists- impossible to rename the planet immediatelly after colonising it, you have to go to the map and back to the planet- if there are multiple messages after others turn (war declared, new race found, auto-surveying ship found an anomaly) only one of them is shown- when you change production distribution (research/manufacturing/economy) the buildings queue is not refreshed, you have to either change something in the queue or switch to map/another planet and then come back- multiple typos in technology tree- various graphical bugs (shots not displayed correctly, some weird textures behind some of the texts etc.)- ideology traits saying that they give you some bonus which in fact is not applied at all- on larger maps the performance is really terrible, when you scroll the map you have to wait for a few seconds for it to load, opening any other view such as planet management or diplomacy also takes 5-10 seconds, a ""quick battle"" actually takes about 10 seconds of ships waiting on the map before one of them shoots and the other is destroyed; if you try to zoom in (to see actual models of entities instead of their icons) you will probably decide to zoom out again after 20 seconds of game being stuckAnd multiple annoying ""features"":- you cannot see the path or the range of the ship, click will initiate movement which cannot be interrupted- if a ship is moving towards destination and you press ""next turn"" button, the ship will move but all remaining movement points are lost, you are not promted to do something with the idle ship- the same happens if the ship is set to ""automatic survey"", once it reaches a destination anomaly site, all remaining movement points are lost- it is very difficult to control enemy ships movements - all are done at once and there is no log or ""enemy turn replay""- all remaining manufacturing/research points are lost at the end of turn so if you have 2k manufacturing points per turn and want to produce a frigate which costs 200 points, you can only produce one per turn anyway- you can assign multiple planets to provide their manufacturing points to single shipyard, however you cannot assign single planet to multiple shipyards- buying ships/buildings ceases the normal production, i.e. if building A has 1 turn remaining and you buy building B, next turn building A will still have 1 turn remaining- although in ship designer there are tabs for ""core"" and ""user"" ships, there are no such tabs when upgrading existing ship, which means that you have to scroll through 20 ""core"" designs to find the one you made- micromanagement - each planet's potential can be split between wealth, manufacturing and research (defaults to 33% each). Let's say that you want a research focused planet so you set research to 100%. Once you discover a new type of laboratory, the upgrades will be put onto the building queue automatically, however they will not build because you have 0% manufacturing. On the other hand, if you have 20% manufacturing only for this purpose, once all laboratories are upgraded and building queue is empty, you just lose 20% of planet's potential- there are list to view all your planets/ships/starbases but the order in them is completely random with no sorting options- music is different in every view (map/ship/planet/governing planet/menu) which gets pretty annoying e.g. when you need to go over 20 ships to upgrade them and you hear 3 first seconds of two different tracks over and over again...EDIT:There is a beta patch availablehttp://forums.galciv3.com/467453/page/1however itDOES NOTaddress any issues listed above... Stardock is promising regular extra content with the first expansion at the end of summer, however the game is so full of bugs that it is really unplayable. Don't waste your time and money on it."
76561197991773933,Not Recommended,226860,26230865,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,SMOKE SKOOMA HAIL SITHIS,"The game is great and has plenty of potential. However, it's suffering from self-replicating DLC syndrome and the AI cheats horribly and is anencephalic compared to other turn based strategy games.Get Galactic Civilizations II and use the opt-in update instead. It's not as pretty or fancy but it's great, cheaper, and the AI is actually intelligent."
,Not Recommended,226860,26090633,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,rotten corpse,"I didn't pay for a DLC simulator. This is still buggy, performs poorly (especially shocking coming from this company) and the content is just not there. They remove features that were present in GC1 and 2 and sell it back as DLC. What the ♥♥♥♥ happened to this series? I loved GalCiv2 and played the ever-loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it, but this I can barely stand.The combat is a lot better and the super silly writing is mostly absent, which I like. Other than that, this feels like its just here to keep piling DLC on.Looks like Stardock has done some hiring and are active with the community in fixing things. Good sign, let's see where it leads."
,Recommended,226860,31596893,Posted: 6 May,all,Sober Mans Secret,One of the all time greats of sci-fi 4X gaming. When Gal Civ 3 was released it took a bit of a hammering by the public and the press but only on the grounds that it's prequel Gal Civ 2 was so great it was tough to beat. I have played and enjoyed all of the games in this series ( i also have a lot more hours in game than my steam profile says ). With the release of the latest DLC ( CRUSADES ) Gal Civ 3 is now on par with its earlier incarnate. Huge improvements over the vanilla release. Theres a lot of game here for what it costs and i'm sure you'll enjoy every moment of galactic megalomania.9\10
,Recommended,226860,14679010,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ugotopia123,"I haven't played very much, but I've played GC 2 a ton and feel I have a good enough base of knowledge to compare this game to, though as I play this game more my review is subject to change.First thing I noticed while playing: ""Coming Soon!"" was everywhere. I hated seeing this. I understand it's in Beta, but the only options for you right now are to start a new game or start a quick game. Everything else is blocked off. I haven't played multiplayer so I'm not sure how well that works. I'm not too upset given I spent $25 on the game, but for those who fully supported Stardock back in GC3's $100 asking price I feel right now you aren't getting your money's worth.Second thing I noticed: Holy hell this game is beautiful. Seriously, every event that you have to make a decision on has its own piece of art to look at in the background. It sort of looks like concept art, and it's extremely well done and I enjoyed every event because each one had its own art to see. The graphics are nice, a huge step up from GC2, and understandably so. It has more of a hex-based system of movement that was present in GC2 but it's emphasized more in this game.Music: Great as always. It sounds pretty much like a Galactic Civilizations game. If you liked the soft, ambient music of GC2 (at least during peaceful times) then you'll enjoy it in this one.Gameplay: Not fully fleshed out, as I'll get to soon, but for the most part the features that are more developed are amazing. The tech tree is massive and overwhelming at first, but with time you'll figure out which techs to rush first and optimize properly. The overall consensus is that ship building is fun, but in my brief period of playing I didn't get around to it. Planning on building placement in planets is pretty much the same as GC2, I'm pretty sure all buildings from both the base game and expansions from GC2 are available in GC3 along with a plethora of other buildings I didn't see.Changes in the way fleet management and production was interesting and something I had to get used to first due to my extensive time spent in GC2. Instead of building a Starport on your planets to make them able to build ships, you have to produce a Shipyard which you build just like a Starbase, which has its pros and cons such as not taking up a slot on your planets, but being able to be destroyed by enemies.So far I feel income management isn't fully developed. When you look at your income all it tells you is how much you're making. I think there might be an option to change how much you focus your spending, but it was a little finicky to get to work, at least in my inexperienced eyes.Wars aren't done yet. The battles are close to GC2, but when I got invaded, all that happened was a pop up saying ""You're being invaded"" and I clicked OK and my planet was gone. Ship battles are nearly done, though overall battle is a little barren. This is probably one of the bigger deciding factors in buying the game since battle is one of the X's in 4X.The tech tree is absolutely impressive. There's sooo many things for you to research that it overwhelmed me at the start. I didn't know where to begin. I think one of the main problems was I wasn't used to how the game ran so I was always at a loss to what I needed to research next, like should I focus on planetary improvements or focus on military or focus on expansion? I was randomly researching a little bit of everything until the Drengin Empire declared war on me and subsequently stomped me.So the ending question is ""Should I buy this game?"" And I think the answer is yes. The developers seem very passionate about making this the best Galactic Civilization game thus far, and I believe that with time it will be.But there's one more question: ""Should I play this game right now?"" And I would have to say no. I say pick this game up when it's on sale (like it is right now) or if you're willing to spend the $40ish dollars on it because the full release of the game looks extremely promising. BUT, I would also say that if you want to experience Galactic Civilizations in all its glory, buy and play GC2 Ultimate Edition until GC3 is more fully developed."
,Not Recommended,226860,26700950,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Yodason,"Once upon a time I recommended this game and even posted a positive review here about it. But the more I played it, the more I realised how much of an unbalanced mess this game really is. Let's start with the AI shall we?When this game first came out the AI was rather dumb so you had to crank up the difficulty so they'd put up a fight. Stardock released a patch that was supposed to fix it but instead pushed things too far in the other direction. I'll admit I'm not a strategic genius but when I'm on the easiest difficulty and it feels like I'm going up against SKYNET something's gone wrong. This isn't helped by a certain bonus the AI gets on every difficulty level: They pay no maintenance on ships. Zero military maintenance. So they'll sit there endlessly cranking out ships while a human player can barely keep a couple dozen ships in service. The AI recognises it's huge military advantage and........GAME OVER.I could go on. I could talk about the weapon types, the useless ship defenses, the hit and miss map generation, the bugs and typos that still exist after so long...........And you know what rubs salt in the wounds? While this game sits here with more balance issues than a one-legged hippo Stardock are doing nothing but releasing overpriced, pointless DLC that nobody asked for. Do yourself a favor and buy literally anything else."
76561198031396231,Not Recommended,226860,29576852,Posted: 29 January,all,Nalidus,"Pros:1. Great ship designer. Actually, I would say that this is the best ship designer around. It has an even better UI for building than Gal Civ 2.2. Somewhat unique tech trees for each race. However, I found Gal Civ 2's trees were far more unique than these trees.3. Fairly easy to grasp gameplay. And, the graphics are pretty good.Cons:1. AI cheats. Even on the low difficulties, the AI still rampantly cheats. They did this because the devs were incapable of actually programming more competent AI during their ""grand AI update."" Nope, instead they just gave the AI tons of bonuses that varied based on the difficulty level.2. Combat is still rock - paper - scissors. Chaff stops missiles, shields stop beams, and armor stops cannons. However, chaff does nothing against beams or cannons. The same with the other defense types as well. This was a gripe with Gal Civ 2 as well. However, the devs decided to give enhancement modules that gave certain bonuses to specific weapon or defense types. Which imbalanced the game even more and made this combat system even more focused on 1 weapon vs 1 defense type. Which, brings me to my next point...3. Weapon balance is terrible: The devs tried to differentiate between weapon types even more. However, the rule of thumb is that missiles have the most threat but are also the largest, beams are middle of the road with 100% accuracy but also with insane upkeep costs that can't be reduced via tech, and cannons are the smallest weapons and rival missiles in actual combat power compared to missiles when massed together, except they are the most costly to build. So, the best weapons, hands down, are still missiles. The game has no balance.4. Threat system is borked. The devs added threat modifiers to weapons and weapon enhancements. This is used to dictate how ""powerful"" your fleets are viewed by the other races. However, it's all completely borked as it's not balanced at all. The rule of thumb is, go missiles (despite not being actually more powerful) if you want to have the highest threat. However, it's really meaningless as the AI cheats so much that they spam tons of ships extremely easy.There's many more cons that I could go through, but I view these four issues as the major issues with this game.Edit:  Just tried patch 2.0 to see if it fixed any of the issues listed above.  The definitive answer is ""no"".  AI still spamming ships out much faster than the player even on the easiest difficulties, combat is still rock-paper-scissors, weapon balance is still completely terrible, and threat system is still borked as well.  To add to that, they included an administration system that punishes players that like to build lots of star bases.  This was to combat people who spam tons of economic starbases around their planets for overlaping bonuses.  However, instead of taking the logical way and just disallow overlaping bonuses, they decided to add administrators that punish everyone.This game is done.  There are faaaar better space 4x options out there that have faaaar less bugs and stupid features implemented.  Hell, even its predecessor, Gal Civ 2 is a far more superior game than this tripe."
,Recommended,226860,12378897,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,deadlockedworld,"UPDATE AS OF MAY 2015:  The game is now out.  IT STILL CRASHES LIKE IT DID IN BETA.  I'm kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that its been an entire year since I bought this and it hasn't improved more.  There are lots of little things that were promised that were never finished, such as resolution and interface settings.All this being said, I am playing it a lot.  Its fun. But I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tactics Stardock used to get the money sooner.  Also, I got an email the other day that they are launching their next 4x game.  Pretty irritating since this one is still not finished a year later.UPDATE AS OF NOV:  I am upset that the game is on sale 50% on the  Stardock website with no mention of it being a beta.  I paid $45 for what was an alpha and now they are selling it for $22 -- and the game still doesn't even have combat.The only rationale for this I can think of for this is that they expect the game will suck when completed and want to sell as much as possible now.ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW:I do believe this game WILL earn a recommendation, and therefore I am cautiously assigning it now.BUT BE WARNED: as of October this is more of an Alpha than a Beta.  It is not that fun to play yet, as tactical combat and diplomacy are still forthcoming.   The game structure is strong, and I believe it WILL be better than most 4x space sims out now ... but not yet.I have faith that Stardock is working hard on this at the moment, but I may change this to not recommended if progress slows too much.  (I am not really a fan of this -- ""pay for it now, you will get it later"" business model but I just couldn't resist trying the game when given the chance)"
76561198007353781,Recommended,226860,14642614,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Omnibus,"I've had this game since the start and have loved it from day 1. I knew I would, it came with the ship builder and even back then was one of the best builders I have played with. Addicted to the builder I didn't play much of the game so did not want to review it as I hadn't fully experienced all it had to offer. This game has something for every one who has the urge to conquer Galaxy. You can be nice about it or not, it's up to you. You don't need the skills for the builder as there are plenty of ready made ships as is. There has been some bugs the Dev's jump on very quickly. This game is made for the gamer. Will be playing this game for a long time to come. Oh and it has the Snathi!"
76561197976884847,Recommended,226860,14370458,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Aether,"This game is really comming together!It was everything I could ask for in a space 4X. I expecially love that war is not the only option; I was able to play Terran's with little to laughable fleet strength and Negotiate myself out of every war without loosing a planet. Then, with my massive influence, managed to 'flip' control of boarder enemy planets instead ....Its good to be the Galatic Chair!"
76561198021271341,Not Recommended,226860,24057541,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,quasi5,"I'll preface this by saying I have purchased all of the GC games and like them all. The one thing that has become more obvious is the tendency towards releasing a very early, base game and using DLC to spice it up and make it seem more interesting.  A ""Season Pass"" is the standard it seems now....This game, even after a year of being out and having been patched all the way up to v1.8, still has major bugs and memory leak issues. Any of the larger maps are not able to be played to completion due to memory issues and performance lag. The machine I have has 16gb of memory and still has issues. One bug (destroy a planet) has been in the support forums since early 2015 and still hasn't been addressed. The keyboard shortcuts and game documentation leave much to be desired. Not enough shortcuts and too much repetitive ""point/click"" items."
76561198012851361,Recommended,226860,15663815,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Sycloness,"So when I heard Paul was back making GalCiv3 I had to go check it out. Then I find out could preorder the Elite Founders Package and get all future content for $99. It took me all of about 3 seconds to log in and buy Gal Civ3. I have been playing a few games a week since. I will admit I played more GalCiv2 than GalCiv3 in Alpha, but I have not even played GalCiv2 in about 2 months.GalCiv3 is shaping up to be the best space 4X game that has ever been made. The game is about to be released and most all the major CTD or game stopping bugs have been fixed. Now I find myself playing a game as often as I can with several over the weekends.Here is what I love about the game: (I have about 350 hrs of game play atm)-Graphics- Brilliant!!!-Maps-Huge maps up to 5 times the size of GalCiv2, but I mainly play on Huge.-Anomalies-I love getting anomalies with my flagship. I really like atm you can buy the other races flagships to hunt even more anomalies. I am sure this will get fixed soon thou. Also I hope they add back the color system of the anomalies from GalCiv2. I hate clicking on a wormhole until all the good anomalies are gone from my area.-Pirates-It will be nice when Stardock upgrades them to be more like Sins. I would love to pay or give ships to the pirates to attack random AI players. Paul said there is more planned options but for a latter DLC.-Adjacency system-Basically you have to place like buildings near each other to boost the value. Also with this new system there are lots of building types and not all races have the same buildings.-Terraforming-There are lots of terraforming options. Now when you look at the planet management screen you see a map with land masses. Pretty much every hex you see that is on land you will eventually be able to terraform it. Oh how I miss the galactic wonder to auto update all tiles from GalCiv2.-Tech Trees-Each race has its own tech tree. Each tree has 4 areas (Colonization, Engineering, Warfare, and Governance) that are spaced out over 3 ages. A player has to think about what to upgrade now vs just getting to the best weapon/def combo and kill everything.-Starbases-I love building these. I swear I build a neutral zone with one of these every few inches on my boarders. The same bases are back and we get a new one, Mining. Now there are tradable resources to mine for new buildings, weapons, and ship support systems. I will admit I cannot wait until there is an auto build click option for upgrading Starbases. I swear I spent most my time sending constructors to Starbases. At least this time you can have more than one module on a constructor.-Shipyards-This go around not every planet can make a ship. At first I hated this. Now with having a shipyard being sponsored with up to 5 planets you can manage you ship building much more easily. Plus with a great planet set up you can build huge ships in just a few turns.-Battle viewer-Watching your ships in action is great the first few times in a game. Then after you have 20+ battles a turn you are happy Stardock left in the old auto resolve option. I hope they add a click option to always auto resolve. I will turn in on after I have 5+ fleets in action.-Shipbuilding-This time around the default ships are not that bad…Still mine are way better…-Fleets-This time around you cannot just spam build one type of ship. You need assault ships, escorts for your larger ships, guardian ships for your carriers. YES we have carriers this time and they are currently very OP. They start each battle with a number of drone ships loaded up with your best tech to kill all aliens in your path.-Custom races-This just got put in and I love it. I am making races left and right. The default ones are pretty easy to beat. I need more options: logos, pictures, backgrounds, etc… I keep hearing Paul talk about Jennifer, I think that is her name, and how she is god’s gift to coding most of all the goodies in the game along with the UI.-Ideological Traits-Basically your good, evil, neutral options. This time your actions take one of 3 paths which give points to buy traits in one of the three trees. You can stay in one tree or spread them out over all of them. Down side is the more you buy the more it costs. So maxing out all the trees is pretty impossible now. I only can pick about 20% of 1 tree now. The points are still under progress I am sure they will change upward soon.Things I know will get fixed and I am holding my breath waiting-AI-One of the things I loved about GalCiv2 was the AI. GalCiv2 has 12 levels of difficulty and I have only been able to win on level 9 and that is only about 25% of the time. I think one of my best memories of the AI in GalCiv2 was when I was building up my fleets near the neutral zone getting ready to invade when the AI contacts me. I get a message that he has seen me do this before and he attacks me before I am ready and the game was over. Currently I am unable to lose on GalCiv3 the AI just is unable to anticipate my game play or put up much of a challenge. This is not to say it will be that way for everyone. I do have a million or more game plays since 2003. Brad will fix this. He likes it when the AI beats up on players…..-Diplomacy-I love the current UI, the concept, and all the options. The only problem is the AI does not value things the way a player does..YET! Devs read the forums every day and update the AI based on player’s feedback. Although it is pretty fun to sell things I never need to the AI for items they need but think they are better suited in my hands….ha-ha-Control N-I think I miss this option more than any other option from GalCiv2. If you do not know that is how you can restart a game once you have loaded up a map if you do not like what you see. Also works anytime in the game.-Ship Builder-Better UI management and easy way to sort ships you want to use. In GalCiv2 it was easy to only have a few ships at a time in your window to choose from, here not so much.-Steam workshop support-I cannot wait to see what the players come up for mods to play with this game. I also hate building ships but love downloading great ship builder’s designs to use in my games….I hope this review helps…"
76561198054480468,Not Recommended,226860,29550353,Posted: 28 January,all,The Stranger,"Dont waste your money on this game. Havent been able to play a single map to completion without getting unresolvable turns breaking it completely, you would think a gam eout this long would at least function enough to finish a match."
76561197982177278,Recommended,226860,14716631,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Daedalus442,"On a note this game is still in beta/early access at the time of this writing - Beta 4I see a lot of negativity on this game concerning ""boring"" or ""slow paced"" and ""hard to understand/play"" this game feels to me more like a throw back to the earlier 4x type games and to me is a refreshing reminder of the style of games that we once played. With this in mind I was able to load it up for the first time and jump straight into game play without much of a learning curve. It reminds me so much of what I liked about the games of yesterday.There are nicely renedered cutscenes which lends to the overall grand scale atmosphere of the game. Animations are smooth and the units are clear and easy to distinguish fom each other.There is a custom ship design screen where you can change the appearance of the ship. A vast tech tree to climb, and for those who like to micromanage planetary economics it offers enough control that you may do so.Lastly of course this game is still in development and has much room for improvement, with that said for a beta it is relativly complete but not without its issues. As always Early Access means that there will be some issues with the game that are not yet resolved and maybe some features missing but overall it seems like it is on a very good path.System Specs:AMD 832016GB DDR3 1833MhzGeForce 660TiDual Intel 520 SSD (Raid 0)25"" LG ultrawide (2560x1080 UI scaling was a bit rough at this aspect ratio but looked fine at 1920x1080)Windows 7 64bit"
,Recommended,226860,15357651,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,[RSG] Ryaenethiddion,"If you love this strategy then yes get this game!I know early access are usually♥♥♥♥♥♥ and usually I'm against them, but if you love space, and you love deeply customizeable strategy, this game is definately for you, I'm really impressed and glad my friend convinced me to buy this early access game.A lot of options are deeply customizeable, the only bad thing at the moment is the game seems to have a terrible memory leak. Even on my machine which the system requirements for the game should just about be good enough to run on high it tends to struggle after 2 hours. I think this is due to the nature of it being early access."
,Not Recommended,226860,28315416,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Apheirox,"Overpriced for a mediocre game. You can find better, cheaper 4X strategy games elsewhere (I recommend: Sword of the Stars (first one), Endless Space (decent, not great), Age of Wonders (fantasy, extremely good games), Pandora: First Contact  & more.It isn't that well crafted; it is rough around edges, has small, annoying features (relating to stuff like how ship moves are calculated and more). Even Stardock's own 'Fallen Enchantress' is a better game."
,Not Recommended,226860,23099261,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Hadez,"I bought this game as a fan of turn based strategy games looking for something different.  I've played through a few games and overall I think I got bored of it pretty quickly.I think this is one of those games where if you want to put 100 hours into a round and customize your ships to the nth degree, it could be fun.  But for those without all day long to spend micro designing your fleets, it's quite a grind.Here's my major gripes:1) The culture aspect is super unbalanced.  You can win the whole game by just playing super defensive and focus heavily on spreading your culture.  You can turn planets to your own side by doing nothing.2) Some aspects of the game just aren't useful for anything.  I.E., military starbases.  They're purely defensive, and they don't even get involved in a battle unless the enemy specifically attacks them.  It would make way more sense if they provided defensive coverage in a ""zone"".3) They spent time creating some visuals for space battles.  You see them in the screenshots for the game.  They add absolutely nothing to the overall content of the game.  Yeah its kind of fun to watch it like twice, but then you just end up turning all of it off because it takes a long time for the game to have a ""space battle"" that had an outcome calculated before the battle started.  Should have spent that dev time adding other cool things.4) Diplomacy AI is weak.  To be fair, almost no game gets this right."
,Recommended,226860,14693165,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,charliechuckleberry,"Early Access ReviewThese are issues are found within the first two hours of playing:1) Choose Civilization Screen: Race Trait Popups do not re-size properly.  Some text is not readable.  (practically all information pop-ups seem to have this re-sizing bug)2) Options - Volume or Sound Settings, does not seem to work at all for some affects and movie scenes.  I was eventually forced to turn down my speaker volume.3) First Ideological Trait: I think I accidentally double clicked, but once you stutter click it, then there is no undo.  You are stuck with it.4) This is a Beta Test, the previous 3 complaints don't count as negatives, yet.  (There are lots of uncompleted content in this game in addition to the bugs I noticed.  Be warned.  See my video below.)These may not be bugs, but they seem that way compared to the previous titles.I paid $25 for this game during a weekend sale Feb 28 - Mar 2.  This game, so far, seems like it's on track to be worthy of my $25....  Since, it's not guaranteed to be finished, I'll give it a 6/10 for now.Instead of writing a full review of the many positives, I recorded a video playthrough, you can see it for yourself:http://youtu.be/l2gy0-qG5w4"
,Not Recommended,226860,24589099,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ztaesek,"Starbases.  Those gorram starbases!  And that an opponent can plop one right above your planet early on and you have to declare war to remove it.  What is the point of having a border!?  I really wanted to enjoy it, the planet interface is nice and interesting, but there is just too many things going on that is distracts from the fact that rapid early expansion is really the only way to play.  Expand quickly and take every planet you can and then pump out starbases as fast as you can and then build up your planets.  That's boring and depends mostly on the luck of the map.  There are no limiters or expectation of steady outward growth.  Just not for me and I wouldn't recommend it to my friends."
76561198040876094,Not Recommended,226860,15857971,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,jonicon,"I am a long time fan of of the game series. Let me tell you what I think of this latest version.Early access is supposed to hammer out all the bugs. It has not done so. This releasedate 14.5.2015 version is full of bugs.Game experience is not really different from the earlier versions. Graphics have been updated, but otherwise the game experience is pretty much the same as in earlier Galactic Civilizations games.New GUI has some logic problems. Sometimes one needs annoying mouse travel from one command icon to another - and  in the case of certain menus - some items are so close that they get mixed up constantly. Some practical features that prevent annoying micro management in larger scenarios are missing.I tried to find the NEW in this, but I could not.Knowing what I know now, I would not pay the full price for this make over. Try before buy."
76561198040642365,Not Recommended,226860,25357734,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Snootch,"How to quickly win in GalCiv3: (1) get Prominence III on the Benevolent ideological trait tree (a.k.a. ""Enticing,"" which allows for all planets and starbases within your Influence to switch to your ownership) as you (2) save up a lot of cash.  Then, (3) buy a planet (and any Starbases) from the AI player and then (4) do this for all AI opponents.Nice job, Stardock.Besides that, the rest of the game also feels ""mailed-in"" - it feels like the game's developer (Stardock) was resting on its laurels from the previous two smash hits.Here are some reasons below as to why I do not recommend that you buy Galactic Civilizations III:1)  For starters, the DLC isn't worth a nickel.  If you never bought those, you wouldn't miss much except for a few planet types that are hardly interesting.  Really, almost all of their ""expansions"" and DLC need to be included in the base game.  Of particular note is that you cannot use any of the newer DLC in the Map Editor, which is itself a feature you must pay for.  The expansions and DLC are major rip-offs, and the ""Mercenaries"" expansion pack is one of the worst I have ever seen in all video games I have ever played.2)  The ""wiki"" is a laughable joke.  You will not benefit from it because (i) it does not contain any specific details on most things you can't figure out on your own and (ii) you can figure out the basic stuff on your own.  So why is it there?  It's just a picture book; you will get no strategy or useful information, such as what an Aquatic planet's stats are once you've researched Colonization Focus - but the wiki will indeed tell you that the tint of this planet type is blue.  Good luck.3)  Some of the worst mods on the Steam Workshop exist for this game.  You will be amazed that you cannot find one decent modified race/civilization or map on the Workshop.  The best you are going to find are pictures of women in bathing suits as civilization leaders.  I guess the dweebs have taken over.4) The combat in GalCiv3 is almost a pathetic joke.  You wouldn't believe that a professional game designer would let that out into the market on purpose.  The opening salvo of attacks is pretty cool, but once the two sides ""clash,"" the starships sort of do these slow loopedy loops and curls as they pass by each other, firing their weapons in nonsensical directions, and floating around stupidly.  Absolutely pathetic.5)  Managing your Fleets in GalCiv3 is cumbersome and sometimes pretty lame.  The biggest nag is that if you add a unit to your Fleet, the Fleet gets renamed.  Besides that, looking at the Details page for your Fleet is hardly helpful - names are not alphabetized, and you cannot decipher clear information about individual Fleet units.  Sort of the opposite of a Details Screen, eh?6)  When trying to Upgrade your ships, you won't have a side-by-side comparison to see what you are getting yourself into; you will only see the attack and defense stats of your current build, while you can hover over the upgrade-to unit and get the information you want.  The best you get to work with is the nomenclature.  (Eg.: Marauder M5 going to Marauder M7.)  You will likely be cancelling-out of the Upgrade pop-up so you can hover over your unit so that you can compare adequately (from memory).  Cumbersome.7)  Oh, you wanted an easy way to manually determine your research, revenue, and manufacturing spending on an easy-to-use slider, eh?  You don't get that in GalCiv3, even though it is a major component of playing a 4X-genre game.  You get this odd triangle pictograph around which you have to aggravatingly drag a cursor.  It is very hard trying to get the percentages how you want them; you can't just type in what you want.  Ridiculous.8)  If you want to sort your Planets List by Class, you can't.  If you want to sort the list by Manufacturing output - a number you can't see on this list - then you can.  Huh?9)  Do you like spam?  Me, neither.  Here are some ""intriguing"" messages you will receive constantly throughout your GalCiv3 games: ""Our mutual trade continues to strengthen our relationship"" (from the same civilization, ad nauseum); ""Be wary as you explore the stars.  What is new to you is ancient to others"" (from the same civilization, ad nauseum); and other useless gems where you can always provide only one type of clickable response: ""We will take your words into consideration.""  That's it.  Useless information just to tick you off; no other reason for Stardock to program that poop into GalCiv3 whatsoever.10)  The United Planets screen, like all the myriad spelling errors in this game, is just one more show of ""We don't care about our game like we should"" from Stardock, the game's developer.  Leader portraits overlap, blocking each other in a scrunched-up, offset fashion; the message pane at the bottom covers multiple leader portraits (so you can't see their portraits or their votes); your own leader's portrait is not even presented on this screen; you will never know how many votes you have or how many votes were cast for the various U.P. propositions.  GalCiv2 provided all of this information.  Why does GalCiv3 suck so hard?11) Try scrolling down most lists in GalCiv3.  You will notice hover-over pop-ups blocking your view of the list underneath.  Annoying as heck and defeats the whole purpose.  Also, Stardock's lovely ""free update"" recently included having another list on your main screen letting you know what events are active.  Just one more absolutely stupid decision by these people.  Completely shameful.12)  Remember terraforming planets in GalCiv2?  Man, you could almost do whatever you wanted in that game.  In GalCiv3, the highest you can start with is a 26-class planet, taking it between Class 32 and 34 for most planets, and maybe Class 37 for only one planet (with a certain civilization feature).  Also, the buildable terrain on these planets is rarely connected: you will mostly have two unconnected sides of a planet to build on instead of a wad of tiles in one bunch so that you can build planets how you want to.  This is another key ingredient of a 4X-genre game (building your planet how you want to) that GalCiv3 was made to thwart.  If this was just some form of balancing for the game or a challenge or  whatever, then it would be fine if and only if the rest of the game were better.  But it is just one more stupid thing about GalCiv3 that makes it so much worse than GalCiv2.  On top of all that, throughout the game you are given six ""buildings"" to change/terraform unusable hexes on a planet into usable ones.  I have had several planets on a map where I simply could not use 5/6 of these terraforming ""buildings"" because the strips of usable land on these planets were not connected or not large enough to allow me to add usable hexes!  So my terraforming ""buildings"" just sit there in the planet's building list with nothing to do.  How stupid is that?  I have 5 terraforming buildings that I cannot use?  STUPID!13)  Do you like being in a state of war and not knowing that?  It might be exhilirating, but it is certainly not 4X genre.  Welcome to GalCiv3.14)  I counted sixty three (yes, 63) modules for what is known as a ""Military Starbase.""  63!  After all that time and effort, these ""Military Starbases"" are easily destroyed by low-level enemy ships.  Asinine.15)  So you destroyed a civilization.  Neat!  Now their tens of Constructor ships turn into unarmed, non-Fleet Pirates that roam about space, slowing down your computer for you to find and destroy individually.  Stardock don't care.16)  You don't know how to mod this game.  The few that do either (i) don't or (ii) make stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥17)  Memory leaks galore."
76561198007078407,Recommended,226860,14236503,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Daburn,"Great game, still early access and thus missing features. But since the battle viewer update it plays and feels like a worthy successor to the Franchise (and even reminds me a bit of good old Master of Orion times... only a little tweak here and there ... whoosh you've spend 2 hours in the Ship editor :) )"
76561198018505090,Not Recommended,226860,23885800,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,KiLLeR,I really love this game but is it at all possible for you guys to fix the crashing? i mean sometimes i wait 5 minutes before realizing the game will never catch up i understand the game is massive and even more so depending on the size of the map but when a small sized game can last 24+ hours i expect to be able to sit and play for at least 2 hours before the game completely ♥♥♥♥♥ itself and crashes. Also it would be really nice if you guys were a lot more honest about the ram demand because if you have yet to purchase this game and you run with even 16 gb of ram the game cant wait to crash. This game is definately worth the purchase what little i can actually play before it crashes. The crashes have become even worse now with even more♥♥♥♥♥♥to populate the screen. Can we focus on one thing at a time i do not think we really needed mining facilities on the dead rocks but who the hell cares lets continue to add more and more♥♥♥♥♥♥so the game will never work unless your sporting 64gb of ram. I cannot at this time recommend purchasing this game for in its current state it is infact unplayable.
76561198195392593,Not Recommended,226860,32113804,Posted: 1 June,all,HeWhoIsCalledIAm,"The new update has absolutely killed this game.They have clearly chosen simplicity over game experience.Everything has been reduced in scale.Weapons are now rated 1-10.All the nuance and tweaking that having such large values allowed is now gone.The worst part now is that all race specific and unique structures require rare resources to contruct. If your Arcean Empire can't find any Xanthium then you don't get any Arcean specific stuff. Same for every other race. You need extremely rare resources to build anything that makes your race unique.Even with the random map generator ""resources"" turned all the way up this is still insane. Honestly about 3/4 playthroughs you will not get access to a resource that is crucial for your species.YOU WILL NOT WIN THESE GAMES. Human (as in online play, not the specific ""human"" races) opponents will destroy you.Warship contruction now requires mined resources too, as well as upgrading starbases.If you can't get to elerium then your ships don't get lasers or shields.Didn't establish durantium mines? No advanced contstruction, enhanced mining, or kinetic weapons for you.No Thulium? Then nothing but basic sensors all game. Forget advanced technology infrastucture.Like missles? I did too. Hope you have alot of antimatter.The main thrust of this being that all resource placement is random, so you can be utterly crippled right from the start.And since you wont get race specific things most of the time, all the races feel vaguely the same now.Everything that made this a good turnbased 4x space game is largely out the window in a favor a more streamlined dumbed down version of the old game.On the plus side Espionage is fun.Also, thought ""citizens"" were a great idea."
76561198210069108,Not Recommended,226860,30974783,Posted: 6 April,all,Jimmy_Gee,"*Meanwhile at Stardock HQ*Dev 1: Jef, Jef I've got this brilliant idea.Dev 2: Oh yeah whats that?Dev 1: you remember that game Gal Civ II that everyone loved and enjoyed?Dev 2: Yeah I loved that game, what about it?Dev 1: We're gonna copy all the files from that game......and stick a 3 on the end...♥♥♥♥ing genius or what?Dev 2: Wont people notice?Dev 1: Nah people are stupid. Check this out, were even gonna take some of the races available in the second game... and charge people money to unlock them!.. I know I know I can barely beleive it myself.Dev 2: Thats genius, and when people complain... we just ignore them. I like it lets do it."
76561197980016063,Not Recommended,226860,16731417,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Death2U,"Not a very good game. Not as good as any of the Civ's. Not even as good as Master of Orion 2. I have the impression that the software team was really tallented (the game runs well, no bugs, beautiful graphics etc), but the gameplay is just plain bad. Here is my list:1. The tactical combat screen is pretty, but you have zero control....I have no words....Unbeleavable. I can't imagine why they would do this.2. The AI is brutally bad. I played about 20 turns on beginner to get the hang of it. Then played a game on normal and won easily. Then played a game on expert and won easily. The AI makes a ton of obsolete ships and is rarely aggressive in any way. Also way too easy to see how an enemy is designing his ships (heavy on lasers, missles, or guns), and design against him. AI is oblivious to rock/paper/sissors system.3. The diplomatic engine is bad. By 10% of the way through the game every civ hates me. But they still trade with me, often at pretty even terms. Even after I've pummeled them badly and offer peace they refuse. Your only options are: declare war and trade. You can't do anything else with the other civ's.4. You can build pretty fancy starbases, but they are fairly weak, and get weaker as the game goes on. The AI NEVER attacks them. If the AI, or you, attack a planet with a starbase, the starbase is not part of it. This for me was another unbelievable WTF. The starbase doesn't defend the adjacent planet?5. Obviously quite a bit of effort into the custom ship building, but you'd have to be nutty to be bothered doing it. So tedious. When you deck a ship out with 10 guns, they seem to all be able to fire at once, even if they're on the back of the ship.6. Planet building is not great. Seems like every planet is always full and you can't do anything else. Gotta wait till you can open up a new hex.7. The entire money system is trivial. You don't have to build any markets etc and it's easy to have enough money. I 90% ignored the monetary part of the game and it didn't matter8. ok, the tech tree is pretty nice and well implemented9. There are a bunch of galactic resources that the AI seems huge on collecting, but they have a trivial outcome on the game. They can be completely ignored10. There is this insane mad scramble at the start of the game to colinize every available planet. No regard to how to defend these far off empires.11. it is crazy easy to capture an enemy planet. You create a ship, put 3 million (or is it billion?) civilians in it, and it will defeat almost any enemy planet, even if there are 15 million people on it. The defensive improvements you can make give a trivial improvement to defence and you don't actually create solders or tanks. Lame.12. I liked the way you could have multiple planets support a ship building dock13. No spying. All you have to do is talk to other civs and you can see what techs they have and how they are decking out their ships.Wow, that's more lame stuff than I would have guessed. Well, it's maybe not all that bad. I enjoyed it, but it wasn't a good game. I really think this was a result of the bad management dictating bad decisions. Oh well."
76561198050032267,Recommended,226860,15470598,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Vitorion,"For a game still in beta, Galactic Civilizations III is already a solid 4X game. But it still has bugs, and the campaign is also not available yet, so if you want to play a complete game, wait until the release. But if you are dying for a science fiction strategy game and can live with the bugs, then go get it. And it will continue getting better, even after the release.You can design your own ships, and not only regarding its weapons and components: you can completely change their look, add blocks and parts to create your own aesthetics and etc. You can make your own unique custom civilizations, give them special traits, characteristics and ships. The visuals are awesome. The game will be fully modable, that is, modders will be able to create incredible things. The battles look epic, but beware that you can't play them, as they are meant to be looked at and see the efficiency of your ships against the enemies rather than to be played. The AI will be getting better and better as the release approaches. There are several events with choices for the player to make, but so far, there are no ""massive"" events that change gameplay or add new factions, which I would like a lot to be added. Also, the devs are awesome and listen to their fans.The game series has a very interesting story, which you can take a look at here(http://www.galciv3.com/databanks/timeline)and here(http://www.galciv3.com/databanks/our-story). But even if you aren't interested in the story, you can always play a normal game outside of the yet to come campaign and create your own backstory.One of the things I feel that is lacking in the game though is a deeper soul. It need politics, bigger events (like I mentioned above) and more things to illustrate the universe and your civilization. But the devs do have plans to include LOTS of interesting things in the expansions to come... so I have hope for these features.*After game launch edit*Well, apart from the obvious improvements and polishing, the only relevant thing I've got to talk about is the campaign. I just finished it today and have to say that it is short. But I didn't do all of the optional objectives - I rushed in several parts, and didn't play the campaign with the same depth and care I would have done in a normal game. That's because I was more interested in finishing it than enjoying it. So the campaign can be a lot longer and more interesting if you play it correctly.My opinion about the game is still good. Honestly, I don't think that the campaign is meant to be the main game mode. It is comparable to the scenarios from Civ V. They are only a secondary game experience. The core of the game is, instead, to play the classical mode - just choose your opponents and map type and win one of the victory conditions. The same applies for GalCiv III.I really can't understand the massive negative reviews the game is getting. I haven't got bugs so far - although I might be lucky regarding bugs - and if you followed the dev streams like I did, you can rather easily understand the little flaws of the game, which the devs said they would be fixing until after the game launch. In fact, they clearly said that they will continue to add new features to the game even after launch through free patches. And if you think the game still need some deeper and more immersive mechanics (which I agree with), such as a more in depth diplomacy, United Planets system and population characteristics, then don't worry, because Stardock has said that they plan to add all of these things in future expansions and DLC, so that they can develop these features with more refinement and polish."
,Recommended,226860,15892673,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Fight Milk,If you combine Distant Worlds and Civ 5 you get this game. It's deep enough to be fun but not so deep that it is a chore or a micromanagement nightmare.
,Recommended,226860,15842044,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Vaporous Shadow,"This is kind of a cautious recommendation. The base game is good, but as it stands it kind of has the same problem that Civ 5 did at launch, where there just isn't enough content or polish to really keep it going. There are still quite a few typos in the game, the amount of random colonization events is very low (I saw repeats in my first game ever!), and the AI is just not quite there. As it stands, this isn't as complete a game as GalCiv 2 Ultimate is. I feel like after a few expansions, this game will be one of the best 4X strategy games out there, but until then I would only get this if your a fan of the GalCiv series or just really want to play it. Its a good game, but it could definitely be better."
,Recommended,226860,16085669,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,[GR|CMX]Shadowslayer[RCN],"I've been playing this game for over two weeks now, I finished the campaign, and I'm about halfway through a sandbox match. So far, this is the best space strategy game I've ever played. The ship designer is amazing, the adjacency system is easy to learn and extremely useful for specializing planets, and the ship combat is very well detailed. It was a little jarring to no longer see an invasion battle screen anymore, and the gameplay mechanics were a little hard to get the hang of at first, but in my experience the transition wasn't any harder than it was to transition from Dread Lords to Twilight of the Arnor and Dark Avatar. The only bug I've ever had with this game is the ship designer crashing occasionally, but it seems to have stopped with the recent patches. There's still plenty of features pending for this game in the future, but I'd rather play them as they're added than have to learn them all at once at the end of this game's support."
76561198013632145,Recommended,226860,16240845,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,FireStorm20,"I have played  57 hours before writing the review, so i dont  judge to early like i did abit with Star Drive 2. All in all i like the game very much. I was a GalCiv2 big fan, and i also was a bit sceptic after seeing early images, that its to much like GalCiv2.As i played GalCiv 3  longer, i noticed the new features and started using them, resulting in different gameplay. I will write in 2 sections about my experience in points, first section overall, second comparison to Galciv2.OVerall :1 + Decent/good AI. I wasnt able to beat the game at highest setting, despite a few tries. Sure its mostly due to its bonuses I suppose but im still happy i wasnt. On  tough and challenging diff it still  bite back and overall did reasonable stuff. I wish there  was another setting between  tough and sucicdal.Also it would be nice if the AI was playing abit smarter , not mostly being hard due to bonuses.2 +The game is slow, as with all GalCiv, so you have to give it some time, learn its mechanics to have most fun.3 +The art and music is very nice.4+ Overall everything one could expect from a good  4x game: Many races, custom races, long tech tree, many events,ship design, shaping your own ideology, good writing and humour...As with all Galciv games, there is no tactical battle tough. (for some its  a plus for soem a minus)5 + Stable. I had one crash in the 65 hours.6 - Imho the early game  pace is off. The expansion race is just silly. There is no mechanic to slow you down. its colonize colonize and colonize some more with maybe a few mining starbases. In galciv2 the economy stoppped you from overextending, it doesnt seem to happen in Galciv 3.I would give the game a 8/10 i think atm. There is still some balancing and AI refining to be done imho.GalCiv 3 new features, compared to Galciv2:1- There are now strategic recources that you can use to build very powerful weapons and improvements early on. So you got this tottaly new layer, if you want to race to grab them on , and rely on them. On other hands they are scatteredand its hard to defend the bases that are mining them. It changed my Galciv2 playstyle in a  big way.2-The affinty/morality is  abit different. You got a tiered tree with upgrades that you unlock. Its imho a nice change, i have i  think more fun with this then in Galciv2 approach.3-There are now adjecancy bonuses on planets, so you got to think a bit more about designing it.Overall i hadnt the impression to be playing a reskinned GalCiv 2, imho its a proper sequel.4- Very nice addtion of planet independent shipyards , to which you can assign up to 5 planets. Reduces micromanagement a lot."
76561198010901696,Recommended,226860,13447919,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Tonberry,This is going to be soooo good when its finished. Its polished looks good and plays well and its still only beta.Needs work on-AI-A few missing features-A few small UI nags-Campaign (STORY PLEASE!)That is literally it
76561198059194958,Not Recommended,226860,26599224,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,peter.huebner,"I've played every single iteration of Galactic Civilizations ... from the earliest days when this was one of the few games out for OS/2. I have enjoyed all of them. Until now. Yes, sadly.Galciv 3 is as different from Galciv 2 as Civilization 3 is different from Civilization 5 as far as shift in game mechanics on the surface is concerned. There is only one problem with GalCiv3: it is as boring as Dante's Hell. I have not finished a single game. I have started a couple dozen times, and every time, 3, 4, 5 hours into a game I get so bored that I simply loose interest.The map, zoomed out, seems busy, but really, there's little to do except monotonously scout scout scout and pop anomalities. The research has been revamped, but, in my opinion not for the better: it is obscure why the old tree has been changed like this, in a way that it makes less sense, and practically every thing has been recycled, only it's been put in a different place (and you now have to choose between options that were previously all obtainable, but ok, so what, life goes on). It doesn't add challenge, it just makes it less interesting compared to GalCiv II when you have logged several hundred hours on the latter. Even if you expand the research tree so you can see a little better where you're coming from and where you might be going to, it's counter intuitive and just 'bleh' compared to previous iterations.Very hard to give your research direction now.The new planetary maps .... um. Ok, the hex based system and the mutual benefits you can get from matching building types are different, and seem an enhancement. On the other hand, the ''trade goods' that you could previously research and then build are now relegated to being random pop ups on newly colonized worlds, without their influence on the whole empire being unclear. This way they've become more of an irritant than 'something to rush for' that they previously were.Graphically - well, they have spent a lot of effort on this. Assuming you zoom in on things, you are in for a lot of chrome and glitz. Really, it is beautiful. But since I always play as far zoomed out as I can, I don't see any of that. Hey, it's a strategy game, and so I like to work on strategies, and that works best with the 'large picture'.If you want a really good space based 4X, get GalCiv 2 - Twilight of the Arnor. Without a doubt, in my personal opinion, a far superior game.Galciv III is a lame, somewhat aimless re-brewing of old tea leaves that makes me visualize a confused little old lady wandering around at night in the snow under the street lights, not being able to remember where she lives or what her name is. Very disappointing to me. I'll rather load up a game of the very dated Alpha Centauri Alien Crossfire, or Galciv 2, or Civilization 3 to Beyond Earth. Each one has no problems holding my interest with that 'just one more turn' factor that keeps me up into the wee hours. Galciv III just doesn't have that. As I said: a few hours into a new game I just want to turn it off and go watch paint dry."
76561198010715947,Recommended,226860,15468459,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Krevette,"This game was almost just an empty hull when it appeared on Early Acces. The progress was slow at the beginning but the game was, and is running stable. There are still bugs but those aren't frequent. It simply feels like a very solid basis and gets better and better with every update. Now the devs are punching out updates quite often and those mostly add many new features and mechanicks to the game. So you don't need to be afraid that the game gets abandoned.Most of the features are already in the game now so you can enjoy playing already. I still think that the AI is plain stupid but that is a subject to change.The game looks beautiful. Lots of nice artwork for colonies and events.Gameplay is like Gal Civ 2 (what is good) but it also has some new features that make sence, so the game looks even better - it is not just a cheap remake.The ship designer for example looks very nice and is better then in Gal Civ 2 already.The battles don't look that good jet but I'm sure that this is not the final version of it anyway. (early acces it is)What makes me feel confident about this game, is that it seems to be built on a solid basis and that the devs know what they are doing so there is not much that could go wrong.I'm really looking forward into this game when it gets finished because I'm having fun playing already.If you like round based 4X games, then grab it, you (most likely) won't regret it."
76561197967674689,Not Recommended,226860,24089584,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Creep-sama,"wtf?bought this game for 40 Euros and half of races are not playable, because i need to buy dlc?"
,Not Recommended,226860,16007771,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Thardoz,"I really want to like this game, because it has everything I ever wanted in a 4x MoO clone. On top of that it looks good, is modable and has a great community of players.But (at least at this time) this game is a single endeavor of frustration for me.The AI is of palpable incompetence. Due to focus on expansion I had next to no military fleets and a ""Godlike"" Drengi race declared war on me (finally!) and then did not attack me for 20 turns.  Even then their attacks amounted only to some unorganized probing attacks, while they wasted their time churning up a minor race at the other end of the map.  That is not ""Godlike"", but rather stupid.The diplomacy is hit and miss. I have seen worse and you can work out some nice deals with neighbors. However, as soon as you even start to build enough ships to defend just your core worlds (and not every nook and cranny of your empire) they get worried about your militarism and even the best relations decline rapidly.The worst? Bugs, crashes, crippling gameplay issues that bleed all the fun totally dry.Right now I am +15 hours into building an empire. Am allied with two minor and a major race and at war with two majors and a minor. I do have roughly 20 starbases deployed. Whenever I now hit ""TURN"" for the next turn, a battle between two Drengi fleets and two of my scouts happens. Which always ends with the scouts getting destroyed. Right when that happens, my game crashes. Regardless if I chose ""Quick Battle"" or decided to watch it.So I load the last save. Which was done JUST before hitting ""TURN"". And I have to ""Upgrade Starbase"" again for half a dozen Starbases where I just had said ""Pass"" to refuse the updating as I am waiting for a more worthwhile update later on. So after clicking through that AGAIN and hitting ""TURN"", the battles take place again and the game crashes yet again.When I destroy the two Scouts myself, another space battle (a minor against one of my Survey ships) takes place and results in yet another crash.So .... looks like the +15 hours I poured into that ""Empire"" are lost. Do I want to start over yet again? Not until these crippling bugs are ironed out.Stardock has not done itself a favor selling a beta as a ""full"" game. I do mind paying for a full price game and then having to play guinea pig for blatant and show stopping bugs."
76561198024053557,Recommended,226860,35031697,Posted: 17 September,all,exintc97,"I have put almost 500 hours playing Galactic Civilizations III.   Before that, I put a similar number of hours into Galactic Civilizations I and II and their expansions, dating back about 15 years.If you're looking for a ""fair"" game, with all the kinks worked out, this is not it.  Galactic Civilization III has got issues, with bugs, the AI, and balance.   While it does technically have multiplayer--not really.  It takes too long to play, and it's too unbalanced.  But what keeps me going back for hours and hours is the exploration.   This is a turn-based space 4X game.  I'm obsessed with numbers, and I'm constantly competing against myself, trying to maximize the numbers in my own favor with whatever new map I get.   It has around 25 different factions you can play, plus the ability to create your own custom factions and to download others'.What makes the Galactic Civilizations series different is the presence of the developers online, and the game is still evolving even as you play it.   The game is not really a finished product when it first walks out the door, but you get to know the devs' personalities, and they are continually changing and rebalancing the game as it goes along.   The game you play 6 months down the road is not the same game you first bought, but that means you sink more hours playing it; because it's a different game.    It's a living, breathing, changing game, but an imperfect one.    That may not be everyone's cup of tea.  But you won't know if you don't try."
76561198046631477,Not Recommended,226860,18881815,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,S.A. Dusty Poncho,"Game AI makes it almost unplayable in some circumstances. There are frequent minor bugs and occasional major issues that cause freezes or hiccups, and rarely but still-too-common crashes. Inconsistencies in in-game play rules make unit travel and pathfinding unreliable and often nonsensical. Tedious and unfun micromanagement of planetary construction is required, as the in-game AI for planet development is unreliable and does not build in effective ways. Recent updates have been removing important tools for economy and production control. On top of this, many things are being released as payed DLC that should be included features, making the game incomplete and requiring extra payment beyond the initial purchase to access core features. These were released after my purchase, and I had expected regular content updates to the game as it was developed, not DLC releases."
,Not Recommended,226860,33365128,Posted: 7 July,all,DC,"The espionage system in Crusade expansion is broken.During course of normal game you get ~25 citizens. They are extremely precious. Citizen can be trained to be Administrator. And this gives you minimum 5 administration points (with each level Administrator adds 1 administration point to the pool). Administration points are required for everything: colonizing a planet, building a starbase, constructing a survey ship. These are essentials.Also, citizen can be trained to be a spy.The only way to root out enemy spy from your colony is to get your own spy killed at him. 2 spies ""erease"" each other.Now consider you have 12 civilizations in the game. You get 12 (almost half of all you get!) citizens just WASTED. Oh yes, AI for sure will plant their spies into your colonies! Been there, tried that.Now consider you have 32 civilizations on the map.Now consider you (and AI) gets spies for free when certain tech is researched or certain building is built. You have, say, +2 free spies. And 12 AI civs have 12*2=24 ADDITIONAL spies to plant on your colonies. So you will have to waste 24-2=22 MORE citizens just to root out enemy spies.Why spies are anoying? They steal your techs and decrease by 20% your colony's output (either production, or science, or other output)."
76561198008098160,Not Recommended,226860,24641953,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,upfrontmanager,"Game AI is a bit to aggressive.  The game is a lot of fun, but you will be behind the AI in tech, ships, and everything else by mid game.  It has all kinds of road blocks to keep you from advancing.  It will then decalre war on you, and peel you like an onion.  I spent @ 45 hours on it in Beginner mode.  I never made it past the second age without being invade on all fronts by every race in the galaxy.  And now the latest patch INCREASED the AI aggression.It's a lot of fun, but you will burn out.  There are better ways to waste your money."
,Recommended,226860,15816679,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Kinthalis,"A great 4X franchise finally returns with all sorts of tweaks and changes that improve on the great Gal Civ formula and make that ""just one more turn"" feeling that much harder to avoid!If you like 4X, if you like startegy with top notch AI, and definitely if you liked Gal Civ I or II, you NEED to pick this game up!Some of the highlights:- Nice shiny graphics full of little details that make the galaxy map a pleasure to behold.- A new synergy system for colonization that rewards strategic placement of buildings, and allows you to specialize a planet to a huge degree!- Ship building system that lets you make just about anything you can imagine, from something out of your favorite sci-fi, to crazy robots in space!- Rehauled combat system that allows you to customize the various roles your ships fill, making combat that much more strategic. Also, the space battles look amazing!- The great AI from Gal Civ II is back, and so are the super short turn times, this ain't your grand-daddy's Civ.Finally, the devs love this game and they think of it as a long term platform. Expect lots of cool stuff to come done the pipeline. You'll be coming back to this game over and over for many years. There's a lot of value here guys."
,Recommended,226860,14484943,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,csmith988,"This feels like a great game when it is finished. I have not had any issues to date with crashing, bugs etc. There are definitely features that are not ready yet and buttons greyed out.For the full game, I would like to see a tutorial. I played a little bit of GC II, but still fairly new to the game. There are many different features, specializations, ship types etc that are not immediately intuitive to a newbie. A baseline of understanding would be nice.Additionally, when you research new upgrades for your ships, it creates too many options to choose from. Some sort of simplification or explanation of ship types would be helpful. Maybe you could roll this into the tutorial? Or auto obsolete some ships?"
76561198046536997,Recommended,226860,14687065,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,spookY,"I've only played through one campaign so far, but holy jeepers this is good. It's an excellent sequel to the classic 4x. It keeps what made Cal Civ 2 great, and improves on a few elements.The ""allignment"" system now has a lot more to it. The diplomacy system gives you far more options. The addition of ""shipyards"" simplifies and streamlines military production, as well as adds new strategic structures to fight over. The tech trees additions makes technology feels more interesting.  The ship designer? Oh man, the ship designer. I havn't messed around with it too much, but it's more or less a whole other game. You have nearly limitless options for ship designs.I'm excited for this to come out of beta, and I'm really happy that one of the best PC games of all time has a worthy successor."
76561198009643878,Recommended,226860,16031284,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Knight Lazarus,"A fun game with loads of content and stunning graphics, but I would not recommend running this on a PC with anything less than a 6GB RAM, a 2.3 GH processor, and a dedicated gpu.  I need to upgrade if I want to enjoy this damn hog without frame-rate issues!  Play Endless Space if you don't meet the recommended system requirements for this game."
,Recommended,226860,35112398,Posted: 21 September,all,Defiant Heretic,"Remake of GCII?I used to love previous titles to the bone, even for their issues and bugs - but I am unwilling to ignore problems in this title - specially if the GCIII feels for the most part as scrapped base game that is being redeemed by DLC's. Bugs and specially crashes used to be a common thing, now the situation is much better.Why would I recommend such title then? Well, for most part, price of the game dropped significantly and if you can get gold edition, do it. For very reasonable price around 25-30 euro in sale you'll get a good game that is finally more than just GCII polished copy. Gameplay is great, you can go easy on yourself or accept the challenge. Singleplayer and sandbox is really nice, multiplayer is a possibility.++ Singleplayer sandbox experience++ Game is very modddable - from the custom race till the completely new content+ General gameplay+ Massive technology tree+ Ship customization+ Graphic. Game engine working great with huge galaxies, even on my mediocre rig.+ Possibilities and new game mechanics from DLC's+ UI is very inuitive and friendly to newbies+- Crashes. Solved for me in the moment, very rarely still happens though.+- AI is doing seemingly good job but as many other games, it's hard to feel challenged yet un-cheated- Combat is like a movie - you cannot do a thing and from experience point of view, you will learn really fast to cheese most of AI's fleets to beat them easily. Could use more balance.- Exploration and colonization becomes tidious with very ""same and same"" feeling after a while.- Ideologies have not proper impact on gameplay- Custom user's made races are usually OP and in singleplayer beats other AI opponents, no problem. Of course, this is a minor issues also related to choose to use them in your games :)7,5/10""Oh, so now you wanna trade? I would say you will make a great slaves to us, Drengin!"
76561198007278817,Not Recommended,226860,28245445,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,tastyburger,"I really wanted to like this game - I've spent so many countless hours in the past playing gal civ 2, and now the third installment is here and I've barely have gotten around to wanting to play it.They essentially sucked all life out of this game. All the components are there, it works and runs, but it feels very bland. Some of the little things from Galciv 2 were removed and I am not even sure why since they were so great!I don't think I've ever fully completed a single game on here yet because it becomes so dull."
76561198048680219,Recommended,226860,12830435,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Kedaku,"((Game still in Beta))So far the management system is looking rather good.  I like how the next button does not show up if you have an idle ship, planet, research, or space dock.  At first I was not sure about it, but now I find that it’s actually rather helpful, to let me know if I have a ship I forgot and its doing nothing.  So good job on that.About the diplomatic system.  I think its not complete.  There was one bill that came in to abolish all current wars, and everyone voted yes, but the 2 wars I was in was not abolished and I was still being attacked.  Also there was an election for the chair and the two races I was at war with voted for me.  That kinda seems odd, I thought they would vote against me.  So perhaps the AI needs some tweaking.The Difficulty.  Maybe the difficulty settings are not complete, but I was playing on the easiest that it allows, and I still found it to be a bit hard.  I am a casual gamer. In Galactic Civilizations II, there was a good range of difficulty, the where even some settings that where too easy for me, and some that are too hard.  But in GC III, the lowest setting is a bit too hard for a low setting, so I hope even lower, and perhaps higher settings will come in eventually.I have noticed sometimes while I am in the manage dialogue box for a planet, and hover over a bonus slot, the details are not completely readable due to the box not being big enough.There is one thing I am hoping that would be added.  Galactic Civilizations II for me was nearly a perfect game.  It had so many propertys that where awesome about it.  but there was one downfall in my opinion.  The combat system.  Its okay being able to see the battle conspire, but it was still a bit lame.  I hope that in Galactic Civilizations III there would be a combat system similar to Star Wars Empire at War.  Being able to command the ships you build in battle would greatly take this game to the next level.  And I am sure many would agree."
76561198065269702,Not Recommended,226860,24417101,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Tranquil Texan,Everything in this game feels like it takes forever to accomplish. It takes tons of turns to move ships around the map and tons of time to research and construct things. The AI allies keep begging for things. Combat animation is very simplistic and the visuals in general don't seem all that different from Gal Civ II.  There are times the game gets bugged/stuck in wait mode during the time the computer players are taking their turn so I have to quit to the main menu and reload a saved game.
76561198007909003,Recommended,226860,12657424,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Brick57,Well as a player of the older Galactic Civilizations games i can say im liking the way this is looking. Though i do have to agree that right now its still an alpha. Many of the features havent been implemented and a decent amount of the UI is still greyed out.  For now i give it a thumbs up.
76561198007586953,Not Recommended,226860,15976291,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Hero Of The Reich,"Huge let down. They played it ""safe"" and made a less interesting, slightly more pretty gal civ 2. Many of the features of gal civ 2 are absent and most everything else is exactly the same. Fleet battles look horrible and are a joke. They are exactly the same as in gal civ 2. The ships aimlessly float toward eachother and then off in all directions. Invasions? No different than before. Just one screen and thats it. Overall the game is heavy on hardware for no apparent reason, boring, without soul or nearly any entertaining qualities at all. Sad I wasted money on this garbage."
76561198097859003,Recommended,226860,13445964,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Brice,"So far they have improved on every part of this game. Except for the tech tree. So much harder to use now, and that makes it harder to plan out your game. Once you get the hang of the new tree though (again you should't have to the old tech tree was great) It's like playing a nicer version of Galactic Civ II. This is a great game and I can't wait to see what they did with the story. I highly recomend buying and playing this game."
76561198035658645,Recommended,226860,16146374,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Slo-Moe,"I’ve played GalCiv 3 since late beta, running an i7 with 12 GB of RAM.  I haven’t tried the in-game campaign and have played only single-player using medium and large galaxies vs. all 8 in-game AI factions + assorted minor factions.   You can go much bigger than that if your machine will support it, but I've found large galaxies make for very satisfying games.  I highly recommend smaller galaxies for your first games, so that you can get going more easily.  As others have pointed out, the bigger you play, the more RAM you will need.Summary:  Fun game, your decisions matter.  AI factions are entertaining, imperfect, and improving.  Ship designer keeps game interesting.  Stardock user community is active and helpful.  There is a learning curve and some rough edges, but lots of entertainment value for my money (more than most games).Pros:- Most of the decisions you have to make matter.  Each tech you research, each colony improvement you build makes a noticeable improvement -- your ships become more powerful, colonies are more productive, your influence and bargaining power increase.  You aren’t overwhelmed by near-meaningless busy-work or grinding to grow your empire.- Every faction feels different, much more so than, say, in the Civ series. Tech trees change depending on which faction you play, and the strengths and weaknesses of each faction feel important.  Plus, you can make all the custom factions you want, or download others' factions from Stardock's website (Steam workshop support should be coming soon, too).- AI factions have personality and give you feedback.  An AI faction might warn you off if you're amassing ships near their border, or let you know they value the trade route you have with them.  I quickly get to like/despise/fear each faction in the game, and this also changes from one game to the next depending on your choices and how the game progresses.  One game, I was planning to go to war with one faction, but then they surprised me with a small gift, expressing admiration for my society.  So I gave them some help, we became friends and are now fighting an enemy faction together.  This has made for a much more interesting story than the old smash-em-all slog that many 4x games become.- Ship combat is more interesting than GalCiv 2 -- not just rock-paper-scissors, but ships are assigned roles like assault, guardian, escort, support, and these roles affect combat.  Your ship designs and fleet composition make a big difference.  Much like Civ, I would say the battles are fought strategically, not tactically (you're the admiral directing the war(s); you're not the captain making in-battle decisions).- The ship designer lets you make any ship you want; customize load-outs and/or appearance as you like. You can even download and use others' ship designs – some users have already posted some interesting designs.  I get weary of 4x games where every faction has the same old units -- not here.   While I haven't seen it myself yet, word from other users is that the AI will learn to use the units you design too.  Never the same game twice!- Adjacency bonuses – e.g., two factories next to each other make each other better – make planning improvements on your colonies more interesting than just loading up a build-queue.  It adds some strategic planning to your colony management without overwhelming you in too many details.- If you love to micro-manage, you can tinker with just about everything, and most of the numbers you see have pop-up tooltips showing you where they come from.  If you prefer, you can play a rewarding game without worrying about min-/maxing every little decision.- The UI and graphics have improved dramatically over GalCiv 2.  It's easy to move through the turns and most decisions can be enacted quickly and intuitively.- Nebulae, black holes, wormholes and asteroid fields add more “terrain” features to the map than GalCiv 2 had, and these can be relevant for positioning, hiding, or escape.  As well, there are more galactic resources which can be mined for improved technologies.- The Stardock user-community is generally helpful and respectful; if you have questions, ask, and someone will answer pretty quickly.Cons:- If you're not really familiar with the GalCiv games of the past, or even if you are, there's a learning curve.  There is a manual on Stardock’s site, and you may need to scout the web or forums for help.  I’ve gotten answers to my questions from the Stardock user community usually very quickly.  When playing your first game or two, expect to make an occasional unfortunate decision only to learn later that it wasn’t what you might have expected.- Game is a little rough around the edges (some spelling errors, the odd tech doesn’t work the way it’s advertised, AI occasionally does something dumb), but no disastrous issues and improvements are happening all the time:  2 patches since release and version 1.1 is coming in June.  I've had one CTD, but with auto-save I lost only a couple of turns, so no big deal.- Espionage is non-existent, and Diplomacy is fairly basic – you can trade and ask another faction to go to war with/for you (for a price).  Like with any other 4x game, I expect more to come in future patches/expansions.- Not all information is accessible when you want it – e.g., you can’t review the state of your empire before responding to an AI’s trade request.  While once in a while this can be awkward, it’s far from game-breaking."
76561198021121718,Not Recommended,226860,24546929,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Insatiable,"A nice game, but nothing spectacular.  Here's my breakdown.Plusses:Endless ship design customizationSmart AIPretty good diplomacy options (compared to competitors)Negatives:Incredibly boring ship design customizationZero combat controlOverall, this game caters to those who are already big Gal Civ fans, but it lacks the depth to hold other people for too long."
,Not Recommended,226860,15864149,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Lalkin,"This review is from the point of view of someone who ONLY plays multiplayer.This game shows promise. However at this time multiplayer is barely functional with numerous bugs and limitations.Game lobby is lacking. Can't see racial information, Can't have more than one of each AI race. Can't see or change game options once people join lobby. Can't have more than 4 human players. Can't play on any decently large maps. Can't use custom races, Can't change color. Can't make private or set password on games. the list goes on.Once in the game you get to deal with bugs and bad MP design. Auto upgrading of buildings queues 4 times for each building. Players play in turn and while you can do a part of your turn between turns several signifigant parts of your turn you can't. this makes for very slow turn cycles.There are also game sync bugs. Issues loading saves,With all of this (and there is more but I'm getting tired of trying to think of everything) There are also all of the general bugs and issues that both SP and MP games deal with.I expect this game will be very good in SP sometime soon. I really hope all of the issue with MP are fixed as well. At this time however I do not think this game is worth $50, or $30 for that matter. Fix the bugs and I'll be happy I bought the game. Right now I feel like I have bough a lemon."
76561198027161875,Recommended,226860,32995720,Posted: 29 June,all,abonamente,"This review is for Galactic Civilizations 3 Gold, which includes the Crusade expansion. It is important to make the distinction between GC3 and GC3 Crusade, a related, but different game.TLDR: GC3 Crusade is the game that finally made me forget that I also have Master of Orion 2 installed on my PC. Currently it is my favorite 4x space game. Its complexity, constant ‘upgrades’ and such, infinite replayability at a ridiculously small price are hard to miss points to anyone looking for such games.First impressions: a very complex 4x space TBS, in a permanent ‘early access’ (NOT in a bad way) state of development. What does it mean? It is a great, very enjoyable game, and the developers are in touch with the community and open to suggestions. They constantly add or improve features, based on the feedback from players. The game you play this month may be quite different from the game you played a couple months ago. All these free patches, alongside the paid DLC which never stops coming, make things very dynamic and although some players might prefer a more ‘stable’ or ‘definitive’ version of the game, I, personally, much prefer this approach. So, it is open to debate, but I, for one, give it two very enthusiastic thumbs up. Paid once, get to try multiple versions of the game and the fun never stops. There is always something new to discover or try, and they are not arbitrary changes, but they try to approximate what the community desired.Top 10 things I like:1.	it is turn based2.	it is a 64bit modern game, allowing the policy of changes I mentioned before; nothing seems too complex for its engine to handle, no wishes seem unlikely to become reality3.	unique in 4x space gaming planetary surface management4.	unique in 4x gaming civilization and combat units designer; and I mean ‘designer’, not ‘customization’5.	unique in 4x space gaming modularity of systems, as complex and interactive as the ones found in games like Civilization (one of the very few games that define the standards for 4x gaming)6.	procedurally generated tech tree, based on player’s civilization design7.	complex resource management systems and choices, allowing a vast variety of valid strategies, according to circumstances and player’s preferences8.	fairly adequate diplomatic mechanics, which not that many 4x games feature9.	space combat may not allow manual tactical control, but the strategic level is very good: the way you choose to conduct your research, general development of the civilization, diplomacy, your ideological choices, unit and fleet development, espionage – everything has something to do with the outcome of your wars; victory in a fleet to fleet confrontation is only the final act of a well orchestrated process leading to that combat situation10.	the developers are not shy when it comes to DLC; some of this downloadable content has a dramatic impact on gameplay, it isn’t just decorative stuffWhat I miss in this game:1.	Did you ever want to play a 4x game featuring huge empires, allowing you to play for months and build extraordinary civilizations? Well, this game is not it. Not yet. Although it can accommodate insane/ludicrous galaxies, the gameplay mechanics and the user interface make the attempts at playing on such scale futile. Everything beyond a certain size is both boring (just more of the same) and frustrating (the management of your assets becomes a nightmare)."
76561198124932274,Not Recommended,226860,23894521,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ntek Sr,"Well... I bougt the game because of that i loved Gal Civ 2.Gal.Civ 3 is perfect if you love chrashes and repeating pointless stuff. And of course, insted of fixing the game they make DLC, lots of DLC.Because of the abusing of DLC Stardoc is now on the black list togeather with Paradox."
76561198107146140,Not Recommended,226860,20151226,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,StarFury,"My opinion after 16 hours of playing GCIII - game mechanics are almost identical to GCII, and the whole thing feels like a graphic remake of its predecessor, but it also feels incomplete. Here are few problems:Beginning with Interface menus that do not offer even a half of the options you had before to customize your experience during gameplay. Resource icons for example make a mess out of the map when zoomed out, making it really hard to observe the gameplay. I haven't found any options to address this.Taxing system for your colonies is removed and only way to manage your economical income is through single wealth/manufacturing/research slider. I don't yet have a definitive opinion on this, but for now this new income system feels little vague.The hype about incredible AI that utilizes each core of your expensive i7 to provide you the best and most complex GalCiv experience is just hype. Reality is that for 16 hours of gameplay I haven't noticed any singe improvement compared to GalCIv II. The opponents react exactly the same in same situations, making same diplomatic propositions, and making same strategic mistakes as before (small example: just leave barely habitable class 5 planet next to your starting homeworld and AI rush to take it, spending a colony ship and bunch of money for improvements, just to loose the planet after few turns due to overwhelming influence of your nearby homeworld).Spying is completely missing leaving you to guess what your opponents are doing, researching or building on their home planets. I read somewhere that developers plan to program ""deeper"" spying system than before, so they left it completely out. Really? Releasing a full-priced game without a crucial feature that existed in its predecessor, with a promise that it will be included in eventual DLCs that you have to pay for additionally?Why developer haven't taken more time to finish their ideas and then release the full version, or at least implement the old style feature and then improve it later?Speaking to another civilization should lead to trading screen right away (99% of the time this is where player wants to go), rather than opening a pointless splash screen. It is eye candy, but it is very inconvenient as you have to click twice. Furthermore, ""trade with you"", and ""declare war on you"" are two choices just next to each other making it a miss-click accident waiting to happen.There are more smaller and bigger issues to remark and I will edit this interview if I find more or if I change my opinion on it, but in its current state this release is not worth the money as it offers less than GalCiv II."
76561197968959943,Recommended,226860,14697986,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Lepus,"Great game, with a lot of potention, so far.Still needs a lot of work tho.One thing I dislike is that the AI's react almost the same, and are very easily manipulated in Trade.And maybe special racial abilities for all races would be awesome.But definitely worth the time (and money) ^^"
,Recommended,226860,15524962,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,dulake6527,"This game is beautiful.  Its been released, I've played about 10 hours since the official release and have had 1 crash to desktop, not bad (I suppose)... problems are still being identified by both the developers and community and bugs are being repaired promptly.  The developers are very enthusiastic about GalCiv III and it really shows in the game, the graphics are crisp, the customisation is some of the most intricate I have ever seen and the combat is pretty spectacular.  This is a superb 4x strategy game, anyone who has played and enjoyed previous Gal Civ titles is going to love this.Now that the game has been officially released, I have had a chance to complete the campaign, it was good, but a little short... I think they have plans to release more campaigns/scenarios in the future (I will update this review accordingly) but I am a little concerned over how they have been plugging DLC for a while.For the time being I am happy with this purchase.  The only real negative I have with this game is that the planetary invasion its somewhat of a let down and makes the game feel unfinished, but according to the devs they are going to be overhauling this feature in a future patch.I recommended this title for any person that loves 4x strategy games. 8/10  (but will probably score higher once the invasions are overhauled)."
76561197973307364,Not Recommended,226860,15926586,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Jordon,"Lacks so much of what you expect in a modern 4x game. The UI is lackluster, dialogues don't even mention what race is contacting you. You can't check other info before making decisions.Consequences seem to have little affect, even being at war feels unexciting. Special resources seem massively overpowered, and you can rule the game using experimental weapons so much more powerful than conventional weapons. The manufacturing pace feels out of balance. Killing a shipyard mid game and have it respawn the next turn.The game is buggy - I made ship designs in a previous game that required large hull research, in a new game I could build these even though they were overweight if I tried to design it afresh. I've been able to build ships that require special resources with no limit, going endlessly into negative special resources.The game crashed to desktop, frequently, without any real reason.The battle sequences are completely pointless, take forever and look terrible (especially the way the ships slide sideways and backwards awkwardly). Nobody will ever bother to watch one out, a waste of the developers time.All in all the game does what you expect. It's a 4x game with nothing very wrong. Just, everything is sub-par. What you'd expect from a 15 yr old game. Every 4x game I've played in the last 5+ years is better. I expected so much more."
,Recommended,226860,11773082,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Aedaric,"Definitely another recommended Gal Civ game for the collection!  The ship creator is amazing and can only get better, the AI currently is under development, however is suitable for the needs of brutally testing the mechanics of the game.  More to come on my review.  I've posted a few posts in the forums regarding my bug reports and recommendations, however the developers are active and naturally I feel this will be a great addtion to the GalCiv collection!"
,Not Recommended,226860,33719285,Posted: 22 July,all,WoofWoof,"Appears to have variety and breadth on the surface, but lack of depth and dynamic play becomes painfully apparent after a while."
,Recommended,226860,15852808,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,B-Point,"I'm a big fan of Master of Orion 2, Gal Civ was never interesting, because it had no multiplayer.But now, here it is! I bought this game in early access, last year around christmas.The game was very rudimentary and not very polished, so i played a couple of hours and decided to wait till release.And now, I'm looking at one of the best 4x space games that have come out in years! Serious, it has flaws, but overall it is the best 4x space game you can expect these days.Here are my pros:- The Tech-tree is gigantic and very diversified. You have often to choose which of three possible techs you want, the others are gone, till you are able to trade the techs with someone else.- The building system on planets is unique and maybe you need a little practice before you are able to squeeze the last bit of efficiency out of it.- Colonizing planets let you make ideologic decisions, because every planet comes along with some kind of speciality.Maybe there are natives on the planet and you have now the possibility to decide what will happen to them.Benevolent, would let them keep their lifestyle, which leads to an increment of your ideologic points and gets you a approval   bonus.Pragmatic, would keep them in a reservat and make a tourist attraction of them. (Also getting ideologic points.)Malevolent, would enslave them and use as a cheap labor force.This system makes a lot of fun and seems to be thought through. (Maybe there are balancing issues, but we will see.)- A lot of winning conditions, not just war.- Customizing your race is nearly as good as in moo 2.- Special resources for prototype weapons or buildings.- Ship designer!- A rich map generator, and last but not least...- Multiplayer!The cons:-  Combat is automatic and the battle viewer has some issues getting the scene right and your spacecraft flying in strange circles around the enemy.- No espionage!- Stability issues.(but i could solve mine, by increasing the swap file to at least 4 gb. No problems since. But my friend who wants to play the                                                             game with me, has a lot of problems, although he increased his swap file size too.)- And there are maybe a lot of other minor things that can be personal preference.As a conclusion I can say:This game does a lot of things right and gives you a lot of freedom which you would expect, if you played games like Master of Orion 2 before. It goes even further by giving the community the possibility to mod the game.You can spend dozens of hours in custom games or in multiplayer and every game could be a new experience.There is also a new campaign, which i haven't played yet, but this is a big plus for the singleplayers.Beside some features i would like to see and the bad stability, this game is (can be even better with some addons) the best experience 4x space gamers can get.(Sorry for the bad english!)"
76561197997778582,Recommended,226860,15909271,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,FMD,"Great game but horribly buggy and un balanced. Its hilarious when one nation is just murdering everybody, and nearly everyone is at war with this faction, however every NPC elects them to be the United Planets chairman... 3 times in a row."
,Recommended,226860,18153045,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Amaro Kai,Pro's:    Addicting ship designer...Cons:   Addicting ship designer....400 hours forgetting this was a 4x game.10/10 Best Spaceship Building Simulator
76561198031236542,Recommended,226860,15860899,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Supply Side Jesus,"This is lukewarm recommendation.Pros:1. All elements that made GCiv2 great are still there2. New tech tree redesign improved the game3. New construction yards for startships is a very interesting mechanicCons:1. AI with random, unexplained wars. Defeated AI surrendering to friendly nations, making conquest annoying.2. AI starbase rushing early-on, making mining starbases in your territory.3. Ships are REALLY REALLY expensive, as a result lost fleet = game over.4. Ship combat unchanged, badly needs more options5. Endless planet upgrades, but at least they are automated"
,Recommended,226860,15918091,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Moshe Abrahim Yhezqel,"This game is great, been playing it for around 18 hours or so. It reminds me of the previous installment. The thing i like the most so far is you can have much larger universes now when playing. The largest map size is called insane. I always played custom games on the previous version on the largest map possible with max civs too. I love playing a grand, long game that takes forever to finish. I really can't say there is much i do not like about the game except that it does not come with a wide variety of pre-made factions but you can create all the custom factions you want to have more opponents if you wish. It's just all the good things i liked about the previous installment on a grander scale. More and bigger is better imo. Keep up the good work. I am looking forward to expansions that add more races and possibly more tech trees, or custom tech trees would be cool. The more techs and variety the better and more interesting the game will be. I guess the biggest weakness at the moment even though it's not a big deal, is the game needs more variety.All and all 8/10 score."
,Not Recommended,226860,34197869,Posted: 12 August,all,Arkeangel,"I've played Gal Civ and lots and lots of Gal Civ 2 and I do not find this version particularly good.I gave up playing it because I found that the Dregin are too powerful and have no real negatives.The economy system in Gal Civ 2 was basic but I found you could understand it and work out how to maximise it, in 3 they haven't really added to it and it seems difficult to get to work.Overall I was disappointed with this game and I was enthused enough to put in enough hours to understand and master it.3.5/10Thank you for the comment. I understand where you are coming from as I have made a typo and missed a ""not"" off as I agree 26 hours into a game isn't a long time. Although, this does not register off line time.I wouldn't expect to master a game after 260 hours let alone 26.However, I don't think you understood what I said regarding the mastered part. My point was that I did not see enough in the game to make me want to master it and that is the key part. I enjoy games with many layers of detail as this makes a game replayable.GC3 isn't fun enough for me, I found it clunky and I would do the same thing and get different results. Also fun does not equally winning, fighting against impossible odds and losing is still fun.I played alot of Gal Civ 2 and it took me days to work out what to do. Importantly, I wanted to do this on GC2 but not GC3!I'm guessing you really like Gal Civ 3 which is fine.My point is a game needs to have enough in it to grab you and make you want to play it.In my view this is essential a bad game hence the bad review."
76561197964355770,Recommended,226860,15470815,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Tepshen,"If you enjoyed Gal Civ II and loved it, Gal Civ III is shaping up to be a very nice addition to the series. While incomplete the core elements are very present in the way the game plays. The only frustrations you may have is that this game is still beta so not everything is there yet. Occasionally you will see something that doesnt quite work or doesnt seem as intuitive as it should be. If you dont jump on the beta make sure you come back and take a serious look when it is released.POST ALPHA UPDATE: The game has been out awhile now and has met every expecation. There is alot of depth here and the mechanics all fit together to rewards those that pay attention to detail. There will be a learning curve for those who have never played this type of game before and if this is the case you may find this title isnt the friendliest for beginners. However, if you want to disappear into an 4X game for several days, this is the game is bound to be the gold standard for you!"
76561198031431826,Recommended,226860,15812936,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,apsmar,"I just love 4x Games. I also love big and expansive games that that weeks to play and are slow moving so you can get the most out of each tech. They have made that possible in Galciv III with insane maps sixes and number of opposites. The graphics and interface are very polished. I love the change to planets, what you place where make a huge difference making each planet a unique planing puzzle. I have already lost many nights of sleep on this game. I can not wait to see how the people at stardock add to this game and what the modders do for this game.  My only regret is not buying the elite founders pack when I had the chance."
76561197972362865,Not Recommended,226860,15879064,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,jbhrp3,"I have been a 4x fan since MOO 1, and it is my favorite genre.  When i found out they were making Galactic Civilizations 3, i was looking forward to it.   But it has been a bit of a let down (especially for $50).  It lacks some critical elements: you cant control ship combat, no spying, and the tech tree just isn't quite right.  I would suggest you wait until the price drops, 50 bucks is just too much for this game."
76561197961076135,Recommended,226860,14676521,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Kortan Aledrinker,"Great looking, smooth gameplay and still missing parts of the game that are sorely needed.But all in all, its not shaping up to badly."
,Recommended,226860,22849149,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ddlint67,"I played the first two gal civ games for quite some time.  This third one seems get the balance between micromanaging and the fun of 4x games just about right.  I do kind of miss the galactic news reports from the previous games, some of those were hilarious.  The tech tree can be a little overwhelming for those of us that like to research everything but now it acts more like a tool for customizing your game play style.  Over all I recommend this game to anyone that liked the previous iterations of the game or that likes 4x games in general.  I came to the party late so didn't get to experience the world wheel for each colony but I think it was ultimately a good thing they got rid of it.  The focus buttons make life easier for those of us that like some micromanagement but aren't compulsive about it."
,Not Recommended,226860,23092859,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Mandelbrot1975,"I don't think this is a bad game. I don't think it's a great game. It is sometimes fun, sometimes frustrating (as it should be) but what it's not is GalCiv. GalCiv2 was what everyone needed after a long time had passed since MOO2. Obviously, based on that success, fans were expecting another home run with GalCiv3. And what they got was a single.There's not much new. If anything, it feels ""streamlined"" and has less overall ""stuff"" than GalCiv2 did. That could just be my perspective but I'm certainly feeling less involved this time around. I have mixed feelings about the AI as sometimes it was incredibly smart if not too smart and other times I shook my head in embarassment for them. It just doesn't seem consistent at the mid-to-high difficulty levels.Visually, which is usually not a 4X game strong point, it's pretty but it's not mind blowing. The game has held my attention for 4 or 5 moderately long sessions so far. I'll play it through a few times but if you're expecting something above and beyond GalCiv2, I just don't feel that it's here.That said, this is WAY better than the MOO reboot in Early Access. Yikes, that thing is a mess."
76561198007614274,Recommended,226860,22420237,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,locksly77,"Pro's : Very good gameplay, rewarding ship designs, deep and interesting tech tree, solid graphics, decent strategic layout, grand scale.Cons : End game gets repetitive, major ship hull design changes can get annoying and its hard to make it just right, major slowness late game on huge and above maps.Conclusion : Pros certainly outweigh the cons, I have been enjoying this game and despite being a little bit shallow on the end game, it keeps me coming back :)"
76561198083459063,Not Recommended,226860,30704716,Posted: 24 March,all,Arthur Sickessley,The pet peeve I have with it are the DLCs...The vanilla version is fine but there's quite a lot of content requiring even more payment. I find it rather insulting when I purchased it back when it was 50
76561198002763579,Recommended,226860,15833045,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,=WW§= Spindel,"I was one of those ppl that decided I loved Galatic Civ II and I got that  for $5 on a steam sale so after 800 hrs of that I felt it was well deserved for stardock to get the $99 for the Founder Edition and so far I am utterly pleased.I admit some features in the earlier betas where a little shaky and placing untold fears in my mind, however by beta 6 these fears were entirely vanquished.In short this game is the first game to use 64bit (a technology over a decade old yet due to consoles was never used in gaming before now). As seen with this AI this step into 64bit has made this game exponentially better, as it is the best 4x AI I have ever played against. This AI is multi-dimensional in terms of play styles and personalities of each of the Races and the it has this impressive ability to pick up new factions. For example you create a race via custom race editor that you can play which is really cool. However it gets grander when with a few settings the AI can actually play your previous race creations as Major factions. I repeat Major faction not minor so this they way you can customize your entire gameplay experience even if you do not like the default vanilla races, or expand it and have 16 races instead of the original 8 lol.This idea also applies to the Ship designer in regards to simplicity and adaptability it is very easy to pick up and learn the basics and as you play with it you quickly discover it has incredibly powerful advanced options from size, 3 axis offsetting parts, all the way to even adding animations to individual parts or sections. This allows you to be incredibly creative further more these ships can be saved and exported to other games later on as this feature can be quite a time-sink making you fall in love with your creations. Therefore the import and Export tool is incredibly satisfying to see thought was put into taking a old feature and keeping it great if not make it greater.since it meets my expectations all around I have little negative to say at this stage I have not attempted Multiplayer at this stage so I cannot comment on this (it was not working during beta 3 but since then have not tried again)rare crashes in beta 6 but based on release patch notes these seemed to be fixed.Ok this ended up getting a little longer then intended and quite biased in the positive direction that said I had an idea of what to expect and it delivered so I dont have many cons at this time hahaha sorry"
76561198068137544,Recommended,226860,15894215,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Chet Manly,Won a diplomatic victory by using a fleet of custom built battlestars to exterminate all other races but one then allied with them. Peace through superior firepower. 11/10 would recomend
,Not Recommended,226860,23103708,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,RickF7666,"I'm a big fan of Gal Civ 2 and when I saw that they made a new one with I was very excited.  From the screen shots it looked very pretty and I particulary like the hex maps.  Unfortunately playing the game is a lesson in frustration.Right from the start, even with habital planets set to abbundant the nearest dozen starts to my starting location have no useable planets.  When I finally can reach the other civs territory they have a lot of planets.  This of course has a massive effect as the game progresses.  They are able to get a lot of planets right out of the gate, which means they get a big boost to every stat.  Looking at the graphs, all of mine have very little growth and theirs sky rocket.Oh and let's talk about how civs will go hostile to you for no reason and reguardless of what your diplomacy is.This wasn't just one game, this is every game.  I've restarted several dozen times and it's the same story every time.  I've tried changing the settings from the start and same results.  I can only conclude that either I'm unlucky in the extreme or this sort of thing is done on purpose.I'm going to unload the game for now and wait for another update and see if anything changes.  For myself this game is just to broken to play and there is no way I'll spend any more money on expansions in the hopes that they somehow compensate.  Very disapointed.Update:  I reloaded the game with the latest patch and I've noticed something.  The AI civs never go to war with each other, they only ever go to war with the player.  I've played several games at this point and each did the same thing.  The AI civs will declare war on me even when they are out of range of my civ.  As this is the case what is the point of having more than one AI civ per game.  They only act as a single unit to fight the player."
76561198026527926,Recommended,226860,16088443,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,spam,"Qualified recommendation.  If you have GC II I recommend waiting until they 'finish' III.  It still misses some key features such as governors, and espionage."
76561197995924176,Recommended,226860,16220052,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,kojak000,"This is a beautiful game, no question about it - the music is perfect, the aliens look good, the ships and map are pretty much perfect, but... It has a few flaws that are quite frustrating among the stuff that actually are good.To begin with, aliens declare war at the drop of a hat for no good reason, and as soon as war is declared, it's a pain to get peace. That means that between warring aliens and pirate bases trade become useless unless you provide escorts (slow, expensive escorts that would be better used at the frontlines) to maybe reach a currently reasonably friendly alien planet.Secondly, the ground combat is resolved with a mouse click. That's it. No invasion cut scenes, no ground combat tactics, no fighting done. And it is done within 1 week. Yes. With one transporter, you will take over a planet in one week. That's so bad words can't describe it.The game is a bit silent. The music is perfect, and it's never tiring to hear, but there is the usual (scientifically wrong) booms in space, and there's no voice acting, not even from the science advisor in your team. That's a pretty bad flaw too.It does get a bit repetitive over time, especially on large maps when you are in a perpetual war from pretty much the start: build a star base to increase the operative range of your fleets, invade a planet, collect your fleets again, rinse and repeat.But apart from those flaws, the game is fine - the customization options are endless, and fiddling around with the designer to make your own ships is a ton of fun.Overall, I'll give this a solid 6/10. Well worth a buy, but not at this price, so wait until it goes down a few bucks."
76561198005262036,Not Recommended,226860,16080445,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Promanure,"Sadly, another release too early.  Beta I could go with the flow with bugs etc.  Now with full release, that's not happening...  With my update to this review months after, they're almost worse.  Multiplayer still is plagued with bugs.  The devs don't have enough sense to play their game themselves so they set up ""10 computers and let the AI run overnight""...   I think from all the negative reviews they're scared to try it on their own.  Even the log in screen for multiplayer bugs out constantly (Something even 1 billion computers running AI overnight wouldn't reveal).  It doesn't even have a password protect so everytime you're waiting for your friend to join, some other random numbnutz joins your game.  You can't kick him from the lobby so you have to exit out, restart, then hope they don't do it again before you quickly try and start the game.  Seriously though, the means Stardock has used to test their game is really really really sad.  Too bad because 2 was awesome and 3 is like 2 but with multiplayer which is why I bought it...  The game still is horribly bugged from the latest patch.  Yet another weekend wasted with having my friend come down from out of town to play a game."
76561198049363889,Recommended,226860,14475410,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,DecepticonZombie,"For a Beta release, it does seem quite polished. I've only got about 20 hours into it, but it's more than meeting and exceeding my expectations. If you want a game that has countless possibilites and endless replay, this is the game for you."
76561198062545102,Not Recommended,226860,27021033,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Twisted Trip,"Galactic Civilizations III, recieves my personal steam awards - The 'UNDERWHELMING GOTY' award. I expected great things from GC 3. But it's purely a reskin of GC 2 with a lot of the features missing so they can dlc them and make you pay extra."
,Recommended,226860,15522253,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,ImperatorThax,"If you like Civ5 or Endless Legend, you will love this.My favorite features are the great custom civilization system and the huge game map."
,Not Recommended,226860,24054213,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BauerHaus,"This is an amazing 4x space turn-based strategy with some depth and an AI that isn't asleep at the wheel.  Unfortunatley I've finished 1/4th of the games I've started in single player and none of the multiplayer games.I got this game for myself an my wife, we love the Civilization series and I had played previous Gal Civs before, we picked it up and got hooked.  But then the game crashed, eh that happens no worries.  But it keeps crashing, we've jumped through the various tech support hoops and its still unstable as the day we bought it.Specific and unavoidable parts of the game seem to force the game to crash on a regular basis, like someone defying the U.P. Vote in multiplayer seems to always kill the game for myself and my wifes copy independently of each other.  This, along witht he trouble shooting we tried, tells me the game is faulty.tl;dr crash happy fun 4x game.UPDATE (9/9/2016):  So I guess one of the Devs replied to this review, my wife's copy crashed first game in after these 'stability improvments'.  Will contiune to hope for functionality.First multiplayer game froze, crashed out and sent error report, then it wouldn't let us start it back up.UPDATE (9/11/2016):  The same bugs exist, crashing with defied UP votes, troubleshooting offers no relief, still a robust game with no stability, do not buy.UPDATE (9/16/2016): Final update.  I contacted their technical support the first time on the 8th, over a week an no one has contacted me at all other than here...to tell me to contact them...wow."
76561198025643657,Recommended,226860,15854354,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ekholbrook,"A nice upgrade but graphics are very poor, especially on the galaxy map view (the main view) where there's way too much bright blue and purple that distracts you from any sense that you're looking at a galaxy instead of what looks like an old fashioned arcade game. So games like Civ5 and other more recent 4x games are far far more pleasing to look at.As far as gameplay, it's very well done except, with the distances so large, and the ships movement so teeny tiny, it takes forever to get a ship or fighter or whatever, from point a to point b. I mean, each ship can only move about 2 hexs during the first 10 hours or so of gameplay before more research is done. Considering that typical planet is  20 hexes from the next nearest point, that's totally insane and feels really like you're in slow motion. That's about my only complaint.It's too bad the graphics are so weird on the big map. They ARE useful and tell you what you need, but unfortunately are totally disgusting to look at."
76561198028691347,Recommended,226860,31975559,Posted: 26 May,all,Addage,"The Crusade expansion takes the game to a much better paced and detailed level of experienceThere are a number of systems that are still abit raw but the overall feeling of 4x (immersion, one more turn and alot of rotating objectives) comes throughStrongly recommend if you are into the 4x genre"
,Recommended,226860,14676676,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,☢^☢J◌N☢^☢,"Fantastic game. Still in Beta so there is a lot that isn't available yet but it is coming and i just cannot wait. Though I spent most of my time designing ships rather than playing... more so that I ended up getting destroyed because I'd build for so long, I'd forget what was going on in the galaxy. Though one thing I don't really understand is the opening video... or trailer. Talks about this war, Humanity doing all this and that but... when you play the game, it is baiclally you start off as Humans (or Terrians) on Earth, you just go boldly where no man has gone before to explore strange new worlds (sorry, hat too :P). Not really sure because it looks like a campaign kind of thing but i don't see how that will work in this kind of game.... but whatever, it is still really fun and I cannot wait to see what they do with it in it's final release."
76561197972018541,Not Recommended,226860,16070799,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Hairless,"More of the same.  It's prettier.. It's newer.. But it's the SAME game with irrelevant updates.  I've tried hard to find some way to appreciate this, but it always comes down to the same game as the last version.  There's just no innovation here. It's just a new paint job.  Don't waste your money.  Support real innovation."
76561198067143150,Recommended,226860,22695427,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,CT_Marauder,"As a owner of all the olders Galactic Civilizations I figured jumping into this one would be easy but nope had a lot of new things to learn about this edition and version of the game franchise.While I did get all of the add on packs for it I think more could have been in them and the game in the way or races, battle strageties and even seeing the take over ground battles on the planets like the intro video shows. It's a turn based game with little live action or cut scene videos that is basicly an upgrade to all of the old versions of the game.I'm not a huge fan of Multiplayer on-line gaming so playing it single player the AI's are predictable over time in attitudes and intent and easy to figure out who you can be friends with and who will always end up and enemy.If you do not create on your own new verion builds of ships as you gain the tech in reaserch all of your ships become obsolite and quickly end up defeated with the AI's increasing abilities.While I have been a firm suporter and owner of StarDock games this is the last version of this Title I will invest in. If I had never owned or played the older ones I would be fine so first time owners and buyers chances are you will enjoy it if you are not a live action game fan and more a strategest."
76561197973395496,Not Recommended,226860,16072769,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,abomination5,"This game has promise but desperately needs additional balance, polish and AI work, so I cannot fully recommend it at the current time."
76561198011918550,Recommended,226860,15493149,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Slavik,"It's getting there. Frustrating during first few patches with key features missing, labeled as a beta but played more like an alpha for a month or two. Recent patches greatly improve gameplay though, definitly looking like its gonna be worth a shot, especially if someone can convince them to allow user control of ship targets in combat (yaya its not a space sim, but seriously dont make me just watch the dumbfounded captains of my ships fly right past their target without firing a shot then wheel around and start firing at them from behind... all while taking fire...). Thumbs up"
,Recommended,226860,14681104,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Zophie Winters,"Wow, I really love this game.  There's no tutorial (that I could find) so it was a little confusing at first, but there a lot of familiar concepts that are in other games like Civ 5 so it wasn't that hard to figure out.  Overall I really loved the feel of the game and it's pretty solid and polished for a beta.  Glad I bought it and I look forward to see the new stuff coming in future beta updates.Update: There's a tutorial now which definitely helps hit the ground running, but it still helps if you're already familiar with similar concepts in other Civ type games."
,Recommended,226860,14494361,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Hextatic,"Amazing game, top notch considering the early access aspect of the game. Even when signing up for ""experimental"" beta's there are very few crashes, all round well thought out concept and great delivery so far.**Edit: Game's out in full now, I don't think I've ever spent this much time and care building an XML mod for anything. This game is above and beyond what other 4xs have to offer."
76561197977897553,Recommended,226860,22693986,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Jathclare,"What I like - The workshop is going to make this game really great eventuallyWhat I dislike - I cant think of a single thing that is different from Galactic Civ II, which I played hundreds of hours. It looks the same, plays the same, research is the same. Maybe the campaign is different but who plays that anyway? Its all about the custom game.I would only recommend this game to new comers when its on budget as it could be disappointing on first look, it takes hard hard work to become compentent at this game."
76561198050099395,Recommended,226860,35054468,Posted: 18 September,all,Maruricki,"Pro: -simple gaemplay and the mechanic are easy to understand, the pacing and the macro management is very similar with total war shogun 2(minus the combat)Cons: -graphic could've been better, endless space has a better graphic-expand on your economy, diplomacy as well as internal politic mechanicOverall its a good game for those who likes ""big picture"" kind of thing but lacks essential detail material(diplomacy, economy,politic)"
,Recommended,226860,23110611,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ybot,"I do like a good 4Xing from time to time, and when I do, Galactic Civilisations 3 (GC3) fills that hole for me. This is important because I have the following options to satiate my need for space empiring: Endless Space, Sins of a Solar Empire: Revellion and Homeworld. If I had to choose between the 3, I would choose GC3, followed by Endless Space.My main gripe with GC3 is the lack of species to choose from. I feel like the devs spent this time on developing and integrating modding tools into the game to allow anyone to create their own civs very easily. Creating your own civ involves having some artwork, selecting/creating some ship designs, writing some fiction and ultimately filling in survey with a lot of tickboxes to determine the AI's behaviour and the advantages of the species - and perhaps because of how easy they've made it, I find it irritating that they couldn't have added many many more species. There are around 5 species in the vanilla version. I think the mercenaries DLC adds two species.The range of ships also suffers from a lack of content but not to the same level - I am less upset about this however as the ship editor is excellent and there are some modders who have created impressive forgeries of licensed ships such as Star Wars, Star Trek, Games Workshop and BattleStar Galactica. Civilisations from these licenses are also available but this content is far less impressive and none of it comes close to the quality of vanilla content.Galactic Civilizations 3 is pretty good as far as 4X space games go. However it's more akin to games like Civilization 5, Age of Wonders and Endless Legend then it is to other space 4X games like Endless Space and Space Empires. This is not necessarily a bad thing however, and as the quality of what is there is so high I end up playing GC3 over it's competitors anyway.Overall I would recommend the game at 20 NZD which is ~ 30 USD."
76561198002458876,Not Recommended,226860,26296439,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,kahless2001,"Not only did I want to like this game, I TRIED, I REALLY REALLY tried to like it. I love Stardock and Sins of a Solar Empire is one of my favorite 4X games so I tried to give it a good shot. GL3 is one of the only games where I've tried to slog through the tedium, poor mechanics and bland unoriginality in the hopes that I was just missing something and this was actually a great game. Alas, after trying the campaign, tutorial and a straight forward, no strings attached game... I resigned myself to the fact that this game is just a really boring rip off of Civilization IV with worse AI.Okay, the ship and race creation aspect is pretty cool, but it's basically aesthetic and adds little to the game overall. And in fairness they've also copied a few aspects from Civ V as well, like trade routes and city states. The only really original aspects of the game are space stations, which the computer pumps out constantly and will completely cover the map before you've advanced enough to stop them. Even if you're tearing them down with impunity, the computer can churn them out just as quickly as you can blow them up. The reason for this is that the AI is so diabolically bad that the devs have bolstered it with a series of cheats to stop AI races destroying themselves before the game even starts - like attaching robotic legs to a horse that died in the paddock so it can still run in the race. But they're not fooling anyone.Apart from that, I was honestly having flash backs to a game released 10 years ago: diplomacy is identical to Civ IV, right down to the other races constantly nagging you for hand outs. Combat and troop types are similar, despite the ability to watch a little battle cinematic, and entirely pointless once you get to Corvettes anyway. The biggest difference in combat is that you have to send a troop transport to capture a planet, but then Birth of the Federation was doing that 17 years ago, so again it's hardly a game changer. The split tech tree struck me as a simplified version of Beyond Earth's.The worst part is, I could actually forgive them for ripping off all their game mechanics from other franchises if it weren't for the fact that this game is just slow and boring. One of the great things about the Civ series is that, even when you're not doing a lot, you're always working towards something - you have a plan, or a series of goals or you're keeping your eye on a possible opportunity or building up to something. GC3 is mostly just a load of empty nothingness - habitable planets and resources are far between, conquest is too slow to be effective, economics yo-yo wildly with little discernible reason... It's just sloppy.My overall impression is of a game made half-heartedly with the intention of copying a couple of successful 4X titles in the hopes of making some easy money. Stardock - I'm disappointed."
76561198009619791,Recommended,226860,15809511,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Country,Great game but still rough around the edges - occasional crashes and needs balancing tweaks that will come but don't let that stop you - This game is worth your time and money.
76561198008274753,Not Recommended,226860,15997113,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,ferralcat2000,"I am writing this review after playing through the game a couple of times, rather than after a limited amount of game play. Overall this is a simple strategy game which is easy to play however it has a number of flaws.  Firstly you have no tactical control over battles which I found increasingly annoying.  Secondly if you build a large empire you wind up with a miserable population as there is a massive penalty for having a large empire and no matter how many approval boosting buildings will overcome this.  Equally if you have a large empire winning by conquest is very easy as the other empires aren't large enough to oppose you. The introductory graphics seem to suggest large fleets and this is simply not possible.  I tend to find I have Capital ships facing a few small ships and it's then like dropping bombs into barrels of fish so easy victories.  If these issues can be addressed it would be a decent strategy game but as it stands not recommended"
76561198047585142,Recommended,226860,11903544,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,LTCoMan,Guys this game is Awesome! I've been playing the beta and it's better than some retail. This game is going to be the next great 4X game and I would totally recommend getting on board and supporting it's production. I was a huge fan of GalCiv 2 and tracked this game since the announcement. I'm pumped about Galactic Civilizations III and you should be too! See you on the flip side!
76561197992706793,Not Recommended,226860,25259962,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Evil Hamster,"I really wanted to like this game.The lack of ability to control combat is a major missing feature.If you have a bunch of ships set to move long distances over multiple turns, you can't hit a key and have them all move without ending your turn. This causes a micromanagement nightmare even on small maps, and is also the only game of this type I know of missing that function.The ""coercion"" penalty is complete nonsense- totally unrealistic and un necessary.Sometimes when you watch the battles if you win, you actually lose when you return to the map, and vice versa.Some of the events are really stupid, like: If you have an AI you can't reach because it's out of your range and it declares war on you, and won't even talk to it eventually you get this stupid 'robot ships are attacking any player at war' event the computer spawns a bunch of super powerful ships that run around destroying every ship stationed at all your planets."
,Not Recommended,226860,27331425,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SicJake,"GalCiv II was a stand up game, it's devolper embraced a business model that really rewarded loyal fans. They've since destroyed that reputuation. Fallen Empires or whatever they called it was a bug filled mess barely fixed years after, then pumped full of so much DLC you felt dirty opening it's steam page. Galciv3 I thought a chance to return to their former glory, but no, again DLC nightmare that makes the Total War franchise look giving. The game is half missing, with features available in other 4x games not present, maybe a 10 dollar DLC will have those, or maybe it will be 3-5 10 dollar DLC's doubling the price of the game to maybe complete it."
76561197962857930,Recommended,226860,16207982,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,-2d- SxSnipeR,"A lot of people complaining about bugs. When I first got the game there were loads. I used the opt-in feature to download the test patch and the majority of things were fixed.Gameplay is great fun, lots of factions to play, waiting for other unexperienced players in multiplayer is boring though, but expected. Singler player is excellent.Campaign, far too short. Completed it in about 2 1/2 hours. Cut scenes not bad, could be a bit more to them though in terms of length.The ""view battle"" option is fantastic, you really get to see your ships fight, and they fight exactly how you've done the research. I actually think TOO MUCH effort was put in to this part, because you rarely watch them after a while and just hit quick battle.The ship designer. Again, awesome, but more time spent bug fixing than adding the masses of features a lot of people will skim over was poorly prioritised.Still a few crashes here and there when attacking planets, but it auto-saves every few turns. It's clearly had a lot of effort put in and the team are evidently working hard to fix any problems.I'd say the game is priced £5 higher than I would pay for it with the bugs. But should they iron it out it's well worth it."
,Not Recommended,226860,17896846,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Billiam,"Still has a few bugs...one bug that ruins the game is that for some reason, the mouse/cursor gets locked in perpetual ""hug the right side of the map"".   Can't do much when confined to the edge of the Galaxy.  Another bug is that the AWSD cursor control does not work.  So...if the interface does not work, how can one navigate and enjoy the game?    Wait for the Beta Testing to be completed and buy the game when it is on sale.   (I'm not looking forward to someone commenting, ""oh, to get around those bugs do this, this and this.""  Nope.  I just want the game to work. )"
76561198002435130,Not Recommended,226860,31560630,Posted: 5 May,all,jnjapex,"Long time GC2 and GC3 fan so please take this as constructive. I assumed (wrongly) that the expansion was similar to.... oh.. almost every other ""expansion"" for a game ever. Meaning it added to and build on the existing game experience. Crusade does nothing of teh sort. It changes basic mechaniscs of the game so much so that it's essentially a new, and worse, game.So thinking just be awar it is nothing like the older version.Things I do not like about the new direction:1) The new rules seemed totally designed to limit expansion, limit the # ofplanets you can get, limit the amount of ships, limit, limit, limit2) Building planets was fun before - Now you essentuially can't build anything until you start collecting resources, but of you can't collect resources before building things3) Start of game is just presing next turn over and over just waiting for your first star port to build so you can even build ships4) Totally unbale to control production/taxes anymore so even less decisions5) Citizens was I think an attempt to make up for #4 but just not fun at allI could go on.. Maybe I will come to appreciate the new direction but really concerned not enough thought was put into making the game fun to play vs. trying to fix core balance issues that were always there.So heads up on purchase, I would reocmmend at the least waiting some time to see if they make any future ""changes""."
76561198009100070,Recommended,226860,17347035,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,yestorr,"This is a good game. I haven't been able to get addicted (yay addiction!) to a space 4x game since Endless Space and I do miss a few things about that game. But Gal Civ 3 improves on every aspect of it's predecessor. I'm not one for writing long reviews, in fact I almost never write them at all, but I'm really tired and this little window poped up on steam asking me how I liked the game so here I am. Anyway 4/5 for this one."
,Recommended,226860,15833317,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"Impressions and Summary:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lejOXxu8CNsI've always been a big 4X fan. Ever since I was introduced to this series with GalCiv II, I've been a fan. Quite simply, these are the Sid Meier's Civilization games, just in space and stretching over a massive hostile universe and incredibly worthy of the ""just... one... more... turn"" phrase.From epic ship design customization, aliens who are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and randomly seeded galaxies just begging to be conquered, Galactic Civilizations III is the successor I've been waiting for. While some may note the lack of major differences between the older games and this one, trust me, that's actually not a bad thing. Improved graphics, tweaked game mechanics, this is actually the best game in the series from what I've experienced so far. Now forgive me, I've got a galaxy to conquer."
76561198022031436,Recommended,226860,29324692,Posted: 17 January,all,click_5,"Okay it is a good game.  Let me give you a few details though.Custom Races are really neat.DO NOT PLAY an insane sized map.  When it gets big, it becomes unplayable.Combat is always auto-resolve.  This is more than just random numbers though, it is actually intricate.  Unfortunately you don't participate.The Tech Tree is designed to make it so you can go a lot of different directs and still be viable.  It is very bland as a result, and there are no descriptions containing flavor text.Planetary development favors specialization, but doesn't punish diversity (to much).Unfortunately...Invasions can be tedious.Planet Development can be tedious.Large numbers of ships can be tedious to control.You can have a ""Planetary Governor"" auto-build you planet buildings.  Which by the end of the game is like basic telling the A.I. to do everything.It sort of feels like the game was made for the A.I. to play the A.I.Basically if you love the micromanagement of Civilization 2, and enjoy an incredibly ""Accounting"" heavy game this is a great game.  It is not Civilization 5 though."
,Recommended,226860,23107402,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,master32904,"To be fair, GalCiv III had some isses at the start as most games do these days unfortunately.  It has progressed though, through a steady stream of updates and DLC's.  As it is now, I think it is pretty good.  There is nothing that really sets it apart from its predecessor really aside from better graphics, and a few minor updates.  Its a safe bet if you like II.As a side note, I did buy Stellaris, and decided to shelve that until it gets updated after playing a couple of games.  I came back to GalCiv III after a long break, and I am currently enjoying it.8/10"
,Not Recommended,226860,35209032,Posted: 25 September,all,Cadfiel,"I can’t talk about the single player experience but I bought this game to play multiplayer co-op with a friend as part of our rotation of games.When it was first released it was more stable that it is now, odd things happened, units disappeared but all in all we played games through to completion.Now there isn’t a single night where the game does not lock, crash or do something that means we can’t continue.  We lost the last game when it reached the point where it would crash at the end of a specific turn, at a point halfway through the game.These were standard galaxies played without mods.The support we have had was always excellent and helpful but that doesn’t change the fact the game has way more content with the expansion and yet is totally unplayable.I want to like this game. I do like the idea of this game but as things are, I hate this game, I hate the frustration it causes me and regret that the developers add content with one hand and remove features with the other (still no custom races in multiplayer since the Crusade expansion).If you want a single player 4x game then take a look but this isn’t the review for you.If you want a multiplayer co-op turn based strategy game then Civilisation in whatever flavour you desire is the only real choice unless the developer really starts to seriously resolve issues."
76561198017386050,Recommended,226860,15851616,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,GodKingDarky,"Excellent game, though it does have a few issues, I'm confident Stardock will iron them out. I've only briefly looked at the campaign, mostly just setting up galaxies to fight over, but I'm enjoying it a lot. A lot of crashing, but that's probably my computer (which just meets the minimum requirements). If you enjoyed the previous Galactic Civilizations games or the Civilization series, this game is probably right up your alley."
76561198006723826,Recommended,226860,12677530,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,jmm134169,I want a combat viewer.....combat viewer.....combat viewer :)
76561197982155680,Not Recommended,226860,31551586,Posted: 4 May,all,ferrata_vi,"Once again, it's unfortunate that we can't give games neutral ratings.It's feels like just a reskin of GalCiv II.  Sure, some of the mechanics have been tweaked a little bit, but it shows no marked innovations over the previous title, at least from what I could tell.  Moreover, you actually have to pay extra to include features that were already present in GalCiv II...To be fair, I got untold hours of enjoyment out of Gal Civ II.  If you're new to the series and are looking for TBS in space, then you'll get your money's worth.  If you did play II, and are looking for something new and innovative, you might be disappointed.  Some of the features in III even seem like a downgrade from its predecessor."
,Recommended,226860,15890015,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Peter of Imperial Tea Alliance,great game if you like games like civ 5 and want it set in space get this very well made game looks great and not to hard to get into.
76561197980157368,Not Recommended,226860,29511770,Posted: 26 January,all,Laserak,Stardock falling into the same pit of DLC spam as every other game publisher.
,Recommended,226860,13892763,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,pdebellot,"I like the game but found there to be too many bugs to be enjoyable. I created a ship using the Ship Designer and it worked fine (at first) then I created another ship spending 45minutes getting it just the way I like it. I went to save the ship as a template so that I could change the loadout on it when the game saved the file as my original design! I lost all that work that I put into the ship and will never see it again! This is the frustrating part of playing a beta, the bugs are frustrating. I have since tried to make several quick test ships and they all have the same problem, they all save as the first ships design. When I highlight the template to try and delete it the game crashes.I like the concept, but wish I had waited for the full release. I cant at this time recommend this game until the bugs are worked out and all the functions are functioning.*UPDATE* My game, much to my surprise has miraculously made a full recovery. I did nothing but log in one day just to see if I could correct the issue and found that the issue has corrected itself! With Crashgate behind me and a good 20hrs sunk into this game, I can now reccomend it. However, there is a caveat attatched, your individual results may vary when playing this game and you could grow to have a love hate relationship with it (in Beta). That said, I do like the game when working properly, AI is weak but that is common knowledge and the game could do with some better dialogue but all in all a very enjoyable experience when working properly.I would like to see the diplomacy improved a bit though (probably already being worked on by the devs) but I just find it a little disconnected for example I'm at war with the Yor, and I open up diplomacy and they talk to me as if we're best friends and yet their status is furious. Things like that take away from the experience, but as I said the Devs are probably already on it.I would also like to encounter more random things in the galaxy like space born lifeforms etc just to give the game some more depth, suprise and intrigue.In it's current state when working properly I'd rate the game a 7.0 out of 10 and that is without a lot of the features in the game being active."
76561198022337075,Recommended,226860,12437784,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,DanRage47,"The game is just great, even before complete release, and I've fallen for its grace, detail and especially the Ship Designer. Only thing I miss is for some of those Terran models that has a hangar door in it to be bent - I'd love to create circular shapes or hangar arms if possible. That is all I'd like to be added.The gameplay itself is fun enough, but limited due to it still being Beta - some things are however still in 'Alpha' - the AI for one. The planets are nicely detailed, if not a bit lacking in construction. A few more building slots would make it a little more fun and easy.The mechanics largely work as well, but saving any custom ships or save the game still does not work properly, and loading a game is impossible, since saving one is equally impossible. But it will be remedied later.In overall? I strongly recommend this game to GalCiv fans, and people that enjoy games similar to it - and especially to people that just love or even LIVE the game JUST to design custom ships - or redesign ships from other franchises. But when it comes to buying the game, I say it is up to you.Admittedly, given so many core mechanics and side-mechanics are still missing, I have to agree with Waddles the Pig; the game is still in alpha, or late alpha, mostly.That is about all I have to say, I think, and anything I've missed will likely be covered by someone else.I do however really hope that Stardock adds the ability to export and import our custom ship creations, either to use in a different game or in another Civilization, or give it to other players. A bit like mods, I guess - that would be sheer perfection! Ship-sharing!This is DanRagr47, signing off! Have a good one!"
76561198021522450,Recommended,226860,15808387,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,bennyboy900,This game has great potential. If you were a fan of Gal Civ II or even remotely interested in space 4X games you won't be disappointed. Gal Civ series has a reputation for great AI and so far this version doesn't disappoint. Gal Civ II was a great game and this one only improves on it. Graphics are ten times better to boot. Don't be turned off by some of the potential negative reviews this game has gotten so far as they are typically based on early betas which are understandably prone to bugs.I can see myself losing weeks of my life to this game!
76561198007140800,Recommended,226860,14202263,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Solokahnir,"Stardock, especially in light of how awful companies like Origin are becoming, is truly a wonderfully fun company. If you're a 4X fan, playing GalCiv3 it is evident that Stardock producers are players as well. Seriously, all the GalCivs are fun - and they are incredibly deep, great engines, etc, but truly, they are what games are meant to be - FUN!"
,Recommended,226860,23132326,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Dmitry_Bond,"My first small review of this game was negative. Mostly because I never played in this game series. So, it was difficult to start without reading a manual.But after I read a manual I can see - it is quite a nice and exciting game.So, I recommend this game. Thank you to developers team and sorry for my first negative review."
76561198012084358,Recommended,226860,23135580,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Glasgowprince,"With the sale at the same $10-$15 GET IT NOW.  If you likes GalCiv 2 then you'll like GalCiv3.  Not much has changed other than the graphics which are massively updated, the map size is now mind bogglingly huge and the modding is fantastic.  Building on planets is far more tactical now as adjacency matters big time.  The battles however fall short of the huge ones youre used to in GalCiv2, and the AI seems dumb as hell sometimes.  Make sure you turn off conquest as a victory condition otherwise every game seems to be a rush to invade and ignore all the other techs.  Military starbases seem utterly useless as all they do is slow enemy travel unless they decide to attack it directly.  Economic starbases are the way forward with the ability to put 5 or 6 per planet for HUGE boosts in industry.Get it on sale, as I paid nearly $75 for it plus all the DLC and I dont think it's worth that price.  But overall I would recommend if you enjoyed GalCiv2."
76561197996020872,Recommended,226860,13358512,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,standsalone_1,"This is a review/bug report so far as of 12/14/14 in early accessBugs that i encountered so far.--sound bug was common, when several things are heppening that would involve windows and decisions, the sound would cut out. occasionally would come back after the same thing that caused it would happen, windows switching and all. otherwise i would have to save game and re-launch-when ships are stacked, it can get a little tedious trying to manage them, they get stubborn and wont move for that turn so you have to pass, extremely tedious to upgrade ships in a fleet, as you have to eject ship from fleet, then move it into a different location as the fleet, then upgrade it. and if you have 20 ships to upgrade, this can take some time.-what does ""guard"" option even do?-at around 650-700 turns in a huge map, after pushing end turn, it got stuck on the AI move. tried to save and re-launch and the game crashes if i load that particular savethose are all the bugs i really encountered so farReviewi will say that i am newer to turn-based strategy, RTS was my usual thing but cant compete in turms of management since your mouse cant move fast enough in an RTSi wont do a pros and cons list since cons will be useless to an early access game of this sort. but i will list a few observations that could maybe be worked on.-as stated above, the upgrading of multiple ships is a little too tedious at the moment-i really like how simple the gameplay is in such a complex game, its like they got the perfect balance, unlike ""distant worlds"" where you are scrambling to learn and keep up with what the hell you are looking at, this takes hours to really get into it as opposed to weeks in the game ""distant worlds""-its hard to keep up with the AI in the warfare side of things since they seem to not have any fog of war. (such as the moment you build a station, even though there are no ships in the area, they know, and will have it destroyed before you can even buy a fleet enough to defend it from 6 moved away)-AI does not yet use resources much. i would like to fight over those rather then blitz their planets-easier to use influence to win a war and completely oust a race than to do it by military, too easy.-its hard to tell what is the for sure reason for happiness drop on a planet. and too easy to keep your planets happy, at least for me-i would like to see some more things affect diplomacythats all i can think of for now but will add or take away as the game evolves...its an awesome game even like 70% or whatever it is finished... i cant wait to see it on full release.buy it now, buy it later, you wont be disappointed in the end."
76561198055535216,Recommended,226860,26738731,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Just the Wolf,"The freedom in this game is great. If you like sandbox strategies and space exploration, this is a goody for you. If you like Civilizations V or VI, this is rather familiar in a way. The galaxy, ships, and factions are all customizable. Granted you can't control the combat directly, but it does give you a break from micromanagement and makes things easier on processing the game. A lot of people who play this mention the AI being rigged, they aren't. However, the game is rather difficult to learn on your own. Ask a friend who played it successfully, watch some YouTube tutorials, and practice some in easy games.A tip for customizing a faction: Pictures for backgrounds and foregrounds should be 1920 x 1080 and you can put them in the appropriate folders in the game files. Lets you equip those. Custom emblems and leader portraits need to be 128 x 128. Make sure to save any custom pictures or pictures off of the internet as a PNG."
76561198125560778,Recommended,226860,16996947,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,kevink,"[Initially Posted Review, with ""Not Recommended"" conclusion:] I kept telling myself I wasn't going to write a review until I'd finished my first game, but it's gotten ridiculous. I'm theoretically within a few turns of winning, but the damned game won't stay up even for a full turn.  I'm wasting hours restarting from save, advancing, saving in mid-turn, watching the program crash to desktop or just lock up in a deadlock or infinite loop (mouse pointer moves, but game just consumes CPU without responding to anything).  Kill with Task Manager and repeat...There are some good ideas in the game, as well as some profoundly bad ones - ONE trade deal every 20 turns? THAT'S idiotic - but the software engineering is shockingly bad for a paid, commercial product.[Edit:  I finished that game, deleted all content from my system, and re-installed, and after ~4 hours of play, I've yet to see another freeze or crash.  I suspect that my problem - and perhaps that of some other players - is that the beta and upgrade installation system didn't work quite right. I'd tried most remedies short of a full reinstall, but had invested enough time in the game where I was damned if I was going to throw it away and start over with each update. I might actually recommend this game now.]"
76561197970685560,Recommended,226860,14799557,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,iorek,"After all the features in Stardrive this games seems really simplistic and outdated.Early Access Game so ballance issues like Beam weapons > all and Production/Food > all can be ignored.... but make the game very dull as you only every build 2 structures and space combat is instantanious and one sided.Ship design tool is interesting but in practice its just cosmetic and in most cases the module selection is game breaking.eg 1 ship left docked with 30x sensors installed Covers the map and makes scouts and sensor modules/tech obsolite.There is no upside to using the ship design tool, you can make a box and put all the guns on top of each other and the ship performs as well as any other ship."
76561197999213367,Recommended,226860,15692748,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,nightshade_758,"If any one is on the fence getting this game let me help you out a bit.You dont need to play the other two to enjoy this and understand what is happening. Its turn based so every decision you make, how you spend your money, what you build, when you do things, what you research, could make or break you. This game is crazy addciting as its more like a long game of risk. Its a good sit down relax and kill some time type of  game. your not up against a clock so you can sit and plan make your decision and see what happends when you hit the turn button. The graphics are top notch. If you have or played any of the others this is far better in every way! I almost have 300hrs in the short time I have had this game already passing up how many hours I played on GalCiv2. All of those hours have only been played on one race. That just tells you how much content they put into each and every race. This is the kind of game that you will never run out of strategies to try or new ways to play. This game has far more content than any game out and could keep you busy indefinatly. Yes this game does crash ever once in a while. but honestly when it does I usually realized after 4-6 hours I need to take a break anyways haha! If you get it you will enjoy it!"
,Recommended,226860,16427288,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,JigSaw,"Time to me to give something about this game.haven´t played the sequels so  I just jumped into the frey, and the game is really good, you choose race and start the civ in space, warfare is the red line here, well you can go without it but its a bit hard when the AI expands like hell in the universe.If you like turn based and build games, this is it for you, did I say you can design your own ships. Brutal! =)"
,Recommended,226860,11767053,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,hitem,"So, for anyone considering this game i would like to point out a few things (first Beta phase).- 4 races of 8 are selectable- Researtch is huge- No indicators on what u need to researtch to get specific ship later on (invade planets, i discoverd it by luck)- Alot of pressing ""ok"" when your fleet and planets starts to grow- There has to be stuff in production all times (unless u wind it down to 0 in the goverment of the planet) that you need to have adressed or you can not pass the turnExept for these 5 points the game has HUGE potential and i see myself dreaming away in singleplayer allready for hours in end. Its a very fun game and the money is worth it. but be aware of the things above, they are very timeconsuming atm."
76561197971931322,Not Recommended,226860,15877278,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Incata,"Bugs, and not the good kind.  Locked up when two attacking transports hit a heavily defended planet.  They had 0% chance of success, but the game locked waiting for the other player.  Needs patching."
76561197998249512,Not Recommended,226860,18834659,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,mintymind,"Fairly poor 4x game.Racial abilities have little impact because almost everything is based on %. For example, a basic factory building might be 40% production bonus and take a few turns to build, or can be bought with starting cash. The strongest racial production bonus is also of the same order (around 25% as I recall), but only for either ships or buildings. So its basically worthless.Same exact issue with both space stations and planetary modifiers to production, science etc. All are % based, and largely meaningless compared to a few low-tier cheap building.This problem is all over the place in the core mechanics. Overly simplistic to the point of hurting the simulation.It very much feels like they have missed the point that fun games arent perfectly balanced. A lot of the most famous games of this genre were famous because they had unbalanced, and fun tricks the players could learn. Not that this game has perfect balance, but it sure seems to try to keep all choices when setting up a game as boring as possible, to ensure you cant do anything fun.Oh, and lets not forget the nickel and diming they have fully embraced by cutting out content that was in the previous game, and adding it as DLC released a month after the game. Stardock used to be different in a good way. Mind you, I havnt played the games they made since galciv2, so maybe I just have rose-tinted glasses and high expectations."
,Recommended,226860,11964758,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Ace_of_halo,"So I have been playing this beta for a while now and at some points its been fun other points its just been downright stressful. I have played civilization 5 and games like that before o this one was pretty easy to adapt to but I have a 40 hour long game right now where i am trying to holdoff the enemy has 300,000 ""power"" while I only have 8,000. My space docks take 100s of turns to make ships and the same with tech but I would not mind as long as if when you chose to play on easy, the other team grabs 90% of the galaxy and you are stuck in the corner. please dumb the enemies down a little or add some kind of tutorial cause this ism insane but even through all that, I know when this game comes out it will be great so keep up the updates and I will keep playing."
,Recommended,226860,31956227,Posted: 25 May,all,phoenixfalconstealthraptor,"The game seems to be off balanced in the favor of the older civilizations, but when i played them they had the same research developmental problem the terran alliance has, It would be nice to see starbases deployable as planetary defense platforms to support defending ships. whats up with the war monger issue of all the races is this just a result of the ruthless vision event or what? I like the game it is a lot of fun and very challenging just needs a little more tweaking. Can administrators be transfered to planets in the future they seem to be forgotten about in the citizen queue. I sorry some of research tech although nice is a little redundant and b dark ages for all these space faring races really with a little application of history form earth this tech like basic starship and starbase design should include basic weapons like missiles, okay we are still working out bugs for railguns and shield defense systems still need development but really can we have little more faith in the knowledge of the races that have achieved space flight.  Thank you for this enjoyable game please keep working on the bugs. Respectfully Archie Tomlinson"
,Recommended,226860,26735360,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Empty Sequence,"A great game for those who have the timeAfter I got tired of Civ 5 I decided to give this game a try.Honestly, at first I didn't understand how anything worked, it took me a couple of tutorials to figure out how to properly run your worlds.Overall the game is really enjoyable, especially the ship designer is a great feature.I really like designing a spacecraft and seeing it perform in battle, it's a shame that you can't take direct control over ships, that would have made this game epic.If you are looking for a fun game that's different every time you play it, this might be the game for you, just keep in mind that it'll take up a lot of your time."
76561198028143272,Not Recommended,226860,29471717,Posted: 24 January,all,cas2013,"The game is ok, the graphics are great, and the space battles are still fun. But overall it feels like a dummed down version of GC2, less content and less nuances to really have fun with. My personal beef, even though it is really small, is how planetary invasion works now. It is not even an animation anymore, just a pop-up window. when I saw the videos of GC3 with space troopers and space tanks fighting in ruins I was hoping for a little more depth than that. Overall I was disappointed not impressed with the game, so I cannot recommend it. Buy GC2 it was a better game."
76561198049546671,Not Recommended,226860,30535270,Posted: 15 March,all,tachram,"I enjoy space stuff, so this game was a natural fit for me, and I expected only one problem: getting drawn into it for hours on end.Instead however I've been presented with a different one: the 'Wait bug', where the button to pass the turn to the next player gets stuck on 'wait' indefinitely, is still alive and well.Saving often, especially after a turn where a lot of commands are issued, can be used as a work around, but if that's too much of an annoyance then skip purchasing this title."
76561198123638887,Recommended,226860,15058883,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,clong83,"I really love this game. It has great potential to be played for many of hours. Civ 5 is my alltime favorite and this game is very similiar with city management and not letting it get too complicated. The game still lags bad on my pc and occasionaly will freeze for about 5 mins so best to wait till launch before buying. But in all it is still very fun to play untill the maps and ship counts get so large the system bogs down, then i just tinker in the ship building for awhile. ship building without a tutorial is complicated so i hope that is something they will add at launch but i enjoy crudly pasting peices togethor to make something diffrent. So in short this game is good 7 out of 10 but could be my all time favorite TBS 4X game ever once the bugs and crashes get fixed. Good job everyone working on the game and keep up the good work.P.S. i dont totally under stand how to post this to the discussions board but a usefull tip would be to add atleast an 1/8th of an inch gap to the rows in the tech menus. them being stacked just makes it fell like your choices are all simialar and being slightly seperated would help that."
76561198105217930,Recommended,226860,15852143,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Reckiario,"Good game, but almost equal to his predecessor."
76561197993938731,Recommended,226860,15861965,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Leland Palmer,"I continue to be somewhat undecided about what really to think about this game. On one hand, the ""Just-one-more(100+)turn"" is insanely addictive, but the crashes - even on the smaller maps really is annoying.Pros:Game is - overall - quite good. Lots of hours of playing and re-playabilityQuite fun in multiplayerHas that 'little' Master of Orion 2 feel to it.Lots of galaxy to explore - wanting to find that next awesome planet.Cons:Multiplayer lobby has no options to make private games (ppl join left and right).Frequent crashes during ship design, on small, bigger and huge maps.AI is bland, lacks personality, not too bright.47 € for the game is quite a lump sum of money.Lacking some options for customizing the game: - when you want to save.Needs patching.This review could be longer, truth is I've been playing this ""damn"" game all day long.Would I recommend this game? Probably."
76561198011817720,Recommended,226860,31963243,Posted: 25 May,all,Gothire,The best Space 4X game since Masters of Orion II.  'Nuff said.
,Recommended,226860,24809259,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,daridikan,"I got GC III on the summer sale and so far it was really great. There's plenty of possibilities and I discover new aspects and strategies with every game I start. Here's some of the more interesting aspects about the game:Look at me - I'm a space race:You get to choose a civilization and go develop, expand, explore and conquer. Alternatively you can create your own species, which is a load of fun: Choose strenghts and weaknesses, splash screens and your leader's avatar, the look of your ships, the tech tree and some more things. I created Space Horses. Ahahahaha, their leader is actually a horse in a space suit. Anyway.Many a way to victory:The game comes with 6 ways to win the game: You can conquer all other races, you can bring 3/4 of the galaxy under your cultural influence, you can win by negotiating alliances with all other races - and there's still a couple more ways!That said, the easiest way to win is with war. The other ways take a rather long time, so expanding through warfare is the only way that feels like you're making progress.Diplomacy:What I really like is the possibility to trade technologies with other races. What I don't like is the limited influence you have of the diplomatic doings in the galaxy: Your allies will wage war against one another and you have no means at your disposal to stop them from doing that. Also it would have been nice if your allies automatically joined your side whenever an outside race declares war on you. Then what are alliances for anyway?Pimp my fleet:The possibilities for outfitting your fleet are endless. The arms and countermeasures follow a traditional rock-paper-scissors-scheme. But there are plenty more things you can stuff in a space ship hull: warfare tools, fleet range enhancers, repare modules, exploration modules...but there's more to the fleet editor!You can select your races ship hulls from a range of sets. But when designing a ship, you can model that ship almost freely, scale and rotate parts and so give every ship type a unique look of its own. If you are patient, this is an awesome tool that adds a lot of player individuality to the colourful world of GC III.One quick word about the workshop races:You can upload your race to the steam workshop of GC III for others to download. That is really cool and I addded a lot of workshop races to my game to make games with up to 36 (!) factions more interesting. Some people delivered some really cool races.Sadly, many players felt it necessary to add bewbs content. Dudes, you have the entire internet to your disposal and is densely plastered with pictures of bewbs! There's absolutely no need to add any to a steam workshop, so please please please keep that to yourself!All in all: Try this game, it's awesome! Also, bring some time with you, GC is not a game you play for just 10 minutes."
,Not Recommended,226860,16190477,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Kesselring,"Quite a number of bugs that make you unable to finish your turn, like the AI getting a turn after surrendering rendering that save unplayable. And no one can use the ""early access"" excuse for a litany of bugs because it's released, though it really shouldn't have been. Maybe it'll get better, but they haven't quite got the hang of early access."
76561198037331828,Not Recommended,226860,17034124,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,mad498r1,The game crashes about 20 or so turns everytime I play...had the support guys try to sort it out still not working.  another game released before its ready
,Not Recommended,226860,21242035,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,UNSKILLED 🌙,"I usually always recommand stuff, finding a reason for me to like/love a game. I'm not the complicated type.Although, I was in madlove with GCII and I really enjoy playing GCIII, I have a few reasons that I hope you will not encounter if you ever buy the game.1.  the A.I. is too predictable, and you usually can tell when you are about to be invaded or declared war upon in let's say 5 to 10 turns beforehand. Which isn't a terribly bad thing if the reason for the invasion weren't: lol scrub u only have 5 ships while i already have 89132589581927 in turn 5 git gud.2. The game crashes around 6 times at launch before I'm able to play. Too bad all the fun got away in the meantime. Also, after every single crashes or after exiting the game, I always have to go into Task manager and kill every process that might be related to it otherwise everything goes crazy.3. I still think opting for a military approach is the way to go. Not to say the only way... But that might be me being UNSKILLED.4. Rip espionnage, rip tech trees.I'll still play the game, and I recommand to buy it on sale. But I'm still enjoying more GC2 than this one.Edit: Mistakes were made"
,Not Recommended,226860,15876926,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,this is bear,"The initial ideas in this game are great. The 4X elements seem to have a lot more depth than the Civ series. However it's a bit of a mess. After install I had to mess around and do some research on why my menu screen had no text. Apparently it's a font issue. There's a read me in the program files that tells you what to do if you have this issue, so i guess it's something that's been there for a long time and was never properly fixed. Secondly the game loves to hang. You get a hang when you hit the turn button, a hang before combat, a hang before accessing planet management. It got worse over time to the point where it was practically unplayable. I'll revisit in a few patches.TL;DR: Love the ideas and the seeming depth. Game breaking bugs."
76561198060627136,Not Recommended,226860,18298652,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Last Seraph,"Just not enough of a step up from Twilight of the Arnor for me to recommend this to others. Races feel much less distinct than they did in TotA, game ruining mega-events are still a big problem when you enable the feature (unless you actually enjoy spending 4-5 hours setting up a strategy only for a single pop-up window to make it completely inviable -- though, this is much less of a problem when playing conquest based playstyles), and the planet improvement system, while fundamentally not a bad idea, is extremely tedious to set up for a large number of planets. Finding information when you need it can be extremely annoying, and things can flip around without your notice between turns, leading you to make critical strategic mistakes for no other reason than you were unaware that a statistic changed because you didn't check your diplomacy menu every turn.I really, REALLY want to like this game. I loved Galciv 2 and probably have well over a thousand hours played on it lifetime across three different computers. But this game just isn't finished. Then there's things like making us PAY to use a map editor. That's just a huge insult to the people who looked forward to this title for years. I really though more of Stardock than that, but I guess I was wrong."
76561198087860994,Recommended,226860,32707458,Posted: 23 June,all,geaton1,"I enjoyed GalCiv 2 quite a bit.  I held of on this purchase for a while because of the initial reviews.   Anyway,  I am quite pleased to say that so far the game has been great.  I'ts a lot like 2 except everything is a bit crisper."
76561198006580577,Not Recommended,226860,20157262,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Monkeyballs,"Galactic civilizations 3 has implemented some really great features and the game has shown to have alot of potential.  Because of this potential galactic civlizations had the potential to become one of the greatest 4x games out there and all they had to do was improve on the neglected and bad stuff of galciv 2 because galciv 2 is still a great game.The game has some really great features  but is incredibly sloppy.The galactic world map feels like a mess and The ship icons on the map show barely any information. these are things that should have been improved upon because in a 4x game with the scale galciv has information is extremely important.One of the greatest changes i have seen from galciv 2 to 3 has been the ideology system. This system allowes for you to pick between 3 ideological  idea groups wich has its own unique perks and benefits. This system effects both colonization and diplomacy and helps diversify playthroughs.However this games diplomacy system is very lackluster and very barebones. Normally u would think a benevolent ai would choose to be very friendly and act like a general good guy but no matter their ideological path or relation to you they always talk about annihilating you, wich ofcourse is stupid and unimersive.Galactic civilizations offers arguably alot more hours of content and variation to playthroughs then games like civilization. But the execution of alot of the content in the game feels sloppily implemented and buggy and the overal performance of the game is quite average.All in all the game can be very enjoyable but the performance combined with the sloppily implemented features can be a source of alot of iritation.In its current state i cant consiously give this game a positve recommendation. This is because they are trying to sell a buggy sloppy game for the full price of a regular AAA title wich is unacceptable to me. if u really want to play this game wait for it to be on sale."
76561198011582960,Not Recommended,226860,16081114,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Shepard-Commander,"The approach I take when I review any 4x game is to evaluate whether I feel drawn back in to finish ""one more turn"". Unfortunately, with this game that is not the case. In pre-release videos developers lauded tools that would help players more effectively manage their empires, however this game is filled to the brim with micromanagement once you build the massive empires that the game advertises that you can build. That is, if you can build a large empire. Currently the ""large empire happiness penalty"" is extremely crippling and really hurts the ability to build the large empires that most people love building in a space game. I don't mind building a small, extremely efficient empire, but if I want to do that, I'll simply play Civ V, because right now that game does that better. People want to play a space 4x because you don't want to have the same constraints as a game like Age of Empires, Civ, or Rise of Nations. Instead, you want to build an empire that has hundreds of planets and hundreds of ships. At this point, it's best to keep playing GalCiv II until they get the game balancing figured out. While it is playable if you have a good machine, it isn't very entertaining at the moment and instead of me telling me self ""just one more turn"" I think ""ugh, another turn"". (5/10)"
76561198008376208,Not Recommended,226860,30048923,Posted: 19 February,all,ralgur,"Basically they put out a half baked game, and now they're charging stupid prices for DLC.  Stuff that should have been in the original.  I have played all the previous GC games.  This one was a disappointment."
76561198024848838,Recommended,226860,15619492,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Lordhoth444,One...more....turn
76561197987061054,Not Recommended,226860,15864091,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Divion,"tldr; Ship designer is great, addictive, and fun - The only element of this game that is fun, for a 4x game incredible shallow, and uncreative. The gameplay mechanics are archaic, and other games in this genre offer a far more entertaining experience, game is over-priced. Good Studio behind the game, could improve with Future patches.I purchased this game very early in development. Why not? It is from a Studio i know, and love.In the end, it was the ship-designer that created the Impulse buy. Which stemmed from the desire to play a sandbox/creative space-game. To boot 4x games are by far my favorite genre. I love Endless Space, SotS 1/2, and SoSE, why shouldn't i love this game too?Many reasons. First off, i find myself only really enjoying the ship design. The game itself is kinda filler, and really unappealing. The races/factions are generic, and provide no real unique experience to play, you will choose races based upon who has the ship designing the elements you want, not because they offer different game-play mechanics, or atmosphere presence. It's the same, watered down game irregardless of the faction.From there, lets talk about game-play. You find yourself only really wanting to end turns to advance research to be able to unlock more items to design in the ship designer. Notice a trend? Yes, the only thing you'll find yourself caring about is the ship designer. -- Combat is terrible, and unentertaining, or interesting. The ""Cut-Scene"" battles are ackward, glitchy, and unappealing. Plenty of Space 4x games provide amazing cut-scene battles that make every exchange feel immersive, not this game. The animations are jittery, graphics basic, weaponary discharges basic, and overall the experience is painful. Sadly ship design does not really make the ship more combat effective as far as design shape, and part positioning. A ship with 4 lazers is a ship with 4 lazers.Bottomline is i couldn't bare to play this game for too long, nothing pulling me in... when it comes down to ship design other games offer designing to a greater degree, with better graphics, animation, and the design plays a role in combat effectivness, other games provide a better more indepth 4x experience. Those same games are 1/4 the price of this game, and have been in circulation for some time - Bottomline? Get one of those games, not this one."
76561198106280950,Not Recommended,226860,17096508,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,trevman35,Quickly becomes boring and repetative.1. settle planets2. improve planets3. build space stations and ships4. go to war5. repeat
,Recommended,226860,15785477,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Lieutenant Desu,"I bought this game when it first released in early access and barely played it, this due to the only victory option being conquest. However, I recently picked it back up again and am having an absolute fantastic time with it. In it's current state the game is more feature-rich than either of it's predecessors, in beta! Every little thing is customizable to a ridiculous degree. I actually spent around an hour and a half building my own battlecruiser from the ground up using the game's amazing ship builder. Seriously, if you are a fan of 4x or really any strategy pick this game up."
76561198077888079,Recommended,226860,33242663,Posted: 4 July,all,Fayt,"Okay I've played it a little more now and, while I really am enjoying the game, I have a complaint. Let me start off by saying that the game is probably one of the best 4x games ive played since sword of the stars 1. I HIGHLY recomend buying it. I would like to point out the graphics and animations are pretty and impressive. this being said, I would enjoy a better camera for the combat (so that I can watch the awesome space battles that they put time into. it woudnt hurt to slow the combat down a little so that stuff didnt happen so fast. also make the camera less twitchy). basically, since we cant control the combat it amounts to little more than a personalized cutscene with whatever skin of ships your using pasted in over the peices. Im sure it would be complicated, but couldnt you make it a little more entertaining to watch? league of legends has a pretty good game watching system, as well as a really good replay system. maybe steal some of their ideas? at any rate, I really love this game."
76561198030756181,Not Recommended,226860,15881012,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Thaumaturgiste,"Wow, after a 14 month beta... the final release comes out and I can't play it. I'm getting the fairly common, ""it works once after you install the game and crashes every app launch after"" bug.  The beta's never did this! Anywho, wait for the first two major patches folks. The only way for me to play the game is by doing a full uninstall and then reinstall of the game. That takes 30 minutes each time.... ugh,.. that's now how gaming is supposed to work in 2015.Even when I do play, the game is so full of bugs (see the game forums) that I wonder if Stardock took any QA by the fan base into consideration. For the times that it does work and not bugging out on some thing or another, it's actually quite fun but I'm not wasting any more time on it until the patches start coming in. (And no, it's not my pc's specs. I have a monster of a rig that runs way more complex stuff with ease.)At some point, i'll amend this review if things turn out well."
76561197996808136,Recommended,226860,15808395,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,gerrowong,"For Civ5 players, this will be a good game to try as well."
76561198007128618,Recommended,226860,11927165,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,NotBear,"If you consider its only Beta .. its awesome !!! After all the feature will become available at level of at least GC 2 it will be great game , if you played MOO or GC 2 you must have this !"
76561198030767296,Recommended,226860,15693600,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Kilgore,"Really enjoying this game.Brings back that ""one more turn"" feeling of old classics like Master of Orion.Graphics are crisp and clean.New 64-bit engine is very smooth and allows massive maps with tons of alien races to crush.Designing ships and races is tons of fun, almost game in itself.Gameplay has lots of  depth and complexity.Moddablity of the game is great allowing players to customize the game to their liking.10/10 will exterminate the Dregin again."
76561198002945866,Not Recommended,226860,29874972,Posted: 12 February,all,gazr23,"I want to recommend this game but unfortunately I can't.  It is a fairly standard space 4x with some nice features.  The AI will declare war on you, which is a nice change, but the military AI is abysmal so unless you are horribly outnumbered  or out teched, you should win easily ... I mean, what is the point of building a huge navy and then just using it to defend your planets in a penny packet style; where is the  AI main battle fleet.The mechanics for building and production aren't explained which is mildly irritating, but it is fairly easy to work it out if you read the tooltips.  I do like the tech trees being slightly different for some factions and the fact that there are three competing ideologies.However, the real reason I can't recommend this game is that it is too easy on the smaller maps and on the larger maps it lags to such an extent that it is virtually unplayable.  I have also found I need to save and reload every other turn when I am at war because it just doesn't start the AI moves.  I have quite a powerful machine that can cope with far more complicated games and games with far better graphics so I don't understand why this is ... until stardock fix this issue avoid."
76561198025192576,Not Recommended,226860,18513349,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,rusty_267,"truth be told I want(ed) this game to be great.  I had really high expectations, and during the beta it showed a lot of promise.  Then when it released it seemed like things just fell apart.  The multiplayer was broken, and still is limited.  Features that existed and functioned well in beta disapeared.  SInce release it seems like a 2 steps forward 1 step back approach is being implemented on the updates.  For every 2 advances in stability or gameplay features we get an update that fundamentally changes the game.  The most recent example of this is the 1.4.2 beta patch.  It promises us more advanced AI and easier management of your empire.  And I suppose it achieves this by eliminating the player ability to micromanage their planets.  Having your planetary governing skills labotomized would make the AI appear to be harder and also simplfies the managing of your empire, but it is done so by taking away a very powerful resource held by every human player, the ability to use ones intelect and planning to stregnthen ones own position.  Now I have every hope that the developers of this game would see the angst bestowed upon the paid customers of this game and remedy this situation.  But until things are fixed and updates stop attempting to take away from the player, I cannot say I am glad that I bought this game and therefor cannot recconmend it.  I hope one day to be able to change my review to positive, but for now it just remains my hope."
,Not Recommended,226860,20822735,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Uncle Badtouch,"A decent strategy game, but feels like it's missing alot of content. Unfortunately the devs seem to have capitalised on this and are abusing DLC like most other devs out there at the moment. If you want a complete game, find a torrent of this with all the dlc's included, don't pay money for it you'll just be enabling the devs and their shady bs."
76561198042941966,Recommended,226860,16427809,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Big Perm,"Stardock sticks with the formula that has made this series one of the best space 4x games ever.   If you played GalCiv 2 you will be getting a lot of the same, with a much needed facelift, and some nice new features.  Although there could be more, I'm sure new expansions will take care of that problem.  One of the best 4x titles on the market to date.  If you're a space 4x fan, this is a must buy.Want to know the new additions in GalCiv III compaired to old GalCiv games?http://draginol.stardock.net/images2014/Galactic-Civilizations-III-Whats-new_E4F5/image_thumb.png"
76561198023332259,Recommended,226860,15067538,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Emmense,"GalCiv3 is probably in my opinion the best 4x to come to market in years, not simply because its actually going to be a finished product for once but because i've never come across a more social group of dev's who literally do their very best to give you what feels like a personal experiance when it comes to dealing with any problems you come across in game, and weekly dev stream's that you can ask them questions during, and even take on board your thoughts and idea's when it comes to building a better game for the community.The Pro's- Amazing Customer Support.- It's getting better with ever new patch.- Easy to understand UI.- Easy to pick up for a first timer, or veteran of 4x Games.- Great graphics, and performance- Seriously addictive, you'll easily waste hundreds of hours of time into this once its out of beta.- They are pushing the 4x Genre to its limits with insane map sizes.The Cons- I guess for some spending alot of time on this because its addictive :-D- Lack of sleep.Yeah i dont really have any concerns or con's when it comes to GalCiv3. I had issues before and both times i had help within an hour from a dev to try and help me/them get to the route cause of the problem. The only con i can really think of is if you watch the dev streams you might be jelous of the fact paul gets to play with some cool features that are not stable enough to be released or are still in developement stages. 10/10 i paid 100 dollars to be a founder and its honestly the best money i ever spent would happily have spend double that."
,Recommended,226860,12401195,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Franknfurter,"[version 0.97 release candidate review]The game is fun. It is an upgrade in almost every way to GalCiv2. I've had the entire family playing it, even 5 and 7 year old girls building dragons, dancing robots and beautiful bugs in the ship designer (and laughing a lot). Still has room for more features and expansions, but there's already plenty to sink your teeth into.My personal list of improvements in GalCiv3:1. Planet buildings now have adjacency bonuses. The screen feels familiar to anyone who's played GalCiv while adding a new mechanic that makes it important not just what you build but where you build it.2. The ship designer. It's easy to make and animate some very pretty things (bugs, transformers etc.). Star Trek ships can already be seen on the forums and I'm sure once the game is in a final state and hooked-up to steamworks it won't be long before there'll be lots of fun total conversion mods to choose from.3. The Developers have been doing weekly twitch streams showing the latest build and talking through their grand plan for the game, balance, bugs, updates and future features. It's up to 47 videos in the youtube playlist each ~45mins long +/- 10 mins. Some laggy/framedrops/audio problems at times but still very informative.4. Resources, they're big and fun now. You can find them on planets (e.g. snuggler colonies), in place of planets (thulium), in asteroid fields (durantium), orbiting black holes (antimatter) or hiding in nebulae (elerium). Each has benefits:Planetside - they let you build special buildings with powerful effects and adjacency bonusesDiplomatically  - you can trade themStrategically - you can turn them into prototype guns/hyperdrives/etc for your favourite capital ships.5. More race options. The old 'super-abilities' from GalCiv2 have now become 2 (still quite super) abilities. So you have even more ways of mixing and matching for your perfect race. That's in addition to the % modifiers. Also you now have the ability to change your home system and tech tree for custom races (without having to fiddle with xml).6+. Everything else:Hexes rather than squares, upgrade to 64-bit so bigger and better maps. Unique tech-trees as standard. Bigger and better cutscenes. More animated backgrounds, portraits, gizmos, doodads and thingamajigs. More epic fleet battles. Shipyards draw resources from multiple planets (less hassle). Chris Bucholz (new writer extraordinaire on the team fromCracked.com, improving whatever he touches).The Bad:1. Micromanagement on larger maps is a chore, additional features to reduce the hastle would be greatly appreciated. More information at a glance, more ways to group/sort/view planets together, mark important features (what is this planet's highest % bonus?) what is/will be my plan for this world?2. You'll have to wait for a future expansion to get admirals and xp, planet-killers and spies. Not entirely a bad thing. I'm glad some features were pushed to a future later date to make sure that everything gets the time and attention to detail that it deserves.3. Needs a big balance pass. Lots of tiny (but significant) adjustments, and some time to play the game and work out what is needed for everything to settle into more comfortable values.Examples:3a. The large empire approval penalties being too strong on large maps, making race abilities like patriotic (which negates the penalty) equally strong. (They were % based which broke the game when it reached 100% penalty. Flat now, but still a problem at high values)3b. Planetary projects/special buildings being a little too fiddly and confusing. Is it better to set the slider to 100% wealth or use a project to convert excess manufacturing? Is it better to build a factory or a resource refinery? Sometimes you need access to a spreadsheet to see what should be obvious, since you have to factor in build-times and stacking % bonuses from different sources.3c. Exploits like 'ancient' giving 10% research per relic, quickly reaching 10x the research rate of other races once you gain a handful of relics(+%) and ascension crystals (+raw research).3d. Sensor ranges for ships/planets/starbases aren't balanced against each other. (Blind starbases and planets, with all-seeing cargo-scouts).But all of the above require tweaking the odd number from +2 to +3 or adding caps/diminishing returns where appropriate. Easy to fix by 1.1.Conclusion:A game with big boots to fill, and lots of room to grow. But it's already an improvement graphically and mechanically over its predecessor. I hope you try it and have fun with it. Have a look at the developers twitch streams if you're not sure or are interested in the growth of the game - the videos can also be found on youtube by searching for Stardock Games."
,Recommended,226860,12447154,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,U3 THE FINAL REDPILL,"Spent a good bit playing this game, loved every second of it. In it's current beta state it's still a bit buggy (however I left it running overnight for 8 hours and then returned to play, so it doesn't get worse over time, just how beta-stage games are), never crashed on me. If you were a fan of Gal Civ II, then this is definitively a continuation of that game and the few new mechanics introduced already make a positive difference.I particularly enjoy the feature of choosing sponsors for shipyards, which makes them much more effective facilities that do not require extensive infrastructure or research. The graphics aren't dramatically different (which I actually like), they're just cleaner and clearer. The core gameplay mechanics haven't been altered either, which I like as well (the method through which starbases are upgraded remained the same, planets still have the grid), they really retained a lot of Gal Civ II, making the game very easy to pick up after not having played in years. Needless to say they didn't try fixing anything that wasn't broken to begin with, like many other companies do with the sequels of their most successful games."
,Recommended,226860,15498035,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Old Hippy,"I am a ""founder"" and love this game!!"
76561198236190908,Not Recommended,226860,28548027,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,scheinerbock,Unstable with 1.9 release (12/2016) to the point it is unplayable.  The game crashes all of the time.  The worst is that even if you return to the auto-save it hangs up at the same turn.  Or just quits.  I have over 400 hrs on this game (not proud of it) over the past year or so and have seen it go from occasionally crashing every few times played to crashing all times played.  Don't buy it.
76561197990617650,Not Recommended,226860,32085841,Posted: 31 May,all,gone,"GalCiv III feels like an amateurish, one-man-team's attempt at creating a 4X game as a final project for a programming class, rather than the finished product of a multi-million dollar company. Apart from game breaking bugs, like AI turns hanging indefinitely and fleets becoming an 'InvalidObject', the FEEL of simply interfacing with the game is fundamentally unsatisfying. Simple things like the overt lack of feedback when you click on buttons, queue up research, finish research, upgrade ships, or honestly do anything just leaves you sitting there asking yourself ""Did it do it? Did it go through? Did it work?"", whatever ""it"" may be. Or the utter lack of ability for the game to deliver to the player critical information, like WHAT was the planet of mine that was just invaded by enemy forces? All it shows is a splash screen with the word ""DEFEAT"". WHERE was the enemy fleet moments before this happened? WHY was I in no way informed of enemy units in by boarders? HOW were my planet's defenses overcome by the invading force? ...The entire game just feels like it was designed by someone who already knew the intricate details of the game, so didn't see fit to create a system to deliver information in an intuitive, aesthetic way for anyone who wasn't on the dev team (like their entire customer base, for example). And honestly, one the worst parts is that the game is a near complete clone of GalCiv II, as if the dev team simply wasn't interested in innovating, and instead opted to create a carbon copy of the game's predecessor. I could go on, but there's no reason to.tl;dr:The game is amateurish at its core and fundamentally unsatisfying to interact with, and poor at delivering to the player very basic information.Note: This is based on GalCiv III + Crusades DLC, so no, the DLC didn't save this game."
76561198179956658,Not Recommended,226860,29534726,Posted: 27 January,all,BivyLife,"I was a big Galactic Civ 2 fan. But Galactic Civ 3 is just boring. I'm 5 hours into the game and bored out of my mind. There isn't any depth to this game. I find myself just wanting to win or lose after barly starting a game because it lacks something. I cant put my finger on it, but all I know is when I've played Stellaris or Hearts of Iron 4 or Civ 6 I find myself wanting to beat the game. I dont want to beat a Galactic Civ 3 game. I just get bored and stop. Stellaris holds up much better over time than this game."
,Not Recommended,226860,21528956,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Walayimuna,"I am conflicted about it, but thinking a lot about it, the game is not good, let me get in some detail about what I've experienced on the game so far.It's one of the best turn-based strategy games out there, yes, much better than others big franchises like civilization V.But, to be honest, this doesn't mean it's a good game, why?On the last decade, new releases of this genre have gone backwards, with new versions of turn-based games of the same franchise with usually less features ( ??? ) than it's previous versions.It also has a very bad user interface, wich unfortunate is also a problem shared with most, if not all, turn-based games launched on the last decade, games like these are based on control and management of units and production, but the longer the game lasts, the worse it gets, the game has awfull 'automate' management, and if you do it manually to get a better result ( wich any serious gamer does, naturally ), the interface is extremelly limited, with just a handfull of keyboard shortcuts, and the only automation is that the queue can be set to repeatedly build a single ship ( ??? ).Note that, so far, I didn't even mention the constant crashes that the game has, specially when using the diplomacy interface, or designing your own ships."
76561198342120101,Recommended,226860,32635524,Posted: 21 June,all,FistoFox,"Really good solid gameLOts to take in a first but once you get the hang of it, it shinesPlay this game if you like 4x at all"
76561197996801164,Not Recommended,226860,16287059,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,universecreep,"I wanted to like this game and certainly it's better than Beyond Earth (admittedly a much different game) but I'm surprised I'm giving it a thumbs down.Two big issues for me:(1) Way, way, way too many technologies. You wouldn't think too many is bad but it is. They all are so similar.  Honestly, the tech tree could be cut down by 2/3s. Most of the techs are forgetable as you just click next your next research goal without really thinking of what you just discovered. Many of them are just filler until you get the one that actually has a benefit. The devs should have taken the lead from Civ V. The tech tree was excellent. Every tech you discover gave you something.Another problem with having so many techs is the benefits you get when they do pop up are so minor as to be unimportant - 1+ food, 1+ research, meh. This is similar to the problem that plagued beyond earth.If I had one wish, it would be for a pared down tech tree with significant beneits gained with each discovery - in the vane of Civ V.(2) Diplomacy is so boring. It's hard to believe but Civ V's diplomacy is better. For one, making any agreement is a chore. IF you offer something for trade you can't just click a button to say what would you give me for this like in Civ V, you have to go by trail and error to finally find something they'll trade you. I just gave up.Also, most of the interactions from the AI are either them begging for money or telling you they're unhappy or happy about open borders.There is the odd taunt but you can never give it back to them as in Civ V.I was expecting much, much more with diplomacy given Gal Civ's history and it being from Stardock. I am very disappointed.There are fun parts of the game, certainly tweaking the position of your buildings to get the optimum bonuses is fun. The exploring and settling part is good too as are the ideologies.Unfortunatley, overall the game doesn't do it for me. I was surprised they didn't take more ideas from how Civ V did things to really make Gal Civ III shine. I keep coming back to CIv V because there are so many great things Firaxis did to make that game accessable, fun, and easy to play. Stardock certainly could have brought over some of the ideas. I mean there isn't even an option to have the game automatically end your turn. You always have to click the button.I really, really, wanted to love this game but I can't recommend it.Short review:(1) Tech tree is too expansive and the individual techs are forgetable.(2) Diplomacy is worse than CIv V.(3) Exploring is fun as is settling your planet as is optimizing your building position.I don't recommend it, unfortunately. The game has been uninstalled.Sorry Stardock - I'm still a fan and I hope you can fix it."
,Not Recommended,226860,26180686,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,JoeWhizer,"Overall this is a great game, but I really just can't accept the business decisions of Stardock. It is a shame that they do support german language in the game but only translate the first 2 DLCs into German.  All other DLCs and even the expansion pack doesn't support German language. But French and Russian? Are you guys kidding me? I wasn't aware of that crap but obviously they do it with all their games. Almost racist for me.I wrote this review in english to have get the most out of it, everyone should see this. You guys want to tell me that it's easier to translate into Russian than into German?This was the last game I bought from Stardock. I am very disappointed with that kind of business model."
76561198035710364,Recommended,226860,14162860,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,suntzu1972,Great so far. As the dev add more the game gets better and better. Its already very fun to play and I havent seen a crash yet in over 24 hours playing. All but 2 of the major races have been added and hopefully minor races will be added soon. The AI still needs work. Even on harder difficulty its very easy to beat.
76561198034609148,Recommended,226860,15605103,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,corey,this is one of the greates games i have everplayed i loved gc2 and played hours of it i know it early acess so im not going into any of the bugs or ai the only issue i have with this game is you need a super computer to play large universes with multiple players my cpu is almost constantly maxed out witch makes the game crash its trying to do too many things at once it need some work on that i hope that once it is finally released they will iron out some of the kinks so it dosnt take 2 minutes for the ai to take its turn
,Recommended,226860,15608467,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Kelooxxl,NIce game.
76561198006561173,Recommended,226860,15602337,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Gisbit,Brilliant! a worthy successor to GalCiv 2
76561197999695206,Recommended,226860,15714705,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Kozer,Absolutly recommend this game. I have only had it for a few days but I think I am almost at 20 hours played. Which is saying something.If you enjoy Space games...And if you enjoy 4x games...And if you are a human...You will/should/must love/play this game. It is very enjoyable and I cannot put it down.
76561198006595299,Recommended,226860,31960158,Posted: 25 May,all,viper37,"I highly recommend this game for everyone who loves grand strategy games.  It is in my opinion, the best 4X game out there.The AI is really getting better with every update.I just love the ship designers and can never get enough of finding new models for my ships online and using them in my game.I do wish there was a little more variety in the weapons mix, something more than just laser/mass driver/missiles, but I'm sure with the new expansion, Crusade out, there will be a myriad of other features that all players will appreciate (I haven't played enough of Crusade yet to judge it).The campaigns are short, but very fun to play, and provide a good tutorial to the main game."
76561198166230456,Recommended,226860,28037650,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,budzna24,Over the top difficult to play. Too much to learn..  Love it
76561198052524472,Not Recommended,226860,23214637,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Noob,"Had repeated problems with the game crashing.No editor unless you want to get a DLC, booooo!Last time I'll buy into GalCiv, so sad."
,Recommended,226860,11851111,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,stig atle,"I cannot understand why people complain about a game when it's still early access.So many people complain about features not implemented yet - those things does not matter when reviewing because they will arrive.So - In it's current state, do I enjoy this game? I surely do! And seeing the 'this feature is missing' in the game just excites me! Because I know it will arrive later down the road.I wanted a game different from Civ and Europa universalis, this game is for sure what I was looking for.I can highly reccommend it to any player that likes these type of games, even if it's early version."
76561198041598357,Not Recommended,226860,23227021,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,kc2dks,I like the game but its dificult to play when the enemy builds more powerful ships at a much faster rate than you can. Also there seems to be problems with windows 10 as the game keeps crashing and as of yet i havent found a solution. I have only had the game for about 1 week and i am hopeful that i can fix the problems with the game but i would not recomend it at this time !!!!
76561198009045223,Recommended,226860,16423442,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,herr_dechse,"Its an excellent base game for the years to come. I always liked their formula and played part I and II. Part II had some more features at the end but it was also developed for many years.I have some small issues here and there but everything will be adressed in DLCs like espionage or a deeper political system.So in short, much fun much recomended much potential absolutely worth my money."
,Recommended,226860,16435789,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,timetheos,"I recommend this game, but with caveats.   It sucks up RAM; I've seen it grab 2.5 GB all by itself, and I've ran out of memory on my 6GB machine after disabling all sorts of programs to free memory up.  The diplomacy system needs work; they really need a way to issue ultimatums/threats.All in all I like the game, but it sure needs continued work by the Devs..."
,Recommended,226860,34246024,Posted: 14 August,all,irreverentbear,"If I were to be marooned somewhere and given a choice of games to bring with me, this game would be one of them. Its just turn after turn of 4x space goodness! It just nails so many aspects for me of what a space strategy 4x should be. To name a few:Excessively huge map size option. Check!Starship designer. Check!Smart and quirky AI. Check!...And a lot more, the expansion ""Crusades"" made this game even better adding a ton of more options."
,Recommended,226860,13561690,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SummonBiggerFish,"Great game so far, with only a few minor sticking points.It would be nice to have the ""upgrade all ships of this class"" button back.For some reason I can't seem to be able to get past turn 392. Task manager is also telling me it's using up 98% of my CPU's processes.I'm not a fan of the sidebar. I'd like to be able to minimize it.I miss the notifications. Like when it told you that a new default unit was upgraded.Very few keyboard commands, and none for units specifically. I'm assuming the devs are leaving it for the end since that's a pretty easy thing to do and are more focused on larger stuff.No galactic wonders? I'm assuming they'll also be added in late.I'm also not a fan of the new tech tree. Segregating the techs like that just makes it a little inconvenient when trying to decide what to research next. Also would be nice to have the ability to sort them again like in GalCivII.Other than that it's pretty much GalCivII just upgraded, which in my mind is a good thing. GalCivII was already pretty much a perfect game."
,Recommended,226860,15535651,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,=FUBAR= Shadow1331,Probably the best 4x game there is currently.
76561198090952709,Recommended,226860,17497868,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,letoii,"Coming from other games, this has a definite learning curve.  Had to learn about specialization of planets, which the game tries to discourage you from doing.Bug wise, glitches are semi-common, but tolerable.  Be careful about destroying a planet, as the CTD bug after that is the most annoying one I've found.The campaign is not an epic of heroism and gallantry, instead a rather short and muted affair that essentially provides flavor text for a normal map.Overall, very good game.  The ship customization feature is really fun, hopefully they add more components for greater variety. More customizable than any other 4X I've ever played by a mile.I bought this hoping for another Homeworld, so slightly disappointed in only 2D battlespace, but that's my fault for not examining the screenshots."
76561197960274315,Not Recommended,226860,25378897,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,dr4gon,"Not worth £30 unless you dont care, worth £10 if you do care and can handle the decline of the game since galciv 1.Core gameplay is still there, but certain aspects of ai behaviour are gamebreaking imo.Try it and see, but wait till its on sale, or you will be kicking yourself for wasting £30(if youve already played gc1 and gc2)"
76561198010420860,Recommended,226860,15920057,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,mrraybaker,"Just...one...more....turn...Seriously... I should have gone to bed an hour ago... but I didn't, because I spotted a Drengin fleet and went for it, reduced their military power to less than mine for the first time in this ""mission"". Then I built a new ""culture bomb"" starbase on the edge of their space, my new invasion platform (this is a long way from home so it took a while) then I got my ships into position at the new launch pad... and now I really really gotta go... honest....It took me a few hours to ""get back into this"" after going of most TBS and 4X games after Civ 5 (used to be huge fan) I've played the odd strat game since, such as EU4, or Endless Space, but generally the whole genre has become over saturated with average games pretending to be ""the next big thing"" that people play while they are waiting for the next great strategy game to come out.Well this was the game I was waiting for.Played and loved previous versions, It's been a long wait, but it was certainly 100% worth it.Edit: Dang it the moment I lay down for bed I realised.... I forgot to build a transport! So much for my invasion starting first thing next play session!"
,Recommended,226860,21826097,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,DarK_St3alth,"Rank:8.5/10Recommendation(s):Play an older Gal Civ title, play Sid Meier’s Civ VI/V.Major Theme:The logical progression in Galactic Civilizations series.Bought at Price:$69.99 (Preorder /w Beta)I played Galactic Civilizations II in the past and was looking forward to a sequel. Sure enough one came, and even added multiplayer to it.4X games aren’t overly popular due to the fact you take turns. In the case you are playing multiplayer, this could mean you will probably have the chance to go and make coffee before their turn is over.Action is certainly not a descriptor for games like these. If you have played Sid Meier’s Civilizations VI or V, you should feel right at home. There are quite a few similarities between the two titles, but there are the differences.Right off the bat, the tech tree in Gal Civ is much, much, much larger. Trading technology has its advantages, as trade does in general.The difference in scale is also very apparent. Setting a requirement of a 64-bit operating system to handle the much larger maps/universes was viewed to be a necessity by many (including myself). Those without Windows XP will find themselves unable to play as well because of the Direct X 10 requirement. There is supposedly a reverse engineered version of DirectX 10 floating around for Windows XP, but it’s hit and miss and also uses the CPU to do the effects.Ideology makes gameplay interesting, with the three having their own bonuses associated with them (as well as cons). Plant colonization tends to bring these up more often than by chance.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=638158684http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=640007055Diplomacy can also rock the boat as well, so don’t think pushing for a military victory will always work in your favor.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=640577204I find that technology victories are the easiest to achieve, as some of the AI can be quite brutal – even on normal difficulty. Reason being is that the AI learns player’s gameplay strategies and updates itself through the internet.Seeing the game in beta, and at its final stage, it has come a long way. Resources make the game interesting as well as the ascension route you can take to victory.As I warned before, a game can take quite sometime. My recommendation is to have a LAN Party with a few friends, as it can end up being like a game of Risk."
76561198037664323,Recommended,226860,32181764,Posted: 4 June,all,Tiresias the Blind,"Very fun if you are into civ style games. Has a pretty deliberate pace, and the real draw are the customization options. It has a few issues, but I haven't found anything that was too terrible about it. Very definitely worth your time."
76561198026222069,Not Recommended,226860,34051149,Posted: 5 August,all,Eftwyrd,"The removal of custom factions in multiplayer as of the crusade expansion and general buginess of multiplayer (in my 200+ hours of play, almost exclusivly in multiplayer, my freinds and i have never managed to actually play a game though to its conclusion without it freezing, failing to load etc) has removed any motivation my freinds and i ever had to play this game.much as i hate myself for doing this to a game i loved but the dismisal of my concerns in a discussion thread where it was claimed my concerns wernt a priority anyway and noone else really wanted multiplayer and the developer present in that very thread having nothing to say on the matter, much less any official ETA or further information, has finally convinced me to take this step, i could go back to pre-crusade but i payed for crusade, we were promised those removed features would be brought back, months later my freinds and i are still waiting for the fulfilment of that promise with no end in sight.i cannot recomend this game currently and it will remain uninstalled in my library until something changesEDIT: a few days on now and not only did the dev present in the thread refuse to engage with any of us but having broken no rules the thread was locked without warning or explanation after having turned critical (but not in any way rude or rulebreaking) of his handling of our concerns."
,Recommended,226860,15831330,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,~n00bz~,"This series has been one of my favorites for quite sometime! I Purchased GalCiv 2 years ago through Stardock's online market place. Well when I did I immediately became addicted to this torturous test of patients and prowess. I dove head first in and constantly forgot to surface for air. Hours upon hours of play through's caused me to forget my immediate time and space around me. Constantly saying ""just one more turn, one more"" finding its 2 or 3 in the morning.Fast forward a few years and I find this game on EA for steam. I jumped up and slapped myself to ensure I was not seeing things. It was true, I purchased right away [when it was >$100] and played. LOVED IT!The third has greatly and I mean GREATLY increased the shredding that is the AI in all aspects. The AI you can encounter in this game is unlike anything that I see in RTS, 4xRTS, Turn-based RTS and strategy games alike. The computer will adapt to almost every choice and move you make, for better or worse- they are watching and will react accordingly. Now this does not make the game unfair in any sense, I hate the AI's that rush build top tier stuff, this does not. A balanced and true reacting AI based on the assets and characteristics of said opponent.♦Great graphics and UI♦AI is balanced and challenging♦Replay value is through the roof♦Games can always be different and never the same outcome♦Creating custom races adds to the above♦Custom ships♦Custom shipsIf you are a person who enjoys strategy games that require slight micro-management then this one is for you. the learning curve can be a little steep but the reward is well worth the frustration.Thank you Stardock!!!"
76561198009310065,Not Recommended,226860,16082240,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,jwcyre,I paid full price and so I am writing it based on that.  It just isn't finished.  There is virtually no help it is unclear what most of the tech does until after you do it and puzzle out what it does.  After playing for hours I have no idea how the ships are supposed to match up.  Is there a point to a lot of little ships or big ships?  Does one type of ship do better against another type?  I have no idea the point of military starbases.  Do you need to attack one?  It seems that you can just completely avoid starbases.  Then as to the other races and diplomacy.  It is the standard model of rediculousness.  Every 5 turns they ask or demand something of you.  If you give them what they want every time they will still eventually go to war against you anyway.
76561198041099922,Not Recommended,226860,16135050,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,DreadPirateRabbits,"The graphics and overall appearance of this newest iteration of Galactic Civilizations is wonderful to behold. But this newest version adds almost nothing to what Civ 2 had, leading me to wonder why this game was given a 3rd iteration if a creative spark was lacking.The interface is similar to galactic civ 2 in that the majority of the vital text necessary for gameplay is crammed at the bottom and left-hand edge of the screen. When one invents a wondrous new engine or social policy we are greeted with a gigantic picture of a server bot doing a repetitive hand display with the actual description of the invention a few terse sentences at the bottom of the screen as if it were an afterthought. Shouldn't the flavor text and practical statistics of a new discovery take precedent over a server bot? We have to look at this guy for hours and hours of gameplay.More summaries are needed. Granted I do not mind sifting through Excel-like spreadsheets to feel clever about discerning a new way to refine my galactic macroeconomics, but a quick rundown is often necessary just to get a better jist of a planet's well-being, especially when the player is embroiled in chaotic conflicts with one or more opponents. The entire UI text is too small and ignored throughout.On the subject of combat, I have yet to design a ship that consistently wins battles. This may be some sort of personal failing of mine, but I am having trouble figuring out what I should or should not do. Range on mass drivers seems limited, which makes no sense in the vacuum of space, and other races always seem to evolve faster than myself, as if they were optimally programmed to know exactly what to do or something. How strange! Granted additional time spent with the game will probably find me honing in on workable strategies, I have to note that playing several hundred turns into a game only to then find that my plan was flawed is depressing. A few failed attempts at various weapons and engines with  little learned on how to improve has discouraged me from wishing to replay.The relatively underdeveloped story does not allow me to enjoy the wonder of exploring a universe with any given race. Is it expensive to pay writers to add additional depth and creativity to a game? I honestly don't know, but I would be willing to forgive my military failures if I could at least love the universe a bit more."
,Recommended,226860,18497527,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,tieio,"This is a pretty good game, like the ones that came before it. It has some issues to polish out, certainly, but if you buy this on sale as I did, you will be happy with it. I do not think this game is worth it's full market price right now but that might change in the coming patches. This game passes, if it is on sale."
,Not Recommended,226860,18009937,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,smokinbones,"If you liked galciv 2 and want to pay 54$ for almost the exact same game then id recommend buy this game and then going and buying the DLC to actually feel like you playing something other then galciv 2.But unless you have money to burn and feel like giving it to a company that doesnt seem to care about anything but the money then dont buy galciv 3.With the basic game you are paying 54$ for something that looks like a plays like a slighty better version of galvic 2 that someone spent a few weeks modding.Stardock has been working on this game for years but apart from some debugging they have hardly done anyting to the core game, they have instead focused on making DLC to get even more money from us.In no way can i ever recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,226860,21067167,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ibuuyk,"Version 1.6 ReviewI thought the second one was a clunky, glitchy mess, but this one is even worse in every aspect.  Worse UI, worse AI, worse gameplay, worse stability, less features, worse price... there's just nothing going for this game.It took me five hours to beat the tutorial because the AI was so rigged against you.  While it can easily take you half an hour to research a single technology or build a single ship, the AI starts with every technology in the game and can spam ships 10x stronger than yours, but to counter this they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and easily manipulated.  Can't win via conquest, only through cultural assimilation.And within those five hours, I crashed three times so yeah, just do yourself a favor and buy Civilization V if you like those types of games.______________________________________________________________Version 1.9 ReviewFigured I'd give the game another try since it's been ages and there's supposedly been a massive update.  Reading the changelogs, I was discouraged since instead of making the Ai easier they claimed to make it a lot harder... but then I played the game.It still takes ages to research or build anything, and the AI still have every tech in the game and spam ships every turn (despite the devs saying they actually focused on making 'em less spammy).  But the AI also seems to have slightly less of an advantage in the campaign, so you can actually complete it.Speaking of the campaign, remember GalCiv 2's massive campaign?  This one has a whopping three missions, and they give you an almost invincible warship in two of 'em.  Every other ""campaign"" is DLC-only but even that is pretty minor compared to even GalCiv 2's very first campaign.Only thing I've noticed is that the game hasn't crashed on me and seems to run a lot better, so there's at least that but yeah... overall this game is STILL a complete farce.  Just do yourself a favor and buy Civilization VI is you like those types of games."
76561198027058127,Not Recommended,226860,24242301,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,losferwords,"Played many hours of GCII, but this one leaves a LOT to be desired. I know there are fanboys on here that swear this game is great and it's easy, and it's the greatest game ever made, but they are obviously cheating, or modifying the game files.For the rest of us, it comes down to the AI having a HUGE advantage over the human  player, even on easy. Resources, FoW, manufacturing, etc. You HAVE to research weapons, armor, sensors, and other military techs from the start, and you must produce ships every turn as soon as you can.On easy turn 800 or so, the power indicator shows AI having 32000 and I have 2800. This is after researching all of the available weapons and armor tech and putting out over 100 ships. There is NO way a human player can do this - without cheating. It's imp[ossible to put out 32000 points of ships.Survey and sensors are the same way - the AI can and will move faster than you, and make a bee-line for you even though it shouldn't be able to catch you, or to see you.Don't waste the time on this game, unless you want to use cheat codes or modify the game files."
,Not Recommended,226860,15881577,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,LordLiquorich,"EDITI really should just revise this entire review, but that just begs to question where do I begin with what all is wrong with this game? Far too many words for not only the attention span of the average reader, but even more words than a Steam review can allow. So let me sum it up: Bad AI, unpredictable game bugs from minor to game breaking, plus everything mentioned below. Honestly, this game was at a: ""Don't buy until on sale"", but after putting more hours into it (and then rage quitting because of a daftly mind boggling stupid bug that made me uninstall the game in anger) I am now just saying: Avoid this game until it has plenty of patches. Don't trust this developer to deliver quality. I should have known from the beginning when they launched the early access at $99 that this game was a sham and a rip off. I'm still kicking myself - a week later - that I bought this game at $50. Terrible, terrible purchase.Original review below:I'm having a hard time getting into this game.For most 4x games, particularly the Civ series, 2 hours is way more than enough for the game to sink it's hooks in and keep me going for ""just one more turn!""It's easy to draw similarities between the Civ franchise and Galactic Civilizations III, partly because ""Civilizations"" is in it's title, but it is also a 4x game with similar rulesets as the Civ franchise, which maybe is where I am having trouble getting in to it.Civ5 made it easy to pick up and play. While it's not without it's bugs (especially at launch) some of the basic fundamentals seems refined.GCIII, on the other hand, seems to have clunky controls which is the bare-bones basics of all games. The UI often provides too much unnecessary information at times, while at other times, it doesn't seem to give you enough feedback (like when building on a planet)***EDIT***below I mention using directional keys to move the camera bugs when selected on a ship. This isn't entirely true. After checking key-mapping, it turns out the W and the S key were mapped to 2 items, resulting in the seemingly weird bug. This comes back to my complaint about the UI not providing enough information. It would have been nice if the game informed me there was another function already mapped to those keys.The camera - which I map to WASD - is picky. I can move it freely while I am NOT selected on any ship or planet, but should I select one, it locks my camera to the X axis, preventing any vertical scrolling. As for movement paths themselves - going back to the UI not providing enough feedback at times - when you tell a ship to auto move (either to your predefined location or just setting it to auto-explore) it seems like any action, big or small, while the unit is selected, will set the ship to idle and remove it's auto-path.Race customization seems almost pointless. Aesthetically, there are very limited options to chose from - unless you want still images, which I find un-immersive. It does provide some RPG-esque stats to try and specialize your race in certain areas, but I found it to be so inconsequential. You only get 5 points to distribute, and since this is not an RPG - as far as I am aware - you do not get any more stat points to distribute.While you could intentionally REMOVE points from existing areas to get more than the 5 stat points, it always feels like if you want to properly specialize your race you have to intentionally hinder your race. Honestly, It feels like it has the illusion of a deep stat system, but frankly, I think a basic ""Choose 2 specializations and choose 1 weakness"" from a small list of trees like, ""Research, Commerce, Growth, Warfare, Politics"" would have provided a more meaningful choice than the existing ""specialization tree"".Ship building is a fine example of how clunky controls can be in this game. It feels like an almost direct copy-paste job of the ship building in GCII, and it has not aged well.There is NO undo/redo option. There is NO copy-paste option. As far as I am aware, there is NO save and edit later function. When you have as many functions to control objects shape, size, appearance, and animation, the lack of the above listed utilities is a huge disappointment on Stardock. This makes repeating similar pieces for symmetry's sake tedious as hell with no copy paste. And if you use the gizmo's to control rotation, translation, and size, then it is very easy to accidentally click on a different piece than the one you are editing and wind up adjusting the wrong piece, which can result in screwing up the ship and without Ctrl-Z to undo, it can be astoundingly frustrating.The use of snap-points for pieces also seems archaic, and often, getting the piece you want to snap to the points is a headache in it of itself, but more often than not, these snap points don't seem to want to work in your favor anyways. Often it seems like objects want to snap to the most illogical placement, such as clipping inside the object it snapped to, and usually with weird rotations.I feel like a drag-and-drop system or a click-on system (without snap points) would have been more effective, but, without it, as a result, the ship-building is just a headache.I came into this game hoping to experience a Sci-Fi equivilent to Civilizations with extensive customization, but I left feeling like I was burned by a bad game with poor, clunky controls, an uninfomative UI, and shallow, frustrating customization. DON'T BUY UNTIL IT HAS SEVERAL PATCHES!!!!"
,Recommended,226860,15830681,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"So far so good! Galactic Civilization II was one of the greatest strategy games of all time for me so I was a bit worried and stoked all at the same time for the new game. The good news is that fans of the past games will enjoy this 3rd game in the series and that some new players might like it aswell!There is TONS of customization in this game and the maps can be HUGE HUGE HUGE HUGE! If you like 4x strategy games or space games or stardock games from the past check this one out!  The graphics are nice, the gameplay is fun and like always in stardock games there are alot of options for customization/modding.5 hours into the game so far and my experience is 98% positive! Had one small bug but that is really the only negative I have atm! Pick up this new stardock Galactic Civilization 3 game and start taking over all the planets and kick some aliens butt! Feel like creating your own faction from scratch? You can do it in this, customize anything from spaceships design, whole factions,etc...What is here now is a wonderful base game that I hope gets a good expansion pack like Galactic Civilization 2 had. Stardock imo is the best at these 4x Strategy games, they nailed it with Galactic Civilization 1 and 2 years ago, did an awesome job on Fallen Enchantress Legendary Heroes and of course the wonderful Sins of A Solar Empire series that Ironclad and Stardock work on.In the end if you are wondering if this is new one can measure up to the old ones or not.... The answer is its more great GC from stardock and its very much worth checking out if you don't mind a slight learning curve and don't mind your social life getting destroyed! (This has the ""JUST ONE MORE TURN!!!"" feeling of Civilization games and good 4x strategy games of the past).Now back to my game as Spock and his faction as we try to take over the world! This really is the ultimate Space Sandbox!"
76561197972573443,Recommended,226860,23556215,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Dire Poops,"Over 100 hours of gameplay stretched over months I've gone back and forth on whether I could recommend this game. I decided I can definitely recommend it because it's developers continue to improve it. Initially GC3 felt barren and boring so I put it aside. Each time I come back I find myself playing it more and more as it receives updates.GC3 can be compared best to Civ V in my opinion. I love Civ 5 and have played it more than 400 hours. I can tell you Civ 5 is a complete game whereas GC3 is not. Civ 5 feels balanced and polished whereas GC3 is not. Yet I come back to GC3 because I love a space theme and there's no other Space Opera out there. Endless Space was okay, but GC3 has more to it. I'm certainly looking forward to Endless Space 2 and Stellaris (I know it's out but it needs probably a year of polishing and DLC).Pros+Depth+Races look and feel different, but I wouldn't call it night and day+Customizations in terms of appearance+Tech tree is good+Building placement is fun+Continual improvements by devsCons-Ship models don't look as good as workshop models-Some questionable balancing (building ships to move 30+ spaces, overlapping starbase bonuses on colonies)-Still needs some polish-Not enough music. Seems like only a few tracks of music.A note on building ships. Why is it many space 4X games out there feel the need to let players completely customize ships? I feel this usually leads to broken designs and the AI just can't compete against players who know what weapons and defenses to stack and so on.Anyways, it's said that next year GC3 is getting a major overhaul + expansion. Needless to say I'm looking forward to this very much."
76561198007357623,Recommended,226860,23331084,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,General Quarters,"WinnerAdaptable to adding in other you own sci fi culutres. Good ship design concepts, though missing a few concepts, cloaking, Marine boarding, ship to ship beaming etc. etc.BADUnable to control battles at a tactical level. Or take control of foreign stabases in your own terriority!"
,Recommended,226860,15807605,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Vid-szhite,"It's been a long journey, and now it's finally ready. If only you knew half of what this game went through in the beta. The devs really kicked butt and got a mountain of good work done in the month before release.Just as with GalCiv 2 before it, the spaceship designer is the best part about this game - like playing with a customizeable box of Legos, you can take pieces from anything in the game at all, resize them, stretch them, double them along both lines of symmetry, move the lines of symmetry to wherever you want, and animate anything. That's not to say the default designs aren't amazing -- heck, they're so good, you could go the whole game using just the default designs and never feel bad about it, but the personal touch you get from designing your own ship will make you excited to play future games, where you know exactly what techs you need to start making those ships (the designs stay with you until you delete them).Obviously, this isn't just a spaceship designer, it's a space 4x, and it is a deserving successor of the GalCiv franchise. Everything is bigger, better, and with more room for expansion. The move up to 64 bit allowed the devs to go nuts with features, and even more stuff is on the way. Best of all, GalCiv 3 is easy to mod, and mod support is better than ever. Don't like the default balance? Changing it is as easy as opening an XML and changing a few numbers. Once it gets integrated into the Steam Workshop, the floodgates will open. Make an awesome ship design and want to share it with the world? Do it.I honestly didn't think this game would be ready in time when I saw the release date. The devs done went and proved me wrong, and I couldn't be happier."
,Recommended,226860,15802458,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Steven,"this is exactly what I have always wanted a turn based 4x game with good mutiplayer support so I can play with my freinds, be honest I do not really play single player games much any more, I hit up skype with freinds that are in the miltary and we game for 3 or 4 hours,  this gives me exactly that option to do and its large huge scale maps with awesome custom races, I really wish civ5 would been this good!if u know what MOO1 MOO2 MOO3  then GC2 and GC1 is then u know what you are getting, in GC3 which is exacactly what I persoanly wanted, it brings in best of the mutipalyer support that MOO3 and 2 had improves it by alot.add workshop for sharing files to keep things synced up and you have a great mutiplayer turn based stgy game thats on a huge grand scale of empire building."
76561197985095040,Recommended,226860,15817441,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,a0152570,"***  Updated as of release 1.01  ****The GoodWell with almost 600 hours in I can tell you I am no wear near played out.  So what would I say about replay ability and that infamous ONE MORE TURN factor?  >> 10 out of 10 <<Wow, an awful lot!! Too much to list all so here is a few high points* if you liked GC1/2 there is no way not to LOVE GC3 >hands down* If you like 4x games, I don’t see how you cannot like this one* Completely insane (beyond huge) map size* if you like to do ship design, this designer is SOO advanced* Multiplayer >>100+ players << (**yes this still needs work, so if this is your reason for buying Wait)* Artwork is top notch; the detail in their ship; starbase and planet graphics is amazing* Full realistic lighting, HDR, particles, super hi resolution detail* Very Very customizable, tons of options for custom races* Lots of good Stardock support for the game, great long term roadmap. Lots of “free” parches planed for improvements. 2 within the first monthThe Be Advised> Yes it is playable on the minimum system configuration but realistically your limited to the first 2 or 3 smaller map sizes as it bogs down badly with big maps >> this could/should improve as optimization continues> Polish and balancing has come a long way and quite honestly it’s not bad at all.  This is a never ending journey!> Still a few bugs here and there but nothing I found would be considered gam breaking.> Can the AI be improved?  Always, but it’s pretty darn good now.  Do you see the AI doing something silly every now and then? CertainlySTABILITYI would be remiss if I didn’t say something about it as you will probably still see lots of stuff in the forum.If you have an older machine you’re going to have more issues than someone with a smoken hot new rig.  I am still seeing crashes on my 3 & 5 year old laptop/tower, both were top enders when new.  Sometimes I can play 5 hours straight with no problems at all.  Other times it can it has crashed  4 or 5 times within a single turn or 2.  Neither Stardock nor I have any idea why. Your mileage may vary.Bottom line for me: Great game 9/10"
76561198010308417,Not Recommended,226860,21847337,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Undertow,"Shiny, buggy rehash of GC2,Menu and interface are a step down. Why is all the space in my research window being taken up by some dude staring at me?Waste of $60. Wish I had just held out for GC2 2.20."
76561198125938368,Recommended,226860,18842060,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ShadeHeart,Good game with a friendly community and supports community mods.Definitely recomend.
76561197978551771,Recommended,226860,32483194,Posted: 16 June,all,axeslay3r,"I already liked the game , with the changes since they released Crusade I love it , they added more depth for me.I wont go into detail , since I am sure others have. but over all I am very happy with the changes(Ok I do love that you can now add ships to your custom factions w/o the hassle )So yes if you want a game that you can re play , this is one of those that I can put down and go back much laterand enjoy myself , which is a huge plus for me.-Axe"
76561198004140896,Recommended,226860,31895268,Posted: 21 May,all,stephen.oglejr,Have always loved resource management games and the is one of the greats.  Been playing for about 10 days. There are a few capabilities I'd like to have but overall I'm very pleased.
76561198031680406,Recommended,226860,25472624,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,civilization,"I really wish I had time to play more, because this game has that one-more-turn thing going for it. Sadly it's so good that if I don't uninstall it I'll spend way too much time on it.I strongly recommend using the DLCs and mods fromnexusmods.comthat add variety to planet types, planet features and colonisation events.Like any good 4X it offers challenging choices, like prioritising techs or choosing whether to run a planet down to expand to others or to send colonists from a further planet that could use a drop in populace. Whether to get all the anomalies early or to concentrate on finding habitable planets. Whether to sacrifice growth for a while to build a factory. Whether to lurch for a tech to improve a large planet or concentrate on techs that help all your planets but less each. I could go on for hours.The best space 4X I've found so far.Recommended unreservedly.10/10One day when I have the time I'll install it (or one of its sequels) again."
,Recommended,226860,15812642,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Phi π,Great and promissing game. I love it.
,Not Recommended,226860,17434954,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Kyu,"More of an upgrade to GalCiv II than a sequal. With Workshop integration you have more races to choose from, though the game only supports a max of 100, and I've found that the more you have, the more likely there is going to be a conflict causing a CTD.The game itself is as fun as II, except for the constant CTDs for whatever reasons. I very much feel like I'm back in the EU2 era of Paradox games.Fun, but can't be recommended at this time."
,Recommended,226860,15707756,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,StoneGlory,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZQj8o5k_4gI bought the game back in early beta. After all of this time, it has come very far. It is easily an upgraded GalCiv2 now. I LOVE it. Highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,226860,14154097,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cheeki Breeki Goob,"Being in a beta develpoment stage, I would say that the game has great potential. Although I cannot say it would be better than its predecessors as I have not played them (yet). All my concerns and gripes are all pointed at the fact that it is still a  game in beta. Graphical anamolies such as seeing glowing orbs (these are not stars, smartasses) of various colors and sizes flicker across the screen when moving, strategic resources being disgiused as Dead Worlds (I assume that its a placeholder) and varying amounts of lag/stutter when zooming in and out between the strategic view and getting in close enough for models to be visible. Other than this, I found it pretty enjoyable for what it is currently and I am eagerly waiting for the full release."
76561198041736721,Recommended,226860,16997032,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,janice_stender,"The only thing i would like to see is a hot seat game.  I played the on line multi player game and we get to a certain point then the game burps and we cant continue at all, we have to start over."
76561198035316734,Recommended,226860,15832321,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Roadie,"""We now have better life support systems which is just a fancy name for bigger guns.""When Most think of space they think of how vast and expansive it is. The possabilitys it can reveil and the dangers it posesses.GalCiv3 has really done a great job at making a very big space 4x experience. Expansive with many possablitys.Custom races. Insane sized maps. Ships you can design. In depth deplomacy. Sharp AI. Did I mention you can have over 100 oppenents? This game is a 4x wet dream for those who like games that can be exccessivly large long and can leave somthing to remember, your own epic story.Lets just say this game is immersive, immersive as in one more turn,,, 12 turns later you should have gone to bed for work. I am a vetren of Gal Civ II and when I heard that they were working on number three I immediately jumped on bored knowing this developer would deliver even a richer experience this time around. I was not disapointed and am looking forword to what they add in the future. It is not dumbed down or demanding on micro management and very sandbox friendly.If you like 4x space games then this is a must have for your collection. A great sequil to a classic.Also Congrats stardock!! Gal Civ 3 is  #2 on steam, you deserve it!"
,Recommended,226860,16361973,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,pdboddy,"GalCiv3 has everything you want in a space-based 4X game.  Much of it is customizable: the size of the galaxy, density and frequency of stars, planets and so forth.  You can create your own customizable race, reminiscent of Master of Orion 2, though not quite the same level of detail.  The best part, I find, is designing your own ships.  There are plenty of premade ships that will appear in the list as you gain the technology to field them.  But you also have the choice of constructing a ship out of parts, adding in the equipment you desire, and building those.And it has the same glaring bug that all good 4X games have (Civ, Endless Space, Warlock...), it's around turn 300 or so that you find it's 3am in the morning and you should go to bed.But... one more turn."
76561198036790625,Recommended,226860,35126645,Posted: 22 September,all,sfdrew83,"There are a lot of things to love about this game, but if you don't care about any of them then it's not really a casual sort of game for anybody to pick up. I personally enjoy the way this franchise approaches the 4x genre, but I know others will disagree. I loved GalCiv II and after all the updates and expansions I feel that GalCiv III has truly surpassed it and become a proper successor. The learning curve is high, so if you aren't used to these kinds of games you may get frustrated,  so I would recommend playing smaller maps at first and then expanding out to larger maps with loftier goals, or else you'll get stuck just hitting the end turn button until you lose because you didn't set yourself up correctly in the early game. Make no mistake, this is a big game with a lot to learn, but I if you feel interested enough to read reviews then I'd say pick it up."
,Recommended,226860,31384695,Posted: 26 April,all,queensgambit8,"I generally like RTS gaming this is one of the best that I played, and believe me I play them all the time. I am a big fan of the Company of Heroes franchise series. So this is right up there. I play for hours on end all the time"
,Recommended,226860,17264265,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Troy_Costisick,"This game is everything I could want in a Space 4X.  I like the political mechanics and combat especially.  They're fun and simple and fast.  The adjacency bonuses for developing worlds is a nice little strategic addition to the game that makes colonizing fun.  Ship customization takes a little while to get used to, but having that option is nice.  It can really speed up expansion and development of star bases.Great work, Stardock!Peace,-Troy"
,Recommended,226860,22526320,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,joe.bowman,"If you loved GalCivII  you'll like the improvements. Many of the best elements from the earlier franchise made it into the modern version. Biggest complaint is the dialogue, both poorly written and filled with spelling errors - at the premium price (even waiting for $20 off) there is no excuse. In GalCiv II the options presented when founding a colony were written in a way that aided gameplay, but in GalCiv III I keep wishing they'd end their paragraphs a sentence earlier.Other than this bother, it is a fun and improved version worthy of its namesake."
76561198047181844,Recommended,226860,16123152,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,garywkerr,"Fair sized learning curve.  A lot of patience is needed for a new game, but hang in there, it gets good!Graphics intensive, my laptop gets realy HOT, but its three years old.Kudos"
,Not Recommended,226860,17403528,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,golan,"It might be the game I will be playing a lot in a couple of years. It's not there yet.  You might want to read the reviews on the expansion to understand the current state of the game, bellow is my impression some months after release.[Review from the game's 3rd major update]The game is far from what it should have been. I've backed the game in the alpha stage, but after reading into what they were planning to do, have avoided playing it too much prior to its release as I didn't wanted to spoil my experience after that point. Now, in perspective, I should have waited even more for the game to be completed... but here we are.As with the previous Gal Civ, I've spent most of my time playing this game in the designer mode. In this new iteration, the designer is even better, if you can believe it. If you like Sci-Fi, you'll really like designing your own space faring armada. And with the changes they've made, ships will look more smooth and you'll have more options in terms of angles and shapes. With mods, this can only get better in time. If the developer adds more artefacts, it would really be awesome.However, this great feature isn't, yet, backed up by a balanced and immersive game. There are tons of little misgivings that ruin immersion and I won't go into details to avoid spoilers. Game balance is a big issue though. For me the experience started on the wrong foot, the map didn't spawned the resources required once I've changed the defaults of a new game. Think how it feels finding this out 50h into a savegame. Once you learn how to workaround all these issues and spend several hours to epxand, you'll run into the AI issues. In my case, the AI was passive in many playthroughs. I was the only player on the map with fighting capable ships for 1/3 of the duration of the playthrough in some of my games. I've tried changing my playstyle to see if anything changes. Nope. The AI does an aggressive job at some of the Xs out of the 4x. Exploration and expansion are performed gregariously by the AI, they don't know how to exterminate once they reach another player's borders, human or AI. Also, it's not clear to me how does the AI have the resources to spawn as many ships as it does (it might have been fixed with the latest patches, but it's really hard to playtest this, players don't have enough time for it and it should be counted as a negative for the developers for letting this slip by to begin with).Improvements from the previous Gal Civ 2, like the hex pattern and adjancency bonuses, are nice and all, but they add too little to the gameplay to compensate. They're great ideas, but it's not enough and considering that the game feels poorly balanced, they don't really compensate for the shortcomings.Other nitpicks. The UI looks nice, but it's not well thought through. Elements that are required are barely visible, while non-functional elements take most of the screen (in the designer or shipyard for example).Diplomacy is rather childish and the text options are repetitive. Game length is too high considering what it has to offer. Customisation exists, but you'll be more likely to run into gamedesign limitations and functional issues if you attempt such a thing (for me it's a plus that a developer even attempts such a level of customisation, even if they fail, because it's a dying art in the game industry and I would hate losing it - still, people should know what they get into).In conclusion: I will try to complete a game from time to time, but I'll be returning to GC3 because of the designer, unless it improves considerably."
76561197970569033,Recommended,226860,16222819,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,PvtScott,"GalCiv III is another solid entry in the series from Stardock. It is your typical 4x space game, with somewhat dry lore, with the addition of a racial morality system, complete with perks. The early gameplay is actually quite peaceful and focuses on expansion and diplomacy. It is not until the mid-game is reached that the technology for invading planets with billions of soldiers is unlocked. As with the previous entries, there are a multitude of win conditons: diplomatic, cultural, ascension to a higher plane of being, research, military, etc. The combat is automated and is based on a sort of rock-paper-scissors model, which allows the AI to be a competent oppent. Overall, solid AI provides a decent challenge. If you like creating and building neat spaceships, fear not, for this game features an extensive ship creator, allowing huge freedom in designing the look and loadout of your craft."
76561197985896234,Not Recommended,226860,25265507,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,>1rC3n<// Invader Skutsch,"it is just missing something.Galactic Civilisations presents itself as, well Civilisation in space. It feels a lot like Endless Space. I descended into chaos quickly, having lost all sense of direction, of where my ships are, who my current victim should be. Or where I was sending wich of my seemingly countless ships and Constructors, some of wich, I later realized, weren't even ones I built, but wich were automaticly built by the system as part of Space-Station upgrades, and were now clustering my view.War and battle are really a LOT like Endless Space, you can either build some generic ships, or create your own versions, wich are generally stronger and/or cheaper. But you have absolutley no controll over the battle.None.Whatsoever.You can watch.kinda.because camera-movement is, lets say impared, you can zoom in on the fight, and wonder what the h**l your captains are thinking, or you can not, because you simply cannot find them and are basically lost until you either win, or lose. if you choose not to view the battle (it really doesn't make a difference) you are back to Cilvisation in Space, not bad, but not excatly terrific either.Recommendation: Buy if it is on sale for a few bucks, but honestly, Stardock has done so much better."
76561198038705703,Recommended,226860,34841144,Posted: 9 September,all,pjstadelbach,"This review is based mostly on the crusades expansion, but I did play well over 200 hours on the base game.I have had this game for a while to see how the patches stabilize the game.  It was a bit buggy, but the 2.5 beta patch seems to address quite a few issues.  I go tmy wife into the game through multiplayer, so the lack of customized races is still a let down.  I hope they put that feature back in soon.As for the gameplay, I like how resources are placed in inventory (for crusades and apparently for the base game soon), which is more realistic than the traditional turn based approach (you control 5 resource and one is used to build XX).  Now trading resources and utilizing special weapons is more fun and requires some planning.If you plan on getting the game specifically for multiplayer only I would still wait a while to see what the final 2.5 patch does for stability.  It has greatly reduced crashes and fixed annoying bugs, but it still does crash."
76561198043707249,Recommended,226860,29524861,Posted: 27 January,all,Garedicus,"I would very cautiously recommend this game to others, but only if you know what you're getting into. The learning curve on this game is incredibly steep. I have 53+ hours in, and I think I might be starting to grasp some of the basics of the game. I'm really interested in the ship design aspect, but find that it's incredibly difficult to get enough tech options to make ship building worthwhile and not get crushed by the AI, or run completely out of money, etc. Still, I would definitely play multiplayer games, and I suspect that, with enough practice, this could be an extremely fun game.Right now, though, it's mostly just an extremely frustrating game."
76561198202022620,Recommended,226860,27359590,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Little Dragon,"Galactic Civiliations 3 is a sequal to the popular Galactic Civilizations 2 and builds upon the various features of the previous game.This game allows you to game as 8 different races (in the base game) or a 9th race if you what to create your own races within the game. This is a feature I love and as a result have grown to love the game. Galactic Civilizations also allows you to create your own starships from strach using a unqiue editor found no where else. This is another great feature. Mulitplayer was introduced in this game and I loved it to bits. Hopefully it comes back in future installments of the series.However despite all the good things stated above the pacing of the game feels a bit forced when on it's defults which is how I first played the game. That pacing can be changed, but to someone who did know how to do that made the game a challenge, prepapes too hard for the new comer I was to the game. The A.I in the game however doesn't feel as fluid as in the previous game and can make some horriable judgements and can go to war for aparent reason oother than poking them, which for me can drag away from the main experience.Despite all of it's flaws I'd definetly recomend this game to others who enjoy the genre of game this falls under and hopefully you'll enjoy it as much as I did."
,Not Recommended,226860,28419296,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Fuego_Roboto,"The races and the AI that controls them are pretty awful. I never had a game that I played where I enjoyed any challenge they could give me... It was either I did not have enough guns, or I had to many guns.... Galactic Civ 2 was the better game... Even then, you are better off with the Civ games if you want something truly interesting...."
76561198054309757,Not Recommended,226860,23760528,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ian.silver67,"Unimpressive. It's the same old as the other games in the series, a few minor tweaks (race design) but nothing to write home to mum about. For me the biggest two problems with it are in order to have even a most basic overview of what is going on you have to zoom out - when you zoom out the display becomes a 2D hexagonal grid full of stylised symbols for ships, planets etc making the whole thing look like a 1980's table top strategy board game. The graphics are nice enough up close - when you are so close you literally can't do anything worthwhile.Don't get me wrong, the game is ok  - so was GCII with all its variants and this just seems to bring not much new to get excited about."
76561197970777522,Recommended,226860,15810828,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,pguyton,"loved it! best 4x on the market right now , can't wait for release day!"
,Recommended,226860,15832204,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,HossPorkchops,"This is a fantastic take on the 4X genre. As Sid Meier would say, the game is full ofinteresting decisions. which is a subtlety that a lot of 4X games seem to miss: if a decision isn't interesting, it's just busywork.Planetary managementis well done and a notch above what you'd find in a typical Civilization-style game. Instead of building all the buildings, you instead place them on a hex grid map of the planet. Even here there are interesting decisions to be made, as the limited room requires both determining what buildings to construction as well as where to build them. In GC3, buildings provide Adjacency Bonuses, and these are important to take into consideration when building out your planet's infrastructure. For example, a Solar power generator provides adjacency bonuses to factories. Do you try to squeeze that solar plant in to create a powerful production world, even though it might mean not having room for another farm or planetary defenses?While many techs are largely shared between the various races,each race also has their own unique techs. For instance the Krynn, a personal favorite of mine, has tech lines and buildings related to Influence and Morale (to those familiar with Civ4/5, think culture and happiness, respectively). Other races like the Drengin are much more military focused in their techs.Unique techs aren't the only thing separating the races, however. Each race comes with it's own set of statistical bonuses and maluses, but they also have a coupleTraits. These traits might provide free colony upgrades on colonization, drone ships to patrol planets and starbases, and various other benefits. One of the races is mechanoid in nature, which means that population must be constructed, not grown. Taken together with the unique techs, each race is left with a distinct feel and looks to provide a lot of replayability. If none of the races appeal to you, the game comes with a custom race editor built into the game where you can set up your own.Thecombatin the game is not fought out in manually controlled tactical battles like Sword of the Stars, instead you watch as your fleet arrays against the opposing forces and engages in battle. This is where you can glean important information in terms of what kind of ships your enemy is fielding. You can get this information while watching the battle unfold, but the game also provides a detailed battle overview at the end so you can see what weaknesses you might have that your opponent is exploiting, or where you can press your advantage. This means that ship design is important, but if you're the type who doesn't want to bother with designing your own units, the game comes with a plethora of built-in ships. Just be aware that the AI can and will make use of any devious designs you create!Speaking of AI, I'm only 20+ hours into the game so far so by no means an expert, but the AI thus far has given me a hefty challenge without relying on cheats and resource bonuses (those are available too, but at higher difficulties. If you play against Gifted, the AI fights to the best of it's ability and it's more than a match for me thus far!). This is a welcome relief for me, as shoddy AI has sabotaged many promising strategy games in my catalog.An additional avenue of customization is done in game, and that is theIdeologysystem. Events happen throughout the game such as when colonizing planets as well as random events that will occur. You will be presented with three choices, each related to one of the three Ideologies: Benevolent, Pragmatic, and Malevolent. Selecting a choice related to a particular Ideology will grant you points in that category, which you can use to unlock various bonuses and perks from their respective trees (each Ideology has 4 different bonus lines). You're not locked into one Ideology, but unlocking new perks does get progressively more expensive as you open them up, so choose wisely. Each decision also typically comes with it's own bonuses and penalties, so it's not always an easy decision on which to go with. For example you might be wanting to focus on Pragmatic ideology, but when colonizing a world that you plan to make your research center might have a -20% research penalty associated with it. Do you take the Pragmatic approach despite the penalty, or do you opt for one of the other two? One again, it's an example of frequently making interesting decisions throughout the game.I'll wrap it up here, but in conclusion I think this game is a no-brainer for fans of the 4X genre. It's smart, elegant, the AI can put up a fight, and I feel the game is well polished for a 1.0 release. The additional of Multiplayer support in GalCiv3 might only be of interest to the minority (one that I am part of), but for those who like to play a game with friends or have a quick match against others online, it's a fantastic feature that is often missing in many strategy games.Go buy the game!"
76561198092608300,Recommended,226860,22728504,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,jayar1st,It's tons of fun. This game is easy to get lost in. I would like it better if it came with a more detailed tutorial.
76561198045968497,Not Recommended,226860,33642908,Posted: 18 July,all,Ukkoa,"Even after numerous patches and the Crusades expansion, Gal Civ III still isn't a compelling 4x.  It's boring and no amount of additional content, paid for or otherwise, can change that.  I really love this series and I hope the next iteration is a return to form."
76561197970668950,Recommended,226860,16977199,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,SPONGE,"Good game, really goes for your hours played record. Will feel familiar to anyone whos played either of the previous 2.New players may find the game a little difficult to get into at the start as the game doesnt really tell you alot &the tech tree is flippin huge!!!!! its worth sticking with & the designing of your own ships is still one of the best features in a game (you really can spend hours on this without trying, more games should do this)I do think the single player game difficulty levels need to be tweeked a bit, the level between normal & challenging feels a little too wide - normal often being way too easy & challenging maybe a little too so with certain setupsStill one of the better space strategy series out there"
76561198031039168,Recommended,226860,11740867,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Mack,"Only have 4 hours of play thus far.  I like where this is going and I am looking forward to follow-on updates. Not sure if I am doing something wrong, but the screen is not centering on the battles in progress, so it is sometimes a puzzle to know where to send reinforcements. I like to have the tech tree open when I choose a new tech, so it is annoying to have to click down to it each time a new tech needs to be reseacrhed. I do like the notifications that I am getting like shipyard idle, colony idle, etc.  It would be nice to have (or be made aware of) a keyboard shortcut for some actions. Keep up the good work."
76561198009814523,Not Recommended,226860,29578077,Posted: 29 January,all,Ultima,"Purchased this game thinking it would weigh up against Sins of a Solar Empire, which is very good. This game is the following: Very bugged. Crashes constantly. DLC is lame. Flat civilization3-like layout.Conclusion: Play Stellaris instead for more advanced diplomacy experiences and dynamics as well as less bugs."
76561198013453773,Recommended,226860,20227888,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sinon,"After passing 60 games I figured it's about time I write some reviews about them as well, so here we go.A few days back I bought this game as it seemed quite interesting based on the trailer and pictures. Truth be told it still is. I love getting together a nice fleet, build a bunch of ARC 170 fighters from Star Wars (I found it on Steam Workshop) and I simply love massive fights with them!However this is also pretty much all I like about this game...When I started I had no idea about designing ships and I just built the ones made by default and found myself having a quite weak fleet being massacrated over and over again. Not until I finally started to design my own ships and focus more upon economical and military research (and a lot on reducing size of everything, creating more space in the ships and get the logistics up) did I get any progress at all. I mean I seriously spent about 20 hours stuck in the first mission trying to figure out how I would counter all these continuous attacks coming from all sides! Don't get me wrong though, I got addicted to this challenge, but I feel that the default ships made by the AI should have more balanced in defenses (and not only go for either shield or armor).After I finally won the first mission after 28 hours (I've never spent more than maybe 2-3 hours on the same mission in a game before <_<) I started playing the 2nd mission. This one came down as a real bummer because first of all I couldn't use the ships and planets from my past mission, secondly my designs were all gone and thirdly a large part of the research I had done was reset! This made the game feel unnatural and I felt I had been sent to a paralell universe or was playing a new faction or something. In my opinion a game should always continue where one left off and not ignore the players work and achievements. It just makes all the work and effort seem wasted...Now despite this I would say that it is somewhat fun, but I think I will stop playing the campaign since I can't stand all my work being reset every time I make some progress in the story...I overall I would say this game gets a 5,5/10. I don't want to give it a 6 as I am quite divided about recommending it, but at the same time I feel it barely passes the requirements for being recommended, mainly due to the challenge that took me 28 hours to solve."
76561197990989408,Not Recommended,226860,13483843,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Metalhead97,"Unplayable in it's present state, no visible text on various menu buttons/items.  Avoid till a later date/patch."
76561198004626359,Recommended,226860,23037839,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Bill Tuttle,Read a ton of bad reviews on this game. Years and years ago I bought GC II just because it looked cool... It was hard AS HELL. So I bought this one just last week or so. Fun as hell. Not sure about the negative reviews.
76561197980412549,Not Recommended,226860,16195299,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Rabidnid,"Well. I've been getting to know GC III over the last week or so and I have to say its underwhelming. It is quite playable and good fun, but there have been so many poor choices made with the interface and optimisation that larger games are a trial.Little things like having groups of ships appear anywhere as groups in an easily selectable format, rather than every ship being in a single track which doesn't indicate if the ship is part of a particular group or on the other side of the galaxy. The interface for extracting ships from starbases from planets could also be much better. If each fleet or ship had flag that was visible on the map that you could click on to see what it was composed of, that would be awesome. Same with planets and starbases.This game is also a system hog, slightly crash prone, and end of turn is also quite slow as every single AL action is played out before the turn will progress.I will check back in 6 months to see what has changed, but at the moment, its finish and functionality is about comparable to Rome 2 on launch day. Fun and playable, but VERY clunky."
76561198035391503,Recommended,226860,33558821,Posted: 15 July,all,lagrie,"Galactic Civilizations III4x strategy game in space.- creater your own ships, and share them on the workshop- ALLOT of map vareity. small to huge universes- Creating your own race is easy + you can share them- ingame map editor- well balanced (in my eyes)- ALLOT of content and will keep you bussy for hours.- Great 4x gameplay- Graphics are great- game runs smooth- you can watch the space fights if you want to. (ship vieuw, cinematic vieuw, free cam)Pretty well done. i'm enjoying it.Enjoy the game and sorry for the bad english"
76561198079685887,Not Recommended,226860,30483218,Posted: 12 March,all,RoboticDiscoPuma,The A.I. hates you no matter what you do. The A.I. will hunt you down to kill you regardless of your actions. The A.I. always has the upperhand no matter how prepared you are. The A.I. always wins battles even though you clearly outmatch them. The A.I. always has access to technology that they shouldn't be able to research yet.This game hates everything about you and makes it a point to remind you how much it hates you.
76561198005725454,Not Recommended,226860,24895462,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,beckerb1000,"I really like Gal Civ 3 when it WORKS! My suggestion to Stardock is to stop releasing DLC and fix the bugs, mainly memory leak issues. My PC is an Intel 3570K with 8 GB of ram and a ATI 390 with 8 GB of ram so this way above the recommended specfications that Stardock states."
,Not Recommended,226860,18281246,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Bowser,"Galactic Civilizations 3 feels like its in beta, because it haves so many game changing glitches. They introduced some new mechanics, removed others and held others from Galactic Civilizations 2.Here is some problems I found that makes the gameplay loses its immersion:- A.I. in war with each other just stand next to each other making some attacks 50 by 50 turns.I had Drengin and Marauders fighting each other in my territory for over 100 turns and each one of them had 4 fleets staring at each other but they just don't attacked each other.- Alliances doesn't matter anymore. That's right! One of the funniest things in GalCiv 2 doesn't work anymore. If you are allied with someone and other faction declares war with you, too bad, your allies don't care at all. In GalCiv 2 when someone declares war at one of your allies you have only 2 options: Declare war on the attacker or break alliance.- Battle view is broken, if you choose to watch a battle of your fleet, you watch it with 1 result then it justs do a quick battle after and with a completely different result and that counts, the previous one don't.- The A.I. declares a war or ends a war randomly. The events dont have any connection at all when its between A.I and A.I.- The United Planets... God its annoying. They propose the same thing over and over and over again. With 20 united planets meetings in my playthrough 11 of them was to propose the same festival (10% morale bonus all races), 6 to elect the chair race (and my race was not mentioned ever), 1 to end all wars, and 2 to other random events.Here is some new mechanics in GalCiv 3:- You now have a territory, not just that old influence territory, now other races haves to negotiate an Open Borders treat with you to legally stay in your territory. And if you refuse? They just stay anyway and you receive a spam message in your notifications inbox EVERY SINGLE TURN, and you don't have a way to disable it. And if you enter another race territory without permission they starts to dislike you.- Your planets now have a ""standby"" mode. You can choose to increase economic, research or influence by 5%. If you don't know this the game just don't let you pass the turn, you have to google it to learn and continue your playthrough.- Now when you have an Idle colony, ship, shipyard or just finished a research, your ""pass turn"" button turno into idlecolony, ship etc. The weird part is that you have to set the ship to explore, survey or guard to ignore it.Here is some improvements from GalCiv 2:- Graphics.- Sounds.- The grid(map). It's the most beautiful grid I've ever seen in a turn based game, and you can rotate, zoom, move however you like. Awesome!- Instead of building ships in a planet now you have to build shipyards that stands in space. You have the option to unanchor it and move it 1 square each turn but the farthest from the sponsors planet the slowest you build. And you can have more than one planet sponsoring each shipyard, which is very nice.- Custom races: You can now choose more details of your custom race, it helps when you decide to play against them. You can even change the images of the race.- The ideology tree and ideology points are much better now. There are powerful ideology skills to choose from.I don't recommend the game. I bought it with 50% discount and I regret it. Just buy Galactic Civilizations 2 Complete instead, you will have much more fun. Maybe I will play this game next year to see if some glitches have been patched.Edit: Added my opinion on ideology."
,Recommended,226860,21872694,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Skybow,"I absolutely adore this series, and the third installation did not disappoint my expectations. There are countless of improvements since the last game, and everything works just perfectly. I can put days and weeks into the same round and never get tired of it. The 'One More Turn' mentality definitely applies!One thing I personally did not fancy was how the planetary invasions have been reduced to merely being a click of a button, and Bam, you get a big Victory sign, while in the 2nd game you were treated to an actual, though rather crude, battle animation between the two forces. Just a nitpick."
,Not Recommended,226860,19639417,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Truck-Sama,"It's an alright game, however it still has a few issues.  First the larger maps will slow to a crawl when you get further into them, eventually becoming unplayable.  The game itself feels like a downgrade in almost every way to GalCiv 2 and it lacks some of the things that made that game great.  The ""difficulty"" aspect is non-existent, the devs basically just gave the AI such massive advantages even on normal difficulty that the player is always behind (though still easy to win because the AI is awful.)  Finally it charges five extra dollars for a bunch of things that should've already been in the game.  Those are only the major issues, there are a bunch of minor negative things about this game as well.  Overall it just feels boring, I can't get involved too deeply into it despite spending a ton of time on GalCiv 2 and multiple other space-based 4x.I recommend no if only because it's not worth $50+$20 dollar for the DLC."
76561197992510849,Recommended,226860,24397211,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,turbntt,I like this game. It is long and drawn out. I am retired so have spent 48 hours in the last 2 weeks. I find its difficult to win. MOO 2 is a much better game.
,Recommended,226860,15767052,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,HARMONY the cake hunter,ive been playing GalCiv 2 since it came out and im liking what im seeingdelicious blue xenos
76561198067725725,Recommended,226860,17391621,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,hinskip,Great game! 211 hours of time played so far!
76561198096196596,Recommended,226860,15817731,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Puella_Mea,"Excellent game by a team the truly listens to and respects their fans. Check the forums and all you will see are ""thank you's"" from the team for bug reports and suggestions; NO excuses or lip service. The Beta ran better then many so called completed games I have purchased. I write this review on the last day of Beta.Excellent game that rewards and leans towards strategic gameplay; it is lite on combat and a ton of fun for any armchair galactic emperors. An excellent tutorial will get you started and map sizes allow for games that can take anywhere from a few hours to days. Fully customizable gameplay, and ships. I am not too much on the ship thing but changing the gameplay to suit my mood works great here. For anyone who enjoys this type of game it's a ""must buy"". It is second only to Civ 5 for me in 4X but different enough to be worth owning both.I have played all three versions of GC and enjoyed each one which has always been better then the last. Stardock has in the past always supported their fans for years after release with upgrades and DLC making any investment in their games a good one."
76561198066337007,Recommended,226860,17350589,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Ironically Unironic,"Great game if your into games like Civ 5 and Sins of a solar empire, with similar features from both games. It also boast a race creator and ship designer which allows you to make no 2 games ever feel the same."
,Recommended,226860,17354548,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,jwhennig,"A bit of a learning curve for GalCiv2 players, but nothing the tutorial mission won't cure.  Still fun, a few changes will force you to adapt your play style.Still a fantastic strategy series."
,Recommended,226860,17388291,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,tate10,"Had fun playing this one, recommend to anyone who is a fan of the genre and likes long matchs, (so those who like civ 3/4)"
,Recommended,226860,17643897,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,GundamDeath0001,This is an incredibly addictive game.  Especially with all the downloadable content provided on steam.  I would recommend you guys doing a sale for the game.  If you are interested in the game I will say it is worth whatever price it is at when you are reading this.  The first time I played this game I spent almot 5 hours just playing the tutorial and doing a skirmish.Anyway that's my review on the game.  Thanks for reading and enjoy.
76561198009247226,Recommended,226860,17696363,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Will,"I got this game mid-day on a saturday. By the end of the weekend I had played 22 hours.Two things are certain; I require a life, and this game is AMAZING!"
,Recommended,226860,23942703,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ZeypherUndellus,"To me this game is vast, requires a steep learning curve, and needs dedication before its beauty is seen. While I would consider my progress in this game in its infancy, I certainly like the playstyle. I haven't bought any of the DLC as I feel like I would get lost with all the extras when I don't know how to handle the current ones I own.As far as gameplay goes, my laptop is starting to struggle with my 5 team, huge clustered, slow progress map on turn 500. I haven't seen any crashes or instability except for when zooming in and out of my map to look around.One frustrating thing I have with the game is that the when you highlight a ship for movement and then move your cursor around the map, the ship is no longer highlighted for orders and it becomes an idle ship. Then when you tab to access that ship again, it refocuses on the same ship removing you from your position which creates the same scenario. The fact that the ship cannot stay highlighted infuriates me especially when I'm trying to get away from the Drengins.On a positive note, the complex mechanics of the game keep the mind intrigued. Just when you think you had the fastest ships in the galaxy there will be a slow down causing you to rethink your long term attack strategy. This is exactly what I was asking for in a space management game such as this. While you do not control the performance of your units directly, knowing your chances and the risks associated with attacking the enemy fleet can keep the game exciting enough for the tacticians of the world.I do find it lacking that special something, however. Maybe it's because I've only played 20ish hours of it (although it feels like I've spent more), but I haven't gotten hooked like I did with Star Wars Empire at War. Where is my giant class battleship that counts as 30 logistic points? Maybe that's something that I have to create in order to find.The ship designer is cool, but I don't feel like many players, including I, know how to use it. It's just... there. If I had better instructions on how to use the tool that would be nice.Otherwise I enjoy the game, and it's been fun to see how it has grown from Beta to the current release I'm playing now.On a scale of golf cart to Lamborghini I give it a Mustang, one of those games that look sweet and sound sick, but just don't have enough juice to get you oogling over."
76561197993357488,Recommended,226860,22459727,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Midlan,I played the previous title and loved it.  this one improves on the solid  base of Galactic Civ 2 and enhances it... if your a fan of Civilization type games and just want a different flavor I reccomend this one
76561198037329627,Recommended,226860,24315561,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Londo Mollari,"Galactic Civilizations 3. Is a direct evolution of Galactic Civilizations 2 ( hereout Galactic Civilizations title will be shortened to GalCiv). While not revolutionary, and only offering some great new graphics and a few new features, it does run like a charm in comparison to its predecessor. The on screen battle videos are much better entertainment. I find myself cheering for my ships as they duke it out.For those of you new to galciv games. These are a turn based strategic 4x set in a space galaxy, either via campaign or sandbox. Galciv games are highly modable. The mods are often hosted onnexusgames.com. In galciv 2 i played both star wars vs star trek mod (self explanatory) and the Babylon 5 mod (also self explanatory). These offer a great measure of replayability in comparison to other 4x strategies. You have civilzation building elements like in most of 4x. These take place on a planet to planet basis. So yes, a lot of colonizing. In this iteration of Galciv, in fact, you can chose to do an insane amount of colonizing. Playing a single game that spans over 100 hours of gameplay. No two games are alike either, as you can choose who your openents are. Did i mention multiplayer? Yes they've got that also. One flaw is that unlike some other 4x games there is no hotjoining. So you have to make some friends to play multiplayer. Yet don't let that discourage you, single player is fun. You have other elements such as starbase building that work quite different than most 4x. Starbases can be economic boosters, military boosters, influence boosters or relic harvesters. Which bring me to relics. Relics are a feature from Galciv 2 ( haven't played 1). They provide bonuses to your civilization such as better research, production, influence. Now what is this influence stuff? It works much like culture off of the Sid Meier's Civlisation games. With one major exception. No great people. Influence expands your territory and can even flip enemy planets. There is also an influence victory option in sandbox.One last thing I'd like to mention is customizability. Galciv 3 is custumizable with its randomly generated sandbox maps, and custom race creation. Due to this I hardly ever play the same map or the same race twice. It also has difficulty levels for all gaming levels. From complete noob to the ultimate 4x player.Things I do not recommend for Galciv 3 are, buying the dlc without checking the reviews carefully. The dlc may or may not be worth the price for you. It's your choice but don't regret it.In summary if you like 4x you will like Galciv 3. You may not love it but you will have fun. Isn't that what games are for. I give Galciv 3 8/10"
76561197971312597,Recommended,226860,14738920,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Christopher,"I love the game, just wish I could finish a game...  freezes everytime like half way through... Please fix this so I can enjoy it more."
76561198039656507,Recommended,226860,15693645,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Toasted Nut,"Galactic Civilizations III is a great turn based strategy game. The civs of the galaxy have fun personalities and play differently from one another.  There is enough lore to draw me in but still enough room to make my own stories up about the civs I play. With the ability to create my own custom civs (and even design my own ships) and play as or against them the galaxy can really start to feel alive. Throw in the minor civs and set the map size to a larger setting and the galaxy is bursting with opportunities to expand, trade, make friends, and kill foes.The tech tree is nicely executed. Each civ has their own unique techs scattered around the tree to make each civ more unique, but not so much that it feels like I have to completely relearn each civs tech tree when I play them.Warfare is also well done. I can choose to focus on 1 of 3 weapon types and 1 of 3 defense types (or spread out and tech up a few tiers in each).  I can take these weapons and apply them to ships how I see fit. This gives me the ability to construct a hard hitting and slow megaship and construct tiny fast fighters to protect that megaship. Once 2 opposing fleets engage I can just view the results of the engagement or watch it play out in a nicely done battle viewer. I have no control in the viewer, but I think it is pretty satisfying to watch my fleet work how I intended (or watch horribly as my fragile gunboat charges in because I set it to the wrong behavior).The UI and Empire management has its quirks but works. It is not too hard to find information when I need it, but sometimes I need to go through a few menus before I find it. However there are a lot of options for management. Example: There is a global chart that allows me to choose how all my planets divide their work force. Plus I can set how much production is going to military vs social projects. On a finer level, these same charts and values can be set on a per planet basis. As with most large strategy games, a few hours in and I started to get used to the quirks.Diplomacy feels good. I have not really played around with it that much, so I can't comment on the depth of it. For the most part however the AI tends to make reasonable requests, trades, and agreements.The AI is worthy. It has improved greatly over the past months but still has a few kinks. Most of the time, they seem to make sound decisions when it comes to empire management and warfare. However, some of their actions are questionable. Example: The AI will often send a colony ship into the heart of my cultural influence to establish a colony. Within a few turns that colony has flipped to my empire. With the multiple difficulty levels the AI meets my needs for a challenge."
76561198211963948,Recommended,226860,15693955,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,hollisbishop3,"I have played GC 1 & 2.  GC3 played like the others, with more stuff and better graphics.  Then suddenly the station upgrade screen quit working.  Went to Stardock website to see what the problem was and found nothing.  Expecting to get the run-around like I have recieved from other game companies, unless you give them more money, I posted a bad review.  Suprisingly, Stardock fixed the problem, sent me a message describing what the problem was, and apologized for the inconvience.  Just tried the game and found that it is now performing admirably.  Becouse of this I owe Stardock an apology for my earlier review, and am looking forward to many hours of conquering the universe many times."
76561198042080121,Recommended,226860,23395554,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,The Media LIES!!,The AI is not very challagening after the first race.  I got on resistain after the first race was delt with.The Pacing is extreamly slow.  I was able to take the whole galaxy with the first set of weapons.  It seemes that the Hyper expantionist model wins every time.Every thing else is ok.  The game needs to take more pointers from Master of Orion 3.
76561197971114565,Recommended,226860,19382012,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Darth Pingu,"Absolutely love this game. it is a really hard game to totally master, once you get the hang of it though it can be really satisfying. it isnt for everyone though, so I would watch some footage and decide for yourself!"
76561198012126009,Recommended,226860,19746295,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ShoeThatMissedBush,"I'm not a multiplayer guy. I'm a guy who expects to play in a sandbox, be challenged by competant ai and get the overall ""strategy"" sort of feeling. I tried quite a few different 4X games over the years and only met disappointment with poor ai. Take Endless Legend for example which is akin to the Call of Duty of 4x. Flash, reviews, no substance. The devs had atrocious Ai for more than a year before releasing a single patch for it. You can't work miracles in a single patch and the ai still sucks. All the lore and graphics don't do me any good if I feel alone playing against brain dead ai.Thats where stardock comes in. I respect them for putting in many more updates and tweaks focused on making the ai a damn good opponent. Are there imorovements to be made? No game is perfect obviously. But only in galciv do i get a true feeling of exploration, optimism when i make allies, caution because the ai can kick my butt, dread because an ai stronger than me WILL be a tough fight and finally wonder at amazing choices to be made, planets discovered and galactic events to witness. Will the Dread Lords come back and force me to make peace with my enemies so that we can work together to stop them or die alone? Freaking awesome diplomatic role playing there!In short Galciv 3 should be the main 4x out there on your mind if you like space themed 4x games. I always come back to Stardock in the end because they're committed to making their game better in all the ways that make 4x really worth playing.Disclaimer: Hardcore players, no matter what the game, will never be satisfied. I consider myself an above average to very good strategy player."
76561198010176498,Recommended,226860,19774216,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,dr.weez,"Great game. Have been looking forward to this title for a while. Definitely glad that they took their time with it. There is one problem I have encountered: declaring war on the Krynn has to be done on the map, not in the diplomacy window. If done through diplomacy, the confirmation choices are grayed out and you are unable to back out or proceed forward."
76561198050408276,Recommended,226860,20059124,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,brejonet,Good enough space strategy game.
76561198011141011,Recommended,226860,23504036,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,davidkonie,"If you liked games like Civilization, Masters of Orion, and Sins of a Solar Empire, this just may be a game you would find very entertaining. Overall, there are many things that I really enjoy, losing track of time since the game is turn based.The one thing that I would forewarn, if you don't like doing a lot of strategic thinking (even setting the AI to easy can sometimes result in one race wanting to wipe you out when there are still colonizable planets) then this might not be for you. Combat is about who has the better ships, which you can design, but not control in the active fight. Still, even those are realistic because the larger ships generate more threat, making them the main target you would want to destroy (though sometimes you would rather fight a war of attrition).The  tech tree is very thourough, and with there being different ""ages,"" you must meet a research requirement to be able to get into the more advanced tech. I like this because you can't just focus on one tech tree and ignore the others until you have an awesome amount of research capacity.And lastly, the random maps are very well generated. You can choose the size of the sector and the how often stars, planets, and other space terrain/obstacles are present. Sometimes it can lead to the sector being overcrowded (more often if you use a small or tiny map) but on the large maps it makes it so you have to search a little and really feel as though you are making an empire that spans the stars."
76561197995940698,Recommended,226860,23591497,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Iron Chef Rokusaburo Michiba,"It's a good game with solid mechanics. Only problem is it crashes at least once every hour or two or bugs out to the point where you need to restart. If you can put up with that and like Civ style games; enjoy a space operatic atmosphere with a slower pace, then this game is for you. However, consider waiting until all the bugs are patched because the current state is really choppy."
76561198031958405,Recommended,226860,25673207,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,adinotheeznite2,"Very Slow if played right. The regular game is fun but with lots of weird aspects. For example I noticed early that you can run a fairly substial deficit most of the game. I ignored cash lost hundreds per turn, for about 100 turns I was alwase 10 turns from going broke but I just found enough to keep me going. Setting up a good starbase network around your planets takes forever and gives you such a huge economic advantage, but slows your game to a crawl. I easily spent half my game setting up starbases. The campain is super easy and its more of a tutorial than anything else, just fly towards the end and win."
76561198044548037,Recommended,226860,31886644,Posted: 21 May,all,naw2001,Game is a lot of fun. The new expansin added a lot of new options (especially when it comes to creating my own race of biomechanical monstrosities) that just make the game more fun. After they first few weeks of bug patching the game is now playable and worth the investment for buying the DLC as well. At least that is my opinion.
76561198212596239,Recommended,226860,32098832,Posted: 31 May,all,Draver,"Very good 4x Game. Love the new expansion, Crusade. Must buy for any 4X sci-fi Fan."
76561198023108735,Recommended,226860,32115404,Posted: 1 June,all,Niejeden,"Great 4x game with beautiful graphics and complex, yet easy to learn mechanics. Highly recommended for any turn-based strategies enthusiast."
76561198105748666,Recommended,226860,32537158,Posted: 18 June,all,aalbatros,"I first bought the base game a few weeks before the arrival of  crusade expansion, which i then  bought  .I plan to keep playing the game  and i'm likely to buy the following expansions if there are some."
76561197995401277,Recommended,226860,32119794,Posted: 1 June,all,WarmasteR,Gal Civ 3 is a pretty good game.  The new expansion has altered it enough that the original strategies used need to be reworked to be effective.  I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys 4X games.
76561198032250919,Recommended,226860,32185013,Posted: 4 June,all,i_am_memory,"Excellent 4x space game. Tons of DLC that shows the company continues to support their game several years after the initial release. Each time a new piece of DLC is released I return to the game for many hours, learn the new changes, challenge myself to increasingly difficult games, and have a good time. The latest release, Crusade, needs some fine tuning, but the release itself is incredibly ambitious and entertaining.There are many ways to find an advantage for your fledgling race, which you will need on the most challenging levels. I often find that I have different paths to victory with each game, as I have to balance so much information.I also really like Stardock. They are a transparent company with active forums on which the higher administration often chime in and opine. They also have a strong track record of listening to their players. So while some are complaining about Crusade, I have full confidence that it will be tweaked satisfactorily.For my part, I have zero regrets about purchasing the game and all the DLC. I've certainly received my money's worth."
,Recommended,226860,27356359,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sun Tzu,"Hard game to master if you jump straight into New Game. I reccomend doing the tutorials and campaigns. After my 3rd game getting overrun by the Drengin, this time on easy difficuly, I realized that I need to learn. There's obviously elements that I'm missing.And this game, it has all the elements."
76561198220164181,Recommended,226860,32095624,Posted: 31 May,all,dkferris,"Long time player of GC II and III.  Finally decided I'd write a review.  If you want to spend a LOT of time, this is a great game in terms of $$ / hour of entertainment enjoyed!   I mean that in a positive way.  Open-ended sanbox play, Base game not as much different from GCII as I expected, but with the various DLC, especially the Crusade expansion, it's a great game.A little tedious @ end game (when it's obvious you've won), but that's not uncommon in the 4x games.  BIGGEST COMPLAINT -  needs better customization of keyboard equivalents for those of us using laptops (particularly the main screen zoom in/out)!Playing as different races, trying to keep to their ""ethos"" as a player, adds variety and challenge to the game.  Compared to GCII, the scenarios are kind of weak.  Would like to see better campaign/scenarios."
76561198069226503,Recommended,226860,27378692,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RottenBeard,"Could Use More content and the DLC is A bit expensive and Galactic civ 2 was better from what I remember, but its still Good and you can burn hundreds of hours using the ship creator and trying out some Custom made Races. 7/10 :D"
76561198066755180,Recommended,226860,32095661,Posted: 31 May,all,Maximum Gamer,Crusade is what I expected 2 years ago.
76561198145314788,Recommended,226860,27356887,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NuclearWalrusNetwork,"Pretty much just Civ in space, worth playing if you like the Civ games along with previous Galactic Civilization games."
,Recommended,226860,33406081,Posted: 9 July,all,UKTF AmigaOasis,"Not really played a huge number of these types of games, I was looking for something like Supremacy which I played years ago and this seems to have fitted into the gap.I don't like games that are overly complex or difficult to get into and from what I heard prior to getting this seems this fits the bill.To be honest I found the campaign a little short and was hoping for a number of missions without having to pay for expansion packs (which I tend to get anyway after a lot of play) so that was dissapointing.Graphically it is ok and works, the difficulty level is ok but could be a little more balanced as it seems to leap as you are learning the game, I was also dissapointed that the tech tree dosnt really help or guide you in anyway, I guess that could be a feature for ""casual"" players perhaps as I would not say I am a hardcore player of this genre.That said the tech tree is extensive and there is plenty to research.If you are a casual or experienced player I would think you would find enough in this to enjoy, a lot of it is fairly obvious and easy to do but there are certain areas that could do with a bit of guidance (such as the trading) that I simply did not find that obvious at first.Perhaps a little more interactive help would be welcome for future.Otherwise as a casual player I did find this pretty enjoyable and have managed to whittle away many hours."
76561198031897522,Recommended,226860,32343306,Posted: 11 June,all,Tickdoff,"Deliciously complex.  Each play through trult feels like a different experience.  This game has a lot of moving parts, the adjustment of even a small one may have some big impact.  Just the way I like it."
76561198039387618,Recommended,226860,32330224,Posted: 10 June,all,asebia42,"I'm not really a gamer. However, I enjoy a game with a wide variety of complications to keep me entertained. The complications can't become tedious, so it's a tricky balance. I continue to enjoy this game and I'm still trying to figure out toptimal lines of play."
76561198005063708,Recommended,226860,32354443,Posted: 11 June,all,tomotl,"I have all of the DLCs, it is a fun game with a lot of different campaigns and ways to play. I enjoy the civilization feel, but the new setting. I am a big fan of this game, have beat two campaigns and working on more."
76561198150442597,Recommended,226860,33175851,Posted: 3 July,all,maprookie,"Ok, this game is ok, the clips you see, the fancy ones, I got the iimpression they would be a more integrel part, but they are not really, but its early days yet. I have been enjoying it, though the learning curve is a bit odd, I mean there isnt a tutorial where it shows you exactly where and what to do and how... Well again early days. you dont really get to see your ship up close when its in combat, ok maybe I havent found out how yet.. Apart from that the game is fine."
76561198036809966,Not Recommended,226860,25447587,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,noappend,"I don't think the base game is bad necessarily, although it doesn't exactly tell you what you can do to succeed...even in the tutorial...There's a severe lack of help, but sometimes that's not really a bad thing. I think it hurts in this particular case, just because I want to be able to succeed without having to click every object I see just to make sure I continue to build an economy, but hey, maybe that was designed to be tricky. Maybe that's all part of the challenge in the game.The biggest problem I have with this is when I look and see 10 DLCs released already and read that the creators plan to work to add more DLCs and expansions for the next 7 years I get a little bit disheartened in the state of the gaming industry.To me this makes a game like this not recommended. Video games, to me, should be released at least somewhat completely... I understand some expansion packs if the content isn't required for the base game. If I only want to buy it because I've explored enough of the base content and feel I could use a little extra challenge, or aspect to keep me playing, I think I'm okay with expansions... but this is getting insane. This game was tailored to have extra content thrown at us periodically.I don't even really want to say it's not a complete game, I haven't really played enough to judge that to be honest... I just instantly get a sense that I don't want to continue playing just to be coerced in the middle of a game to pay for extra content. Certain races are shown that are only accessible through DLC content, when you try to use them it tries to convince you to pay for DLC content. For this...I can't recommend the game. It just doesn't work as a gaming model for me personally."
76561198007366220,Recommended,226860,15807579,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,amdconfed,"Been here a couple of months now playing this game. This has become my favorite game, alot of good stuff here."
76561198005553406,Recommended,226860,15816412,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Code Red,I have been playing 4x space games since Masters of Orion and have played most of them.  GC 2 was great and GC3 is better. I have been playing it in early access and its been fun seeing it get better and better. Its about to go gold and the latest build is very polished. There may be more complex games out there but for me none of them are as plain fun  as GC3. I will be dumping many hours into it.
,Recommended,226860,15818220,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,mthewr,I loved GC2 and seemed to wait forever for a more modern entry into the series. As such it was a no brainer to get in on the alpha.It's been fun to see the game come into its own and fill out into a proper addition to the series.  The last few beta's have really been pleasure to play and I can't wait to see the finished product.  Nor can I wait to see what the community creates with Steam integration.A must have for 4X fans.
,Recommended,226860,15816310,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Hypelios,"Its Gal Civ II but better.  You can design some truly amazing ships, or use the premade ones.   The ideology tree really makes this sequal so much better.  Not only do you have your race and its abilties and tech trees, you can play your race in 3 different ideologys that provide new bonus, or a combination of all 3 ideologys.  Are you a peaceful empire, are you a nuteral 3rd party, or the evil badass... its up to you."
76561198066628631,Recommended,226860,17002665,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,mr6,"solid enough. room for improvment . As with all 3 GC's, I wish a lot more time was put into campaign"
76561197996254703,Recommended,226860,17002282,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,bytezilla,I have mostly favorable thoughts about Galactic Civilizations III. I like the customizable ships and races. The in-game events that shape the theology of your race make each game feel different.I find the interaction with other races confusing. The interface screen only shows an avatar of the race. I sometimes can't tell which race I'm talking to. The screen doesn't show the name of the race or any current or past agreements we've had together. Usually after loading a game that I played a few days ago I have no idea what is going on when I start the game.
76561198011760211,Recommended,226860,12110329,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Nightstalker,"I would recommend this game when it is finish, so better off wait til December before buying this. The game is good though and playable."
76561198041298655,Recommended,226860,12103172,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,martd78,"Almost passed on this one cause of the bad reviews...I guess they did a patch since those reviews or something cause de game run very smoothly on my system no crash or bugs breaking the game yet (Played only for 5 hours straitgh) not even some weird lag I'm used to in early acces, but yeah there's some feature missing in there...  no big deal it's all well explain what you buy and what you will get on release..People should have a little faith I think... you played the 2nd Galatic civilization????   Probably my favorites strat game of all RTS genre of all time, They did a so wonderfull job on GC2 I'm not even a tiny bit scared of backing the magnificent game that Galactic civilizations 3 will soon be...You liked the galactic civ 2?-This one has next gen graphics far better-Ships are far more costumizable (lots lots more)-Research has been pimped out a lot it's no more a big mess of confusing tree branch all over-MULTIPLAYER !! (Hell yeah!)-UI more friendly and easy to grasp-Great in game music that fits the conceptAnd for all the feature not in game yet well there is only one I really really need its the cinematic battle viewer in 3d, so awesome^^, ok kinda need the diplomatic one too but coming soon they said october so..  until then, CONQUEST!OH and also thanks to the dev making that game! feels like playing sin's of a solar empire, Civilization V and gratuitous space battle in one combo too ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!Keep the faith!"
76561198162450497,Recommended,226860,15340375,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,calecw,"I acquired a copy of Galactic Civ II Dread Lords several years ago and it has remained one of my favorite civ building stategy games ever since.  So when I opened Steam and saw a news post about the Galactic Civ III Beta I did not hesitate.  And I don't regret it.  It has everything I love about Dread Lords, but enhanced and improved.  My only complaint is that it's still a Beta and not everything is unlocked yet (A complete Ship Editor I'm looking at you!) and it seems every patch adds a new problem.  But as I said it's a Beta, so those issues should clear up once the full game comes out. 10/10 would be conquered by the Drengin again."
76561198079013011,Not Recommended,226860,17214113,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,PleaseDontRageQuitOnMe,"I wanted to like this game, but after playing for a while, I would join the chorus of others who are not as satisfied. Here are my main gripes:1. AI is really bad, even on the highest difficulties. If you resign the game every few turns, just to check what are the top techs the AI was working on, EVERY RACE is focusing on weapons. It's ridiculous. Why wouldn't they invest in techs that would improve their research? I guess the cybernetic race occasionally focuses on techs that increase the population, but that's about it. You can gain a huge technological edge and crush them in the mid to late game.2. They get upset at you pretty soon, so good luck trying to win a diplomacy victory.3. They ignore culture and focus on mining and economy starbases4. Diplomacy is too simplistic5. No tactical combat6. Too much micromanagement - of planets, of starbase building. Here is an example of something annoying: they added a way for your starbase to request a constructor. But when you send a constructor to it, the ""requested constructors"" count stays the same. With huge galaxies, it's a nightmare7. Some starting capabilities are too powerful - for example the one that removes the large empire penalty8. Accumulation of the ideology, or whatever the name of it was, points is too slowUnless they fix all those issues, stick to Master of Orion."
76561198036341872,Recommended,226860,15471628,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Jdubs,"Started a game at 9PM, five minutes later I went to bed at 3AM.  9/10 Would distort time again."
76561198033387908,Recommended,226860,15317604,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,frontlinefallguy,"This has all the elements of a Great 4X game. Fast natural turn-based stratedgy. Easy to use interface, even in beta. Nice production style. Good work developers"
,Recommended,226860,15417126,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Whitewood,"Game seems really interesting, fun to play, havent fully got it.Critical issue with me is, the game freezes up and crashes for me around 100 turns, every single time.Despite this, there are other little bugs and glitches with the UI , text and UP content.I recommend waiting till the game is out of Beta to avoid any unpleasant experiences."
76561198007475829,Recommended,226860,15434766,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Shas el,"This game is highly recommended for fans of turn based games.  Devs are up to 5.3 beta and it is a  vast improvement over the earlier betas.  The game is really coming together.  I love the ship designer, you can build and design your ships and each role they will play in your fleet.   This is a deep game with too many feature to list.  I absolutely love the carriers."
76561198025873573,Recommended,226860,17998331,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ltcwdc,"I recommend this game to anyone interested in turned based strategy (4x) games.Pros:Massive scale of the gameMeasurable effects of choicesAbility to customize ships for specific missionsBig advantages to be gained in trade and diplomacyVery customizable game setupCons:Due to depiction of the galaxy the graphics are superfluous; I find myself adjusting the scale so that I see the galaxy in its symbolic representation almost exclusively.Restrictions on building placement on your planets and locations of star bases and shipyards seem contrived; the restrictions make the game choices interesting, but the reasoning for the restrictions is weak.The colony page needs a galaxy map so you can make construction choices with an awareness of where the planet is in your empire."
76561198057343686,Recommended,226860,17746555,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Nameless,"If you are looking for a TL:DR review, this is not it.This is the good, the bad, and the ugly.The GoodGraphics - The Graphics of this game are 10x better than those of GalCiv 2.  I am rather impressed by the communications screens between races as those you are speaking to look much more like a true, living thing looking back at you.  The improved graphics also includes the cut-scenes, and fleet warfare.  An all-round improvement.Ship Design - Much more comprehensive than before, and it seems to me more meaningful.  If you enjoy tweaking your ship designs as I do you'll spend a crap ton of time doing that and feeling that the effort has been rewarded.Technology - The Technology Trees have been redesigned and make more sense now.  Tech is divided into 3 (really 4) ages.  Certain techs can only be researched if you have reached the minimum age.  So no more having Nightmare Torpedoes before your society can even build a life-support system.  This makes perfect sense to me.  Now every technology you research counts toward elevating the age of your society.  At 180 techs you can push for things such as research victory, and the ability to duplicate precursor-level technology which will make your ships...well woe to the poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who have to fight them.Enemy Surrender - When an opponent surrenders to you now, you don't just get his planets you get everything he has left.  Any remaining ships, starbases...everything.  This can often make it worthwhile to beat an enemy into submission rather than just conqueror every world he has outright, and also saves you the trouble of fighting a new armada of pirates as in previous games.  The AI will no longer surrender to an uninvolved 3rd party just to spite you.  (But if your opponent is at war with more civs than just your own, there is still a risk the surrender will be given to one of them instead of you.)ADDENDUM - After writing this review I did have an enemy Civ surrender to an uninvolved 3rd party, but I am unsure of the nature of the relationship between the two.  In any case it has only happened to me once in 100 hours of gameplay, versus every damn time in the previous game.ADDENDUM II - From what I can tell, the risk of 3rd Party surrender exists if the two parties have a friendly or alliance relationship with each other.  While it makes sense, it is still profoundly frustrating, and and really feels that it cheapens your victory.Diplomacy - Is more comprehensive, I actually have races try to pay me to attack those they don't like now.  That never happened to me in previous games.The BadSome features have been removed that I am not happy about.  There is no longer an auto-kill command that you can issue a ship or fleet.  Every attack action for every ship/fleet must be manually given by you.  If you like to play on larger maps as I do this can become a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and make each turn take a very long time simply because of how many enemies are on the map.  It is especially bothersome if you have an enormous tech advantage over your foe.  You feel like you've walked into a swarm of gnats and are having to individually slap each one of them.It is much harder to negotiate favorable surrender terms.  Most of the time when I offer to let an opponent surrender, he won't take the offer no matter how badly I out-match him.  Meanwhile when he contacts me begging to surrender I have only the option to accept or reject, no option to force him to cough up some reparations for peace.The UglyNo Super Weapons - No Terror Stars, and no planet killers....at least one of the two should be present in a game like this.The Ship DesignerYes I know I already lauded this in the positive points, however I do have one big gripe.  By the end game, you are still reduced to building glass-cannon ships with all offense, and no defense.  That is a dynamic I wish had changed, but which sadly has not.There are some serious cases of Artificial Stupidity here.  I can be so technologically advanced that the rest of the races are bacteria by comparison, have a fleet three times the power of all opponents combined, and STILL have both major and MINOR races ring me up and demand tribute.....I'm going to call this a bug since it is a pretty big damn oversight otherwise.The galactic resources such as antimatter, elerium, etc can make a huge difference due to what they will allow you to build.  Problem is its possible to have a map spawn that lacks one or more of these resources entirely!  I'm guessing this is a bug as well, but I cannot say for certain.The Campaign Mode - Stardock couldn't even spring for some no-name voice actors to spice things up a bit.  Meanwhile your reward cinematic for beating the campaign is all of 15 seconds and has no dialogue.  Granted I certainly didnt buy this game for the campiagn so this is a minor issue to me.The AI's awareness alternates between brilliant and stupid.  If you have a ship trespassing in another civ's territory, they'll actually deploy ships to keep an eye on yours which I thought was great.  But then I noticed that I was able to build an enormous armada right on another nation's border (which I did in fact use to invade him) and that nation never said a thing.  (In GalCiv 2 on any difficulty above normal the AI would see that and preemptively declare war on you.)  They will still declare war on you if you move a huge assault fleet through their territory.I am not really sure if the AI is no longer capable of realizing a huge armada massing on their borders is bad news, or if this behavior was intentionally pruned.  (I did have civs declare war on me in previous games, when the armada I was building was actually meant for an adjacent 3rd party).  In some ways its an improvement over GalCiv2, other ways its not.  In any case its easier to prepare to invade a neighbor than it was, but he WILL declare war on you as soon as you bring planetary assault ships into his territory.An annoyance - other powers become agitated if you have ships in their territory, and it will harm your diplomatic standing with them unless you negotiate an ""Open-Borders"" treaty.  The AI however has no problem whatsoever happily flouting your territory with its own ships.  It will even occasionally mock you over it, sending you messages about how you should negotiate an OB-Treaty since they obviously don't respect your borders anyway.Carriers are SEVERELY bugged.  While they spice up fleet warfare and can add some punch to a fleet, the game doesn't know how to treat them.  More than once I have watched the fleet battle and seen my carriers curb-stomp enemy ships....only for the carriers to then lose and be destroyed in the quickbattle that follows the full battle....WTF.  Does not seem to be a problem if carriers are not operating alone, without the escort of non-carrier ships.There are some open questions about the live-action fleet battles.  More than once (fairly often in fact) ships will continue fighting after reaching 0hp.  I've never seen it make the difference as to who wins, but it leaves me wondering if this behavior is allowed in order to draw out the action for a better showing to the player...or if its a bug that allows what should be a dead ship to continue fighting and inflicting casualties after its been destroyed.  I don't know but it needs to be addressed.I would say that whoever was in charge of proof-reading deserves to be fired, but that would imply there was a person tasked with that responsibility, and I'm just not convinced that's the case.Overall I give this game an 7/10I would have given it an 8 if it still had autokill, but the lack thereof again really ratches up the tedium on large maps.The game definitely left without the final spit and polish, but its still fun so I would recommend it."
76561198006752993,Recommended,226860,15809176,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,RyzorElite,If you like huge 4x games this is for you! Im loving it!
,Recommended,226860,15501632,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Dogmaticus,"Galactic Civilizations II was a game I simply had to buy... it wasn't available in my country, so I bought it online in US (I live in Poland), and had it shipped (back in those days digital downloads were not very popular yet). From the first moment I opened the beautiful, silver box - I was in love. Then at some point I downloaded an amazing Mod that had Star Trek and Star Wars factions, and the game became even more stunning. For the first time since Master of Orion - I found my galactic home.I was very eager to start playing GalCiv 3. I've tried many space 4x games, and some of them were fun, but THE game that I was waiting for was Galactic Civilizations 3.We are less then a month from the release, and this is already a jewel. The devs listened to the community, put lots of work and love into the game, and I believe we have what we were waiting for.This game gives us great customization options on so many steps. Creating a custom race lets us work with even color schemes for the starships. And the starships are the greatest strength and customization opportunity GalCiv 3 offers. As you can see in the community creations the possibilities are endless.I already love the game, but feel that there is a lot more that I can, and should explore. Until now I can absolutely recommend it. As I will play and learn more - I will update my humble review :).EDIT:I created my own factions from Star Trek... Klingons keep attacking me all the time... which is fun... Cardassians also seem keen on waging war... but Earth still prevails, and strengthens the Alliance with the Ferengi.I love this game! :)"
76561197994405952,Recommended,226860,15503949,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,SenatorKelley,"Galactic Civilizations III, is the obvious 3rd installment of the series. I never played GalCiv 1, however I logged hundreds of hours in GalCiv2, especially with the mods it accumulated throughout the years. GalCiv3 is very close to being released in May 2015 so I feel it’s at a point it deserves a proper review. I’ve been playing this early access since day 1 and really haven’t started to enjoy it until recently.  Although it was extremely fun to be a part of the development with StarDock within the Twitch Live streams, and the forums, this game really wasn’t fun to play throughout its development cycle until recently.Galciv3 feels a lot like a GalCiv 2.5 HD version, besides going 64bit (which I praise) it really doesn’t try to do anything new or innovative like its predecessor did for a 4X game. I feel StarDock is really trying to just play it safe with the (if it isn’t broken don’t fix it) approach. There’s still several things that bug me, and these are just the major Issues I have with the game:First off the ship designer is something we’d expect since GalCiv2 had a simple and yet enjoyable designer. However this one is a lot more complicated. I usually start trying to design a familiar ship model from Star Wars or Star Trek and it always ends up being something completely different due to the complexity and limitations of working with 3d models. I really wanted to try to build an X-wing or a star destroyer but get frustrated. That said some might not see this as an issue and makes ships look unique. However after spending about 30mins trying to build a ship that meets my requirements and only having a couple turns in the game, I end up just using the stock ships and play the game never returning to the builder.The other thing that disappoints me is the planet view. This really has not changed from GalCiv2, it’s almost a direct clone of its predecessor, besides an animated spinning planet on the edge of the screen which looks nice, but serves no purpose and doesn’t change based on events. The Planet view is flat and the building aspect is just a 2d tile of buildings (think SimCity 1). I voiced my concern on the forums and in the live dev streams about this dated look and really hoped it was just a stand in until it was polished, but it hasn’t really changed since it’s alpha stage. I was really looking forward to a modern equivalent with an Isometric 3d point of view where you can spin the map and see many animations and vehicles and people moving and be dynamic based on the happiness/war/events of the galaxy and you culture, sadly this never evolved from GalCiv2. Also when you click on a planet to research an upgrade which doesn’t require a building it moves the selected tile to the next one leaving it blank, making this experience feel broken and confusing.The last negative issue I have encountered is the ship technology upgrade management. Once you build a stock or custom ship and add new technology which you unlocked from researching it and send it out into space, you’ll have a difficult time upgrading it with newer tech especially in mid and end game when you have dozens of ships all over the map. There’s no real easy way to see which ships have the latest technology that you recently unlocked, and it could get very tedious with having a MK 2, 8, 14, 23, 32 version of the same ship with each having just one tech module updated.I will close with the positives. You can tell the game was designed with passion and love which most games lack these days, the amount of detail from the graphics, cut scenes, gameplay, and features makes this game stand out from the typical cash grabber games like EA produces.  This aspect weighs very heavy on my review more so than any of the negatives I mentioned above.  I’ve yet to really feel full immersion in this game like I did in GalCiv2 but I’m hoping it’s because the game isn’t completed yet.Should you buy this game? If you played previous GalCiv’s yes I’d recommend it. If you never played either but understand what a 4X strategy game is I recommend it as well. This is a turn based game which somewhat mimics a board game, it’s not real time so some users might be disappointed. You can’t control ships in the battle viewer or the invade screens because it’s simply not that type of game, which is fine.+polished UI, entire game is made with passion+64bit utilizes your PC’s maximum potential giving you very large maps and fleets+Graphics and lighting look great and very modern+Balance and AI is good not great-Ship designer can get aggravating-Planet view hasn’t been changed since GalCiv2-Upgrading ships in space is hard to manage resulting in a lot of versions of the same shipAs of right now 4/23/2015 I’ll give the game a 7.8/10"
,Recommended,226860,15549536,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Elder Nero,"I don't generally write reviews, but I thought that Galactic Civilizations III deserved one.While the game is a considerable amount of fun, there are certain downsides to it. For instance, the ideology system is vary poorly balanced. To have every planet and station within your sphere of influence automatically switch over to your side, is very heavily over-powered. It took me no longer than twenty minutes on my last run through to control almost 100% of the map. And throughout the whole time, I did not so much as even build an additional scout ship (beyond what you start off with of course). Secondly, there are bugs. But this is early access after all. So if you're willing to buy, than you need to take that into consideration. In my case, I have an issue with the diplomacy menu where the music decides to cut out and menu refuses to move. Lastly, the AI still seems to have an edge over the player. For whatever reason the AI colonizes every planet within reach in a rather insane amount of time. No matter how much I would spend on production I could not get my population to expand fast enough to start a reasonable colony.Now I should mention the positives. First and foremost, the graphics are remarkable. At full settings the game is beautiful. The video game score is also top notch. Ship customization is also a great tool to tailor the game more to your liking. And with the developers working actively on Galactic Civilzations, it is my hope that the negatives I mention get fixed. Nonetheless, I will still play the series as I am a rather huge Gal Civ fan. So I recommend this game to anyone whose willing to overlook the minor inconveniences, and just have some sort of fun."
,Recommended,226860,15253240,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Herger Joyous,I'm giving this a positive review so far it's a lot like a reskin of Gal Civ II.
,Recommended,226860,15259478,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Kamansky,"Pretty good, nice to have a new 4x to play"
76561198032112215,Recommended,226860,15298690,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,freelotto123free,"A very enjoyable addition to the series, my favorite so far! I will say that at present, games with medium maps or larger get buggy midway through and tend to crash, best off playing smaller games. However, one thing that needs to be tweaked is culture... When you consider all the tech you have to develop to invade your neighbors, it makes little sense to go through all that work when you can just build three or four cultural centers clustered together and be quite confident that you'll be culture flipping planets left and right once the game hits the midway point! Honestly, I spend half the game giving leaders back their planets in small map games, whereas the game tends to crash in larger ones.- That one criticism aside, it is wonderful how far you can lose yourself in the tech tree, and finding the home planets of your competitors and setting up starbases to increase your range for profitable trade routes can be an adventure in and of itself! - Definitely recommend, but it is a work in progress still!"
76561198066147971,Recommended,226860,15313568,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Namick,"Also i played GC2 before alot, and when i saw that you can animate things in this one I was like sweet, because my favorite part was making my own races and ships, and this one you get to customize your race even more, this has the feel of Civ5 and Space empires V, But like 50 times better.Thanks for adding a race and ship uploader.8/4/15BUGS:Suggetions:"
76561197997027217,Recommended,226860,15889086,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,adf,"Game is fun and addictive (keeps me up playing entirely too long!), but seems to be rather buggy and not very well optimized for smooth performance - i.e.:  loads VERY slowly, and has fits of momentary lock-ups during game play - normally after the A.I. has moved and I'm starting a new turn.Other than that, it's fun.  Doubt I'll play much after finishing my first play through though, as the whole ""just one more turn"" simply consumes too much of my life, resulting in a lack of sleep!"
76561197973226744,Recommended,226860,15890604,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Mittens,"Hey kids.I played Galactic Civilzations II quiet a bit.It was pretty good, very good really.This game is...interesting.Its very close in play to GCII, but with much updated graphics.The good is that its pretty, and seems to run very well.The bad is that not much has changed, and it lacks a lot of stuff GCII had, which makes me think stardock plans to sell parts of the game to us piecemeal.Which is unfortunate.But the skinny is, for me, that the game is fun. Only had it a few days and already logged a bunch of hours. Will probably log a lot more.So do I reccomend it? Yes, with the note that you will likely end up paying more to play the whole game through DLC"
76561198046181524,Recommended,226860,15890789,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,WyvernZed,"Can't stop, send help."
76561198066814556,Recommended,226860,15343127,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Ochief,new patch has caused every clickable option to be blank. you can still click but you have know clue what u are clicking? anybody else???
,Recommended,226860,31463552,Posted: 30 April,all,Pestilence,"I would to start off by saying that i never played GC1 or 2 so, i'm going in without bias.This is Civ 5 in space, it seems, and i thoroughly enjoy it.The graphics are solid and gameplay strategy is deep.Replayability suffers a little in my opinon due to Tech Tree limitations.Ship designing is fun and extremely customizable.I recommend it but, with a forewarning.It's reminscent of Civ 2 in the fact that CURRENCY IS KING.With large stock piles of money you don't really need to invest in research as you can buy all the techs/ships/buildings you want.Perfect gamepath (imo, of course);Start with trade research/diplomacyBuild as many trade vessels as you have trade licenses (route distance is key)Get richChange focus to pure researchUse your seemingly limitless funds to construct a massive fleetWin."
,Recommended,226860,32571762,Posted: 19 June,all,Questionable,"This is a great and worthwhile game. $30 is a fair price in terms of hours of play you can get out of this, but if you can get it on sale, you'll feel really good about your purchase.The engine is very similar to Civ or Alpha Centauri, hexagonal turn-based layout. But the balance and diplomacy are better. Paradox are definitely pros at creating overall strategy engines that are fun and challenging. If you're played Warlock II (Paradox's fantasy/sorcery Civ ripoff), this game has a lot more to offer. The specialties of the different civilizations were cool (create own species or download mods galore), the different ship specifications, space stations, types of victory etc.The way you set up campaigns is important to achieving a fun & balanced game. You can customize the rules in detail, and choose the right balance of enemies and minor civilizations (which cannot expand beyond their home planets). Paradox is kinda the master of diplomacy systems, making alliances often very important, and the game difficult even when you're winning.I don't think I had a ""I've never seen a game do this before!"" moment while playing this game. But I sunk easily 80+ hours into playing it on different settings and against different enemies, so I'd strongly recommend it."
76561198001861586,Recommended,226860,33350180,Posted: 7 July,all,Jon Bon,"This is an excellent strategy game. I couldn't be more happy with this game.Its custom ship building combined with technology specialization allows for some highly customized gameplay, which lends well to creating a varied experience for strategy gaming.If you've played Galactic Civilization 2 and wished it was 2 players, this is definitely not a let down. If you were/are a fan of Sid Meier's Civilization, this game is very much in the same vein. The moral choices, and custom race creation allow for some excellent flavor for the world.Combat is much like combat in Sid Meier's Civilization, a victory is 'randomly generated' based on the stats of the ships/fleet participating in battle. Basically its an odds based system, stacking high damage and defense can guarantee victories. However the game has 3 types of offense and corresponding defense which allows specifically tuned ships to beat much stronger ships simply by focusing the correct defenses/offenses on ships/fleets.Building your ships is limited to their 'capacity', with each piece be it a; defensive/offensive, propulsion, life support system, etc, taking a piece of that capacity. The more complex a ship, the higher the maintenance and manufacturing cost. Customizing ships and controlling your money, influence (culture), and research generation is where your typical 'meta gameplay' techniques come-in, like any strategy game.Like any complex game you might get the odd freeze/crash etc, so remember to save. Other than that it's pretty bug free and game design flaw free.EDITED: For comprehension, and lack of content."
76561198021269012,Recommended,226860,23716230,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,nyxon,"As a big fan of the Civiliztion franchise, Sins and others I'm not surprised I love this game.  There is plenty of variation (Culture, Tech and social) in the races for hours upon hours of entertainment.  And if there isn't you can build your own race and design your own ships.   The Tech Trees go deep and offer a huge assortment of paths to win.    You can either micro-manage or set up your colonys/stations to self govern.If you are a fan of turn based 4x strat games and like space this is the game for you."
76561197987372277,Recommended,226860,32698602,Posted: 23 June,all,MaskedMudpuppy,I love this game and both expansions so far! The latest 2.5 patch has made my favorite way to play aka influence victories useful again and I can't wait to see what else they will add to the game in the future :>
76561197961213679,Recommended,226860,33204097,Posted: 3 July,all,Owanan,"Long time stardock fan.  Avoided this game after the horrible reviews.  Finally caved and bought it on sale with the Crusades expansion.  It's a great game now, worthy of being a successor to galciv2."
76561198073626117,Recommended,226860,32668728,Posted: 23 June,all,Andi422,"Camparison between GalCiv 3 Crusade and Endless Space 2Crusade Pros- Better AI (best 4X AI on the market imo)- Gigantic galaxies possible- More ""decisions that matter"" due to better balance + focus on scarce ressources- better performance- less buggy- feels more ""sandboxy""Crusade Cons- Worse UI, less information- Graphics and general presentation are worse- Less interesting universe/ story elements- feels more ""sandboxy""- worse combat systemI love both. For me however, Crusade is the best 4X out there at the moment. It really depends on your preferences. Crusade feels more classical (like Civilization 2-4) and has a sandboxy vibe to it."
,Not Recommended,226860,18099955,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,mdufek.660,"****ORIGINAL REVIEW FROM SEP 2015****So here is  review from someone who has passionately played the gal civ series for a while. TLDR; I'd recommend if you are a serious fan of 4x space games or a gal civ fan, but not for most people (yet)So what are the positives?++The game has far finer control for making custom races+The ship creator is much more detailed+++The mechanic of ships having roles is actually pretty interesting (if a bit weird to figure out at first)+++The addition of space resources to harvest for powerful buildings and ship weaponry and fleet boosting modules is pretty awesome and can really change the way the game plays out++The wide number of tech trees makes custom races feel more unique, and each race feels more unique for the tech trees+Space combat is pretty interesting both due to a large number of support modules and ship roles.+The new space ports (which i hated at first) have grown on me. Now you can build big vessels by focusing five worlds together, which means that those massive vessels late game won't take 150 turns to build.+More support buildings make it easier to specialize worlds and create more powerful empires earlier on.+++The new morality system is much more rewarding than the old system, as it grants you bonuses in every alignment based on how many points you spend in each area. It really makes your empire feel like the sum of its choices instead of just paying money to change alignment.Now for the negatives---Planetary invasions are as dull as dishwater. There are no battle scenes, rather you just look at the planet to find out your odds. This needs MASSIVE support to fix.---Still no customization of invasion forces. I would love to see it set up so you could choose how you want your invasion forces to look (even something simple like 30% infantry, 25% Heavy vehicles, 15% anti air, 30% air support would be a nice improvement in my opinion).---Diplomacy is god awful in this game. No matter how close you are to a race, if they are stronger than you, they will attack you. It doesn't matter how many fleets you destroy with your super vessel, as long as their combined stats are higher than yours, then they don't care. I built, for example, a ship with over 400 stats in every offensive and defensive role, and could wipe out entire enemy fleets with every turn using that ship. I was destroying them as quickly as they could spam them, however, so the AI never let me sue for peace. Pretty broken mechanic imo.--I wish you had the option that no player can build anything in another's ZOC. It really ticks me off that the AI keeps building starbases in my territory, then I have to either bribe them to give it to me, go to war with them, or accept that I can't have those resources, which really sucks.--The campaign seems like a boring tutorial more than the in-depth fun storylines they used to be.So overall do I recommend this game? Yes, I do. If you are a fan of stardock, gal civ, or are a huge fan of space 4x games. But unless you fall into one of those categories, I would recommend you try out Gal Civ 2 first, and wait for more support on this game. The good news is they plan on supporting Gal Civ 3 for a long time, so I am sure these issues will be addressed.****UPDATE FEB 2016****Now I left the original review up there for a reason. I want to show the known issues of the time versus the new ones. So it has been several months, and I have to say I am borderline upset at how little progress has been made with core components of the game that I would think would be high priority. But first, some new complaints altogether:---They removed the better ability to control a planet's output. When I wrote my original review, they had a system where there was essentially a production wheel, almost like a color wheel in MS paint, and you could choose exactly where to put production. So maybe planet A was 26% production, 32% research, and 42% economy, while planet B could be 48% production, 48% research, 4% economy. They have since REMOVED that feature, and gone back to civ 2's mechanic of choosing where to focus, but with no fine control. This deserves a special mention since they actually removed a fantastic upgrade, all in the name of ""simplifying"" the game. There is, to my knowledge, no way to re-enable it.--- You can not adjust the freaking sound sliders mid game without restarting the game. Seriously? It may have been there before, but I never noticed it until now. How can a game made by a reputable company have this kind of issue?Now, the other reasons I am upset with stardock:5+ months later, military invasions are still just ""look at the odds and decide if you want  to attack or not"". This is a massive DOWNGRADE from the previous entry in the series, and the fact that they have still not addressed it shows a lack of any interest to fix it anytime soon, despite how lack-luster it is.Diplomacy is still identical. Any race you encounter will attack you if you are considered weaker than you, regardless of who they are. This means that relatively peaceful races in the game, including the religious ones, will just outright attack you for being weaker.This just seems so wrong. Other than that, there is no change from Gal Civ 2, so there is not much else to say, outside of it is disappointing.The AI will still build bases in your territory, with not even a toggleable option to change their ability to do it. See my above review to get the general idea.The AIs also still just build into massive debt. They just keep producing units, and go quickly bankrupt. Imagine if america suddenly multiplied their military budget by a 1000 fold, and you get the idea of what they do. But of course, these are usually weaker units, and your ships can ususally take them out by the fleet later on. This means that you get stuck in wars that go no-where, as they just spam to keep their numbers up, while you destroy as quickly as you can, making little progress. Since you can only dent their fleets temporarily, you will find it hard getting peace treaties if they get too large, just because tanking their military rating will be so hard.And of course, we have to talk about the DLC. They have all these issues, but they keep releasing more DLC. in the five months between my original review and the current one, they released two new DLCs, but so many big issues that I have outlined multiple times (both in this review and in comments made to the devs in discussion boards) seem to go unnoticed/ unresolved. I did not expect this from Stardock, and I am thoroughly disgusted by it.So overall, I am changing my review to no, not recommended, unless you are a massive stardock fan, and the issues above do not bother you. The game seems to be making no real progress, unless you want to buy DLC, and that seems to be their focus. The military is bland when it comes to ground forces, and the diplomacy is down-right attrocious. I was willing to overlook those issues in my old review because I had seen the game making positive gains, and I did make sure to note that there was still a lot of work to be done. But now that the game seems to have stalled on progress for DLCs and other cash grabs, I can not recommend this game. If they start making good changes and fix the bigger issues I have mentioned, then I will revisit my review and will give them credit. Until then, however, you have lost a customer here Stardock. Sorry."
76561198015907664,Recommended,226860,16452723,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Baalzebul,"So, I am not sure why my last review isn't on Steam now... did I say something wrong?EDIT (300+ Hours of Play):WOW!You know a game has you in its grips when you start scheduling your life around your game time!I have now been completely sucked into GC3.  I knew this game was pretty solid when I first started playing it, but now that I've had some serious time to play it and actually figure out what I'm doing (mostly), I just have to say that this is what a 4x game should be.  A game that makes me say ""Just one more turn!""   Just one more custom race tweak.  Just one more try at a new build strategy. (etc.)I have not been this addicted to a game since probably World of Warcraft (even though they are in two completely different genres), and I really have to give credit to Stardock for doing a great job at making a game that is infuriatingly addictive,has literally has kept me up until dawn the next day, bloodshot eyes and a sore mouse-hand.I think that Stardock has found a happy balance between being so simple of a game as to be boring vs. being so deep that you need a 100 page manual just to understand the game.  It's really easy to get into GC3, but once you play through a few games (400+ turns) on insane szed maps, you really get a feel for how this all works, and the game design is brilliant.  The sheer number of potential win strategies on display is staggering.  There is no ""best"" tech tree utilization.  Every decision has pros and cons and there is both short term and long term strategies that need to be mapped out.  Between the map design, your race (custom or not) along with planet management and tech research, there are potentially billions of ways to attack this game.Personally, I play my games with ""Conquest"" or ""Alliance"" as the win strategies just so some race doesn't outbuild me and ascend to a different dimension while I'm stilll building capital ships to wipe them out.The planetary map mini-game is really the stroke of genius to me.  SO much of your empire's success hinges on good planet management, and good planet management means paying attention to every detail, coming up with a solid build stretegy, having the right tech trees unlocked and then being able to switch gears on the fly.  What you build, where you build it and when you build it can mean the difference between rolling over your enemies like a steam roller, or getting your butt kicked before round 200.  The interplay between your research within the tech trees, your planet management and shipyard management are really where this game happens.  (I haven't even begun to use the custom ship editor!!!).  The planet mangement aspect of the game is very simple to get into, but this part of the game gets more and more complex as time goes on.I haven't even begun to be an expert in this game even with 300+ hours under my belt.  I see MUCH replay ahead!One last note:  The game has only crashed once on me in 300+ hours.  THANK YOU STARDOCK!------ORIGINAL REVIEW:Anyway, I just wanted to provide an update to my previous review of GC3, and raise my score for this game from an 8.8 out of 10 to a solid 9.5 out of 10.  (The .5 left over is really just bug fixes, but I have found the game incredibly stable at this point).GC3 is a game modder's DREAM!I just started poking around the various game directories last night, and you really can customize the crap out this game.  Not only can you load in your own icons and photographs and backgrounds and videos for the races, but you can also use the ship designer todesign your own star fleets AND you can replace most of the game UI graphics AND they have included the ability to create ""total conversion"" mods for the game, right out of the box.So, even beyond an already flexible game (no modding required), the replayability of GC3 is great!  Add to that the ability to tweak this game into the next century and that adds another whole dimension to it.Next, I confirmed with some fans that Stardock has committed to 2 expansion packs and several bug fix patches along the way.  This is a big deal to me because if you have seen the end result of GC2, you will realize that this released game is just the START of a development cycle that continues well after the game is released.  Bugs will be fixed, new features will be added etc.So, I'm not just happy about this game as is (and I am already addicted to it!) I am very much looking to the future as well.IF you are a fan of 4x games, I think this is defintely a must have!  I've been looking for a while for a decent way to burn time, and GC3 definitely fits the bill for me.Hopefully my other review will go up at some point... I don't want to have to write all that again!  =("
76561198140360718,Recommended,226860,29640117,Posted: 1 February,all,dqvence85,"The Game is awesome and addicting. I keep learning more and more and after 4 single player games I fee like I constantly have to change my playstyle for the random map. I do like the game alot but its not perfect either. The combat view is useless. It doesnt even show whats actually happening during combat. Its a not really combat viewer. The random generator did make ship designs with no engines one game. IDK why. I really feel combat needs to be addressed in this game big time. Both the viewer and style for ship roles. I feel like this was a big step back from the 1st two games and I cant think of a reason for it. But other than that (even though that is big) its an awesome games. I love the tech trees and the optional choices which i can only get one of unless trades are made. Awesome. Im still learning it, but I'm liking it and its getting better. Total time 30 hours of game play"
,Recommended,226860,16217630,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Nidhoggr,Compared to Civ. this game offers a lot more strategic planning
,Recommended,226860,15812446,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Sharp3265,only 4x with multi-threaded AI
,Not Recommended,226860,16527931,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,lexxingt0n,"I recommend buying Gal Civ II, the predecessor of this game, since essentially, Gal Civ 3 is a 97% copy of it.Gal Civ II is great. Gal Civ III, this game, however does not improve upon it at all in matters of playability.Buy Gal Civ II and save some money.Also: Your build queue will be saved in random order. Have fun with that. Super effective when building all terra forming plots first and then the factory that would've been kind of a great help doing that.And remember to click reeeeaaaaally slowly, like really slowly and carefully when choosing upgrades for starbases. If you happen to click the wrong one you have to take the whole bloody thing down and are left with dust and ashes."
76561198021954401,Recommended,226860,15892432,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,PRM Commando,"OK so at the time of writing this short review GC3 has left early access and I believe is still in BETA, so I will just list a few things that need to be worked on just so whoever is reading this will know what they are getting.Campaign:I was surprised to see a campaign since leaving early access. Most 4X games I've played have not had proper story campaigns, so I was happy to see one here. However, there are 2 issues I have with the campaign (other than being very short. Maybe every major race will get one each???).First off is the tech tree. In the first mission I advanced my kinetic weapons to near maximum however in the second mission I had to do it all again. Same can be said for nearly all techs. Now I'm not sure if they went to base levels again but that was practically the case. Personally I feel there should be some kind of system that carries tech into the next missions, even if it means limiting the max tech level per mission.Secondly is the diplomacy. Simply put it is non-existant. Sure you can trade, declare war and ask for peace but thats it. I researched diplomacy to a high level and nothing changed. I could not form an alliance with the Thalians in mission  2, so I had to go to war with them because we were neighbours and my culture was taking them over. They ended up being angry at me and sending threats, then eventually declared war on me. Naturally they did so without fleets at my borders so I just overran them immediately. Maybe AI is an isue too!!!!Open End Free Play:Obviously the diplomacy has a problem here too, but at the moment if you play using the largest 3 galaxies then your game will more than likely crash as all the races get more numerous ships. I was in a game 700+ turns in over about 10 days when all of a sudden when I click on ""turn"", it froze. To say i was pi**ed was an understatement. It happened twice. The second being just over 400 turns in. But all in all that's my biggest issue with free play.So in my opinion if the diplomacy and crashes are fixed this would be a great game. The tech tree is pretty minor since I will only play the campaign once since its not that interesting."
76561198006008224,Not Recommended,226860,21361309,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,averagedan,If you've never played GalcCiv I or II and 4X is your thing  you will love this so give it a go!  If you've played GalCiv II steer clear and go back to GC2 - it's the same game with a worse UI and a worse AI.  I cannot stress enough how bad the AI is.
76561198087564131,Recommended,226860,17003873,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,jaiyedz,"Overall its a pretty good game. I like the customization options it gives as far as creating your own ships. This is the 1st time i've played any of the games in the series so I didnt know what to expect. There were a few disappointments such as not being able to control your ships during battle. Instead you can watch your ships do as they please. I guess thats better than just getting a battle report though since it allows you to see where you went wrong & it allows you to see strengths and weaknesses such as if the enemy has mostly missle ships in their fleet you can counter it easier later. It can be very time consuming as well considering it gives you a lot of micro management options for every colony. It can give you advantages & allows you to specialize planets. Creating your own race is pretty cool too. All in all the freedom the game gives you to do as you'd like is great. Its not too good at explaining certain things during gameplay so you may need to do a bit of internet research/you tubing to figure out how some of the features work, but if you like turn based games that allow you to build empires & you're ok with only being able to watch cinematic battles instead of being able to take charge yourself, than I'd recommend giving this game a try."
76561198007493064,Recommended,226860,16999078,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Lechno the Sly,"Great depth of play and replayability!  The only part of this game that REALLY sucks is the combat - everything is fantastic!  Hopefully they'll add better combat in an upcoming patch or DLC.  :)  If you liked Master of Orion, GC/GCII, Endless Space etc...you'll probably love this game too!"
76561198009778505,Recommended,226860,17344323,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Demon,I love the game and it is very much what I expected it to be. The only change i would like to see is a bit more control of formations with fleets. Besides that this is one of the best games of it's type on the market.
,Recommended,226860,14705387,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,FAMSQUAD,"This game is overall a lot of fun and quite interesting to play. Here are some pros and cons:PROS:-Game is intricate, really deep-its fun-I love the vastness of the game-interesting civilzations-good diplomacyCONS:-All of the AI expand very aggresively. I wish this would be toned down.-Crashes sometimes-nobody ever wants a peace treaty. no matter what i do with it.-planets are incredibly expensive-No tutorialThis game is currently in beta and is already very promising. I used to ""play"" galactic civ 2 (""played"" because i never had any idea what i was doing) and i loved it. Pretty excited to see where this goes."
76561198196973997,Recommended,226860,31080918,Posted: 11 April,all,kevin_m_fischer,"I've enjoyed this series for quite some time.  I have some minor grievances, like trying to find the last planet to finish off an enemy.  It's really had to find your enemy on huge maps.  I wish there was a quick key, or some kind of way to find where they would be located (if you have that part of the map open with no fog of war, of course).  So far so good.  If you enjoy space turn-based strategy games, you'll love this game."
76561198030911216,Recommended,226860,31185290,Posted: 16 April,all,Dave007,"The community content; custom races, and ships add an extra dimension that makes the game even more interesting. The game is quite easy to learn once you work out how evey thing interacts. Good game enjoy."
76561198098144961,Recommended,226860,35048937,Posted: 18 September,all,hach_deuzo,"First of all, sorry for my incorrect English. I played a lot Gal Civ 2 and this new release is a very nice improvement. For lovers of 4x games, buy it!! Many thanks to Stardock's developpers to ensure that the game to be the best as possible (game play and graphics)."
,Recommended,226860,23184295,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,EiRiKSG,"I was actually planing on sleeping tonight, but I guess not..."
76561198001784839,Not Recommended,226860,19402662,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Salty Jack,"Master of Orion 2 is one of my all time favorites.I play many of the 4x games in hopes they will have some of that spark.Galciv 2 is the best space 4x game contender, even though it didn't quite hit the same peak.I like Stardock, I like their Fallen Enchantress etc. series, they make good games.I find myself not liking this one.   It feels bland somehow, though I note it's a better version of Galciv 2 more or less.I think the bar for a good game has moved, and it's still not Moo2.I waited for the DLC to go on sale, thinking that might fix it.  Still not liking it.It's one of the few games I pre-order at full price, that's how sure I was I would like it.Ah well."
76561198008025455,Recommended,226860,12309086,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,bryantjudoman,I have really enjoyed the few hours I have played however I am uninstalling untill the game is farther along. I just don't want to ruin the finall finished experience. All in all I sure like how it is shaping up though!
76561198066881974,Recommended,226860,12305241,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,behawolf,"Best game I've played so far. Love it, then again I bought a founder pack, mainly because I think that this game will rival many of the others that are coming out or will come out. I like the GC series because of the massive ammount of customization that is allowed, and the infinite possibilities that you can have in a game, with amazing replay value, it seems that only one in several hundred games may be similar, the AI is ever learning with development, and it learns from each encounter with you that is has, You have missles it has beam weapons? It will place anti missle defences on its ships, you start using other weapons it will make fleets of ships strong in each weapon and defence. Its a always changing universe. Though I'm still waiting for a custom race or something similar :P"
76561198006916361,Recommended,226860,15909203,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,shervster,"The game is a classic; I'm a fan of I and II.  I do agree that this game is disappointingly the same as the last two.  I do agree that I expected to see bigger changes.  Another problem for me is that the game is a huge resource hog.  My system exceeds their recommended specs and I have to play it on low and with the sound off and it still gets bogged down to a standstill in certain screens after many turns (people with much faster and newer systems apparently don't have an issue with this).  On the plus side it's still a great game and since it's been ten years I'm ready to replay it.  I see no reason not to recommend it, whether you've loved the old ones or are just getting in.  But hopefully they'll address the system hogging issue."
,Recommended,226860,17005004,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,WhiskeyGremlin,"While certainly not perfect, it has truly destroyed time that I was trying to kill. ""Just....one...more....turn"" certainly has been an all too common saying that I told my girl before she left. All well, at least I still have a galaxy and a customizable fleet. The ship customization is what sets this game apart from other 4X games. Its a nice balance between Sins of a Solar Empire and Civilization. The UI can be clunky at times, the AI stiff and a little too predictable, and combat leaves a little more to be desired (especially late game for myself) but this game has certainly kept me up with that mantra of ""Just one more turn.""Overall, I would rate this 7.5/10 conquered foes."
76561198094215193,Recommended,226860,17004242,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,miguel123,I have always loved playing Galactic Civilization since the 1st one.  The 2nd one was very good once the upgrades happened and I think the same thing will happen with this game once those upgrades are places.  I feel the game is just a little incomplete compared to the game play of GC2.  The minor races don't have no importance in the game other then giving you a decent planet to conquer once you have expoited them of tech and money.   I don't like the way the enemy will give up even tho it might still have 20+ planets left and give them to a random enemy.  I like to play on the biggest maps possible to make a long fun game.  The maps are big but I was actually hoping for bigger..lol.  I think some of the deplomacy needs some work.   The ship battles are nice but could have done a little tweaking in my option.  Once there face to face the just bounce around each other instead of doing flyby or making it just a little more realistic.  The explosion are awsome and a nice touch.  Sound effect could also use a litle bump.  I should have waited for most of the expansion to come out for this game before buying it but i'm such a fan that I can wait.
,Recommended,226860,34464303,Posted: 24 August,all,Mister Frodo,"It's good, but could be much better if the devs put some real effort into polishing it. If you're going to buy this, buy it with Crusade DLC; it adds several mechanics that are pretty standard for Civ-like 4X games, like espionage and special units."
76561197999585381,Recommended,226860,34387113,Posted: 20 August,all,flp_ndrox,"2.5 review with Crusade DLC.The game keeps improving.  Turn times and stability seem improved.  I actually like most of the new balance adjustments.  v2.6 is looking good in beta, but even now GC3 is definitely worth picking up on sale.  I wish there was more official races, and that the UI was more informative, but like any good 4x game, I'm thinking about it when I'm AFK."
76561198018643429,Recommended,226860,15195772,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Furious1,Great! Dev's are so far following through with everything they said! Thats rare!
76561198008466188,Recommended,226860,18282045,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Matt Chat,"I was a big fan of Gal Civ 2, but this one can be frustrating. The AI is such that you basically will have to follow a walkthrough or guide and slavishly follow a pre-defined strategy to have any chance against it. In short, the balance isn't where it should be, particularly if you're coming to this from Civ 5. Otherwise, fun game, with lots of potential.* Edit * I was finally able to win this game, albeit after getting some helpful tips. In particular, you need to ""specialize"" planets (research, wealth, or manufacturing) instead of the generalist approach I was taking. It's also essential to customize your ships.All of my previous negatives were forgotten when I was finally able to bring the pain to my assorted enemies. Woohoo!"
76561198052817712,Recommended,226860,29516344,Posted: 26 January,all,Liberty_lost,"Well i would highly recommend this game, seen as i got the whole gold edition at 73% off at $36, instead of $132 which i refused to pay, ive already played a friends copy and it is a pretty awesome 4x'er you can have over 100 races in each galaxy, which can be enormous, plus creation of races and ships, can create hundreds of hours of gameplay, plus the dev's are still ironing out the creases of this game, so well worth adding your library, especially if you can get it at a steal."
76561198013317980,Recommended,226860,33958413,Posted: 1 August,all,themastertrevor,"I (or more likely someone far more eloquent) could easily write a 1,500 word essay on all the pros and cons of this game.  As with most 4x games there is a lot to it; there are many things to go right and even more to go wrong. It also comes down to personal taste. It really comes down to what sort of mechanics/options you like, or more simply: you like how it plays or you don't.  Galactic Civ 3 is far from perfect.  It's not as refined as another 4x game with civilization in the title.  This game gives me Stellaris vibes, where you either love it or hate it. There doesn’t seem to be a large middle ground, though I could be wrong. I'm not an expert in anything. However, I enjoyed Galactic Civ, it’s a fun game with some issues. I can understand why someone wouldn’t like it. I most certainly wouldn't hold the dislike of this game over anyone's head. I recommend this game, though do more research than just my review. Really make sure it's something you want to buy. A 2 hour return window isn't great for figuring out if a 4x is good enough/worth it imho."
76561197993698111,Not Recommended,226860,32859521,Posted: 27 June,all,Felix C137,"It's fun, but really, there are too many bugs, and it doesn't have as much depth as it should. When you find the right balance  (which is basically just getting 5 planets, spamming one type of building per planet, and than spamming military units) it's no longer fun to play. For those who enjoy the military aspect, you'll find a home here, otherwise, stick to the land based Civ games."
76561198030978257,Not Recommended,226860,32727128,Posted: 24 June,all,FartherSkies,"Game  is imbalanced at current state (2.3) toward singular meta of RESEARCH > TRADE TECH escalation.I'm assuming this was a way to compensate Human players ability to be far and ahead of AI during late game.While I would still play the game, since I like playing 4x, I would prefer games that have better strat balance that doesn't force players into a singular meta. It is possible to close and limit TECH TRADE in the options however, why should the paying customer be forced to limit game abilities as opposed to developer giving game balance.Unfortunately these kinds of balance issues are not noticeable until after a few play throughs / hours.NOTE: This doesn't seem to have an effect in the CAMPAIGN (or as much)."
76561197996380317,Not Recommended,226860,25207099,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,xf100t,"Honestly wish I could refund this even after picking it up on sale. It is not clear at all what you need to do to succeed at playing this game (you can't see what AI are doing on their planets, but they outproduce you in every category with no real explanation as to why), but even if it were, it is so excrutiatingly slow that it doesn't really seem worth figuring out anyway. Four hours in you have (maybe) 8-10 ships that can travel 2-3 spaces? The pace here is so slow that it's just tough to stay engaged, even for people that like 4X games."
76561198050038862,Not Recommended,226860,15962430,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Dorian4690,"The game feels like an early access at this point. Poorly optimized, unstable with massive loading times and other performance issues. The game is not worth it at this stage. I strongly suggest you wait for it to get patched before purchase."
,Not Recommended,226860,16010045,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Rataphract,"Going to keep giving it a try, but at first blush, I'm horribly disappointed. The ship customization feels limited and wonky, especially compared to other games in the genre, and especially considering that the combat is entirely out of your control (something not entirely clear in the store description.) Can't recommend it."
76561198029334336,Recommended,226860,15830669,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,raw-metal,I Purchased the Beta of Galactic Civilizations 3 a couple of weeks ago.....I do not regret my decision. I have played nothing else since. GC3 more than meets my expectations. I enjoyed the previous titles years after they where originally  released and have no dout it will be the same for GC3.  anyone who enjoys turn based stratagy games NEEDS Galactic Civilizations 3 in there lives. If you havent played it yet what are you waiting for? Yes it costs £30 and its worth every single penny in my opinion.
76561198003299917,Not Recommended,226860,15909772,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Unreal,"Game is filled with bugs, to the point it's unplayable. All sorts of different issues that causes the game to crash to desktop, none of which in my experience are performance related either. Try to join MP and it crashes, try to perform certain actions within the game and it'll crash. With no real response from Stardock support.Aside from the bugs it's not a deep game for a 4x, right now anyway. You'll see a lot of the same dialogue and events within your first game alone. AI behaves oddly as well, for example civilizations that are far weaker than you will demand that you make weekly payments to them.The ship designer is very nice though and well done, basically a game within a game."
,Recommended,226860,32618378,Posted: 21 June,all,Lune Crackham,"A great game that may turn you into:-(If playing with benevolent ideology) Someone sick and filled with rage. (Though it feels amazing when you beat the game!)-(If playing with Pragmatic ideology) The Emperor of Mankind from Warhammer 40k. PURGE THE UNCLEAN!!!-(If playing with Malevolent ideology) The ""Brutal"" Emperor. Palpatine would be proud.-(If playing with a mixture of the said ideologies) Someone who had a really good time.Buy at your own risk."
76561198023317631,Recommended,226860,22927785,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Speeluunjuur,"It's a pretty standard 4x space game. If you've played one before you know what to expect, bbut where his game really shines is in it's ability to customise your own ships and space stations. While other games let you do this as well, you were severely limited in what you could do and many times your tweaks were either merely cosmetic or only affected the stats of a pre existing model. In this game you can build it from the ground up and every bit of equipment has it's own model. It's like building in Kerbal Space with offensive weaponry."
76561198037591718,Not Recommended,226860,16098830,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,AlienNation,The AI has an IQ equivalent to an egg
,Recommended,226860,15834995,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Karvaleknukfha,"Playing on insane size, on turn 200 and still have not met another race."
76561198018965385,Recommended,226860,16020916,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Vallornic,"34 hours in the first week and a half. No regrets.ProsExtremely detailed - You can easily get lost in the immense detail of the game. For instance, the level of detail and complexity in ship design is amazing. Research options seem endless. The size of the map can range anywhere from just a handful of sectors to thousands of sectors in area.Beautiful - The graphics are very nice. Everything is very polished and nice to look at.Endless possibilities - This kinda goes hand-in-hand with the detail, but there are just so many choices you can make. You can create your own alien races, able to customize how they construct their civilization and interact with others. You can not only design aesthetics for your own ships, but combine modules in endless combinations to give your ship any number of strengths. I'm sure that I've only begun to scratch the surface of the possibilities in this game.Like Civilization, but way, way better - And it's in space!Super powerful uber death machines - When you start manufacturing the huge-size ships with the fully upgrades weapons, you can take on an entire fleet with one ship. Not to say that this is easy to get to. It takes quite a while to get to that point in research and manufacturing capability, but it's extremely rewarding when you do.ConsA bit buggy - I got it on release day. It has crashed inexplicably quite a few times while playing. Thankfully, the autosave is very reliable, and I only ended up losing a few turns each time. It seems that they've fixed this somewhat, but not completely.Very, very time consuming - Not necessarily a con, but it might be for some people. Do NOT get this game if you just want a quick play-through. This game takes a lot of time to get into, learn, and actually play, especially when you start moving into the larger maps.I never played the previous games in this franchise, but I love this one. Overall, I'd say it's a very good buy if you're someone who's willing to put a lot of time into a turn-based strategy game. It's like Civ on steroids, in space, with giant lasers."
76561198169920935,Not Recommended,226860,16986263,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,baltek,Somewhat disappointed - I keep running into bugs that either take a bit to fix or I cant seem to find anything online....as soon as I seem to resolve one....I seem to run into another...it is beginning to frustrate me....
76561198080168324,Recommended,226860,15828335,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Erisdar,"So i have to say when I first bought this game i will be honest that i felt a little let down but, with its interactive team and constant updates I can proudly say this game has become a lot of fun. I suggest doing the tutorial as there are things you need to learn and playing with the tech tree a lot. The camera for the space fights can get some fine tuning but overall they are enjoyable to watch. Combat itself is a huge numbers game with range, defense, and attack all playing a factor in your fight to dominate. Choices on your races ideals and influence will greatly determine how you interact with the ai diplomatically. Fight everyone or try to be the peaceful race or even something in between its up to you."
,Not Recommended,226860,29371381,Posted: 20 January,all,Wallewallewalle,"I LOVE Galatic Civ 2. Yet this is only superior graphically.  I appreciate that the company tried, No matter what I do removing all forms of korx in campaign normal I cant progress. I alternated back a ridiculous amount of terms by conquering the last planet they declare war. This brings loss of objective. I have done it 4 times thats 4X I am wanting to actually do something in story mode.Good thing I got this on sale. Maybe after another dozen updates this game will be playable and have some of the complexities that GC2 had."
76561198239385290,Not Recommended,226860,17164366,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,tomiello1,"This game has a lot going for it.  BUT it is not finished.  Lots of bugs.  Big ship battles are not fun to watch.  Graphics get real choppy which eventually leads to a lock-up.  The game does try to recover but in the end, A WASTE OF TIME.  I want my $40 back.  I am using an Alien 17 laptop with i7 and windows 7.  This is a true game machine. GCII, WOW, LOL, plus lots of stand alone games run fine.  Also, you have to log-in to play.  Well my ranch in AZ does not have the net. So I can't play there or I have to HOTSPOT my iPhone, which brings up another nightmare."
76561198062187650,Recommended,226860,32177053,Posted: 4 June,all,Zorteper,Great game... But I still prefer Sins of a Solar Empire!
,Recommended,226860,22632101,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Belahan,"A very decent 4X game. Played for hours with a friend of mine, still trying to get things perfectly right. One thing at the moment (Mai 2016) is a bit frustrating: Despite the AI literally losing money they still spew out ships and manage to overtech you. It's just not nice when even an ""easy"" opponent makes -40bc each turn and throws stacks of ships at me. On the other hand: You don't have to give AI money, they don't seem to need it anyways :D"
,Recommended,226860,18559979,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Viaphex,"Why did you remove the planet production wheel?Why is it not even an option anymore?Why did you think it was a good idea to change such a large gameplay element when it's not in alpha (or even beta for that matter) anymore?With it's removal you've just promoted improvement spam, made the game needlessly long and made it a requirement that planets manufacture and research constantly, otherwise it's wasting raw production.And yes I know that currently I am talking about an update that is in beta (not that it matters, major gameplay changes shouldn't be done in beta), but the developers have been talking about removing the wheel for a while. With the next mandatory update the planet production wheel will be gone.This game has been ruined.Edit:The main game has been updated, the planet production wheel has been officially removed.Edit [5/11/15]:Despite the dev being arsey about it, the wheel is back:1. Opt into the 1.41 Beta.2. Run the game once.3. In 'prefs.ini' set 'UseColonyProductionWheel' to 1.As long as the wheel stays, my review stays positive."
76561197983945781,Recommended,226860,18309778,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,JaggedyJack,"Galactic Civilizations III is a beautiful and well made 4x space empire managment game.  Having played MOO1, MOO2, Gal Civs 1,2 and now number 3, this is by far the most engaging and challenging game yet.________________________________________________________________Pros:Very nice graphics all around.  Planets now show city lights on the dark side and the background is just beautiful.  Ships also really pop out.  Huge fleet battles looks really good!The Ship Designer is top notch as always.  Plenty of options to make almost anything you can imagin.A lot of nice fixes to diplomacy. Every race no longer DoW for no reason... except the Drengin but that's    expected.The absolute huge size of the galaxy makes for some epic empire vs empire wars.  I only play on Insane size!Civilization customization is well done and there are so many options to make the civilization of your dreams.Steam Workshop support.  Makes up for the lack of starting civs by using the faction mods and can add some awesome looking ships to your game.  Lots of great work done by the community.Continuing the story/campiegn from previous Gal Civs.  (That opening cutscene is just AWESOME!)____________________________________________________________Cons:(As of this review)No planetary invasion cutscenes or otherwise some neat way of seeing your troops conquer the planet.  It all happens in the background instantly and is very anti-climatic.  This is something that was in previous Gal Civs but not in this one and it is a little bit of a let down.  I hold out hope that Stardock will add it in either by patch or DLC.Needs some better management/organization options for fleets.  Whenever you add a ship to a fleet it changes the fleets name to some random number with your factions name.  For me the naming of fleets is important so I can at a glance of the list tell where certain fleets are without cycling though all of them. This can get annoying when upgrading ships you will need to change the fleet name each time you add the ship back into fleet.  When I have 50+ Fleets of various sizes and purposes running around, trying to remember which ones I named what can get frustrating.Though civilizations will not DoW as much I still have the unbelieveable occurence of some civs (Drengin mostly) DoW even if they are not even remotly in range of my empire to fight/invade.  So it is a war in name only.  The AI bu now should be able to take into account the distance of it's empire to the one it wants to DoW.  When you make another Civ know you want to destroy them they tend to prepare for you and this kind of removes the possablility of being attacked by suprise (ex: Peral Harbor style)AI Behavior in general:  The AI can behave in some strange ways and seems to lack proper skills to manage their own planets.  I tend to find their planets near rebellion or under developed.  I then find it strange to see with such poor managment how they can afford fleets of such epic size.  In fact I would say AI behavior is the biggest flaw in this game._________________________________________________________Conclusion:Depsite the cons, which are in my opinion really kinda minor when it comes to the rest of this game,  Galactic Civilizations III is one of the very top 4x strategy games on the market at this very moment.  Very engaging and beautiful, I tip my hat to you Stardock... well done.  I look forward to see what else you bring to this game and series."
,Recommended,226860,18309883,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Demonweed,"I've been playing Galactic Civilizations from the start of the series.  Fans of the earlier titles are likely to enjoy this iteration.  Most of the core ideas are well-implemented, and the look of the game is appropriately updated.  Particular highlights include a more diverse body of random events (even before obtaining the Mega Events DLC), an ideological system, race-specific tech trees, and an incredibly nuanced ship designer.  Of course, there is robust support for custom-designed content, which should proliferate as the playerbase grows.For people unfamiliar with the series, Galactic Civilizations is about competitive empire-building.  In the standard game, a player begins with a spacefaring race still limited to its homeworld.  Simultaneously managing exploration, settlement, economic development, technological growth, and security concerns; the aim is to colonize distant worlds and thrive.  Victory conditions often include peaceful options like diplomacy or even transcending physical existence itself, though violent conquest is also on the list.  Managing large happy colonies provides the resources to attempt the loftiest goals.Having played many games in this 4X genre, I feel Galactic Civilizations III strikes a nice balance between accessibility and complexity.  It is possible to control every detail right down to the placement of decorative fins on warships, but delegating to the AI to focus on high-level questions and strategic command is also a viable approach.  I don't yet have enough experience to have a strong opinion about the AI, but I find the normal difficulty setting suitable for learning the ropes.  Ideology is a particular treat, giving significant consequence to the morality of crucial choices.  For players willing to put in the time a serious strategy game demands, Galactic Civilizations III should provide many hours of pleasant satisfaction."
76561198009447375,Recommended,226860,18760253,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,bluerat,"Review as of v1.4:I am a big fan of Galciv 2 and this game hits that Galciv feeling. I have no hesitation in recommending this game to 4x players. The game is really good, no question.The devs have made a lot of progress since release; and 1.4 is a big improvement for the ai - for me most notably is that the ai won't spam starbases everywhere anymore.My fav things:- tech tree is so much better than galciv2- nebulae and other stellar background (like black holes)- strategic resources- ship designer - it is insanely good- building on planets is beautiful, smooth and satisfying (especially the adjacency mechanic - making this nicely strategic)Issues:- still buggy in places (but have never had a full on crash). Two bugs for me are that the ai spams messages which are clearly not relevant; and some information doesn't refresh straight away creating some genuine confusion as to what is happening.- feature light-ish (this is only a comment in relation to galciv 2, it still has a great many features). I'm sure expansions will correct this and go beyond galciv 2; as it stands in no way is galciv 3 an incomplete game.- small payable dlc ... why are these things not in base game kinda thingSummary:Gameplay is unquestionably fun, the world is immersive, the sound design is great and the ai is a challenge. This is a good 4x game and I look forward to further patches, development and of course the three planned expansions.Go buy.EDIT: forgot to say how awesome the multiplayer is, smooth and crisp. The game is also 64 bit which is a massive step up from galciv 2 creating what I can only describe as a brilliant play experience with no lag experienced yet."
,Recommended,226860,18508556,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,MegaManectric,Really good space 4x game. I love playing tbs's and this one is probably the most fun and addicting. And that's coming from somebody who's played 500+ hours on Civilization V. Really hope they add an expansion or more dlc. Good job Stardock
76561198035755956,Recommended,226860,18364793,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,skyroger2,"+ Good space strategy for Masters of Orion fans+ Good gameplay, tech, races, diplomacy- Crashes sometimes"
76561197962321474,Recommended,226860,19025720,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,DeGen,"steep learning curve, but worth it"
76561198048695880,Recommended,226860,19034608,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,nexusmagus,"I do recommend the game for those that played 1 and 2 or any of the Civilzation style games and liked them.  I did find some of the extreme times on research a bit tedious and I did find the income remains a bit too slow to develop.  I don't want to spend forever on the larger galaxies and that IS what it ends up feeling like when you make the research trees and income take that long while making the game start out at ridiculous sublight technology levels.  Too slow to develop and way too economically pinched to remain fun for any but the most devoted.  If you choose to cater to the extremists in this regard you will lose too many of the casuals.  I love this genre and I loved so much about this game other than the slow research trees and restrictively slow economic growth.  That being said my son, brother and best friend all played it once and I think the reiterated quote was ""It's no Masters of Orion""  although they did admit to my defense of the wonderful new ideas, expansive ship design and beautiful graphics.  You lost every one of them with one or both of my stated issues.  Myself, I like it albeit with the caveat of those issues."
76561198041819247,Not Recommended,226860,17764553,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,uviteru22,This game is not ready to be published. My hardware specs exceed the requirements but the game freezes regularly requiring I exit and return. It's not possible for me to actually complete a game. I want my money back.
76561198025514579,Recommended,226860,16904616,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Party all the time,"For some reason this game just randomly lost the ""Executable File.""  Now i cannot play a game i spent way too much money on! After troubleshooting this problem i had the developer realized I didnt have a 64 bit OS and that was my issue... Oh well!"
,Not Recommended,226860,17512035,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,wroter,"This game still has a lot of bugs to work out. Not sure why it was ""released"" in this state. I think it's got a few months to go before it's worth the hefty price tag."
76561198063067789,Not Recommended,226860,17512695,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,johnson_545,"This game has amazing potential, but the AI is utterly imcompetent even at the highest difficulty levels. It's basically a sandbox-game with no challenge at all. There is also no semblance of balance for the different factions' tech trees. The interface could also use some fine-tuning.I enjoy playing the game having already bought it, but until they fix this game up, I can't recommend it for others to buy."
76561198002466448,Not Recommended,226860,17896319,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Maledictor,"Sooo much good stuff missing from Gal Civ II.(update) Forgot to mention, crash, crash, crash. Load map, crash. Play 5 rounds crach...? Is it the community maps and races it can't handle og wtf!?You had many things figured out in Gal Civ II, just the right way, Why would you change it for the worse of just leave it out?Map automater is horrible, doesn't respond to the settings. Maybe just broken, maybe just♥♥♥♥♥♥ Make it like in Gal Civ II, instead og forcing ppl to buy a DLC map-maker, cause the build-in version is♥♥♥♥♥♥Political element is deminished, to the point where it is pointless...Espinage is gone. Why?The first maybe 5 DLC's you make for this game needs to be FREE!!! just to make the game worth it's price.Buy it in 6 months, maybe. Untill then Gal Civ II is just as good..."
76561197962811212,Not Recommended,226860,18037000,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Dark Hisoka,"Game still has bugs, and still doesn't have all the features promised on release. Yet there is already a DLC. Thanks EA, err stardock? I loved all your previous games, but you went the way of the X series and sold out."
,Recommended,226860,14892121,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Kinjiru,"GalCiv3 is a solid entry into the franchise. It has the elements you expect it to have -- combat, exploration, resource building and planet development, ship building, researching, diplomacy, etc. It's still got some work to be done but the development has been aggressive. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys 4X games, particularly space 4X games."
76561198014843217,Recommended,226860,14718831,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,OldSchoolKicksAss,Game is EXTREMELY incomplete..Do not purchase this unless you wanna be like a beta tester..They need to put so much more work in this game its ridiculous..If they put the extra work on adding new cool stuff this game can rly shine.. but right now it just gets so boring...
76561197961312578,Recommended,226860,15398710,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,@ce{FU},"Started rough but the game is coming along great. There are still many bugs , the AI needs more work but getting better by leaps and bounds with every patch, and me personally having crashing issues if i put the map size too large but its slowly becoming my favorite of the Galactic Civ's. I can't wait till its completly finished and working perfectly!"
,Recommended,226860,24377924,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Demfels,"Rating 8/10Pros:In depth research tree/systemsGame MechanicsAbility to play in a lot of different modes/configurationsShip Design SystemAI GameplayCons:Only offers auto resolve for battlesRequired to consume transport ships to take over planets (at least I have not found another way).""Soldiering/Troops"" have very minimal actual game play mechanics"
76561198032946113,Recommended,226860,24309362,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,johannstein,"Everything I have ever wanted in a space-age civ style turn based game, reminiscent of mini-arcade style and epic 'Total Annihilation' matches, party up for best results !"
76561198003942375,Recommended,226860,22354376,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,rob,I've played all the gal civs so far and this one so far has been as enjoyable. Which means that Stardock yet again have released a game which is worth my time to play. Thanks :)
76561198217370760,Not Recommended,226860,22231187,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Been,"With an AI that's dumb as dirt and obviously cheating its rocks off, even on Normal diff., and the release date now close to a year behind us, I feel this game never received the love it seriously has deserved.(more than 600 hrs. from my gaming experience were AI-only games, where I ran many tests to optimize the AI, but I'm not a good enough programmer)"
76561198086093824,Not Recommended,226860,22141821,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Got to be Real,"This game is well.....frustrating, and not much fun to play.It's a pity becasue the game does have a few nice things: the ship designing aspect is probably the most fun bit of it. Most of my hours playing the game have been spent designing ships, what a shame that the rest of the game doesn't have that same level of involvement!The game is let down by very poor game mechanics, ill-concieved ideas, and it lacks so many things that it ought to have: the combat is laughable, the AI is utterly stupid, it lacks any depth and immersion.In a nutshell: this game has lots of potential, but is a mess. Sadly, the developers are just not not intersted in developing it into something good nor listen to what many people are saying about its many faults; instead they desperately try to make the disfunctional aspects of it work, which just ends up making it even more nonsense. The so-called updates and patches just don't fix the endemic problems with it.Save your money for something else, this game isnt even worth it in a sale."
,Recommended,226860,24194572,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Yipadee Ptato,"7/10 - The game still has problems, but its fun to play either way.Pros:- Fan of the previous games will enjoy the visual update and update from the older version.- Love the new ideology aspect and constant moral choices which need to be made and the upgrades given with them. I love being evil and taking the benefits over peoples lives and the greater good etc.- Prototype ships & parts that are tied with space mining. This gives a huge improvement to starbases and trade resources. This gives so many ways to play the game. (You may have better research, but it means nothing when my ships all have extremely powerful prototype weapons thanks to my mining empire) LOVE IT!- Anomolies can now have varying levels of defence which is great. This aspect still needs work, but it is still good fun to rush some precusor anomolies for advantages.- Bazaar in the Merc add on. Love the unique ship types and the bonuses, great addition.Cons:- Anomoly defences are far too predicatble. Laser weapons and all with the same attack on each. Extremely predictable which is no fun. Would be great to run into an anomoly which had 36 missle dmg and 36 armor, that would crush my survey ship which normally only has shields (since they always have laser weapons).- I feel like the tech tree could use alot of work. Nothing feels unique and it is more going through the motions.- Still need to add ""auto"" options. There is alot of tedius micro-management, if I am at war, I really dont want to control hundreds of fleets to attack each turn. The larger the empire, the more tedius micromanagement is needed.- There are many features and unique things which appeared in Galactic Civ 2 which have not been added to the new games. I hope they will look to add these in the future.Overall, it is a very fun game. I have yet to finish a game though. I always make my empire so large that it becomes irritating to manage so many ships turn after turn (which is why I need the auto features).  BUT I have enjoyed every moment of playing, which is a good sign."
76561198171713626,Recommended,226860,20879693,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,burlyhawk,"I really enjoy playing this game. I have been looking for a good 4X game and am glad I found this one. After playing for about a week, I realized how all other games have fallen short. I really like how the game gives me the option to be as detailed as possible when managing my planets or if I do not want to micro-manage, the option is there to let the AI handle it. I can see myself playing this game for hours. Bravo!"
76561197968982243,Recommended,226860,20885242,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Skull the Troll,A nice successor to the others. My only complaint is I wish the AI was a bit better so it didnt have to compensate by just giving them a metric ♥♥♥♥-ton of ships. If you want to win by any means other than conquest you have to have enough ships to pull off the conquest - and then do somethign else.
76561198049347329,Recommended,226860,20342781,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,-SoG-Sharky36,"Galactic Civilizations III's gameplay is much like Civilization V but instead of being based on land it is based in space.  I admit I haven't learned every nuance of the game as I am not one to read the book before I play.  It has been so fun to learn that I've done nothing else but play this game since I bought it about a week ago.  If you enjoyed playing Civ V this game is for you, it does not disappoint.Learning how to stack item bonuses on planets was probably the most difficult thing to learn.  Once you get passed that learning curve this game becomes much more enjoyable."
76561198008224734,Recommended,226860,20720990,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Cyn,"Galactic Civilizations III is a wonderful 4x space strategy game. If you like these types of game you will not be disappointed.  I have played these 4x space strategy games since masters of orion.New elementes were added which truely improved upon this genre. Such differing tile bonus dependent on the planet, special resources which are needed for specific upgrades to your ships, the spaceship creator is amazing, and the list of improvement from the old title continue.The epic maps that one can play now with excessive and insane is incredable. Warning dependent on your machine it may not be playable for theese huge galaxies.The weakest part of the game is the ai which has been improved upon since release which it needed. Diplomacy is a bit weak too however as you figure out the game you will be able to make peace with stronger military powers which some complain is impossible to do. I will tell you now it is not. Even if they are at war with you it is not very difficult to make peace if you have a lot of cash on hand.The learning curve of this type of game might be to great for someone who has never played a 4x space sandbox before but if you plug away you will find a path that works for you for Victory!"
,Recommended,226860,20248436,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,JeisyVille,4x done right.
76561198006199167,Recommended,226860,21694529,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,jamyl59,"Good 4x strategy game, One of the better ones I've played. Lots oif depth. a rich tech tree, and a trmrndous amount of options for ship customization. Overall, a very enjoyable experience. Highly recommended."
76561197981462653,Recommended,226860,21513154,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,OneBloodyHero,"Alright.  Now, I really want to like this game.  I have tried.  I have played hours of it, but the game simply does not do it for me.  Overall, the game mechanics, the content, the tech-tree, ships, etc. on offer is plenty and varied.  However, the game, for me is too much of a reskin of GC II, which is not to say that is a bad thing, but it would seem the developers did not aim to improve upon the old game with the new.My biggest gripe with GC III is the mundane, haphazard, and back-seated approach to combat.  There is virtually (if any at all) player interaction during combat.  The player assembles a fleet of ships, sends them against an enemy fleet and simply watches the combat unfold.  Of course, the player upgrades one's ships and develops military techology as a way to enhance the fighitng capacity and abilities, but in no way can one direct anything during combat in real time or in turn based.  This is a lost opportunity.  The devs could have really gone out and made combat interactive, and improved the old game systems with new mechanics in the new game.A general criticism, completely shrouded in my own subjective leanings, is that the game is not immersive at all.  The music, the environment, the galaxy, the races, and so on just feels bland.  I do not get any sense that the galaxy is a living and breathing arena filled with races, wars, trade, and diplomacy.  Of course, all of these things do happen, but there is no real sense of signicance from these interactions that gives me a sense of immersion.I would personally not recommend this game to those players wishing for a more interactive combat system.  However, the game overall offers enough content, graphical fidelity, and overall competence for me to give it a very, very lukewarm recommendation."
76561197963569797,Recommended,226860,20339239,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[EPIC]CowGoMoo,"Very fun game, similar to the previous game is as expected. A very  well created tech tree, customizable ships and roles giving players a great deal of freedom in creating and countering enemy fleets and ships.Pros:- Awesome tech tree, there are always so many things that I want at any given point.- Ship and fleet customization.- Developing planets takes a lot of consideration due to the number of unique buildings and adjacency modifiers.- Strategic resources create points of interest on the map other than just planets and controlling them is vitalCons:- AI is pretty weak. Sometimes suicides fleets or sits fleets next to your planets for no reason without a transport, ignoring starbases and shipyards.- AI never builds enough transports, they tend to declare war on you and then take 30 turns to try and capture a planet. If the transport is killed, it will probably be anothe 30 turns before they send another.- AI diplomacy has some incredibly terrible prices for treaties, and opinion doesn't always affect deals. I can sell a strategic resources to an AI for 499 BC, regardless if they love me or hate me. You can sell Exploration Treaties for several 1000 BC, and a huge weekly BC rate to every AI as well. These prices need to be changed as they greatly reduce the usefulness of wealth production since so much is easily generated by selling crap to the AI.Of course I don't expect the AI to be amazing, but for 4X game, I would expect it to be a bit better. Compared to Civ5, the AI is signficantly worse in this game."
,Recommended,226860,20298692,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Zonbai,"If you liked Galactic Civilizations II then you will love Galactic Civilizations III.   If you love 4x turn based games,  you will love this one.   The graphics are top notch for a 4x game.  The gameplay is fun overall.  The ship battles are a bit of a snooze and there are some minor bugs the developers are working out but overall the game is the best 4x turn based strategy game out there.  The game is pretty and challenging.  It will make you think and react.  All hail the king of the 4x turn based games!Warning:  You will need a decently powered PC to play this game at full potential.   A mid class 2gb video card along with 8gb of RAM and a halfway descent processor will do the trick quite nicely.  Don't expect to throw this game on your work laptop and expect to play smoothly."
76561198032081611,Recommended,226860,20023461,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,VLH,"Not really a huge improvement over GalCiv2, but still a fun game that can suck hours from your life without you noticing.  Recommended to anyone familiar with the franchise, or similar games like Master of Orion, etc."
76561197971413607,Recommended,226860,20111005,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,lexroozemaal,Like the game and can recommend it if you like x4 games. Needed to play a couple of games to get the hang of this game as this is the first Galactic Civilizations i have played.Really enjoy the designer mode to create your own Starships. The ai of this version (1.5) gives me a good challenge. Lot to learn and discover.
76561198031227137,Recommended,226860,20960677,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,m.sherwood1,"Kind of a mashup of Maters of Orion 2 and Civilisation, pretty easy to play and master with masive scale games available. the ship designer is pretty difficult to use, but the automatic designs the game produces are cool enough and update when you research new tech.if your looking for a good updated verrsion of masters of orion 2 then thei is it."
76561198196801494,Recommended,226860,20988087,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,spencerman101,It's a very intense space civ sim. be prepared to spend 3-4 hours on a single game and that's on a short game mode. Similar feel to Cid Myer's games.
76561198009229722,Recommended,226860,21088063,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Redbeard85,I have been a fan of the Galactic Civilization series for a while. I recently came back to it with GC III. The game is fun but the learning curve seems to be a bit steeper than I remember. It seems like the only strategies that work now are the “Rush” strategies. I used to go science heavy. I’m sure that I’m just relearning it though. There is a lot of replay ability to this game and I still find myself having trouble not clicking “next turn”. I’m looking forward to future game balance patches but ultimately I think the game is a lot of fun.
76561198058759699,Not Recommended,226860,20903542,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Oddysen,"Very interesting and well fleshed out. One of the better 4x' I have played.  The only major flaws i have experienced so far is that the campaign is so short as to be nothign but a glorified tutorial, and that the AI is not good enough at detecting threats, particularly cultural ones, but these are minor problems. I have only played three full games (excluding the campaign), so not sure about the replayability, but I am not bored yet, so I'm sure you'll get quite a few good gaming hours out of this.A solid 9/10 i think.Edit: Due to stability/save corruption issues, I'll have to withdraw my recomendation and change my score to 6/10. Disapointing that the dev's made such a good game, yet clearly didn't invest enough time into testing and stability."
76561198025698105,Recommended,226860,21835683,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Edwin Felspar,"I am a casual strategy game player and there is a definite learning curve to this game, as with most 4x games. There is a lot of help in the workshop though. If I had one complaint it would be the ship queue for stardocks. I would like a way to sort the ships by type, size, function, etc."
76561197990588290,Recommended,226860,21848389,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Leon,Could do with a little polishing but overall the best of the genre I've tried in a while.
76561198018797505,Recommended,226860,21793282,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,jhero42,WoW just WoW!!
76561198115626842,Recommended,226860,21795050,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Rainus47,"If your a fan of 4x games, you'll like this one.  The AI is a little predictable though.  The races that focus on military might tend to be overpowered, wiping out those that prefer trade, influence, or diplomacy before they can build to become powerful in their own right.  All in all I like it, and its a big improvement over GC2.  I wish they had added some of the dlc to the main game.  It doesn't seem fair to have to pay more for what should have been basic parts of the game, or atleast part of the expansion."
76561198030744469,Recommended,226860,21797552,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,dc5277,"Played 4 games on immense galaxy - total play time approx 80 hours.   Game is an improvement over Gal Civ IIThe research tree is better in that it is not laid out from the start - but you discover it.  Bigger maps = bettersuggested improvements -(1) Bring back miners on astroids as a way to increase planet production(2) Rebalance cost of producing ships - at game start the colony ship costs 58 to 62 turns ,  quickly it becomes 300 to 500 turns which kills the game - possible solution - allow players to build older models of ship designs  the old M-1 Colony would be cheeper but slower and less range which is fine.(3)  The special perks (items) that a few of the planets have - tool tips need to better describe their effect if any(4) On the ""manage planet"" screen and the Manage starbase"" screen - let the small map that normally appears in the upper right that shows the whole known galaxy and the individual planet/starbase location on it appear -  location may mean different selections for actions - and on turns where I start 2 planets or 2 starbases it is difficult to know which is which(5) Let the operator (game player) give names to rally points - the computer generated names are not helpful(6)  Some of the color selections are difficult to see  -  insufficient contrast  -  example the yellow box in the galaxy screen that is usually in the upper right of the screen.  Yellow is a goos contrasting color but the pixel width of the lines in that screen renders it invisible(7) In the tactical battles - give the player options of say (a) all ships shoot at enemy ship closest to them or (b) all ships shoot at most dangerious ship in weapons range or (c) ??(8) Create a on line game instruction book - that at lease gives the basics.Thanks for making a good game - and hope you are able to continue its evolution."
76561198032996151,Recommended,226860,21802073,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,minor.duvall400,"Everything is ok  excape the section where you update, or biuld a new space craft. That part of the game does not working correctly. I have designed  ships in the designs area, and tryed to save them, All it does is one of two things,one is not save the design, or save the design, but will not let you build it. The auto designs build into the program, when, you go to the next larger ship, works fine usless you want to change or upgrade systems on it. Then then it does the same thing  as I stated in line. I have all the Gc series.Minor Duvall"
,Recommended,226860,21807558,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Darkness,"amazing game, so amaing that its hard to find something wrong with it compared to others like it"
76561198017912336,Recommended,226860,21809765,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,timolong,"A solid space strategy game. It has the exploration, expansion, economy, diplomacy and tech with multiple elements to a successful game. It also has a vein of humour I've appreciated.I've had the odd irritation where something doesn't work properly (seems to often be related to having a ship with unused moves at a planet/station), but not enough to break the game. Designing your own race and ships is a big plus for me. I've won games because I tweaked ship designs to exploit my own available resources and negate my opponent's strengths. Recommend."
76561198032979746,Recommended,226860,21818756,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,carpath.ian,"I really like this game as it is as big as you want it to be, with ship designs and strategy to choose from in so many ways.  I took a break for awhile but it is nice to come back to many times."
76561198003308890,Not Recommended,226860,17477402,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,raquelambersantiago,"After playing this game since release i am going to have to also go with the minority(but we know what we are talking about) on this and say do not buy until they add more content that the company is not going to charge u for  This game is just not worth the price unless half off.  Three scenarios for a game??  Come on Stardock use your brain.  I know i was expecting different campaigns for the different races or at least the major ones so to only have three campaigns for this game is a complete joke and then they will probably try to charge for them which makes it even less worth it.  There are however some pro's to this came, the ships, technology tree's, different races, planet control are all Pro's, however the major con far outweighs the pro.  Stardock if you are going to make a game then you make it in its entirety and not relase it until its ready whcih means actual campaigns.  Additionally, one of the campaigns cannot be completed at this time if you choose a certain ideology path of getting another hidden planet because it tends to spawn on a game point you need to bring down the Precursor and the dev's comment was this was unforeseen and will be fixed later.  Not a very good response.  The initital earth campain only has THREE full campaigns if you want anything else beyond that you have to pay which makes this a total scam.After further play time, my review is the same.  which is DNB (do not buy).  Stardock has failed to complete the original campaign and isntead after you pay full price for the original(still unfinished game) they are now creating downloadable contect which you have to pay for if you want to finish the game and this includes the original terran campaign.  All they are doing is trying to draw out more money from players after they paid full price for the original game.  If you get this game at 75% then its worth it because you will be spending the rest of that money on the DLC content they release over time to get more money.  What a scam."
,Recommended,226860,24197322,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,KingClinton,Great game with the only down side being the combat. If you enjoy auto-resolving combat in turn based games you will enjoy this game. 7.5/10
76561198019523864,Recommended,226860,21453398,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Astra Militarum,"The game is great if you can get over crashes that happen in late game, cause the AI keeps a ton of ships in one place if you cornered it to couple of planets and a very small area of influence so save very often late game."
76561198161676538,Recommended,226860,21186561,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,(O.W.N) seadragon,One of the best games i have played BBUUTTTT WTF the campain is way to shot we saved earth and than it ends come on give us more than that.
76561198002749422,Recommended,226860,31810954,Posted: 17 May,all,Deano,Good game with good detail
76561198155412153,Recommended,226860,23547060,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,AKPC,"had alot of fun playing, though if your playing on a weaker computer you reach a point where you can no longer progress without the game crashing because too much of the map is revealed and to many things are happening at once for it to handle, so im happy i got my upgraded computer so i can now properly play the game."
,Recommended,226860,23545932,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,warhound.maddmaxx,I love this game. It is a true improvement over it two predesisors and give me a game that I can really play for hours. 102 hours in and I just really getting started. The flexabilty to create and or modifiy races and ships is my favorite part. i am a old Civ player that start with Civ II and I still a lot of Civ V. This is a more satisfing game for space that the Civ  BE.
76561198011858597,Recommended,226860,23551796,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,skiraj,"Pretty good game. Almost identical to Gal Civ 2 however the graphics are must better in GC 3. I don't regret buying it, however I think I would have liked it more if GC 3 had been a little more different than GC2."
76561198074262194,Not Recommended,226860,25314890,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Flik the Changeling,I must say this game overall is very good. Dont get me wrong. I really like this game. I was even ok with the base price. And then the DLC invasion... Made price a bit not worth the product. But forget about the price for now. There are always some sales to wait forAI is really getting some sort of bonus even on normal as I wont belive that a race with 2 small poor planets was able to make so much ships in such a short time. I mean common. They would have to make 2 ships per turn from their only stardock. Unless Im still missing somethingMy biggest issue so far is with map editor DLC. There is no option to set WHO starts where. You can only set sure starting space for yourself and rest of AI will be placed randomly on planets you did set for AI. But you cant make starter systems for certian races. Example I made Warhammer factions go against MLP factions and Space Rangers Factions. I made them each a nice solar system just to learn that Warhammer guys started in Equestria. Space rangers in Terra and Princess Luna is making herself comfy in the planets of the 5 allied races cuz theres no way to set who goes where. I mean that should be a real basic option in this game. Especially if you had to pay for this editor extraOverall game is fun and addictive. Im only giving the game low score atm cuz of those 2 problems. Other than that I recommend it
76561198104270254,Recommended,226860,32176199,Posted: 4 June,all,eedwards68,"Now that I am over 1000 hours of playing the game I figured I should give it a review. Hey, I had to play it a bit to make sure it was a game I like.First off, I enjoy 4x games, be it sci fi, fantasy or through historic times. I have played most of the space based 4X games and Galactic Civ series has been one of my favorites.When GCIII came out I enjoyed the customize-able parts of the game. Crreating Civs and ships are a lot of fun to me.  The game play was good, as in other games. The AI was ok then... Post Crusade the game now seems to be one in which I really revel in.  The AI is much better, more ways to customize Civs... Overall a great game now.  Keep up the good work Stardock."
,Recommended,226860,32181344,Posted: 4 June,all,Galliam,Excellent game.
76561198027215946,Not Recommended,226860,17650558,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,adino32,"With a heavy heart I vote NO on this game.Not going to rehash what all the other reviews have put out there.  I just want to express my opinion in the hopes that the devs listen and improve the game.  I think with some work Gal Civ3 or maybe 3.5 could be really nice.  Maybe even Gal Civ4, but they have to impreove this game or they will lose a lot of supporters.Please rfix the AI.  The computer has to have a better colony build system.  When I take over a colony it is a mess.  I am not a programmer but is it really that hard to tell the computer to build farms next to each other?This about the only real comlaint I have.  I think this game is a great multi-player game.  It would take forever, but it would be a lot of fun.  What is not fun is PVE.  The AI is just so bad.Please fix."
76561198009330120,Recommended,226860,18486524,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Kleeve,"Nice balance - interesting options - easy to get started - excellent replayabilityOnly real issue I have is how oppressive the Starbase system is.   The need to constantly place and expand the starbases becomes repetitive in long, large games."
,Not Recommended,226860,17450051,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,eat1death,"So many bugs/glitches - first 20 minutes of play time 3 critical bugs, one that ""locked the game turns on wait"" indefinitely; when I tried to reload the game it crashed - infinite ideology point bug 2nd hour of play... its just very sloppy.I really have high hopes for the future of the game."
76561197973019279,Recommended,226860,30718213,Posted: 24 March,all,$ky~Elite,Love this game... very fun gameplay... runs smooth with very few crashes or bugs...
76561198017469594,Not Recommended,226860,18618215,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Shiniguro,"I regret buying this game. Why?(Firstly, not one image in the videos is from actual game footage. Do not be deceived. This game relies on marketing to sell it. If you knew what I knew, you would not buy this game as it is broken in terms of functioning code and game design).Ok, some points about my game experience:(you can check every point in the game and they are all factual events. My opinion is not fact but it reflects my observence of these facts in the game)1 - Crashes every 15-30 minutes on insane mode due to memory leaks. I know it's memory leaks because there are arrays being created but not deleted or reused. Too much data is being accumulated somewhere and it results in the game becoming increasingly slower and slower and finally crashing and instantly going to desktop and closes the game.You will have a new appreciation for saving your progress between autosaves when you have long periods of time per turn before the next auto-save. Especially if you just spent 20 minutes cleaning out obsolete units to try and help the game become faster.----------2 - The space battles look ok at first but after a while you'll notice that it looks like all the spaceships are controlled by drunk drivers who love nothing better than to fly around like a dead goldfish in a whirlpool. This happens as they get closer and the maker seems to have a bad sense of what looks acceptable.----------3 - Sound often crashes. To overcome this flaw in coding: the music must be turned off and then back on - don't ask me why but it fixes the sound error. Sometimes the game will become unresponsive but not crash and return to windows. When you can no longer interact with anything, just save your current game in a new slot and re-load your game.----------4 - Computer AI cheats. I have it's bases totally surrounded and it magically creates armies and bases out of nothing in the middle of nowhere. Then the AI will tell me it surrenders and yet I still have to kill it anyway. Don't know if this is a bug or the game designer has a twisted idea of the word 'surrender'. Seriously, cheating is a last ditch effort for programmers who cannot make adaptive AI.----------5 - the game should be fun but I found it more tedious than my previous job doing data entry of government records OR data entry for Toyota.Why would I say this? There are few shortcuts to do anything in the game. You cannot mass delete, mass rally to a location, or even mass select other than stacking and making a fleet. There are no checkboxes or CTRL+Select to make selective deletion possible.You have to do many things individually and honestly this game felt more like a horrible job except that I'm the one paying to do it.... The hotkeys mentioned online do not work in most cases. ""Y"" works for yes, the working hotkeys are visible in tooltips but the online suggestions mostly do not work.----------6 - Just when you thought you were moving a slider to look at ships in a list, the tooltip blocks most of the list so you cannot even see what you are looking at.----------7 - the icons on the minimap are single pixels. Yes, you heard correctly, single pixels!!! Get ready for purple dot units on a purple background for it's team color. THe minimap is so bad I wanted to vomit, eat my vomit, poop it out, eat it again and vomit it again. It will provide hours of frustration as you squint to see wtf you are looking at. Also ship icons in groupings are impossible to recognize because they are just reduced scale images of large pictures. This results in ""WTF is that?"" moments and you have to then open up another menu to see what is what.And I'm using a 24"" screen 1900x1200 and the minimap is still terrible. Same color for ships on same color for your area of control....so bad....high school art class FTW...----------8 - The production and rally points are so messy that you'll find half your army hidden in buildings that you never intended them to be in.----------9 - I make games for a living and so that's partly why I'm so critical. However the game does have it's promising moments but most likely you'll be forcing yourself to play because you paid 40~70 dollars depending on what country you live in. I paid 70 :(----------10 - The game just isn't fun at all - that's my final opinion after I completed an 'insane size map' that took me 20 hours+ (probably another 2 hours if I include the lost time due to crashes).---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Conclusion:----------Strategy:The only strategy really is to look at what weapons your enemy's ships have, what armor they have, and then choose the best rock, paper, scissor effect to win fights. The technology you choose should support how you want to play. Influence to steal bases, Friendly to win an alliance win, military to win fights and research to help you get an edge in whatever style you choose. Research alone will not win the game unless you choose that goal.----------Creativity:If you want to be creative in this game, you'll be very sad. The game has little opportunity for creativity and any startrek / starwars fetishes you have will be crushed when you see the ships floating like dead goldfish in a whirlpool. Yes, you can make spaceships with existing parts however the spaceships update so much and the game is so repetitive AND the battle scenes are so horrible that your art will be spat on by the current game design.----------Reward System:The main rule is that the inefficient player will lose to the AI. So your first few games will be hard but once you have those ""ah~~~I see "" moments where you realise how to beat the AI, you'll finish it easily but it will just take lots of time.Lack of patience is punished in this game.----------User Interface:Patience is also punished because this game makes you a full time data entry person thanks to a useless user interface (UI) which only caters for short games where the structure and unit count is smaller. When you have like 400 of these, the game's UI fails and just shows a blank screen beyond about 200 units in the list. Really helpful when the spaceship you want is at the bottom of the list and the filters don't move it to the top.----------Price and Music:Sorry to be critical but that's the way I am. I paid $70 for the game and I expected a $70 game but this seems more like a fancy prototype / alpha game. I wouldn't call it a beta because it was so buggy I really imagine the programmer to be inexperienced and not an eye for detail or design principles. Art is average but I'm very critical. Oh, and Music is AWFUL...thank goodness for 3rd party music players. Really, really depressing music with no passion in it.----------Closing Thoughts:Once again, sorry for being so critical but I earned that right when I paid $70 for a game that would have been fair if it was sold for $20~25Now when I read the following quote:""You must be running 64-bit Windows 7 or later to play Galactic Civilizations III. This requirement allows us to create the largest, most advanced, strategy game possible.""- I believe this translates into:""You need 64-bit because my coding is so bad that a 32 bit OS will fail very quickly because I can't clean arrays or debug my game. In other words, I'll break through my lack of coding skill by using your 64 OS to extend the life of my memory leaks.""----------Lesson Learned:I learned what kind of game design is less effective. This in turn helped me become a better game programmer. I'd avoid this game like the plague until the price comes down. Too late for me, can't be bothered reversing the transaction and having my Steam account limited until they work out why I reversed the bank transaction."
76561197998074831,Not Recommended,226860,23775615,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,zygrottwanger,Unstable.Very poor balance.Not a lot to do.
76561198063537876,Recommended,226860,24328984,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,bmacek,"Very good game, it takes alot of strategy and I would like to be able to controll the space battles myself, but it is still a really good game"
,Recommended,226860,25410927,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Dr Evyl,"I've been playing turn based galaxy building games for longer than I care to remember and the Galactic Civilization games have always been good, solid games.GC III is no exception. It might not be the most complicated of feature full but it's a good, fun game that provides an enjoyable experience. The single player campaign is a little bit basic but it's mainly a story led tutorial anyway.The cosmetic ship customisation system is one of the things that really make the GC games stand out. If you enjoy designing the look of your ships from scratch and choosing what researched technologies to squeeze onto them, you could go a lot worse than trying out GC III."
,Recommended,226860,25416956,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,hayseed,"While I have not played long enough to accurately comment on game balance, I have enjoyed the game so far.The learning curve is fairly hard but not anything unusual for a 4x game. The Ai so far has been pretty good for a 4x game and as shown no signs of obvious Ai hacks that plague other 4x games while still being chalanging. The visual artstyle is pleasing and the UI is well laid out.Another great feature is the ship design, though it is optional because of a set of self updating default ships. The ship design, which is one of the main reseons I bought the game, is fairly easy to use and for the most part works very well but has a few minor flaws. One of these flaws being that it can be hard to do precise placements with some of the tools but this doesn't cause too many issues. The one major flaw, and really the only problem I have had with the game, is that you can't edit a ships equipment without changing it visualy. This can make it tedious and slow to update your custom ships with new equipment without ruining how they look. That becomes a problem as you move further down the tech trees and get new equipment for your ships and obsolete your previous ones.Summary: Overall a great game but has a few flaws with the optional ship designer.8/10"
76561198030930476,Recommended,226860,26608261,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,mrbilljw2,"I have been playing this game for some time now. It's a very gripping game that you just want to play more and more. There are many different way to go about playing so you can enjoy playing it. i'm still learning some things. However, I enjoy playing it."
76561198076736718,Recommended,226860,26598073,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,mlkahnt,"I played Galactic Civilizations II extensively - GalCiv II on OS/2, back in the late 90s. Other than a bug with the financial field that was only a signed 16 bit number, restricting how large of a universe and civilization you could have without it breaking. I discussed it with the author, Brad Wardell, someone that I knew as fellow Usenet regulars on an OS/2 newsgroup. I knew about the Windows migration and have had Galactic Civilizations II on a couple Windows boxes, played extensively, and followed the development of this version.Like the WIndows version being a substantive interface update over what I knew on OS/2, this updates the interface, but also much of the underlying behaviour has been improved. I still recognise the personalities of the various species, but the AI is more complex and unlike the previous situation where you cannot assume that personality trends for a species would automatically continue. Maybe over time I will get to find trends that will let me gain an advantage, but this has moved from being what could be a familar time filler to now being a new challenge."
76561198019861286,Recommended,226860,21662637,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,copacetic12,"it's fun, but it's... klunky.  it's buggy as all hell, but if you can get it to not crash, you'll have a good time."
76561198135044564,Recommended,226860,26624097,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,markm,"I recommend the game. It needs some work yet, to be sure. But overall it's a fun game with a very large tech tree.Some of the work that needs to be done? Agressive races zerg quickly with volume of low tech. If you can survive that, then they are easily defeated. Micromanagement is onerous. Maybe an 'auto-build' feature would help. Overall positive."
76561198059500755,Recommended,226860,26701166,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Green Raven,"Still a bit lean on features, but an excellent 4x that will only get better."
,Recommended,226860,26670249,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Philoponus,"I liked it from the beginning and the recent updates did the game much good (improved AI, decent star base management). It's my favorite 4X game for some time now. I prefer it to Stellaris (which I also like)."
76561198302566207,Recommended,226860,29765923,Posted: 7 February,all,beaverw,"Fun game.  Have been playing it non-stop since I got it.  Had 2 files not validating that were causing a lot of crashes but after I read the WIKI and found out how to properly validate them, the automatic download repaired them after several trys.  No problems since the files were repaired."
76561198110610555,Recommended,226860,24296036,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,abess777,I highly recommend this game.  While it has an excellent diplomacy component it entirely lacks espionage.  The deep and well thought out history allows the campaign to play out well and brings the player into the universe.  That being said the custom race attempts to create to feel of a real race rather than just a bunch of stats.
76561198054079169,Recommended,226860,23317212,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,dmassiambard,"Is an awesome game though it still has some glitches that cause sudden crashes in the game, specially at later stages were you have lots of ships and bases.  Reminds me of master of orion."
76561198011544336,Recommended,226860,17331809,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Superhoops,This game is really good however I wish I could play custom factions with custom ship designs not the standard default ship templates
76561198056447826,Recommended,226860,17334215,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ken.dickson1,a brilliant game with never ending possibilities. having been a strategy player for many years i can say this game surpasses all others. the graphics are really good. A.I. has worked out how i play on different levels and different strategies. this is a game that keeps you interested and wanting more.
76561198030206659,Recommended,226860,17463239,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Wolfram184,"I've played since GalCiv2, and Stardock really got it right this time.  GalCiv2 was awesome but sometimes was heavy on potential and not on delivery.   They delivered here.  The race specific tech trees, using the combat viewer to optimize ship designs, good custom race designer, etc.   It's also way less buggy than even Twilight of the Arnor was, so that is refreshing.There are still some things (some bugginess, galaxy creator can be a bit weird, some aspects of the UI are a bit awkward, AI  can makes poor choices), but this is an amazingly deep and complete-feeling game."
76561198040373059,Recommended,226860,17477850,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Big Papi,"Ok game, basic premis is good."
76561198057760084,Recommended,226860,17485835,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,CrazyRussian,"At first the game is a bit rough around the edge's. there should be more tutorials that are better organized. Thank god for youtube. Once you get some key concepts down the game is downright fun and definetly has that ""Just one more turn"" feel."
76561197992946432,Recommended,226860,17523645,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Viz,"A few minor glitches that make you restart the game.  Otherwise, GREAT BUY!"
76561198037472239,Recommended,226860,17550373,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Barcan Classics,Its good for people who want to invest hours upon hours into a great immersive game.I created myself and couple friends and now we are fighting for galactic supremacy.10/10
76561198063979699,Recommended,226860,17553931,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,woodreaux,"GC3 is a solid step forward in 4X gaming. As of late summer 2015, the game has a few rough edges which could use polishing (sub-optimal path plotting while moving units and stale UI panel components are probably the biggest 2 for me right now). However, Stardock has released updates recently addressing other flaws, indicating this not EA style abandonmed-ware.Most importantly:  the fundamentals foundation of GC3 appears stout. At the risk of sounding like a fan-boy, my assessment is this is currently the premier turn based strategy game on the market. This game supports the requisite feature set and strategic warfare dynamics I expect out from this genre, which the forefunner competitor's latest generation of titles should have but do not.Kudos to Stardock for finding a working formula, sticking with it, and judiciously knowing how far to go with incremental evolution."
,Recommended,226860,17576085,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,IntensePorpoise,This is a great tangent from the Civilization series after disappointment in Beyond Earth/Starships.
76561198012072691,Recommended,226860,17591178,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,alexanderjholland,Excellent game I love Civilization and now I love galatic civilization
76561197965755521,Recommended,226860,17606879,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ICE Tech Priest,"This game like many other 4x games is very addictive. Its great fun and you always want to do just one more turn. The ship designer is very good and you can create just about any ship you have seen in sci-fi movies as well as design your own look. You can create and design your own race and decide what bonuses or penalties your race should have from a number of options.There are a few things that annoy me though. Diplomacy could use a bit more work. The AI has no respect for your borders. You can't destroy their ships inside your borders without declaring war. You can't warn the AI to stay out of your borders or demand that the AI remove a star base inside your borders the AI can however request that you remove yours inside their borders.While I really like the control you have and how much you can micro manage your empire this becomes a chore when you have say 25 or more planets. I would like to be able to make a template for the planets window where I set core buildings for an industrial planet, core buildings for a science planet, core buildings for economy planets and core buildings for a bread basket."
76561198044576156,Recommended,226860,17648368,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,dpatz46,"ABSOLUTELY NEEDS A HOT SEAT OPTION!!!!!Other than that I love it! Hopefully there can be a significant amount of game play added to the invasion part of the game play, even if it's just a graphic like the star battles.If Stardock wanted to make the game crazy insane they could give players control over the star battles somehow."
76561198077722726,Recommended,226860,17670325,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,GalaxE,"Completely and utterly happy with this game, everything Ive wanted."
76561198002805128,Recommended,226860,17679813,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Cactus,"Decent game but needs some balancing. Starrbases are horribly underpowered and weak with pitiful range. You can play games with the AI to keep them from destroying certain assest where a Human player would just ignore. There needs to be tactics settings when your ships goto battle, at least some interaction rather than just watching random outcomes. The tech tree is confusing at 1st, there needs to be a little more explination on the benifits and detriments to a particular choice, otherwise you have to figure it out by trial and error and the games can be long and you find out you made a poor choice 5 plus hours into a game. You cant have mutilpe parties picking the same race on a multiplayer skirmish, why ? You can't change you ship color or Icon or Profile picture. The game has great potential, Im supprised the simple issues I spoke about havent been addressed."
76561198034073843,Recommended,226860,17699656,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,vrod2005,fun and addicting need i say more.
76561197990940543,Recommended,226860,17733424,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,pyriel2005,"Great game with even greater potential. I've played GalCiv since the first game and I can say that this third installment is definitely a refinement of the series. I do miss the espionage feature, but I wouldn't be surprised if it returned later on in the form of a DLC or expansion. All in all if you enjoy the 4X genre, then I would definitely give this game a try."
,Recommended,226860,17781736,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,GRIMM,Love this game it puts a great spin on other civ platforms.
76561198030079723,Recommended,226860,17896534,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,itsbigbry,"Just one more Turn... almost 16 hrs straight ive been playing this game.  I dont rate Games a 10 but for me this one is coming close.  It is pretty freaking amazing,  Not only in its solid gameplay but Throw in  the ability to customize/create  opponents and design your own ships and you've got a winner.  If youve ever enjoyed 4x games youll love this one."
76561198084850952,Recommended,226860,17908414,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Shiro,an intresting space simulator on par with is forebarers
76561198073171573,Recommended,226860,17916572,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,mjlamb1968,Lots of improvements over earlier games.  Economy/governence is much easier to understand.  I have spent countless hours playing.  Would not mind a more robust campaign mode.
76561198052363188,Recommended,226860,17931627,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Raybone,"Buggy, I get a lot of crashes and hangs.  If you like GC then get it.  If not, wait for the price to drop."
76561198025783316,Recommended,226860,18007031,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,baconluver,Excellent game. One of the best. I love it.
76561198008253302,Recommended,226860,18064563,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Archos,Played all 3 and I like this one as well…  a must have for all TBS lovers. Civ5 got old. ;)
76561198116774543,Recommended,226860,18075944,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,chenier.corey,Galactic Civilizations is an all around good game. I would recommend picking it up during a sale.
76561198008773764,Recommended,226860,18110284,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Phantasm,"Missing some of the things I loved about GC 2  but the changes in AI are a welcome change, The ethic alignment could use work it seems unbalanced in harder diffculties but is fun to work your way through."
76561197994888510,Recommended,226860,18123133,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,crockettmatt,Some issues with labelling of structures and what they can do. Better battle viewing controls would be a great addition as the free camera is hard to control. But in general a fun game.
76561197961131458,Recommended,226860,18261168,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,-=Spy-Hunter=-,"Awesome 4X game!  While there are a few bugs to workout still, (I keep crashing on one of the choices that pops up randomly during the game for the evil choice to keep the 100% ship range to myself instead of sharing it.. it always crashes the game) most of the game is bug free and has that self awarding satisfaction of the time you put into it.  Early on I have found cultural influence building and selecting cultural ideals that you can when they pop-up might be a bit OP as you can take over worlds without firing a shot.  Later on in the game though once everyone catches up with the military, this of course could hurt you unless you know how to diplomat your way into getting others to fight for you ;)  How you go about your civilization though is up to you, victory or fail!"
76561198066230040,Recommended,226860,18265381,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,xantaris,"I love GC2, Love this game too."
76561198122296255,Recommended,226860,23203835,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Dr_Medicine1,Great game.
76561198018463460,Recommended,226860,15783775,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Pirx,Can´t write a review. Have to play.
,Recommended,226860,15791154,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,InsidiousDoomSquirrel,"its looking good, still work to be done but its not at a state its playable.if you liked gal civ 2 you should like this - and this one has a lot more of the ""one more turn"" feel that started with CIV series.ship editor is so cool. not to mention lots of extra little features, like you can go into a starbase and ""order"" construction ships, rather than having to micromanage dozens of constructors.also you can type /ai in the console which lets the AI play your race, so the game plays itself - cool to wach - well i think so anyway."
,Recommended,226860,17081166,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,DarthSmurfus,one of the best tbs games iv ever played
76561198030759811,Recommended,226860,17155708,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Chopper,"A lot like Civilization, but pretty good in its own right."
76561197998090856,Recommended,226860,17190478,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,gameangel1,"This is amazing. If you are a fan of GC2, man oh man, you should own this. A lot of people would say that this game doesn't innovate enough, and there may be some value to their opinion. This is basically the same game, putting in a new and interesting campaign, polished up with nice graphics, with extra layers put in. Adjacency bonuses are one of the few new things in the game, a simple addition, but the fact that it makes you think about the layout of each of your planets, tickles something in me. It is a big step up from OG GC2 though, maintaining most of the innovations from the completed effort of both expansion packs. So if you go into it expecting a groundbreaking new game, you will be disappointed. But if you are a fan of the game, and can appreciate a completely rebuilt engine, polishing up what you loved for 2015. This is the game for you. *Sidenote* I invested 100$ in the elite founders pack. I know something like this is always a risk, but I am willing to bet on the company that bought us dark avatar, and twilight of the arnor. So that's it. I hope that you are enjoying the game like I am."
,Recommended,226860,17228599,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Live Ma I,"An excellent successor to Galactic Civilizations II.  My only issue so far has been that the game will slow down to a crawl on very large maps after 500 or so turns, often taking 10 minutes or more for the AI to finish a single turn.  UPDATE: slowdown is no longer a huge issue.  It turns out that the bottleneck was my hard drive, so switching to a solid state drive sped up the game significantly.  Still no idea why there's so much disk I/O between turns, though."
76561198031026926,Recommended,226860,17237479,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Tritin,"Since the last patch, i havent ran into any of the glitches/crashes the game launched with. i do recommend this game."
76561198011733273,Recommended,226860,17243989,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,worm11110,Not a bad game.  good continuation of the series.
,Recommended,226860,17273420,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,E.C.I.D.,"pretty good game. Has become even better with  the steam workshop integration and the usage of player-made collections (Factions and corresponding Ships, sometimes even complete franchises)"
,Recommended,226860,17278804,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Micknator,"Fun addicting. Has a few small quirks and is missing some smaller features, this game still packs a whole lot and I would definitely recommend this game if you're a fan of the series/genre"
76561198052978669,Recommended,226860,17284770,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Segiroth,"A really nice 4X Strategy for once,  a rarity these days, great interface and ship designer, competent AI, economy on the simplistic side though. Great fun, but beware,  a very big ""1 more turn"" time sink."
76561198015068118,Recommended,226860,17332921,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,CrimsonWatch,"Great game and sequal to Galatic civilisations 2, this is a must have for space sci fi fans , the workshop is a bonus as you can show off your own designs and use other peoples. The fact the game lets you choose factors when generating a map and game is really great as for example i like doing insane map size which is much bigger than the biggest on Gal 2 thus making the game more unpredictable but more enjoyable."
76561198055592576,Recommended,226860,17452001,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,dresch604,An excellent turn-based strategy. Very clean simple game ui considering the depth of the game itself. The level of control over all aspects of the galaxy as well as many difficulties allows for extreme replayability. Also a story driven campain allows a chance to further engross yourself in the Galactic Civilization Universe deeping your desire to play.
76561198033104051,Recommended,226860,17473535,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Shyr Kahn,Opponent AI is fairly well done as is the ship design and Tech tree research functions.Dislike the lack the a continuing research option after everything has been discovered and an overall enemy like in other galactic strategy games.Would recommend the game however for anyone who enjoy the Master of Orion series though.
76561198021481738,Recommended,226860,17519679,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Almacht,"Awesome Franchise... One of my absolute favorite games by far.Bought it pre-beta the second it found out about it! Does not dissapoint. could use some tweaks and upgrades here and there, but nothing signifigant. overall I'd give it a 9.5/10.Easily the best space sim on the market. Lots of depth and customization ability, Plus great fan community!I reccomend this to anyone and everyone who loves simulators and space! ENJOY!"
76561198033725016,Recommended,226860,17519983,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Waromon,Very good game but still has a few performance issuses. it is very fun and addictive. will keep an eye on it.
76561198036295407,Recommended,226860,17551770,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,huntingdon1701,"Engrossing, with endless permutations. Campaign can be a bit bugged, but it's the least important part of the game."
76561198161370053,Recommended,226860,17560864,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,canucklehead73,"Well made game, still the same concept so there's not a lot to suprised you except some mechanics and small changes. I think they missed so much oppotunity with nebulas and radiation clouds for tactical defence. Very little overall storyline going on. Annoying ability of your CPU opponents to threaten you for various reasons and you cannot do the same, maybe that is their version of storyline?. Don't get me wrong still a decent game compared to whats out there...."
76561198024124614,Recommended,226860,17562802,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Finn MacCool,"Awesome game, highly reccommend."
76561198032260214,Recommended,226860,17572024,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,chewperman,I love it.
,Recommended,226860,17584215,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,>>Nyuu<< Miesha,Addicting as f*ck! I love it <3Though there are a good few spelling mistakes and a couple of slightly irritating minor bugs still in it. Nothing gamewrecking that I've encountered yet though. I'll give it 8/10 ^_^
,Recommended,226860,17584545,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,MixFix,"I Highly recomend this game.very deep and lengthy with many options of diversity.a little work needs to still be done on the a1,but i would think thats a work in progress."
76561198080629604,Recommended,226860,17594881,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,t_c_baldi,I like the game but a couplr of thing need to be add. Need star map of base location in screen when starbase/ship build pops up. When selct Shipyard build and no pleant it is a real problem to remove. Has fozen at couple of times mid game. Miss the music becoming fearful when things were starting to go aganst you. Had Cil 2 and brought 3 because I enjoyed the game. Still needs some refining but in saying that all in all still love the game.
76561198193245326,Recommended,226860,17615983,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,dnel07,"Great game love it!!! The major issue I have is I play it once a day when I get off work to unwind, and it freezes constantly at least once a day. That should be addressed immediately but other than that the game is amazing!"
76561198071129344,Recommended,226860,17640234,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,SizzlingBacon,finding planets is a kick below the belt
76561198058432895,Recommended,226860,17695581,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,dfjontarget,"If you are looking for a thoughtful game that can be played, saved, loaded another time, played, and put away for a while then this is a great choice.  The game is still being polished but most of the basic required game elements are in place to allow you to take this with you on the go, to play during a lunch break, or enjoy a lengthy hospital stay and not worry about falling asleep and waking up dead.  Again, not a flashy, frenzied, shoot ‘em up, but a thinking person’s game where early decisions and sacrifices can yield huge dividends in later game play."
76561198008519333,Recommended,226860,17701103,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,lionsonsaturn,"GalCiv 3 is a turn-based strategy game where you start off with three ships and a single planet and go on to explore and strive to prosper in a galaxy as immense and interesting as you choose to make it. It plays similar to Sid Meier's Civilization, but with so many controllable variables that you literally can set the features to only include what you enjoy and turn off whatever annoys you. Unless you just don't like turned based 4x games at all, it's pretty much impossible not to love this one.If you are a fan of the series, you will enjoy GC3 for the same reasons as its predecessors. It's very much the same game with a few new wrinkles and augmentations that fit comfortably into the formula and leave the core look and feel intact. In fact my one complaint about GalCiv 3 is that I was expecting, and hoping for, a more dramatic improvement in the production values. Apparently, most of the new features that made 64 bit processing a requirement for this game have to do with things like unbelievably large maps and not so much with making the experience seem more realistic and immersive in the course of normal play. It must be said that you get absolutely gorgeous detail (and excellent sound effects) when you zoom in tight on a ship, or a world, or even a star or junk planet. But you can't actually PLAY up close like that, and at the zoom level you'll have to use for everything but combat, GC3 still looks and feels like a 2D board game with 1990s graphics, with ships, planets, and resources reduced to crude icons and the overlay destroying the sense of being in outer space. That's heartbreaking when the components look so 3D, realistic, and beautiful close up.Speaking of combat -- as in previous GalCivs and even more so in this edition, the space battle graphics and sound are near motion picture quality, and in that sense aesthetically satisfying. I was disappointed however to find no improvement at all from GalCiv 2 in terms of the visual perspective you are provided from which to see this eye candy. If you choose the ""Cinematic"" setting, you'll see slick, wonderful pans, cuts, and strafing views similar to watching a movie, but as often as not they don't show the action you're interested in -- for instance, you might get a shot that revolves around the starbase you're attacking without showing any of your ships. The Top Down view is better from a tactical perspective, but it's not particularly immersive and if like me you design your spacecraft to look best in profile, as they are shown in every sci-fi movie, TV show, book cover, and derivative art form, watching them from straight overhead is unsatisfying. You'd think the ""Free"" view would provide whatever perspective you want to see, and it can -- but it's so cumbersome to adjust that by the time you line up the ship(s) you want to focus on at the angle that's most pleasing to look at, the fight is over. It should also be pointed out, if you don't already know, that GalCiv battles are spectate-only -- you design and deploy your ships with meticilous control, but during an actual battle you have no input whatsoever -- none. It would be nice to have some options such as focusing fire on a particular enemy ship or turning one of your damaged shields away from the line of fire, or even an option to attempt retreat if a fight is going badly. This is not as frustrating as it probably sounds, and probably some future GC rendition will experiment with limited battle control. For now though, it's completely hands-off.But these observations are offered for clarity only and in no way diminish my enthusiastic endorsement of this game. The GalCiv games are true classics -- a joy to play for any strategy gamer, and particularly if you're into the space setting. And, happily, GC3 doesn't do anything to screw that up. It's the best installment yet in terms of customization, and you can easily make it into a Star Trek game, or Star Wars, or Farscape, or Firefly, or any other Sci-Fi mythos you're into. Custom ships are fun and easy to create with the huge assortment of parts and the best design tools of any game ever, and putting Captain Picard or Han Solo at the helm in place of the game's stock characters is just a download away. I would like to see the series evolve into state of the art presentation at some point -- but in the mean time, I'll keep on playing GalCiv as one of my everpresent sandbox games just because it is so damned fun. It's got that 4x ""just one more turn"" appeal in spades, and its replayability is essentially without limit. If you're considering this game at all -- get it. You won't be sorry. :)"
,Recommended,226860,17702865,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,premitive1,"Lots of fun but it still needs work. I play single player and notice that various races try to contact me but only one actually gets through on top and once i've dealt with their request all others disappear.Other than that I'm still getting ot know the game, and expect to have more fun yet"
76561198013434550,Recommended,226860,17730180,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,odin.ste,Love it. Forget life play this.
76561198013381779,Recommended,226860,17786883,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,The Rockster,"It iws a very slow strategic game.  If you are in it for the long haul, this game may be for you.  If you are a cheap thrill seeker that downloads cheats from the internet to assist you.. maybe this game is not for u."
,Recommended,226860,17802658,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Heir,So far so good.  Keeps the GalCiv feel while improving on many of the mechanics.  I'll never get tired of desiging and building new ship types.
,Recommended,226860,17070311,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Gerhulintron,"Fantastic game! I love the kinds of decisions you are faced with in this kind of game. It would be great to have more of a capability to make it go easier on my computer's processing because it does get slow at times. I think the ship designer is not very newbie friendly and I'm finding it hard to ""unlock its potential"". Anyways I really can't stop playing this game it so good!"
76561197993542282,Recommended,226860,17077866,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,hanswurst1015,"While I understand that many long time GalCiv fans do not like this newest iteration, for me as a first timer it is very captivating."
76561198077787865,Recommended,226860,17157635,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,phildubreuil,"Very nice game, not a lot of bugs. A must for the 4x space strategy gamer!"
,Recommended,226860,17164444,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,That's Number Wang!,"""Warning: Players have beenknown to spend many hours inthe ship designer. Please besure to remember to stop to eat,sleep, and shower. Really, yourfamily will thank you for it.""That says it all doesn't it?"
,Recommended,226860,17211906,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,cphillips8300,great game!
76561198008517352,Recommended,226860,17236910,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Borillir,"This is a good game, not great but not horrible either.  I would not recommend playing a huge or immense galaxy map as once you have established a fim lead the rest of the game becomes tedious and repetative to reach your victory goal.  I wish that ship to ship combat was more strategic instead of watching the program act out the battle.  It would be fun to  have a turn by turn combat system, or at least some way of interacting during the battle.  Something like Sins of a Solar Galaxy, or similiar.  Other than that, it is a good game to play."
76561198028149144,Recommended,226860,17237397,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,shokkacon,I very much like the game.  I played Galactic Civil 2 for as long as I can remember never got tired of playing it either.  The only function I wish was put into the new game Civ 3 was the window that shows the unoccupied planets that you discover as you explore the map.  I would recommend this game and will tell every one I know it the best game i've played.
,Recommended,226860,17259266,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Telecino333,Absolutely awesome. I can't stop playing. The steam workshop additions are so good; made by pros. It thurned the game in a Mass Effect strategy game :)
,Recommended,226860,17277081,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Extremist_Pain,"its great, but it needs more content. MORE RACES! but it is wonderful and i suggest buying it."
76561198050245030,Recommended,226860,17285904,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Pabbsss,I love the game. Its a massive step up from the previous version and the up close details are amazing!
,Recommended,226860,17294808,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,BangdUrMom420Yolo,"Custom factions, custom ships, mod support and a company I have always enjoyed. Though i debated a silly review for humor sake, this game is just plain good."
76561198076395632,Recommended,226860,17459723,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,eegonzal1,It is a well designed and enjoyable game. Hours worth of entertainment
76561198002097404,Recommended,226860,17460445,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,blinkingape,Really great
76561198007519678,Recommended,226860,17476322,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,robhistory,I love this game
,Recommended,226860,17530764,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,wjones37,Priorities for updates seem weird.  I wish they would add more gameplay elements instead of things like support for 3d printing.  Not sure if patch 1.1 and 1.2 really needed to be considered a major patch.
76561198132483230,Recommended,226860,17530769,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,JaidKoenig,Great Game.
,Recommended,226860,17542784,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,hmb,Its good
76561197981908073,Recommended,226860,17550821,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,glacier1701,A good game overall though the latest dlc did bring a few logical flaws from the events (and some bad grammar). However I expect that these flaws will be corrected soon. Otherwise not much more to say other than it is well worth your time and money to play.
76561198062338961,Recommended,226860,17550878,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,mjk500,500 360 NO SCOPES
76561197973616730,Recommended,226860,17554533,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Laotar,Best GC yet.It looks beautiful.It plays beautifully.Can't recomend it enough.
76561198007573776,Recommended,226860,18249173,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,lord_porkchops,A really fun game and great concept. Could have better controls though.
76561198064818238,Recommended,226860,18256253,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,MorHavoc5,
76561198077585113,Recommended,226860,18263093,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ArcaneAnouki,"Used to like this game, until I started getting crashes on startup. I get through the initial load screen with the slaver monkeys facing the alien chicks and the game just self-destructs. Back to desktop. Verified game cache, five files were missing. Still crashed. Uninstalled. Reinstalled. Still crashed. Verified game cache, five files were missing, still crashed afterwards. This game worked a few months ago. I don't think I've done anything wrong. Definitely soured my experience."
76561198005365841,Recommended,226860,18282081,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,eaterofdead,its still pretty buggy so its kind of a huh
76561198088094894,Recommended,226860,18297262,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MisterBien,I love the depth of every layer of the game and the freedom to create your own choices. However the game is very buggy which is very irritating.. Let's hope this will be patched out soon.
76561198114898452,Recommended,226860,23747735,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,upwolfcreak,fun to play never lets me down
,Recommended,226860,23863426,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,robwalker88,"I absolutely love this game. The depth and customization of your race and ships are awesome. A large workshop community keeps fresh content, ships, and races available at all times. The colonization ""problems"" facing you every colonization keep things feeling fresh and involved (not actual problems, but issues you may face colonizing a new world).My only caution is that this games NEEDS memory. If you play on too large a map with the 6 Gig recommended, you may have a lock up. There is a LOT going on later in the game (tons of upgrades flying around, ships exploring, other races, etc., etc.,) and it will cause problems. This would be my only real ""complaint"" and it's understandable given the scope of some games you set up. Even then it's not so much a complaint but an FYI.I highly recommend this game. It reminds me a lot of Masters of Orion 2 and in many ways improved on it. Read some guides to learn the game as there is a LOT of information you need to know."
76561198125999096,Recommended,226860,15660089,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,rob212ert,"Game shuts down to often, is slow and tech takes to long to develop, ships need a new class faster"
76561198010202842,Recommended,226860,15669291,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,r_docter,"This game is great.With this game Stardock has realised a solid platform in the 4x genre which offers the opportunity to futher add content to make this universe even more alive, improve the AI to offer more challenges and allow modding for extra content and hours and hours of real gaming pleasure.Why?Mainly because of the grand scale of this game. You can play in immense galaxies where it will take hours to make first contact, or you can easily create a death match style arena where everyone grabs you by the throat at once.Even this beta version is already incredibly stable and vibrant. And I'm sure that tons of great additions can be expected over the course of time both user made and from the team.If you are looking for a real competitor and succesor to your childhood Master of Orion 2 experience this is the place to start!"
,Recommended,226860,15676543,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Booster Rex,"i like the new update and all , but the game crach some time when you do a invasion . Can you fix that."
76561198134179612,Recommended,226860,15678328,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,'\̵͇̿̿\з=( ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)=ε/̵͇̿̿/'̿̿,"Basically awesome. A little rough around the edges, but otherwise amazing in every way."
,Recommended,226860,15690351,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Chungo Beepis,"Prior to Beta 6 (pre May 2015) I was yelling inside my head with nerd rage ""Gah! So Alpha! why you not know what Alpha is! No way you'll make May 22nd release date, unpossible!"" but now I think they were playing sneaky beaks, because all of those features missing from prior releases (literally labelled as ""coming soon"")  magically appeared in the Beta 6 buikd,  and suddenly all the crashing stopped, GUI options worked and i could select gigantic maps without the galaxy builder exploding.  You beautiful skallywags, I should have had more faith!   Absolutely love it @ B6.1, can't wait to see campaign.Aside from that, this is essentially GalCiv2, but like Civilizations 3 to Civilizations 5, it's a pretty decent jump in quality and the tech tree... just get out....  The tech tree is a recursive hydra that will send you blind before you discover all of it's secrets.  I haven't clicked ""insane"" sized maps yet, but gigantic is pretty damned gigantic for a TBS hex map. I weep for the A*.Worth more than your coin, this is worth your life!"
76561197970505738,Recommended,226860,15693751,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Zudrick,is good
,Recommended,226860,15704815,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Ecksesive,"Kind of slow play style, but fun if your into the turn based games."
76561198069552863,Recommended,226860,15792076,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Randombody,"The Game is Tons of fun but beta has a load of bugs, which is to be expected but it crashes pretty often this is the only problem i had with it apart from that its so addictive and a great game!"
76561198030771747,Recommended,226860,15800137,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Efa,"I played the second game to death as soon as I purchased it, now it looks like I'll be doing the same with this one. I've only played a few hours so far, but I'm already hooked."
76561198097302570,Recommended,226860,15805566,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Baccolow,Good game that allows for many different stratagies. The ship battles are interesting to watch but controls to see at different angles I have had trobule with.
76561198034130102,Recommended,226860,15805628,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,calvinrobb3000,"i love this game , it just tends to get slower the longer you play like arount turn 100"
76561198005441130,Recommended,226860,15818608,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,slim31r,Very cool game. Lots of fun.
,Recommended,226860,15823376,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Scrub Tier Feeder,Takes galciv 2 and makes it better in many ways. With more ways to goodness incomming.
76561198030757565,Recommended,226860,17935875,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,jttann,Pretty good overalll. There are some balacing and AI issues though.
76561198027815490,Recommended,226860,18024883,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,dmcoib,"I've always been a fan of the Galactic Civ' universe.  GCIII is a solid revision of the classic.  Updates have been made to the program, so it isn't just a pretty remake.  Definitely recommend for those who enjoy strategic games."
,Recommended,226860,18035043,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,liam,"I played a lot of Galciv 2 so I had quite high expectations for Galciv 3, although it is early days in its life cycle, I feel that I can recommend this to fans of space strategy. I am looking forward to seeing this game flesh out. Very pleased with it so far."
76561198022727239,Recommended,226860,18079465,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,ssgt_nelson_jarrod,"I absolutely love this game.  I'll admit, I'm not a gamer who feels the need to min/max, etc.  I play the game for fun.  So that is why I enjoy this game.  Are some elements rather simple?  Sure.  Does it detract from the game?  No, it does not!"
76561197996651355,Recommended,226860,18119802,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,mondo80us,"It's an amazing game, lots of customization."
76561198182537710,Recommended,226860,18152045,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,johnmit3,Great game and even better a development staff that truly follows up with bugs! I was a player throughout BETA.
76561198034239552,Recommended,226860,17189216,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,sovrinone,Great game.  One of the only ones of this genre that actually has a campaign.
76561198006919561,Recommended,226860,17204757,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Dunkelzahn,Awesome 4x now even better with Steam workshop!
76561198048324103,Recommended,226860,17206285,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,scape,Great stuff. Love making massive ships and opping around.
76561198047889335,Recommended,226860,17209780,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,slmlees4,love it
76561197994743002,Recommended,226860,17211258,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,RabidGerbil,Love the game.  Patches with new (and requested by the community) features keep coming!
76561198072610572,Recommended,226860,17214847,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,adam.epica,beenplaying since I was on the beta. well worth the money and the years of waiting.
76561198020273194,Recommended,226860,17215609,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,smokeleopard,"Only played 50 hours so far but feels like I've only just begun. Having heaps of fun, bloodshot eyes and all..."
76561198002263258,Recommended,226860,17217033,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,hamster20017,Big improvement. It's a much more cerebral game...I think.
76561198042587102,Recommended,226860,17220729,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Old_Man_Mayhem,"Despite its flaws, its a amazing game. In line with all the structures of GalCiv II with serious improvements. And even with its flaws the support is responsive and keeps making the game better,"
76561197997651668,Recommended,226860,17225455,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,alexnode,"Nice update for the series,Pro1. Streamlined version of GalCiv 22. Enhanced ship designer - and automatic ship designs if you can't be bothered !3. If you liked the old game you will like the new mechanicns too ...Con1. Graphics are very similar with the old one , I wanted the galaxy to look different slicker more polished, (like elite dangerous universe) The planets the stars and the background needed to look much nicer than what they look now. ART was neglected big time, the graphic design the user experience design, the 3d graphics are not good. zooming in and out is not working well, the background images of the univerese are not looking good.2. Music theme is also very similar with the old one. which is a good thing to have some recognisible tunes but bad if it sounds exactly the same. ART was neglected a bit again.I played 60 hours already (one game )and it seems that i will play at least one more so the game is good fun. But i was expecting a bit more oomph from the graphic front ... especially the starmap and UI problems"
76561197993613578,Recommended,226860,17225631,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Tlaloc,"Great 4X game, simple enough for new players; closer to CIV V than most space 4X strategy games out there."
76561198034307201,Recommended,226860,17231625,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,BLOOD,was told by a squiral that i was trading with an infidel 10/10
76561197999942830,Recommended,226860,17233481,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Bocaan,since playing galactic civ 1 and 2 i have found galactic civ 3 to be a game worthy of the genre i myself have uploaded a few races and some ships and while i can say i have completed this game many times it can still keep me thinking about how to play this game as i always myself strive to make the most complex aliens possible XD but the truth of this game is the fact you can let your most evil desires form in the ship creator system plus the easy to understand XML coding of there directory files means you can edit or add in your own XML files at will out of 10 id give it a 8.5 out of 10 as when i played beta there was a cloaking device mentioned to be available but it seemed to be removed at the last minute grrrrrh what space game doesnt have a cloaky device there awesome! so this is why i took off 1.5 points sorry stardock but if you want my 1.5 points you just have to reinstate that cloaky device XD
76561198115566532,Recommended,226860,17241803,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,KangarooJack,"Love the customization and the roleplay elements in this game, playin with under the issue graphics and it still looks good!!!"
76561197970657335,Recommended,226860,17242703,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,WildBob,I like it
,Recommended,226860,17243057,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,django,"Yeah, it's better than MOO3, so there is that.Thanks StarDock for making it better."
76561198021880743,Recommended,226860,17243244,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Kenny,"Good sequel to the Galactic Civilization games.  Still needs and will likely get a little more polish.  If you liked the previous versions, you will likely enjoy this one."
,Recommended,226860,17244061,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,_Iceberg_,This wil drink hours of your life away faster than alcohol poisoning. Get it right now.
76561198020377804,Recommended,226860,17245488,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,rinedale,This GAME IS AWSOME!!!!!
76561198030994745,Recommended,226860,17248574,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Skyslamman,The game is fun.  The AI is a bit weak in the diplomacy section.  I would greatly appreciate more DLC from a skin scenario or additional races.A more linear indepth campaign would be good as well.  The present 3 game campaign is a bit short
,Recommended,226860,17255660,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,scottygray01,This game is a little bit on the addictive side. I just can't stop playing it. Although i hope at some point spying and espionage is put into the game
,Recommended,226860,17257313,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Sellisrev,"Great 4X game, very diversified tech tree requiring careful weighing of what you need and when. I've explored this game quite a bit and still I see myself getting back to this game in the future. Diplomacy and tech trading is important too, it's not just something you can ignore, so that's nice. Combat is simplified but the different weapon types and tech choices you have to make keep the tension on early on. Overall, I'd recommend this game without hesitation, and I should add that you don't need a total beast of a computer to play on pretty huge maps, the game remains stable and running smoothly.The one thing that could be improved is with (micro)managing planets. It works perfectly when you have 10 planets at the start of a game, but it gets annoying once you start conquering neighbours and terraforming your planets, and it's just a total pain when you're going for a conquest victory with 100+ planets. Maybe a macromanager for planets, beyond production / science / money levels, with a build order that could be customized and applied?"
76561197977691825,Recommended,226860,17260762,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Lovernot,You have to like turn based games and I wish they had more in the campaign but it's a good game.
76561198051516190,Recommended,226860,17261513,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Like a Boss,Awsome you get to conquer enemy civilizations with ease.
76561198036485516,Recommended,226860,17273816,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,CND777,Been playing Galactic civ since the 2nd one came out and it is by far the best space turn based strategy game out there. While i understand that some people might feel this 3rd one has taken some small steps back they have to remember that they are used to the 2nd one that has many updates and 3 expasion packs!! a great game this is and i cant wait for stardock to contine to add more to this awesome game.
76561198116384343,Recommended,226860,17276713,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,[E]OverLord78,Galatic Civalizations 3 presents much chalange to a Gamer
76561198033203732,Recommended,226860,17287586,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,a-tlantis,"Master of Orion I +II were great, Galactic Civilizations II was great but this game is fantastic! You have different ways to win the game and is funny to create your own shipstyles in the designer."
,Recommended,226860,17291380,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Trajan,It is a well-developed and thoughtful return to the genre pioneered by the Masters of Orion and original Galactic Civilization IP's.
76561197975336089,Recommended,226860,17294088,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,roke,A little too slow to be really fun.
76561198173681313,Recommended,226860,17297193,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,jimbob1953,"good game, still somewhat buggy."
76561198002449094,Recommended,226860,17309310,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,lochnivar1961,Excellent just plain so much better than any other Galactic Civilization before.
76561198118389816,Recommended,226860,17452017,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Panzerjager Elefant,give it an 8. love the custom builders yeah son lol
76561198032087121,Recommended,226860,17454381,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,t0peters,A well balanaced game
,Recommended,226860,17455381,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Kalitree,"Continues on quite well from its predecessors. The previous GalCiv 1 and 2 would tend to crash quite often, no such issues with this release"
,Recommended,226860,17462809,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Wixit,Excellent game!
,Recommended,226860,17465648,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Sporkmonger,"First off, I'm still upset about how the Early Access pricing was handled for GalCiv3. Not cool StarDock, not cool.That said, game's out of early access and it's decent. It's a decidedly better-than-average 4X game, and the best of the GalCiv series so far in my opinion. It's worth your money now that it sells for a sane price.The strategic elements are pretty well polished, though I have some late game quibbles with the auto-commands. In particular, there's a critical absence of any kind of patrol command which leaves you micromanaging fleets to chase down small ships. There's also some major balance issues with sensor ships. (You can load a single ship's entire mass with sensors, park it at a star base, and have complete sensor omniscience for the rest of the game for the low, low cost of a single non-combat ship.)The ship designer is a little awkward in spots, with controls reversing depending on camera orientation and other annoying quirks, but it allows for a lot of creativity. The workshop is full of stuff pulled from other universes, which I personally don't like, but that's sci-fi games for you. All anyone thinks to make are Star Destroyers and the Enterprise.In a nutshell, there are better 4X games out there, but this one's not a bad one, particularly if it's on sale or if they get around to fixing balance and bugs."
76561198031194550,Recommended,226860,17473410,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Xyqueum,Excellent game.  I highly recommend buying this game at any price; you will be well rewarded. I will list some of the more interesting pros of this game.1.  Tech research: The game breaks the tech tree into 3 ages. In order to advance from one age to another the player has to complete a significant amount of research in all the tech trees of the current era. You might be a able to race to the end of the military related techs of the current age but you will not be able to advance to the next age in military techs until you have done about 85% of all the techs of that age.2.  Map size:  On its largest scales I have never seen a game map with larger maps.3.  Ship customization: This game allows you the player to make your ships as complex looking or not depending on your desire to express your creativity.  I for one like to make simple custom changes and then I just want to add components wherever they will fit.  This game will satisfy everyones desire to create complex designs.4.  AI:  At its higher settings this game will give you a serious run for your money.Buy this game and play it.
76561198008489223,Recommended,226860,17512405,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Chimera,"Great game, a lot of great improvements from Gal Civ II."
76561198032122230,Recommended,226860,17512690,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Sylverdyne,"It's the classig spave 4x, updated to reasonably modern stardard.  An incremental improvement over it's predecessors, rather then anything revolutionary, but it's still solid."
,Recommended,226860,17512800,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,jspolar1973,"Amazing Game! From the customization to the replayability, this game is my favorite 4x game that Iv'e played before. But I feel like the power rankings are a little off."
,Recommended,226860,17528558,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,drewdanielross,"Although I do recommend this game, being a vetran of the civs games.. It has a ton of bugs and the AI needs a serious overhaul, in many ways.  There could be 3 new difficulties between normal and gifted, it has that large of a disparity.  Besides that, it should be implemented in some way the possibility to simultaneously move in multiplayer.  The game would move at double the pace and as it stands right now, multiplayer is way too slow."
76561198047501064,Recommended,226860,17539879,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Josnap,"Fun game, very  in depth. Ship builder is very cool. Playing on largest map size with random everything is like playing a never ending startrek movie."
76561198031569541,Recommended,226860,17539919,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Sheenfaced,"Turn Based Empire Building, this has left me with hours of cursing plotting tinkering laughing entertainment.Plus I like building spaceships and smashing them into each other.It's a bit roughed out for AI interactions, but the AI when cranked up is unpredictable enough to leave it fun for me, plus now the multiplayer is working, I have a game that's got ~40+ hours of play with some friends and that's where all the backstabby murderlaser, you built a WHAT?, magic happens.Enjoy folks"
76561197972378209,Recommended,226860,17542653,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,sevvir1,"The game is fun and fairly well thought out. A few minor issues at first but many have been addressed since launch. I like it and enjoy my time with it. Better than than the majority of crap that gets pushed my way these days. all said and done I""ld buy it again today. A solid 8.5."
76561198031213231,Recommended,226860,17545523,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,icarus40,"Great Beginning! But doesn't feel finished. It doesn't have the sophistication of the interface of previous GV versions, Also, pretty buggy. Battle outcomes are changed after returning  to Galaxy Map. Game freezes with turn button. Buggier as game progresses"
76561198055466160,Recommended,226860,17546285,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,alex the zombie lord.,this game is amazing the best 4x iv ever played. its very fluid and chalanging but filled with beuty.
76561197972509831,Recommended,226860,17551139,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Walter Jennings,Great improvement on GalCiv 2. Loads of fun and looking forward to more content!
76561198025535733,Recommended,226860,17552324,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,koty10,Great 4x game. Better than CivBE.
,Recommended,226860,17552488,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Purves,"4X on an epic scale. If your machine can handle epic workshop ships too, BONUS."
76561198025551064,Recommended,226860,17559735,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,pattenam,"Really good game and very customizable.  At least as good as the earlier two game.  In fact, I'd say it's better.  There are a lot of options to customize your game and it does a good job of getting you to want to play ""one more turn""."
,Recommended,226860,17560183,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Merciless Moses,Got to love playing vicious little space squirrels set on xenocide.
76561198031919217,Recommended,226860,17566253,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Ferrousity,"The one thing this has over the new civ 5 and 6 releases is despite being forced to use hexs, you are allowed to at least add more than one unit on the same hex. I have built a fleet of five ships so far travelling on the same hex. Civ is so boring now as you are forced to move around your own and enemy units to attack. The major downside at the moment is the game has bugs. I have had 3 crashes so far and they seem to occur after adding more than 4-5 civs on a small map. Further the ideologies have spelling errors as if the game has been rushed through production. The battles are lacklustre compared to sins of a se, however they are sometimes cool to watch if not a little predictable. Some sort of political ideology mechanics like alpha centauri would give greater freedom and make the game more engaging as like most modern dumbed down games it can feel as if your just along for the ride sometimes."
76561197963031493,Recommended,226860,17573378,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Buckfast Commando,great gamejust fix the broken alliance
,Recommended,226860,17588064,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,morman620570,Great game!  I've been following Galactic Civilizations since the first one and they've all been good strategy games.  My only wish is that there were more custom faction creation content included as one of the best things about the game in my humble opinion is the ability to customise your ships and faction.  But overall a stunningly well done addition.
76561198012528970,Recommended,226860,17604505,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Smilinglyer,"Pretty fun, massive map makes the game last a while."
76561198041352899,Recommended,226860,17623080,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,sarge351,"Great game to play. Very fun and doesn't get old. Campaign is great to play, just wish it was a little longer. The only downside that i can think of for this game is the DLC."
76561198032227558,Recommended,226860,17631530,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,tekroadrunner,AWSOME and getting better what else is there to say
76561198072785218,Recommended,226860,17634160,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Eagle2552,"One of my most favorite strategy games. Ship customization, race customization, planetery management, entertaining combat, diplomacy, it's just a great turn based game. I do miss a few features from civ 2 like espionage, but overall the game is a huge step up."
76561198071014756,Recommended,226860,17634867,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Barbiter,"it gets better and better the more you understand the mechanics of the game, easily one of the best 4Xs I've ever played."
76561198141671038,Recommended,226860,17638124,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,InferiorCube11,This game is fun for everyone who loves space!
76561198015053890,Recommended,226860,17638523,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,troy.albuck,"This game has evolved rather nicely, while still retaining some of the original flavor and humor. Keep getting better and I will keep buying. Thanks."
76561198009148789,Recommended,226860,17646621,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,MTB,"Nice game, lots of depth. On my system, after a few hours of playing a Crash To Desktop. Every single time I play. But nowadays 'after a few hours of playing' is kind of praise."
,Recommended,226860,17661385,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,enannanjary,So many planets to colonize!
76561198040332460,Recommended,226860,17662879,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Abstractpurpose,First off id like to mention iwish there was more to the diplomacy. That a small gripe and another somewhat bigger issue is wishing theyd put more time into making the battle animations better. No games like this have gotten the amazing battle scenes right yet but anyways the rest of the game is fun. Its pretty simple and id like a map that isnt just flat so you felt like you were really in space but its a 4x game so its what its supposed to be and it does a pretty good job at i sure there are things that could be cleaned up and mde to look better or take less turns to do but overall this game is alot of fun.
,Recommended,226860,17674060,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Basweegen,New to the series. But have to say I enjoy it alot. I find it very interesting that they put some humor in the game with some of the other NPCs in the game and minor NPCs. If you like 4x games then you should look into this game.
76561197983880256,Recommended,226860,17680574,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,paldinar,Very interesting game. I don't think i have seen anything close to this good for real time strategy in space since Masters of Orion. I would recommend a couple reads on the forums on good starting strategies before diving deep into a game. A couple mistakes can really set you back.
76561197997095216,Recommended,226860,32176626,Posted: 4 June,all,Vance Renadi,"This or Star Ruler 2 are probably my favorite space 4x game, I love the limitations on logistics and movement range that make it seem like you actually are building an empire."
76561198031756296,Recommended,226860,32166913,Posted: 3 June,all,Makzimia,I admit to not having played the game much yet. I have however played older similar games so I know how it goes. So far I have not been able to get very far into the game due to it freezing on me. I am hoping the 2 times this has happened are isolated incidents. Overall it's a very well fleshed out game. It does need a lot of attention paid to the tech tree to succeed. You do also need to know how the AI is working in the background with conditions you allow in the settings.
76561198051357087,Recommended,226860,15686482,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,baddicus,"I've been playing stardock Cal Civ games since the first incarnation of the series. Cal Civ 3 is the best of all three versions.This game can only improve when the devs release the planed DLC's and upgrades.I'm looking forward to the improvements coming in Upgrade 1.40After they removed the wheel, the community asked to have it reinstalled, Stardock listened and brought it back. This game  =10 of 10They just added all the old terran ship styles from Cal Civ 2 w/updated graphics, this game just got better for free with the 1.82 Update.This game is one of the best 4x games of all time IMO. Even the developers are not satisifed with it and are striving to improve it.With the addition of Crusade this game has become the best 4x game in history  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME"
76561197994617113,Not Recommended,226860,18803075,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Krano88,"Thre are definitly parts of this game I enjoy emensly but there are others that make this a struggle to play, particullarly the longer the game goes on.My biggest complaint is the level of micormanagement that is NECCESSARY in order to play this game. There are several things in the games that *should* releive the level of micromanagement, but they don't work how you would like. There is a global production governence that allows you to drive your indistry, but having one item for your entire empire makes things difficult. if you are primarily working on research, newer planets suffer when they could be building up their infrastructure, and provide fulfilling help to the empire, but instead being on the global governence they will contribute a pitence of research and almost never build up their infristructure. prior to 1.4 each planet could have its own governence but this became a nightmare of micromanagement when you had a large number of planets. they created an interesing  ""in-between"" that allows you to divirert things but in my opinion it is not enough to help balence things where they were before.The game has the ability to rely on the provided ai to assist with some of the micomanagement, however the AI is horible. It builds things almost at random, and the ship designs are just as worse.Last complaint is the space stations. it takes roughly 35 constor modules to fully build up a space station. the AI will only create constructors with only one construcotor modules, but with some work ones with 10+ modules can be created but it requires you to specifically send them roughout the univers instead of using the ""oh so conviennt"" request constructor button, which only uses the base constuctor. So instead of creating 2 ships for a fully build base it requires the 35.These are my biggest complaints. Overall though I enjoy the game as it is nice and relaxing. I just hate the 10 minutes I spend every turn directing my ships and orginizing my planets. If they can fix these things I will change my review but overall I give it an (7/10)."
76561198030652146,Recommended,226860,21000031,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,T4N0S,"Super fun, takes a bit to understand, but once you know how to play you'll have a blast"
,Not Recommended,226860,18333087,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,evanbige77,Finish a game before trying to charge people for DLC and I might give it a thumbs up.  Seriously what are companies thinking now days.
76561198031048505,Recommended,226860,20919174,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,leonstephens,"Been playing this for a while now - as a turn based startegy game I think it's great. Several different ways to play, the recent event packs make it a little more interesting too. Basically, Civ 5 in space for me. sorted."
76561198068578646,Recommended,226860,20735545,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Imperator,"This is a good game the UI is easy to navigate, the AI is fairly smart and the game has a short but interesting campaign.Gameplay wise, alliances need a bit of work.That said the game does have some issues, on the larger maps if you don't have a powerful rig then you're in for lots of waiting as the game will lag a fair bit, to avoid this id say large maps a perfect for scale and fram rates. The only bug i've come across is that sometimes it will crash during ai turns so your next turn will never start, no worries though the game autosaves at the start of each turn."
,Recommended,226860,24025698,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kain,"I normally dislike strategy games because they tend to actually be ""rush troops and kill your neighbour AI/player"". But in this game, diplomacy actually works well and I can place in a slower pace. Overall faction creation, ships, combat, diplomacy are very good. 8/10"
,Recommended,226860,23257554,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,monsieursanthosh2,Really nice customization options. Fun to play wish there was more campaigns with different races
,Not Recommended,226860,23260600,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,szopaw,"I liked GalCiv 1&2. GalCiv 1 is what got me into space 4X in the first place. But since then, I have played better 4X games that either (like Distant Worlds or Space Empires).That said, Galactic Civilisations 3 is inferior to GalCiv 1 and/or 2.I thought I just sucked at the game, but I looked it up and it turned out to be an actual problem: You cannot play as a pacifist without bending game rules on how it calculates military strength (protip: It counts the attack score of your ships and ONLY that. So you can have a smaller invincible fleet and inmpenetrable defences, and be considered ""weak"").The AI is stupidly aggressive. As one person put it aptly ""they behave more like 5yolds when you touched thier sandcastle than world leaders"".Not to say the AI is good at waging war. It's utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ It barely ever attacks after declaring war, it doesn't comprehend invasions. But it WILL declare war, often a few turns after you meet it.The main reason for that is a silly number of negative multipliers: It doesn't like your idealology. You are weak. You are ripe for conqest. (Yes, those are two separate negative multipliers that mean the same thing). Alternatively they ""Are concerned by your military buildup"". You rejected their request for a handout. They will hate you for sharing a border. Etc, Etc.Basically, the AI doesn't just stay neutral. It will hate you whether you have a strong military or not. They will hate you for every time you reject their begging, which comes often. They will absolutely hate you when they send a ship into YOUR territory to colonize a planet which first makes you share a border and then culture-flip. The only thing you can do to alleviate that is to shower them with gifts.Another major issue is how barebones it is. Your economy is controlled with a triangle slider between Research, Money and Manufacturing. Then there's a slider between colony manufacturing (social) and ship building (military). That's it. You have no more control. There's no espionage either.All in all, none of the problems make the game unplayable. Sure, you can play. You'll win. But only if you play the game in a very specific way. And for a 4X game, that's a crime.Considering that you can get Space Empires IV Deluxe for £5.99, this game is not a good buy even on a sale. I got it for £10 and I'm not satisfied with the result."
76561198014525621,Recommended,226860,18091970,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,dsn-,Feels like Civ5++ with much more stuff ... . Probably the best turnt based stratagy  ...
76561198033858135,Recommended,226860,18123287,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Sprak88,"Great Game,  BIGGER than HUGE maps, it's mind boggling, I tell you.  This is a huge time burner.  If you want a very complex 4X game that is fairly easy to learn, get this!"
76561198067280335,Recommended,226860,18212805,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Malace,Great turn based Civ like game. If you like CIV and Space worth the pickup.
76561198023449806,Recommended,226860,18266319,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,pdxdogg,great game will suck you in
,Recommended,226860,18274764,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Gaiyamato,"Ok, there are some negative reviews, and their issues are not wrong. On large maps the game rapidly becomes clunky and very time consuming. Micro-management of every little issue can bog turns down a bit if you are a bit of a perfectionist.I play games to have fun however. So I just build whatever I need to keep my empire going and tweak it as I go along. That means I don't get bogged down. I would probably be thrashed in a multiplayer by an optimiser. However my turns take 5 minutes as opposed to their half hour turns and I am having more fun. ^_^A nice big, heavily detailed turn based sci-fi strategy game with excellent race customisation, good ship construction, nicely sized tech trees and the possibility for galaxy maps that feel like they are an actual galaxy. The game does not lag too badly even on the largest maps. The automated battles run pretty well and look fantastic!I like this game quite a bit and would recommend it. The $50 price tag is a little too high and yes, it crashes sometimes (in particular when generating a new map it will sometime CTD). The UI does take a lot of clicking back and forward when fiddling with production and taxation settings.However if you are patient it is worth it. :)Check it out. :D"
76561198063890433,Recommended,226860,18276436,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Mr. Blonde,Very good game!
76561198003920365,Recommended,226860,18276587,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,mr.flavin,Great game! Could do with more faction specific research etc but a very enjoyable game
76561198032826064,Recommended,226860,18278088,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,pander9,Love the game....but there are still some bugs that need to be worked out by Stardock.  Well worth the $$$$.
,Recommended,226860,18286004,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"Say goodbye to your time, your life. One of the biggest ""one more turn"" games, I've missed meals due to losing complete track of time while playing this game. Enjoy"
76561198112678888,Recommended,226860,18329056,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,jacobakis,"Thumbs up although it feels like the game is not yet completed.There is something with the DNA of the game that makes all Galciv series addictive, but never the less this release has some issues yet to be resolved and definitely there is a lot of room for improvement. Just a few cons that come randomly in my mind:1. The game consumes a lot of a system's resources making it “unpleasant” to run for your computer, especially if it is a couple of generations behind (Even with quad core SPU, 8Gig of memory and an GTX 550 GPU). Personal experience in first boot of the game started with a crash on desktop, not the best way for a “first contact”...2. You just cant get some info at a simple glimpse like you did with its precursor. For example you have to hover the cursor over a selected unit to see it's movement info which is not displayed in the left bottom corner of the unit dialog box.3. Ship types in the designer and the shipyard are sorted by default in a way that it is not helpful. An ability to sort theme out via attributes (especially by hull size) and keep things organized is not possible.4. One should expect to see some features of previous galsiv releases be improved and new ones added. But the ones added do not make such a great impact in the game and unfortunately others have been removed or simplified (e.g politics).5. Research, well for the standard of a game at such a level, is surprisingly poor(!) especially for one that inevitably makes comparisons with Galsiv II. It is shallow and generalized and even though the science screen in a first glimpse looks nice and developed with new features, some things are poorly designed (e.g the tech tree where you can't zoom in and out).6. Surely the game is well polished especially with it's graphics, sound, artwork, etc... but maybe over polished on how it is presented and missing the essence.In the other hand the AI of the game seems to be smart and quiet challenging even in normal difficulty mode. Ship designer is great and really exciting. But most of all the game has character and personality which is the timeless quality that distinguishes all galsiv series from the competition.Summing it up; Is it worth buying it? Well, if you are a newbie in space 4X games then go for Galsiv II which even though is older, still is way ahead in the competition (and guess it will stay for a long time). However get it if you find it in a special price. If you have experience in this genre of games and you have devoted some gameplay hours in the galsiv franchise but you are sort of a hypochondriac person then don't. Just wait some time until the devs do what they have to do and improve things with future updates (which thankfully are frequent). And finally, if you are a strategy game addict and space 4X junkie (like me) than it is a must!Update_Jan_2016Some new updates have been released since I bought the game. The result is less sleeping, less work and more wife nagging ... so I guess that the game is on the right track !"
76561198030871925,Recommended,226860,23191602,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Daigotsu,"A fun game that is almost unbelievably buggy.  Pretty good, assuming you can go more than 20 minutes without a screen scrolling bug or without a fatal crash."
,Recommended,226860,23207085,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,AeonOfTime,"Ohhh yes. More of the same is just fine by me. With better graphics (always nice), a ship designer that qualifies as an early 3D modeling software suite (assuming total control, yay!), more planets to settle (I call dibs on the jewel of the universe!), and gazillions of technologies to research (Universal translator? Nah, funnier without).Oh, and the drengin are still annoying as hell, true to their nature.Incidentally, gotta cut this short, I have some drengin to fry.One more turn!"
,Recommended,226860,23801065,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,RoboticREX,"Fans of previous galactic civilization games will find this game familiar. The game has a smoother and more refined look than its predecessors, but its control is similar.Start as a single planet, explore, colonize new planets, meet new races doing the same. Victory conditions include conquest/diplomacy/influence/science/ascendancy. The game has predesigned ships, but you can completely design your own (graphic as well as parts). Thousands of mods available. Galaxies are customizable in terms of size (tiny with dozens of stars to insane with ? thousands), variable amounts of races (2 to 100)/black holes/stars/good&bad planets/anomalies/pirates.Your own race can be one of the stock races or completely customizable. Also comes with a campaign mode, and other games can be played single player or multiplayer. Highly recommended!SOLID 10/10 game!"
76561198089292297,Recommended,226860,23845208,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tomarty,Best game ever!
76561198031245011,Recommended,226860,23845412,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Death's Hand,"by far this is the best one yet, the dlc-s are worth it once you really get into this game,  i noticed  the game glitches after a few hours,  Ai takes forever on  a turn or an idle  fleet  cannot be selected anymore and you are stuck  until you save then reload game, other than that this is the gold standard and much better than 2,  the one thing is they should make is a ground warfare animation  like they did in 2. other than that, this is great"
76561198122959143,Recommended,226860,23871978,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,colin.locke,realy good game
76561198030457472,Recommended,226860,23873180,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,scoot-1224,"If you played the second one, It is basicly the same thing but brushed up and spiffy. I didn't have any bugs or glitches. If notyour comming back too the franshise and you are not sure what to expect. it is a turn based open space style. so no choke points or limited shipping lane kinda thing. it can get interesting dealing with logistics and trying to secure space, but that is the draw to me. I havent played around with the game type's and victory conditions very much but the AI seems to be pychopaths for the most part. you need a strong military. But i think these things can be tweeked and you can create the game experince you desire and its a game you could spend hours playing"
,Recommended,226860,21163415,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,leonitus_magnum,Get the game play it for yourself. Stop reading reviews. Its a Reasonable game for it price. Like its prequals its worth the value of when you buy it. It is a good game.
76561198031745496,Recommended,226860,21066672,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,guillaume.cloutier,Very cool game from a Civilization IV lover
76561198003135351,Not Recommended,226860,20704394,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Wallspot,"I have been playing strategy games since SSI's green screen games on Apple IIe's.  I have played lots, and one stand out as a great besides the Civ line was Master of Orion 2.  I had never played a Galactic Civ. game until III, but after reading about it  thought I would give it a try.  The game delivers on many levels just as discribed, but it has a few things that make it so I no longer have any interest in firing it back up.A. The scope and scale of the wide open expanse and lack of any sort of control  for  avenue of approch  makes this  a serious cludge once a game with  > a small map gets going, it eventully becomes a logistical nightmare.  MOO 2 had this right with the space lane avenues of approch allowing you to build strong points. Which brings me to the next point.B. Space stations beyond their spicifc role are next to worthless, especially when it comes to investing in defenses.What a waste of resources this is except for the very beginng of the game. Even when maxed out they are , what, on par with a large or very large hull for capability? Not only that but enemy fleets can choose to move right past them and go for a planet no mater what is built on the station. But should they decide they didn't want it around most likely 2 or 3 ships in a mid to later stage of the game could take it out no matter what you invested in it.  So I ask what's the point in spending anything on them beyond base role and  role enhancements, maybe scanners.  Worthless...  These things should be death stars, they are friggen space stations! They should also be strong points for  areas of control that actually participate beyond the bonuses of what the Military ones do.C. The border except as a reflection of influence is a joke, the other civs love to come park at your assets and sit and stare at them like their at a drive in movie.  This always seems an eventual prelude to going to war sooner or later. But I have to ask what good is a border?  They should have taken a few notes from Civ 5 here where borders are borders until war is decalred. Or at least have some sort of real negative impact for violating a border with no decleration of war.There are a few other things like persistent AI interection for really stupid trade proposals and threats but the first twofor me are the show stoppers. At least in Civ 5 you have good logisitcal and geographic control even on large maps.Enough said, I am waiting for MOO4 to be relased."
76561198054119568,Recommended,226860,31708855,Posted: 12 May,all,inuyasha2730,"This game is worth every penny. The mod support is fantastic and the creators of this game have always been working hard to make sure the game runs smoothly and fix anything. I bought this when it was in alpha long ago and i didnt know it would get this good. If you like civilization but in space with your beloved themes or tv shows, just get this game. Star trek, star wars, babalon 5 and ext."
76561198073409622,Recommended,226860,15741183,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Pandemic,"Edit Aug 2017. This game has gotten alot of love since launch. I prefer crusade over vanilla, but the ai and trade enhancements are getting patched into vanilla. This dedication to their games is why I never worry about buying stardock games. If you like 4x, get crusade, its fantastic. Get this on sale if you dont want to take the plunge for the full package. This game is still tons of fun.EDIT (1.7 Beta): The biggest gripe I had with this game was the constructor spam late game. With 1.7 this has been mostly resolved, to a point where I will actually play larger maps with more resources and planets. The recent expansion was average, but what makes this game shine is the constant flow of free patches it gets, like 1.7 which completely overhauled the starbase construction mechanics. I thought this game was great on launch, and  it has just been getting better. I am sure once all patches and expansions are done, this will be the gold standard of space 4x without any question.Original Early Access Review:I just love this game. Its got the soul of Gal Civ 2 ontop of modern technology such as real 64 bit support, hex's, pretty flashes, HD textures and a whole lot of future promise. Based on Stardocks track record, this game will get a few expansions and lots of dlc. So it will just keep getting better and better.Currently with Beta 6, RAM usage is fantastic at 2.5GB for me. Turn time is quick. The previous crashing bugs have mostly been resolved. It feels complete, just needs the campaign coming May 14.Just buy it!"
76561198006737221,Recommended,226860,24326649,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Jonny Ridden,"A compelling, deep, and fun game.  I recommend it for anyone who enjoys the 4x genre."
,Not Recommended,226860,24087907,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Salty Toast | MTU,Its♥♥♥♥♥
76561198028429836,Recommended,226860,19203994,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,gwwak,"A good follow up to Gal Civ 2 with improved graphics and many fixes to ways players can exploit the AI in Gal Civ 2. The AI is still exploitable in 3, but at least not as much as compared to 2.This game does require a surprisingly high amount of RAM, especially if you want to play on the largest maps. This game isn't too graphically intense, although you probably want lots of RAM and a strong processor.The race editor is quite good and there are plenty of races that you can download from the workshop if you are a fan of Star Trek, Star Wars, etc.Overall it is a good buy, although I did get it for 50% off."
,Not Recommended,226860,23804739,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,xNaquada,"Even as of June 2016, this game is still missing features and common sense GUI improvements that it's predecessor (GalCiv2) had.This may eventually be a game worthy to share it's precessors name with continued patching, and to be fair, there's a remakrable difference in 1.0 to now (1.8), however many would argue it never should have released as it did, when it did.The problem is Paradox Interactive's Stellaris is out and is subjectively (as it's my opinion) better than GC3 in practically every area, and Paradox (like Stardock) has a long history of supporting and improving their titles, so it's hard to see how GC3 will ""catch up"".tl;drI still play GC2 more than I play GC3. GC3 is getting better, but still isnt at the pedigree of it's precessor (which is often on sale for $5.00)."
76561198025061829,Recommended,226860,23386264,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,terrence.mosher,"Likes & Dislikes:The designers went to great lengths to make game as all encompassing as possible with lots of features to control and manage.  Love that about this game.  However, the AI is a dirty little cheater and gets unfair advantages such as more resources and quicker build times of vessels etc etc.  Wish the AI had half a brain and was able to come at me with challenging strategy rather than being able to amass vast fleets by cheating.  Brillant ship design allows for really flexiable options based on your technology and can be successful on any path of the tech tree."
76561198072929868,Not Recommended,226860,15659745,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Calen,"I would say to wait on this game until all expansions are out, as right now Galactic Civilization 2 is still better.Pro:-You can make your own ship-strategic resources-the redesigned battle viewerCon:- To play on the largest map, which is 4 time larger then the largest map in Gal Civ 2, you need a decent computer I would say at lest 8 ram with 4 core, considering these maps are designed to play with 100 AI players.-they removed all the little things that made the game more immersive, like planet population of 1 instead of 300m."
76561198026738690,Recommended,226860,31909516,Posted: 22 May,all,jimlemmon,good Game takes some time to learn it.
76561198086759211,Recommended,226860,31962260,Posted: 25 May,all,mrmarzord,Lots of fun!
76561198042405708,Recommended,226860,31965812,Posted: 25 May,all,MooK881,"Great game with crusade!Waited to purchase until now to get the feature list up and it's completely worth it. Love the new citizen system, civilization builder, and invasion format. No more building ten billion transports. Much more natural and strategic to decide where to defend. Highly recommended!"
76561198155786510,Recommended,226860,31963061,Posted: 25 May,all,Four Eyes,Crusade expension dramatically changed the base game. The game now has lots of fun and even more possibilities.
76561198050725092,Recommended,226860,31871865,Posted: 20 May,all,ZenOne,fun game massive takes a bit to get used to but fun
76561198079477833,Recommended,226860,31864063,Posted: 20 May,all,saspieler,There needs to be a mass method for upgrading ships to newer versions.
76561198047158679,Recommended,226860,15714816,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Craven,This game is good but its keeps crashing.  Has great potential but every time I play it crashes.
76561198114168686,Recommended,226860,18243905,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,frankiebee123,way to many crashes never had this problem with the other gal civ games how bout some help with that
76561198052357741,Recommended,226860,32207971,Posted: 5 June,all,Xandrian,"WOW!  What a great game.  I love the 4x style and the race builder is very immersive.  If you are on the fence, take my advice and pick this up.  You won't be upset that you did."
76561198063332792,Recommended,226860,35308996,Posted: 29 September,all,Hive365 | Ryanjames,I just got this because it was on sale i have been playing this game series for a very long time i never got to play the first one at the time but i remember getting the second game in 2008 i was 11 back then and i didnt stop playing this game but after a few years playing i lost the game and then i discovered that the second one was on steam i was so happy so i rebought it with the first 1 and then i heard about the third when it got announced i was so exicted and im going to say even after 11 years of making the last one the devs still know how to make an amazing 4x game i would even say these ones are the best 4x games i have ever played thank you devs for this game and im really looking forward to another 1000 or so hours playing this series and im looking forward to the upcoming dlcs and updates planned PS i need to get use to the way this one plays now lol
76561198326931708,Recommended,226860,32395132,Posted: 13 June,all,topoship,"Galciv 3 has come a long way since its initially release. Since some of the features are evolving with each update, I highly recommend following the forum discussion here and on stardocks' website."
76561198342155602,Recommended,226860,32556100,Posted: 18 June,all,caskeyc87,"Overall I really enjoy this game and it's an enormous improvement over Galactic Civ 2. My only real complaint is that the planetary governors you can set up to run your colonies for you and really crappy. They don't prioritize the most efficient buildings and they never seem to upgrade anything once an upgrade is available. Basically they'll only build the most basic structures. As a result, I don't use them and chose managing my (over 100) planets individually. Even though I've steamlined the process, it still takes a LOT of time periodically. It would be nice if the planetary governors weren't so useless.Other than that though, I immensely enjoy this game and highly recommend it. Keep up the awesome work!"
76561198048537325,Recommended,226860,31611832,Posted: 7 May,all,dmn123,"I played the first 2 of this series, but bought them from a store and a site that no longer exists. I was going to just buy II so I could play it again, but read that there were issues involving some problem with drm.Very pleased thus far with GalCiv 3, I haven't touched the campaign yet, but immediately recreated my old race of intergalacitc squirrels and off I went.  Having a blast with this game."
76561198169529207,Recommended,226860,31653765,Posted: 9 May,all,swindall,good game for fans of strategy and costomization. can Build your own little univerce with an extensive history shaped by you and the AI though personaly i would like to find more ways to shake the hole thing up a bit more maybe like a mode where theres a race coming to distroy all the existing galactic empires and you and the other races have to prepare for it like an apoctaliptic event for end game plays or just completly difrent game modes all and all great game if not a little repetative but only a little every race is verry difrent and unique just the game goals all tend to be the same. :3
76561198031670733,Recommended,226860,31672791,Posted: 10 May,all,Vakko,"While I'm more of a fan of RTS versus turn-based, there is so much action that I'm glad you don't miss anything.I've played both single player and multiplayer.  The games take FOREVER.  So if you're looking for a quick in and out game with fast resolutions, this will not be your game.  This is like playing chess but you you can have 64 players and they're emailing their moves in to the game master.The difficulty with the multiplayer is having large maps.  The larger the map, the longer it takes to finish.  There are strategies to rush.  But while you're flying around picking off the weaklings, a stronger faction will be getting much stronger and will more than likely crush you.  So that means you need to work your diplomacy, set up trade agreements, develop and trade technologies, and get resources!!!I find it fun.  My friend and I have been playing the same match for about 3 days now.  We play a few hours together before bed.  Just save the game and continue where we left off the next day.  It feels like we're working on 5k piece puzzle.  Eventually we will finish and then just start another one."
76561198075972975,Recommended,226860,31777782,Posted: 15 May,all,bentorres9k,"I enjoyed this game and apon buying the DLC I was astonished with the new way GC3 went. More improvements and more unique strageties await for me to play this great game. The crusade DLC gives out many new ways to play the game and I love the trade system with the help bar to see if u need to put more or less on the table. STARBASES are given a cool and awesome rework but WEAPONS, HITPOINTS OF SHIPS AND other offesesive gear/tech have be nerfed. Although I thought the offesive tech was fine. STARBASES now have a new way of mining and I enjoy the new version of it better than before. OVERALL I Give this game with the NEW DLC a 8/10.  ALTHOUGH there are bugs that need to be fixed quickly please!! THANK YOU STARDOCK FOR THE DLC!!"
76561198051839220,Recommended,226860,31988329,Posted: 26 May,all,LevinaLemky,"Many games are fun as you figure them out.  Many games are fun as you follow a story.  Many games are fun when you need to zone out.  Galactic civ is all of these, and then, hours and hours of your day suddenly disappear as you play ""for just a few more turns"".  Few games for me have had the same ability to draw me in, suck hours of my life, and make me enoy every minute of it.  If you like empire building games, this is a good one to try.The game isnt without some irritating bugs.  When I first got it, I wanted to use it as a multiplayer game with my husband and our friend.  A whole weekend of frustration ensued, as we were dropped from the game, AI took over, AI screwed with our planets.... There are also some glitches and some massive lag if your play on insane map size into the end game.  However, these are all minor when compared to the depth of game design and freedom to attempt many different play styles."
,Recommended,226860,32129069,Posted: 2 June,all,DarkNicademis,Loving Gal Civ 3 and the expansion Crusade.  Love the ship designer with the deep customization.  Enjoying the grand scale (largest scale space 4x I can think of). and the AI is no slouch (and continuing to get better).  Definitely recommend.
,Recommended,226860,32189337,Posted: 4 June,all,Mr.Popo,"Love this game. Started with Gal Civ 2 and lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥when I heard they came out with a 3. Campaign is a bit short, but c'mon, who plays this for anything but the sandbox (which is leagues better now). Overall, love this game and Stardock has a customer for life (gotta love Sins of a Solar Empire too!)"
76561198191208594,Recommended,226860,32342928,Posted: 11 June,all,kevin.l.dore,"This is a great game, though you need to be willing to invest a bit of time into understanding the mechanics.  This game is an amazing strategy game.  I have put a lot of time into it now, and I have to say that a lot of games lose my interest after 10-30 hours of play time and this one only seems to get more interesting the longer I play!"
76561197980150768,Recommended,226860,31641140,Posted: 9 May,all,Cro,"Going on four days playing this space sim.  There are a few tweaks in the UI that I wish were there, namely controling fleets and navigating a huge map.  Overall I like the game."
76561198010362507,Recommended,226860,32218808,Posted: 6 June,all,chessman2ca,Haven't been laying as long as others who have reviewed the game so nothing too in-depth. Really enjoying it so far. I sit down to play and don't notice 3 or 4 hours have gone by which is exactly what I want from a 4x game.
76561198156087352,Recommended,226860,32484890,Posted: 16 June,all,Mr Wizard,"Everything you could ever need from a galactic 4X game, plus watch the ships you design go into battle!"
76561198095130480,Recommended,226860,31779926,Posted: 15 May,all,{D|A|B} DOOM89,"After 41 hours of playing, i can say i'm pretty new still, however i am very much enjoying it, i would love if there were more in depths tutorials explaining the details of the game because there is still much i probably dont understand, but thats just me being a noob.The gameplay definatly has a more Civ5 feel to it, but still retains what i liked about GC2, the ship building is really cool but the tech tree progress seems a lot slower than GC2 and the abundent prebuilt ships makes me feel its not that important to build your own ships as so far the prebuilt ones have been better than what ive built but im putting that down to my inexperience.If you liked the previous GC games then i would have to recommend this game but be prepaired for a bit of a learning gap lol."
76561198024564955,Recommended,226860,32128481,Posted: 2 June,all,Smithy64,"The base GC3 game is fun and the Crusade expansion is a master stroke of 4x design. You often have tough choices every turn that will permanently affect the course of the game. Resource management and spending are critical and the AI is quite good. Custom races and custom ships can be built or downloaded from the Workshop. If you enjoy 4X, snag this game and install Crusade. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,226860,33006623,Posted: 29 June,all,WolandPL,"Hands down the best starship editor in the entire world. So far I spent 14 hours in the game, 13 hours went into the editor where you can construct your own ships almost like you were building with Lego bricks - makes me feel like 5-year old kid who just watched his first Star Wars movie, it's just fantastic.The turn-based strategy part is okay too, I guess."
76561198005180307,Recommended,226860,23517317,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Ball0Fun,"Good intricate game with many variables, making it a real challenge.The tutorial sucks. You are pretty much left to fail repeatedly until you find out on your own. But, once you get a basic understanding of the tactics and variables, it does present a good challenge."
76561198054156972,Recommended,226860,23563201,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,d_prives,"it is a good game so far I amabout 30 hours into it. I wish though that the gameplay was third dimensional like space instead of two dimensional like the other civilization games that are out there. Also if you switch to watch the battles I wish I had control over the ships fighting instead of the computer, and planetary invasions the same thing I wish for some control over the battles. For right now though I recommend the game it isn't bad just need some tweeking."
76561198301598637,Recommended,226860,23619374,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ammarahmedkhan29,This is a great game. Very in depth
76561198120442824,Recommended,226860,23563840,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Spencer Tracy,"Great depth, great scale, and i love the territory system.That is, the map is made of hexes and after a while territories start to push up against each other and form distinct regions, very cool.On the negative, the sound scheme is pitiful, are 'nice sounds' that hard to produce!? lol.The ui is ugly, the graphics are ugly, and the space combat is half-baked(and the ground combat is 0.0000001% baked).If they had decent combat this would be an epic."
76561198055857201,Recommended,226860,29716773,Posted: 5 February,all,WolvOwl,"aleins attack more than needed, but over all a fun game"
76561198156690647,Recommended,226860,29718635,Posted: 5 February,all,Morathanar,"its a good theme but there is a very annoying bug i cba to fix where almost every time u press the ""new turn"" button the enemy wornt start their turn and you end upp having to save and reload the game every other turn, really annoying."
76561197972443636,Recommended,226860,32053051,Posted: 29 May,all,ctb123,"Had trouble getting into Galactic Civiization before Crusade, but Crusade has made the game much more enjoyable for me."
76561198161346934,Recommended,226860,27548318,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LadrinVotik,"A great addition to the series.  With the ability to not simply use the mainstream factions, but actually completely make your own and the ships to go with them, this is what I've been looking for in a space-based 4X game.  And this doesn't even include the cinematic battles. While they don't have the tactical challenge of Empire at War's space combat, it is still quite a sight to see (or not see) your creations do combat with villains from all the way back to the original game.  Add to that a workshop full of ship designs and factions that other people are sharing and it can really capture just how big space is.  So get the game, play it and try to prove just how great the creatures of your imagination are."
76561197995709710,Recommended,226860,21896504,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,lmjowers,The game is challanging but once you figure out the mechanics it gets to be really fun with a large variety of play styles similar to Civ but with its own style and ways of doing things.
,Recommended,226860,29720077,Posted: 5 February,all,rlglad,I have only played for a few days and I like what I see at this point.
76561198006766670,Recommended,226860,29723725,Posted: 5 February,all,blackangelx6,Very good complicated space game actually takes time to master. The campaign story is a little fragmented but in general it's nice to see a space game where the humans are actually the interesting spcecies.
76561198171452153,Recommended,226860,22090799,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,rc.ltd,I really enjoy this game so far! i have only put 30 hours into it and as far as I can tell that is very little for this type of game! onlything I would like to see happen is that the ship build gave a bit more info on the items that are being used e.g how ship range = waht? range of weapons or range of fight from plant or both or something totally diferent...any ways I'll keep playing it lol fun game
76561198072861725,Recommended,226860,27344014,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,keeslermatt3,For some reason this ame can eat up entire days without me noticing time has passed. It must be doing something right
76561198130707390,Recommended,226860,32163212,Posted: 3 June,all,mstrmagemerlin,"The game, even with tutorial, is a bit hard to understand when you first start to play. I've only had it now for a few days, and am still trying to figure it all out, but it works well, lots of dfferent ways to forge your path. Only wish there were a bit of 'prompting' when it's the turn of a particular move."
,Recommended,226860,21892994,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Hartzenator,This game has so many options involving customization and tactical arrangements its literally a different game every single time you play it. If you can wait for it to go on sale again and buy it with the dlcs. Great strategy game.
76561197971041079,Recommended,226860,23532827,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Uchi,"Great Game, lost hours in it. A few bugs to iron out but on the hole a well worth product."
76561198274257881,Recommended,226860,21904928,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,connortroy,Great game
,Recommended,226860,31544559,Posted: 4 May,all,Zniff,interesting turn-based sci fi game with a wide range of galaxy types and sizes with preset types of races and the ability to costumize your own kind of race and a big tech tree. and the multiplayer is excluded from this review due to the fact ive never tested multiplayer
76561198006706686,Recommended,226860,32158107,Posted: 3 June,all,darenmoss,"As a long term fan of the Gal Civ series I can fully recomend the latest 'Crusade' version of Gal Civ 3.  The DLC changes are more akin to a complete rewrite of the base game (mostly for the better) and finally allow for a more immersive experience with lots of community generated races and mods.  There are some negative views out there about the fact that Stardock are continually 'patching' the game but I don't see this as a negative as mostly the patches are bug fixes or rebalancing between features as a result of us feedback.  Given the option to select different tech trees and racial abilities I see this continued engagement by Stardock as a positive. They could have simply pushed out the Crusade DLC and left it for users to exploit imbalances between the races and/or tech trees. Now, every game is different and there is no guarantee that your killer strategy from your last game (exploiting a gap or killer tech) will work as well this time around.  Really enjoying it and looking forward to the planned summer updates."
76561198038336445,Recommended,226860,28086224,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,farmer 420,It is what you would expect! Great fun solo or multi
76561198048322833,Recommended,226860,35498433,Posted: 5 October,all,kaanboztepe,if you are interested in 4x strategies this is the game you want to play
76561198347782141,Recommended,226860,35497857,Posted: 5 October,all,johnkato76,"If you're looking for a great startegy game and the space setting interests you, you're in for a treat. You are gonna sink a lot of time into this and (for the most part :P) won't regret it. There are a lot of things you can try and play around with (custom races/ships, map settings, win conditions) and the game is regularly updated and tweaked. The developers actually care about input and try to accomodate to player wishes and thoughts.Recent reviews don't do this game justice at all, it is getting better and better. I guess issues accompanied by the updates is the cause of this, but they are dealt with very fast.All in all, very recommended if you are into startegy."
76561198030853389,Recommended,226860,35498307,Posted: 5 October,all,technomancer,"Why I recommend this game for 4x-Fans:- AI is way better than any of the competitors including any of the  fantasy-based 4x-games. On normal (meaning ""AI is not cheating at all"") you actually get a decent challenge. This is VERY unique.- Very polished- Continuous support (even for the base game)- Serious dialogue with the developers and the CEO (i. e. frogboy). As a smaller company it appears the actually _really_ listen to you. I. e. there is a thread in the forum for the upcoming 2.7 patch where you can request new features or changes.- Reasonably priced.I did not comment on features I like or dislike since this is very subjective and I mainly care for a decent, non-cheating AI.@Stardock: Thank you for a great game !"
76561198025480137,Recommended,226860,33369114,Posted: 8 July,all,michael,Awesome gameplay. Had to do some research to get up to speed on some of the concepts as there is a lack of signposting and explanation. Overall a great 4X game though.
76561198030753689,Recommended,226860,22340918,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,jediwalk86,Turn based space strategy game that has good quality graphics for the different factions involved. The custom designer for your own ship models could use some better tool aids and be more user friendly. I enjoy the games and have tried out the campaign but the AI for your opposing factions seem to be overwhelming even on the beginner settings as very quickly one faction had control of 75 percent of the map.
76561198048802310,Recommended,226860,18800230,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,[NSE]Tangle,"Unfortunately, I can't say many true specifics about loving this game. However, it is very good. Two nitpicks- when you name a solar system for your capital, it gets named after your homeworld- Say, for example, the Earth system, containing planets Earth, Earth II (Mars), Earth III (Mercury), Earth IIII, and so on. Also, the biggest map size isn't quite big enough for me, for some reason."
76561198022589128,Not Recommended,226860,17559331,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,DeathseekerYAMO,"If you dont want to read my rant just read this. Would i like my money back?  YEAAI does not follow guidelines. customized race with the disliked trait ends up getting chosen as UP host most of the time.UP (united planets) do not add any great advantage disadvantage to ""galactic policies"" and are seldom passed.diplomacy is so useless that i no longer waste reserch on a universal translator.Tech tree is so long it requires a Very long game to fully explore.Game falls flat rather quickly as most of your early game nothing really important happens.Ideologies are quite useless as the choices ussually add  + or -  % to a planet or nothing at all so the first ideology you pick ends up being the one you should always choose regardless as  the ideology trait is more worthwhile. if it affects diplomatic relations, i really cant tell.Map editor which is a dlc you must pay for creates maps that, even tough you put random player or AI on a bunch of planets, you always end up starting on the same planet with the same neighbors.With a game that still feels ""early access"" the developers are already selling dlc gives me low hopes that they will ever bring this game to its full potential, maybe wait for galatic civilizations 4."
76561198063357031,Not Recommended,226860,16621331,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,mikefish100,"I know i've only played for 22 hrs, but i've played enough to notice some very fundamental things about this game.First time playing a Galactic Civ game and was dissapointed. I usualy love strategy games of all types, and especially anything space based or science fiction, but this game was a dissapointment. I'm not saying it's a terrible game, but it's definitely not better than a 6/10- and definitely not worth 60$, but with the price drop now to 38$- possibly, but I wouldn't expect much. Here are my main reasons why not and why to get the game:Why not:1. AI is suuuuuuuuper easy. I played through the campaign on normal(keep in mind this is my first time playing a Galactic Civ game), and winning basically came down to 2 things. Build factories and shipyards, build fleets, and build money factories, then repeat 1000 times. This makes the game highly repetitive, unless you go out of your way to make it harder on youself- which is ridiculous. This also kind of nullifies 90% of the rest of the content in the game that is entirely unnecessary to learn to win. Research for example; all I did was research weapon technology, hull stuff, and logistics(fancy word for how many units you can stack in a tile), and I was able to win almost all engagements.There are dozens of ship classes which STAY WITH THE SHIP FOREVER which tells the ship in battle what to target and where to go. Assault ships for example, will rush right in and target another class.(I managed to win the Campaign without learning what any of the classes do). You can either build preset ships with classes, or build your own ships and assign it a class. All of this is completely unnessary to learn in order to win. This is just one of many examples of features in game which make things unnessarily complicated.2. Game is highly repetitive. I kind of mentioned this above, but there's a lot more features in game which are a grind.I'll highlight my petpeeves; Galactic events/Planet Events/Player Event choices/Building stuff on planets/ Micromanaging planetary production, wealth, and research(I didn't even bother doing it, and only build production and money factories every single time). Also, the choices you make in game are a joke. You either have Benevolent, Pragmatic, or Malevolent, which means 90% of the time you're either: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and love everything(even non-sentient robots), use things strictly to your advantage, or are a psycopath. There is no reasonable, rational person choice, and there are hardly ever win-win decisions. The EXACT same dillemas will often appear in the same game over and over again as well.3. The campaign is 3 missions long. I kid you not, and the story is just as short the missions. It's as follows: SPOILERS(not that it's interesting or surprising anyways) Earth needs to be saved. Rebuild Civilization, Build Fleets, Take back Earth. I was expecting conflicts with other races, other than the one you're fighting, but there wasn't. You have the option to declare war or ignore other races, and I ignored them, and it didn't matter at all.4. The story was bad. Yes. It had NO MAIN CHARACTERS too. It was as follows(spoilers); Earth taken by Drengin, you fight Drengin and take area around Earth back with ships. The whole game I was annihilating the Drengin and tried to negotiate ANYTHING, and they wouldn't even SPEAK TO ME.5. Micromanaging is a headache. It would take a while to go into detail with this point, suffice it to say there are a lot of terribly inificient features and designs which make doing simple things a hassle. From managing production of planets to using the galaxy map, this is not user friendly and takes a while to learn, and once you do it's still very annoying and inificient.6. After playing for 22 hrs I still havent figured out fully how to watch the ship battles the way I want to. Every time I try to go into the free mode and move my mouse a TINY TINY bit, my view is instantly jerked a mile away from the battle, and I'm luck if I can get back with the non-sensical sidways inverted 10000 sensitivity controls.Why to buy:1. THOSE CINAMATIC GRAPHICS LOOK GREAT!!!!!!2. The pictures in the galactic events/planet events/ diplomacy look fantastic. Only wish the rest of the game was up to that level of work."
,Recommended,226860,23771521,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Bravo,"Im very split between if I should advice anyone to buy this game or not.Its one of those you might like or get very irritated by many of the small bugs and odd features it seems to lack.Good news is at the time of writing this its still supported game but the downside is that the DLCs are expenssive for what you get back from it. A bundle on sale maybe is a good solution.Pros+The ship builder is decent and lets you create a lot of different ships in all shape and sizes.+You can add as many races as you like and play in a huge galaxies. (played on the largest map with 43 AI and it works well).+Tech tree lets you choose different traits in specializationCons-Ships change name seemingly randomly when they are upgraded.-When your ships are in a fleet and you want more info on it you have to take it out of the fleet to be able to view it.-No good way to manage starbases besides micromanaging which takes most of your time.If you use the ingame method it will basicly spam down your shipyards as it will build many constructors.-Roles of the ships are defined with the design and can not be modified prior to combat, if you have armed support ships or if you would like to engage with your normal guardians this really sets you up for failure, as they will wait to engage until the ones up front are shot up first.-After the AI turns you will not know if your ships saw any hostile ships inside their sensor range UNLESS you were looking at that spot of the map as the turn went and you didnt blink.This is a huge drawback and has forced me to build huge sensor platforms to actually know whats going on.Personal preferencesI personally would like to see the ships having different modifiers for weapons/defenses vs size,This to better reflect the differences between them.Also adding different docks inside the shipyard to create more ships at the same time.The docks would be different sizes so when you can build a larger class of ships you would need to build a larger dock.Smaller ships should be cheaper(as with their stats being lower).I would like to see the option to build custom tiny fighters to be carried in carrier modules and that could operate to a certain area outside the carrier fleet as well. the modules should have increased capacity but unable to regenerage fighters.Also when upgrading I feel that the way it works now is slightly ridiculous, I think that either there should be a rule that 75% of base parts have to be the same or preferably all modifications inside a shipyard.I should have written more, but its late and Im sure nobody have read this far"
76561198037601734,Not Recommended,226860,19491758,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,BAiT0151,I've sat through more exciting church sermons.  And multiplayer is buggy to the point of being game-breaking.
76561197972245774,Not Recommended,226860,17656137,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Razor Boy,"TL;DR - This game has potential but at this time the gameplay is too monotonous.What is this game? Galactic Civilizations III is the third game in the Galactic Civilizations series of 4x games. You explore a randomly generated galaxy (with lots of options to customize it), colonize planets, build improvements on those planets, research new tech, build fleets of ships and exterminate other civilizations (or win through more peaceful means such as diplomatic victory, cultural victory, Ascension victory and so on). It is played over a series of turns and games can last from a few hundred turns to thousands, depending on the size of the galaxy, number of opponents and your chosen path to victory.Pros:- Beautiful map and music;- Ability to create whatever ship you want and download community-created ship hulls, and then customize then with different components;- Fun on smaller maps before it gets too tedious;- Plopping down different improvements and customizing planets is pretty fun at first;- The backstory behind each race is fairly interesting and the default races feel sufficiently different during gameplay;- The option to create your own custom race and even import your own portrait is rather nice;- The flavour text in different events and decisions points if well written and fun to read, until you realize that you're pretty much getting the same events and text regardless of which race you play.Cons:- the UI is not intuitive and often involves a lot of clicking. The developers should've looked at Endless Space's UI and learned from it;- although you can customize your ships and create your own hulls all you want, in practice the choices are between a weapon, a better version of that weapon, and an even better version of that weapon. Although a lot of custumization is possible, in practice you're better off sticking to default designs or tweaking them only a little.- The AI is frankly terrible even at higher levels of difficulty. It is predictable and poses no challenge. It cheats aggressively at higher difficulties but still can't think strategically;- The designers included an option to watch your ships duke it out with the enemy, but gave you zero control over that battle - absolutely stupid decision! You'll be skipping the battle view 100% of the time;- The game is STILL glitchy. It crashes to desktop, freezes during loading screens and during gameplay;- The game becomes very tedious and monotonous once you colonize enough planets. The options to let each planet auto-run itself are laughable to say the least. Micromanaging star base upgrades also becomes tedious, as is the requirement to keep shutting down and restarting star docks - I don't see why star docks couldn't just sit idle without requiring my individual attention. Although different races may start out feeling different in the early game, but the end they pretty much all feel the same, which leads me to...- You have wonderful options to create your own races (even add your own portrait race!) but you can easily create laughably overpowered races - I guess for some it's a pro, but for me it's a con - needs to be balanced better;- Diplomacy options are quite rich, too bad that trying to play diplomatic give-and-take with AI feels too random. Sometimes the AI will make ludicrous demands, other times it just rolls over, yet other times it rejects much more reasonable demands out of hand. If there's some kind of algorithm it follows when making diplomatic decisions I haven't figured it out yet.- Finally, some victory paths are much easier and/or fun than others. Many victory types are just a matter of clicking ""End Turn"" a couple of hundred times until your culture or diplomatic influence or whatnot reaches a certain threshold. Utterly boring.The other thing I want to mention (and this is much more subjective than even my above impressions) is that the DLC and patch support for this game are frankly awful. The DLCs are not worth getting unless you have completely played this game out (and trust me - it doesn't take very long to figure out how to win each and every game) and even then I would stay away from them. The patches haven't done much to improve the game stability or balance or fix issues with AI as far as I can see.Conclusion: stay away from this game until it gets some major TLC from the developers and more content. Don't even think of buying it unless it's deeply discounted."
,Not Recommended,226860,19468872,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,madsny,"Score: 5/10EDIT: after writing this review i thought to myself ""what. i can't let this game win over me"", so i will be investigating more on how to play and win, i found a somehow desent tutorial and will update this review in the future, but for now i still stand by my first review :) (read below).i had high hopes for this game, i was really looking forward to a CIV like experience, everything is supposedly there, planets, city building elements, research tree, special resources, artifacts etc. ... but sadly enough, i was really bored with the game, the experience was slow and tedious, at the end i found my self hammering the ""next turn"" button just to get a new research or ship, i never got that special exiting feeling you get with ex. CIV.admittedly im new to the 4x-space genre, even thou i had viewed a lot of tutorial videos beforehand, i found it very difficult to figure out what strategies to use, which research to start out with, buildings, ships etc. it felt like information for special invited only, i don't mind spending time learning to play a game, but for this one it just all seems a bit too overwhelming, tedious and slow, too often i found myself in a guessing game without any advice or help to take the right decisions or at least understanding my decisions.despite other negative reviews on steam, i did not experience any technical issues, i feel that the battle system if fine as it is, no need for an added RTS level, and generally i find the game visually pleasing.i am really torn between two camps on this one, i really wanted this to be a great game but regrettably, for now i have to give it a thumb down, i was really looking forward to play this game, i may give it another try but i doubt it. :("
76561198102016042,Recommended,226860,23316437,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Phil the Cat,"While I have only played 17 hours, I feel as though I get the main premice of the game.  I have not yet played the campaign.To be honest, this game is underwhelming if you're expecting a full-fledged 4X Turn-Based Strategy.  Civ V would be a much better choice, although I am slightly bias towards it, seeing as I have quite a few hours logged in it.Pros:+Mechanics are good+Awesome visuals, especially space battles+Great Writing+In-Depth tech+Character development and story is unique+SHIP DESIGNERCons:-Somewhat difficult to learn, I watched an hour of youtube before I got the main idea-I found at least 3 typos, kind of shows how they are a little careless.-There's about 6 races, compared to the 25-ish civ v + expanisions have-$40.00 for what feels incomplete-Scenarios grow very similar-Actions get repetetive, especially during warThere are other things, but as of right now I cautiously recommend this game when it's on sale.   There are certainly many other, more developed strategy games that feel more complete and are worth a more expensive price tag, but this game is definitely something I would reccommend picking up while on sale."
76561198238787036,Recommended,226860,22488960,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,[YTG] Rebelkommando616,"It is a fun game. So many technologies to resarch, ships to build, planets to colonize, and enemies to fight. It`s difficult but after a while you get the hang of things and build a unbeatable space empire. Or don`t, because you can win buy diplomacy (wuss), research (nerd), or combat (now we`re talking).9/10 would play again.Oh yeah plus you can get Halo or Warhammer 40k mods.Enjoy."
,Not Recommended,226860,21336307,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,moinoviimir,"While some the game systems are quite engaging, the abysmal ui and endless multiplayer bugs are heartbreaking.The developer also seems intent on releasing DLCs over fixing bugs. The Mercenaries DLC in particular had at least two major annoying bugs that somehow sneaked past all the QA and, for instance, made you demolish buildings for the Yor race if you were to build any more population. It was a UI validation bug, not a game system change.The UI, though, is just really bad. Really, really bad.All in all, it is a mixed bag with more disappointment than happiness.It is a pity."
76561198039603669,Recommended,226860,19774936,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Giyolo Swagnoli,"Still being updated occassionally at the moment, but these are tweaks rather than serious changes to gameplay, which is already excellent.The AI can be very challenging at times, which is a nice change from many strategy games (you can also play Multiplayer). Theoretically, the game can support hundreds of factions on a single (huge) map!There is genuine immersion, and the game asks serious questions of you at times: deciding whether to prioritise research or ship construction can be a serious concern, and you'll find yourself falling behind with the other even as you gain an advantage with one. Even if you had comfortably decided that research is key, you still have to decide whether economic or military would better serve you - and all the while the AI will be hatching schemes of its own.Furthermore regarding military research, this game is unique (to me at least) in how it can propagate arms races between factions. There are three basic weapon types: lasers, kinetic and missile (and their defences). If you focus on missiles for example, you may be able to ruin anyone lacking missile defences but would suffer miserably if your opponent has anti-missile defences aplenty. You could even build up a balanced military, but this would take time, rescources and leave you with few obvious strengths.Diplomacy is failrly intelligent, and gives a wide veriaty of options regarding tech and rescource trades, alliances, pacts, threats etc. lastly, the modding community is incredible - there are modded races and ships for almost everything, from the Tardis to Star Trek to Battlestar Galactica to Warhammer 40K!I utterly love this game, and if you enjoy 4X style games (or turn-based strategy generally) you can't afford to give this a miss."
76561197979800354,Recommended,226860,19808353,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Mr. Bungle,"As of today, a very playable and fun game. Currently my space 4X jam. I've been playing space 4x games since, well, Master of Orion."
,Recommended,226860,23183440,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Mrr Gypsy,On par with the likes of the Civilization series as far as turn based games go. Race custumization is great and gives people the opportunity to play how they want. Ship designer is very well done and I can easily spends hours at a time just creating ships. Once I have completed my new ships I then remember that I never stopped playing the game I was in before because the ship customization is practically a game in its own right.
76561198066233738,Recommended,226860,23194251,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,aurumenk2,"Okay, first of all, this is a fairly good game.  However, there are balancing issues, and ai exploits.  One of such is you build a shipyard, and the one with the most manufacturing, the AI will go for, so you just keep switching back and forth between them.  Secondly, this game quits on you from time to time which can be incredibly frustrating, but I've noticed that hasn't happened in quite a while.  Also, with the ship building parts selector, I can't figure out how to turn the model and it seems they took out this feature, which is annoying because I can't see if my ship models look cool all around.  There are many tweaks however to the overall system that are much better in this than Galactic Civ 2 and its expansions, I was however hoping that all of the previous game ship building parts would be included in this one, which they are not.  I like that you can still trade ships in the steam workshop though, and I've made some cool looking ones.  As for the campaign I am disappointed with the minimalist three mission campaign, but I like that your tech stays with you when you move onto the next mission.  However, because of the way the tech tree is it makes it incredibly difficult if you are a non militaristic race against a Militaristic race, because of how slow the tech advances and this needs slight tweaks to make it more fair.  I'm sick of being the Humans and getting absolutely decimated by the stupid Krynn that automatically get huge hulls by the 100th turn.  THe graphics are very good though, and the ship battles are fun to watch, but it would be a bit cooler if it were more like homeworld style battles where you could out manuver your enemies and such.  I give this game a 6.5 out of ten, and it is worth playing."
76561197970910191,Recommended,226860,23204568,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,For Tuchankaaaaa,"I got the game on Steam sale with all DLCs for less than what I paid for galciv2 and all DLC. Stop whining about how the DLC should have been part of the base game. This is how the industry works now.In galciv2, half the game happened through DLC, too. You sell the game when it is a viable product, so you can recoup your cost making it. And then you add what the players want and make some more money when selling it as DLC. Games cost too much to ""sell them when they are ready"". You'll go bankrupt as a studio if you try.galciv2 was a great game, and this one is even better. The AI feels less fickle to me this time around.Building through the tech tree is great fun, and even watching the epic space battles is less boring than I thought. I have yet to use the ship designer, so no idea how awseome it is. But even without it the game is at least a 9/10 for me.I love how the tech trees have personality for the different races, and how the other races attempt to guilt trip you into giving them free stuff.Building colonies has become even more interesting than with galciv2 because now there are adjacency bonuses, and the star base bonuses are so strong that my current strategy is to build planets for maximized manufacturing and then build a space port and crank out constructors to build star bases around the planet. Only when that is done do I tear down all the manufacturing infrastructure on the planet and switch to research. And I'm still not sure I found the right strategy. That's how beautifully complex it is!"
76561198042707085,Recommended,226860,15795193,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Natarle,"The Ship builder in this game is what sold me on it, and the fact that I can make my own race with there own class of ship is the best."
76561198114445941,Recommended,226860,15987081,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,henhen,An already great game with excellent potential.
,Recommended,226860,17010458,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Bastbear,Pew Pew Pew
76561198030897356,Recommended,226860,17125908,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Archile,"I have been Galactic Civ since the first iteration. I am so happy for this one! So far, no bugs, revamped mechanics yet over all the same as the past three (just streamlined and new stuff added). GalCiv 3 has everything the previous two games had but with additions and new features. It is as a sequal should be! Keep the core the same but enhance everything, and I do mean EVERYTHING! If you played any of the previous GalCiv games and are on the fence about this one, don't be. Get the game and you won't regret it!!"
76561198034190864,Recommended,226860,18330895,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Atruin_Augustus,good game. its not finished but still has more play value than dayz
76561198089411956,Recommended,226860,23158884,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,super mcnasty,"I like this. I think there are a lot of improvements over the second one. Some changes that I wasn't too happy about, such as managing taxes, but really not much. I think overall, this is a good game, and I like it a little better over the previous game."
76561198011428836,Recommended,226860,23160574,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,xiguy,"I am trying to decide whether to recommend this game or not. It is a bit of a step up from GCII with improved graphics, but it is unstable, crashes far too often (and other games do not) and the combat animation is like something from 1989. More than that the AI interactions are trite, largely predictable and boring after a while. The tech tree is decent but it is entirely possible to get to the end of it and just run out of things to research. Frequently combat seems to be decided without logic as larger and more powerful fleets are destroyed by weaker or smaller ones. How does that work? And here is a big pet peeve: I made a custom race and the system used it to play against me. Same name. Same icon, everything. I can't tell who owns planets based on icons. Again...a silly mistake in the game design. So, back to the start I will give it a luke warm recommendation mainly as it is still fun to play, but I sure hope there are proper bug fixes coming soon and in the interim I am awaiting a better, new, RTS...eagerly."
,Recommended,226860,23190057,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,i_am_aronman,Just one more turn... Oh it is 3 in the morning and i have to go to work at 7... Great.
76561198036399677,Recommended,226860,23192318,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,theotto_d,I am Still enjoying the game.
76561198027287884,Recommended,226860,23195882,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,WookieWill,"Its a great game, I loved the second one when it fcame out years ago.  my only complaint is the graphics during the planet managing screens don't seem like they've seen much love.  The different upgrades are still represented by flat, boring 2d sprites.  other then that an A plus game worth your time."
76561198010995372,Recommended,226860,23197827,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Kaiser Saucisse,"If you ever play Gal-Civ, you know you want it.And it's a good one, with everything you want, and some more, not much, but all in an even more massive scale than before.And multiplayer (I've not tried it yet, it's more like a solitary pleasure for now...) !And more design & custom than ever before !At 65 hours, I've started 3 campaigns, ""just to taste the game""...If you never played Gal-Civ before and want to rule the universe, go for it, what are you waiting for ??!Conquer planets, design your fleet, command your scientists and crush your enemies !"
76561198023513009,Recommended,226860,17244553,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,jkevin67,"I have played Galactic Civilizations I & II. I have played III for about 20 hours. It is a definite improvment. The tech tree is bigger and the ship designer is more complex. I love the game and hope there are expansions. I really need a good strategy guide, because the AI is always beating me on normal difficulty. The minor races are cool, but I hope that they add more major races. You can make your though. An enjoyable, long, and sometimes, frustrating game. On a scale of 1-10; I give it a 9."
76561198052331846,Recommended,226860,15761851,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,mjmacri,"I have been waiting for a game like this to come out for AGES! Thank you to the Dev team! With each beta update the game gets more fun, can't wait to see what the final finished product is like in a few days!Update: The Full Version being out now, must say that the campaign was fun, but I want more! Overall the game has lived up to my expectations, and is a ton of fun!"
76561198014342463,Recommended,226860,22401774,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,fatbear,"This game is great! And also terrible to learn. I needed a big number of games to learn how to go ahead.I tried to limit the problem playing with humans only. Map Small. One opponent, Beginner level. This is a must. You will lose even against a beginner opponent at first. But this is the way to learn. After a good number of games, I started to win. I specialized on Technological and Diplomatic victories. Mainly because I let to research and build warships later so I could use the effort instead to develop my planets and the other sides of research. So mainly I research top and bottom of the four main research options, the social/research and diplomatic/money options.I start each planet with a factory, a farm, a research building. Every planet. Then I go developing them as I need. On a small map, I have one planet for manufacture, another for research and a third for money. I try to use to the most the advantages that each planet have. In the end, each planet will have three food buildings (when going into the three top difficult levels I need more of them). With the game advancing, I will stop building extra manufacture and money (then more ahead also research) buildings besides the three initial on each planet, and focuses the planets on Influence/Benevolence/Tourism. On bigger maps I tend to not specialize planets on only one area (but it depending on how it goes), instead I try to more or less balance each planet on all three areas (since the stations will push them on all three areas), only specializing the ones with clear advantages for some area. On the very big maps like Insane its necessary to divide your planets in clusters around Shipyards, since the distances are too big to keep sending ships from one side to the other. Actually, its always a good idea to keep just the closer planets sponsoring the Shipyards.I choose only Benevolent options, and on Benevolent Ideology screen, get first the research advantage, then the one that gives a colony ship, then more research. From there it depends on the situation, but the second tier, the one that gives Moral advantages, is important, since developing it will prevent the necessity of too much moral (happiness) buildings on the planets and save the space for other buildings. And Research. And the one getting more planets, etc. At some point I get the Missionary (third tier) building so I can improve my Influence, and all new planet, and old ones with space, will get the Missionary building (usually close to the 'castle' icon, having side by side with a Consulate, Embassy and the... forgot the name, the one for Tourism, all together). (Earth is always focused on Research, and I build the Research Capital there, plus the Essence building if there is space, to boost research to maximum.)Another fundamental aspect are the space stations. I make a point of making early Economic stations, in a way so every planet is under the influence of one of them. Or two (that tends to be difficult to do on the first half of the game, but the result is amazing). And develop the Research, Manufacture, Money and Moral options on the station as soon as available. This will boost immensely the planets.Also, mining space stations are important, of course. And depending on the situation, you can build some Cultural ones to push frontiers and take planets using culture (they flip to your side if the culture pressure is high enough). I usually dont colonize the low end planets (level 5 or 6), making sure they are on my area. Opponents will colonize them and soon they will flip and become mine. Really cheap (:Dealing with the opponents: some will want to be your friends, others not. But if your diplomatic level is high enough, you will have all being friendly, and making Alliance with all of them will mean Victory. So if you see an opponent going to red fast, develop Diplomacy quicker.After winning consistently on level Beginner, I made some games on Huge or Immense maps, just to get the feel. It becames really difficult to keep track of all planets and stations, and the increased number of opponents, but its really fun!Then I moved to the next difficulty level, Small map... and won at first! Same on big maps. Same again on Normal level... same on next level... Only on the last but two level I started to have problems. Winning depended on which races I got (I leave them on random). If I had to develop the militar side it hurt my research advance, so I wasnt #1 on research all the time anymore (check your position on Diplomacy screen only, its more realistic), had to build more food buildings on the planets, had to deal with smarter opponents searching the map faster than me, getting the really good planets first... so there is where I am now!Now I want to try approaches using Pragmatic and Malevolent postures. And mixing them. And start trying the other races to see what happens.One thing that bothers me on the game is how fragile the stations are. They are too expensive to be so fragile! Well, of course this was planned to be so, but  I'm tempted to change this on the .ini files!! (:Anyway, I have already 170 hours on GC3 and surely will keep playing it for many more to come!"
,Recommended,226860,21649668,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Deraz63,"If you're a 4X fan, you'll love GCIII.  The map and civilization customization alone gives this infinite replay value.  The ship design lets you bring war to a whole new level with being able to tailor your fleet to specific threats and enemy weaknesses.  I haven't played any of the other Galactic Civilizations, and I picked this one up after the Mercenary expansion, but I highly recommend it, even as a huge fan of Civ V."
76561198126990498,Recommended,226860,17128518,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Kameron,Great game with cool graphics and fun storyline!!
76561198023998492,Recommended,226860,17032765,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Master Z,"Its simply the best strategy space game ever... Graphics are phantastic ... to design own ships is so much fun..Gameplay is great...You can play it again and again because there are so many ways how to master the game...More leaderpictures usable for own designed civilisations would be great..Hope for Expansion....If you like turne based strategy games, its a must have"
,Recommended,226860,15812673,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,jdblue,"Buy GalCiv3. The game is fairly polished now, and I cannot overstate how much promise it has.Each empire has a unique tech tree, the moral development choices are robust and interesting, and with ""specialization"" techs, your empire's progression choices feel more important and interesting, rather than just a checklist of things you need to do.The replayability is fairly strong. Even if you don't have the strongest rig, you can enjoy the Excessive and Insane galaxy sizes. (I'm on an i7 equiv. processor with 16GB ram with an R9 290 graphics card, and Insane runs so well for me that I can tab out, play a youtube video in HD, tab back in, and still play the game.) There are some nice trait options for creating custom empires, and the resource system adds a fair amount of depth. Additionally, the devs do read player feedback and have made design changes based on that feedback before when it is compelling, well-written, and supported by the playerbase.There is now a robust modding system, and with the first major patch there will be Steam Workshop integration, which means that in addition to a very good vanilla experience you'll also be able to Go Where No One Has Gone Before, defend the Twelve Colonies or find Earth, or even use the Force (once someone gets around to those rather inevitable mods).I've already found a few custom playable race mods that are fairly impressive. The Kuja are one of them I highly recommend, so long as he updates the mod for release, which I suspect the author will do.On top of all that, Stardock is offering a once only, never-to-be-repeated FREE DLC of custom ship parts for anyone who has bought the game prior to May 17. Do so, or you'll never get a shot at that DLC again."
76561197997532269,Recommended,226860,15807852,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Codetoad,"Excellent game, I have been playing since early in the Beta.  The  last serveral drops have been amazing in how much polich has been added.With curcade the game is richer and a lot more enjoyable.  The quick bug fixes where greatly helpful.  I hope Stsrdock keeps building  on this."
76561198017552970,Not Recommended,226860,17866196,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Tax Corp,"looks good - but has no depth, no ai, generally disappointing game that after add-ons could become good in future."
76561198007607795,Not Recommended,226860,20107778,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,thewous,"As a player of GalCiv I and II - played many many many hours - I decided to pich GalCIV 3 up on sale. GalCiv 3 isnot just another remake of the previous versions, there really is some new gameplay in there. There's a nice storyline, though not as in depth as GalCiv 2. Overall I find GalCiv 3 a little dissapointing in the campaign - the reason why it takes a lot of gameplay hours is that the AI has a massive fleet and you need to research quite a bit beffore defeat is posible. I have yet to see the AI do a surprise strike or attack. Sure, there is some responsiveness - but i like the agression on GalCiv 2 better. For the current price there are better games out there"
76561198048403513,Not Recommended,226860,20205533,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,benjamin.hall,"BUYER BEWARE!This game is fun, right up until it hangs on an AI turn a few hours in to play during a multiplayer game. Apparently this is a known problem that's been present since the game was released and has yet to be addressed despite the developers releasing DLC recently. To describe it as frustrating is an understatement. I would not recommend buying it until the developers actually do something about this bug."
,Not Recommended,226860,20569098,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Avechat,"I'm big fan of Civilization like games. I already spent years playing them.Galactiv civilazations III is outstanding. The tactics are really deep and giving you many options. Unfortunately, I can't advise you to buy this game now. For two reasoms.First, AI. AI in this game is either stupid or very smart, nothing between.Second. Before latest patch released on the end of 2015, there was possibility to govern every planet in means of production, research and so. Kinda crucial feature of civ like games. I don't know why, but this feature was removed by the patch. Now, you can govern your whole empire at once or leave planet governance to AI. I consider this game unplayable now. Do not buy it unless they fix this feature."
76561198305381610,Recommended,226860,23197470,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,SnookSnook,Needs random AI personalities. Good game tho. Looks like the ship customizer is kinda buggy.
76561198037147862,Recommended,226860,23197249,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,DewwyDewart,Everything it's cracked up to be as a 4X strategy game. If you enjoy the genre you'll get your money's worth.
76561198107668772,Recommended,226860,23186991,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,N-210 Fusion-X Saboteur,Best Civ game Ive ever played (Ive played a lot)
76561198012888984,Recommended,226860,23194887,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,AHOLS,"""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥ IT'S 3 A.M."" is one of the things i have told myself daily ever since picking this game up."
76561198026281863,Recommended,226860,29331474,Posted: 17 January,all,Dr.Damage,"very nice and immersive experience, cool graphic and a lot of customization for races and ships, the ship editor gives you tons of tools to work with, for create unicque ships design. really enjoy this game"
76561198007165173,Not Recommended,226860,21368106,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,johnrj6,"I maybe doing something wrong but I think not.I am playing a custom race on the impossible size galaxy. I have something like 85 planets many with 30 tiles.  I am prepetually behind on tech and my best planets might produce 100 or so rp with a total of 6k.  So, I see a couple of bad guy planets and they have 800+ in research going on and much more industrial and cash than I have.  Once I take one of these planets, I get no benefits like this.  I also noticed that taking one planet brings in a huge area to my empire not the 14 or so across hex that my planets generate.I am not sure what the hey is going on.Update.  AI must also be able to spam ships and their fleets always seem to know where mine are."
76561198004928674,Not Recommended,226860,25388012,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Old Man Monkey,"This game was everything I remembered and enjoyed... right up until it froze at the end of a turn of a large universe, 8 player game. Apparently this issue has been part of the gameplay for more than six monthgs and still no repair.... moreover, since you don't discover this problem until you've played the game for more than 10 hours or more, I can't get a refund! Such a shame - it's not really the money, it's the lack of being honest and the failure to fix one of the best turn based games ever.... Sad!!!!"
76561197971300208,Recommended,226860,23795044,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,gabriel,"I am a big fan of Galactic Civilization going back to the original game and Masters of Orion before that. This latest version is a pretty and very stable product. It has several nice add-ons available, unfortunately you are kind of nickle and dimed for each little one. Overall this is a very nice game that will keep you humming along for many hours. However they are missing a few features from past versions that are needed such as the use of espionage (spies) and a master grid table screen that quickly gives you a comparison chart for all of your planets, which is a necessity for those of us that love to play the monster sized galaxies."
76561198048676430,Recommended,226860,32182049,Posted: 4 June,all,stmirh,Hours of fun
76561198027016760,Recommended,226860,17017423,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,broncodano,love it.  the tactical building of starships is an integral part of the game.  i love the tatical building of starships.
,Recommended,226860,19888648,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,tHe-BiNk,"Great 4X game. But little to no turotial/story. However, after the steep learning curve (if you haven't played I & II) it will give you great joy."
76561198091473266,Recommended,226860,19920884,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Korvatus Klok,Great game.  Wish I had more control over the designs and colors of custome made cilivizations.
,Recommended,226860,19968519,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,twotall1224,Its awesome!
,Recommended,226860,19978385,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Genshuku,"Like many current 4X games, it's a work in progress. You COULD decide to get it later, or you could get it now and let it sit on the shelf like a lot of other people do during sale time. Or, obviously, you could get it and play it forever. Either way, it's good. Get it eventually, galactic conquest hasn't been more satisfying!"
76561198232936968,Recommended,226860,17403488,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,adam.m.gensler,"I have been a fan of Galactic Civilizations ever since Stardock first developed it.  The third iteration brings a lot of satisfaction.  I love the newest features, such as adjacency bonuses, interspacial ship bases, and multiple constructor modules.I do  miss spying, though I'm sure it is still in development and will be updated shortly.The fact that my wife told me that she doesn't mind having a ""shared marriage"" with your game is a testament to my satisfaction.Edited to include my very high satisfaction with the Crusade expansion.  Definitely the best iteration of this already very good game."
76561197964047319,Recommended,226860,22403592,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,->DiE<-ManOwar,Great Space conquest game.... Only thing I dont like is the Ship Upgrade choices... you should be able to upgrade any ship to any other class of ship in your build set. Otherwise AWESOME Game
76561198018184800,Recommended,226860,31709845,Posted: 12 May,all,DaFRANCHIZE,"Fun game but after putting in a few sessions i hit the ""turn limit"". I was given 1 option, which was 'main menu'. there was a 'continue playing' that i was not allowed to use.Win or lose, I really start enjoying the late game very much, with things really starting to heat up. now my options seem to be pretty limited. Even when I 'lost' in most cases I was doing extremly well.So in conclusion It gets an upvote for gameplay, but in the end I wasnt allowed to continue on. which is a big down vote for me. There was still so much left, and it looks like ill have to settle for games that are pretty 1 dimentional, at least with regards to my race evolving. that is if i want any chance of seeing the end game content."
76561198044521683,Recommended,226860,19101274,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Ahneksoret,"So after sinking 100+ hours into this game I can say this, I highly recommend it! Its what you would expect from an amazing sandbox space epic. I will do a short pro/con list.Pro-Ship Designer (seriously good job Stardock!)-AI I found there was plenty of challenge-Race Customizations (who doesn't like that!?)-Tech trees (there are race specifics and also choices when you customize races)-Ship detail and surfacing-Beautiful top down view and just in generalCons-Steep learning curve-Late game can get repetitive-AI can be predictable late game-Strategy control in space battles is minimalThanks Steam and Stardock for a great game and easy access to it!"
,Recommended,226860,16980890,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Biggs,This game is pretty great.. if you like super great games
76561198018746037,Recommended,226860,17457212,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,SFCWAY,"I have very much enjoyed this game, very easy to MOD, made for hours of play time............"
76561198067049169,Recommended,226860,17992838,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,flaminwilly,"I was enjoying this game but removing the ultra terraformer in the recent update killed my main strategy. I am kind of upset and no longer like this game nearly as much as i did, otherwise i like the update and the game overall. My rating changes from 4/5 to 2/5 unfortunately. Maybe have an option in the game creation menu to disable certain techs instead?"
76561198239144472,Recommended,226860,18263436,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,retailmail126,"If you like Sci-Fi and Sid Meiers Civilization this is the game for you! I love the customization options, they really immerse you in the game. Create your own civilization, ships, civ traits, and even upload photos and videos for your totally custom civilization. Ship Designing is my favorite part. I would most definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes Turn Based Strategy games."
76561198118615625,Recommended,226860,17511952,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Phantom,Step 1: Download as many factions as possible.Step 2: Download ship models for each faction.Step 3: Start a new game and have victory set to Galactic conquest/diplomacy victoriesStep 4: Create the biggest universe your PC can handle.Step 5: Add each and every faction you have created/downloaded to the game.Step 6: Have fun!10/10 would Dalek Vs UNSC Vs Warhammer 40K orks Vs Turians again.
,Recommended,226860,18321373,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,UCTV,"Overall, Galactic Civilizations III is very fun and engrossing.  There is a very steep learning curve for those of us who have never played a previous incarnation of the franchise.  Looking at the tech tree for the first time or ten can be a bit overwhelming.  After playing through a game to learn the basics (set the AI to beginner on an insane size map and you can learn the basics without becoming too angry), the game becomes simple enough to be enjoyable.  One final tip: don't play a multiplayer game as your first game like I did.  The turns end up taking forever and many of the games I have played since involve hundreds of turns!"
76561197970865002,Recommended,226860,18064049,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,cunny,"Fantastic 4X game with a great interface and very smooth and intuitive mechanics. It takes a couple plays to get the tech tree, but once you do you'll be rolling. It is the closest I've played that is ""Civ in Space"" and I would say that it's mechanics nearly rival Civ 5. I would recommend this game over Endless Space for sure."
76561197990316523,Recommended,226860,19010040,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,[BL]SocksFoHands,"It runs a little clunky on my PC and has the odd crash here and there, plus like all Gal Civ games we're going to be waiting for the inevitable expansion packs to see it reach it's full potential.All that said, I'm still hooked, it still has the ""one more turn"" sensation that can make you keep going for hours. Plus this is hands down the best ship creator in any of the gal civ games and the addition of steam workshop contant is fantastic for adding new factions, ships and maps to keep the experience fresh.I bought it at the £20 sale price and very much feel like I'm getting my moneys worth and more out of it."
76561198239614840,Recommended,226860,17975447,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,SGT,"If you like the CIV games you will like this game, simple as that"
76561197970320297,Recommended,226860,18142460,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,ceruleansin,"Awesome game, loads of depth with the ability to control everything, or just skip over and speed things up."
76561198008333706,Recommended,226860,18257619,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,jesalzwedel,"Classic 4X space strategyBasically, Galactic Civilizations II got a facelift, a few new features, and a modified tech tree.Perfect. Don't mess with the best. The Galactic Civilization franchise has a monopoly on great space 4X strategy.If you are new to Galactic Civilizations, this game is like Civilization meets Starcraft, but perhaps more accessible than both. The fact that every technology you research allows you to continuosly create custom starships that are incrementally better and better, and every new tech allows either a new planetary upgrade, better economy, or some other meaningful change, keeps you thinking ""one more turn"".5-out-of-5"
76561198006523642,Recommended,226860,18327726,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Wolf 359,"Really enjoying this space faring epic...Don't like the term 4x as it overly simplfies a game like this. Extremely easy to pick up for anyone who played Civ or similar, and yet a lot to get your teeth into in terms of depth. The addition of Steam workshop support suits this type of game very well indeed. And on sale I could'nt pass it up. Regular updates and new content from the developer should ensure this SiFi universe has a long and prosperous future."
76561198008264313,Recommended,226860,18259821,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,charlesandrew,"Great game, could have done with a better tutorial"
76561198015347299,Recommended,226860,17385109,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,scireader84,Its a great game and they really went all out but i would still like to have more than 3 campaign missions like all the previous galactic civ games i have played
76561198113933353,Recommended,226860,17387476,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Fearless Majestic Z,Oh wow where do I start? Ok the question is not what is good about this game because this game does almost everything well. It's a Civilization game that will make Cid Meier's Civilization's series fans jealous and wanting more.  This game has so much depth that it is just too scary. AI are well done in this game as well. And finally the customization options are very close to limitless.The real question is what is worng with this game. Only thing I see so far worng is that it has some instablitiy issues when trying to load up a multi-player game with 3 players and 16 NPC factions. Other then that it's very very very good.
76561198070470089,Recommended,226860,16965585,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Gatekeeper,"Great and customizable, missing some features for true depth.  Hopefully expansions and updates will address."
76561197995067082,Recommended,226860,16964501,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Damec,"Strategy gamer for 20 years!! and this is One of the best games I ever played!! No bugs, no chrashes, it is amazingly well balanced betwen the races, you can chose so many diferent approach to win the game and thats what fascinate me at most. Played for now almost 500 hours and I'm still in :P Sick!!I recomend to everyone who likes this tipe of games and ""he"" or ""she""  will not be sorry for money they pay."
76561197995166156,Not Recommended,226860,16967221,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,anavel,"I would have loved this game, if it were not released in an Alpha code.  DO NOT BUY THIS POS.  Look at my account records.  155+ hours played, and I have yet to complete a game.  Not. One. Single. Game.  This is not due to my acumen, but rather a failure point that ALWAYS happens.BSOD's and random freezes to the max.  Maybe check it out if you like the no win scenario.  I hope Stardock hires a Kirk to hack their Kobayashi Maru.0 out of 10."
,Recommended,226860,17386654,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ZedKnight,"I really like the game, its Civ in space - whats not to like? But there are lots of things that are limited. No captains, ships crew don't level and the game crashes constantly in late game multiplayer."
76561198067950897,Recommended,226860,17356169,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,startrooper01,"It is great, really. Only thing I am missing is spying. Also the tactic battles would be great :)"
76561198042561833,Not Recommended,226860,17378228,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,demogorge13,"for a game that took so long to come out. its a total let down. not worth the money.  many, many bugs."
76561198014709878,Recommended,226860,17387272,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,mensmans,Love the game but I do miss a longer storyline campaign like in the 1 and 2
,Not Recommended,226860,17358446,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Stryker,"Not yet.   Those who are familiar with GC2, GC3 has less features.   I'll echo what others have said.  The game was released too early with too many bugs and not quite finished features.  I sincerely hope they will be added as free patches and not as DLC.  If so, I will regret being a pre-order supporter and beta tester."
76561198006745923,Recommended,226860,17344751,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Protomartyr,Each iteration refines this fun game further.  Definitely worth if you like 4X.
76561197974501075,Recommended,226860,17376315,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Endless Nameless,"Still has some bugs.  But not bad.  Has a lot of potential.  Ship options for construction could use some streamlining as it can get pretty confusing.  UI isn't bad, but could use some tweaking.  AI seems hellbent on going to war no matter what you do or say."
76561197999775457,Recommended,226860,17382919,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Vendetta,"Been a fan of this series for a while this game does not disappoint, some nice and needed additions to the previous versions.only one gripe for me and that is the modification to the learning paths on the tech tree, looking forward to spending some quality time playing this gamewould thoroughly recommend"
76561197967596469,Recommended,226860,17384086,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Aces&eightS,Just one more turn.
,Recommended,226860,17398204,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,[NL]Ben,"It's a good game, although it might be nice to add some more 'meat' to it. Warning, can have a steep learning curve."
76561198073757356,Recommended,226860,17378331,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,jeffbenefiel,"The game has enough depth for the meta gaming micromanangers yes enough click throughs that you can just go on autopilot if you want. The diplomacy interactions are humorous. I have found that single player on the easy settings it's very easy to just crank up Influence and win that way without firing a shot, however not always and sometimes you can get zerged early on. I liked the choices by the AI for your ships when the game was released, after the patches the AI acts kinda stupid with armor/weapon allotment and I'm forced to go to the 'designer' to even things out, which is annoying. Also, some of the ships for the Drengin don't match (you click three different Huge ship hull types and the same exact picture comes up, which is a bug). Have had some issues with the AI hanging up while taking it's turn forcing me to force save and reload, hopefully fixed with future patches. The freigters are so slow you will need to redesign them yourself, again a lot of fiddly stuff in the micro when your should be more worried about the macro."
,Recommended,226860,16963338,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Two Bulky,"Although it takes a little bit of time to get into and to understand the game mechanics, its a great time sink."
76561198024439937,Not Recommended,226860,33738736,Posted: 23 July,all,buettner.adam,"I deleted my other review because someone finally got back to me about my issue, but it turn out they are not much helpful, I have given them the have requested, not only on this computer does this game not work but also another computer in the household that exceeds the minimum reguirements. The tech support has had my diagnostics file for 2 plus days now with no responce. The game doesn't load and actually after following steps for the fixes this company posts it actually got worse. This game has been a waste of money and at this time I want a fix or my money back, I am going to try to see if i can start a process with steam to get my money back."
76561198023369565,Recommended,226860,18279808,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,edojin,"GalCiv2 was one of those games that I went back to again and again over a long period of time--more than most any other games I've ever had.  The new GalCiv3 plays a bit differently, and there are a few features I miss from GalCiv2, but the new game is far more expansive, and the ship creator is far superior.  I have enjoyed it greatly."
76561198007665182,Recommended,226860,14716699,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Cannon,"I'm a big fan of the franchise however to those out there looking at this game I'd say this - it is very much in alpha stage (not beta). So much content is disabled, and there are a tonne of bugs.Given the maturity of the game in its current form (at beta 4) I strongly disagree with being charged for the product. It should be open to the community for testing free of charge.It does promise to be a great game though, when its finished... so while I recommend it I also recommend you hold on to your coin until its released."
76561198009409694,Recommended,226860,14717613,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Alpha,"Love the game... it's complex, has a ton of creativity in terms of building your own ships (having to add weapons/equipment to your ship etc.)There is lots to come, no question but imo, definately worth the money.You have to be into this stuff ofc. You have to like complexity in games, you have to like investing a f*ck ton of time understanding every single bit of the game, making your own ships with the editor and so on and so forth."
76561198106830909,Recommended,226860,23879261,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rho,"I ♥♥♥♥ing bought every simgle minor and major race with alliances, treaties and credits thinking I could control the United Planets Council as easy as in the previous Galactic Civilizations.I was so wrong... they backstabbed me voting for another chairman.10/10 would lose the Chairman election again, ♥♥♥♥ing squidfaces."
76561198105546998,Recommended,226860,15826027,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,aaron,"Absolutely the best 4X strategy game developed (again)! Too many features to discuss but I will say that it is addictive.  And this, after all, is the determining factor for me on whether a game is good or not.  So prepare yourself for many wasted err… repurposed hours of entertainment."
76561197962939637,Not Recommended,226860,16698548,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,siafu,"From the promotional materials and videos, I had thought this would be a true successor to Master of Orion.  Sadly, however, this game is basically just an overpriced Civ clone, and a bad one at that. While it might be worth the buy at $15, you're well advised to spend your money elsewhere at any higher price point."
,Recommended,226860,18083400,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,thevoidwalkerplays,"I loved Gal Civ II and spent way more time creating races than I am willing to admit, and here-in lies the charm of Gal Civ III: the customisation. The game is a robust 4X space game but the real beauty comes from the fact that you can upload your own art to be the face of your race, or other peoples that you have got off the internet, so easily. Modding the game is as easy as dropping a jpeg into a folder! And the customisation of the ships, although a little fiddly sometimes, is really really varied, and gives you even more power to customise your race. You want a race of floating shafts in space led by your leader Bagpuss the Mighty? This game has you covered. The combat is still pretty simple (think civilization style), you watch but don't have much control. The building on planets is very similar still to older games such as Master of Orion, and works well enough. The map you do most the playing on is great, and works well up close, and automatically changes things to easy to see tactical icons when you zoom out further. The tech tree is varied enough to keep things interesting, and knowing the previous Gal Civ games this will get even more love down the line. The diplomacy is good (not great though), sometimes the aliens do make crazy decisions and go to war over the drop of a hat with a more powerful race, but it keeps things interesting. The sheer size of the galaxy is crazy when playing on the larger map settings and makes for a long game with a lot of scope.If you'd like to check out my series on YouTube you'll get to see the more silly side of the customisation and the sheer scope of this game:Galactic Civilizations : The Nochin Chronicles - Series 1"
,Recommended,226860,16870540,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Gawdzend,"Owned the game for about fourteen days at this point, my ratio averages around ten hours per day.Sleep once again became a foreign concept during the time I spent alone in the ship editor.Would definitely recommend for those who enjoy Civilization, Sins of a Solar Empire, and the ilk."
76561198050097540,Recommended,226860,18229238,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Steele,"The gameplay is an excellent upgrade on Galactic Civilisations 2 and its expansions, however the lack of campaign (3 missions total) when advertised as a campaign oriented game was very disappointing, also the mechanics of planetary invasion are more basic than that of previous games. There isn't even a screen to watch your troops slogging it out. I expected a visual and complex system for planetray invasions, and there is none. If you're looking for a full blow story and plenty of objectives to complete, you won't find it here."
76561198031073159,Recommended,226860,18222848,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,jwcorney,"Good game.  Scratches a different itch than the Civ games.  Some definite flaws with the way the space battles play out, and for those that need a really immersive experience might just lose the fun when they watch them."
76561198079715450,Recommended,226860,18246711,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,poelmeister,"I like this game, I played II to shreds, and I'm a big fan of the genre.However. As I advance, all I seem to do is upgrade starbases. The planetary stuff I can leave to a governor, but upgrading starbases is just an annoying, turn consuming effort that at the moment is just doing my head in. Sure, I can request construction ships with no effort, but then I still have to click them and upgrade them and do the whole thing over and over and over and over again. My science is running like crazy atm, so before any construction ship reached a starbase, I will have invented one or two new technologies. Would it really be that hard to fork the governor mechanic to the starbases? So I can focus on enjoying the game?So I rate this game at about 6.0 out of 10. It' s still a beauty and a marvel of game design. So yeah I'll recoommend it, but I do hope they find a way to make endgame less tedious."
76561198110177996,Recommended,226860,19734094,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,HOSSMAN,"Decided to play some Gal Civ after dinner. Forced myself to go to bed at 5 AM.This game is highly addictive, deep 4x strategy with brilliant writing and good sense of humour. However, i wouldnt say that it has high replayability. When i first started it i thought ""ah , finally i found a game that i can keep playing for months"" ,but after winning 1 game, i didnt feel the urge to start another. Maybe its just me, and it definetely doesnt make this game unworthy.Pros :Every good thing u can think of in 4x strategy = its probably here , so i wont bother to mention them.Cons :-There are few game mechanics that make every game look kinda the same at the start. Like creating dual constructors, trading with minor races, etc.- Cheating AI. This is the biggest minus for me. I witnessed the situation when i invaded the planet of an AI , and because it was deep in his teritory - i decided to just destroy every structure on it , so when he gets it back - he wont benefit from it. AI took the colony back. I invaded it again in about 4-5 turns. And whatddaya know - colony was fully furnished again and there EVEN WERE UNIQUE RESOURCES , that randomly spawn and cant be build (i destroyed them previously too). Drenging Empire is the biggest cheater of them all, if Drengin is in the game - he will be the most powerful race 10 times out of 10. Even if you conquer like 90% of his space - he will still be rushing HUGE capital ships on every turn, even tho there is just NO WAY he could have money for it.Overall , its a very good and fun 4x strategy that i highly recommend , plus developers seem to be constantly reviewing it and patching , so i think and hope it will only become better."
76561198026850169,Recommended,226860,14875861,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,LoveLessAeris,with knowing nothing about the game or even how to playmy frist game got my ### kicked......but seeing that this game is Early Access and has alot of growing i 100% love the idea's that they have placed on this game where you can talk with your fellow races and kill them or deal with them theres also small ways to gain a large led in both reseach and other such items with the Relics i enjoy the game as a whole and can't wait too see the next updatemy rank8/10 ( will be a 9 when they come out with more parts to add too the ship desigh or add upload and download of ship desighs that other players come out with )
76561198019205302,Recommended,226860,18026163,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,txbacon,Just. One. More. Turn.12 hours later...Just. One. More. Turn.
,Recommended,226860,15886160,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,pointystickofpoking,"Amazing doesn't even begin to cover it. Galactic Civilizations III, or GalCiv3 is without exaggeration MoO level of masterpiece. It has the indescribable ""just one more turn"" hook that too many 4x games lack today. When I bought the Elite Founder Edition of this game, a few people laughed me and said I was wasting time and money on it. Well look who's laughing now. Free DLC and Expansions for the game's entire lifespan. Feels good man."
76561197975096887,Not Recommended,226860,18209477,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Castellan,"This game won't even start up on my system. I have all the latest drivers, and a computer vastly over the listed system requirements. No response from Stardock, and following the posted troubleshooting guides didn't help at all. It's been a long time since I couldn't even get a game to start. After spending many, many hours in GalCiv2, I'm very disappointed."
76561198028126223,Recommended,226860,17852968,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,markokrcmar,CRASHING ALL THE TIME otherwise a good game
76561198052365548,Recommended,226860,23734269,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,amers1096,"I can't stop playing it.  It kicks my a$$ every single time, but, I still want to play.  10/10 - I need anger management now."
76561198029300088,Not Recommended,226860,25555137,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,yenkin2001,"Having Loved the first two, I was very excited to jump into GalCiv3.  Put it on the easy level like I usually do to just learn what I need to do.  I was playing nice with my neigbours and bang 3 of them declared war and destroyed me.  The game itself plays like you expect this series to play, and I don't mind a tough game, but my god, I started over a couple of times and still  had trouble getting started.  Seemed even at the easy level the AI was jumping ahead way to quick.Ship Design, which is a important part of the game seemed to be much harder than before, then I took my newly designed ships into battle and they did nothing.  I got blasted into oblivion.  Heck I was ahead, so my ships should have done somehing but they seem to move around and do nothing.  I think in terms of play this game would have benefited from a tactical battles.While I expect a learning curve to be difficult, but at the easiest level one should not find overly aggresive AI who go to war with a drop of a hat.  Can I recommend this, It would be tough not to just go back to GalCiv2 which was a great game.  Sorry maybe they will tone it down with a few patches.I truly want to like this game, but it came off my machine, it is really  unplayable.  4/10"
76561198005263559,Recommended,226860,23336475,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,goblinrecruit,"Changed perhaps a little too much from GalCiv 2. Liked the galaxy layout better in 2, and it was much easier to keep track of ships and upgrades in 2. That said, it does grow on you as you get used to play, and there are many things that were done very well, like planet classes and variety. Overall I recommend it for those that liked 2 and are willing to have patience while they learn 3."
,Recommended,226860,23339818,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Happychappie,This game appeals to the OCD in all of us.  Still has some bugs to work out with the AI.
76561197971203678,Recommended,226860,21348541,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,mr_mega_drive,"Although this game can be a tad complex for new players after you take a while to learn the ins and outs of constructing buildings and ship design which are a tad complex this game really is a gem.In an age where decent turn based strategy games seem to becoming rare with the demise of Total War and Civ this holds the banner of TBS high.If you give it a chance prepair to lose hours of your life building a galactic empire, trading with other races and kicking the s@*% out of anyone who dares defy you.Not just one of the best space based TBS games this is one of the best TBS games of all time full stop.8.5/10 If you love strategy you will love this. BUY IT!"
76561198071172414,Recommended,226860,19549757,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,jgmitch,"very good game...several hundred hours of play as various in game players...allows you to go from poor and defensless to wealthy and military strong throughout the play...you do not have to be the most powerful or smartest techy to win the game...many surprises occur along the way, depending on the way you set the starting of the game."
76561198033543739,Recommended,226860,23576003,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,flyingltj,"It's not bad at all. Aside from some very bizarre/retro game crashes and a temperamental race creator, the game runs like a gem. The planet variety and planet artwork could use an overhaul but having some throwback graphics in games from time to time isn't the worst. The AI difficulty seems on par with most 4x games, and the ship builder is a major plus. I'm not a fan of DLCs at all, but let's just hope the game can continue to improve despite them.4/5... only 4 because of the DLCs. Otherwise would be 5."
,Not Recommended,226860,25509348,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Danizal,"I've played this game largely within two different times. At first when it first came out to about 8 months and the second was just a few days ago. This game used to be great. It isn't anymore. The devs have overbalanced the AI when in single player to the point where you can never catch up. Even when I focus on military research to make my race a war machine, there were two other AI races with twice the research and three times the military power in only the span of an hour. Now, I'm not a game developer but how do you play a game with this much of a disadvantage even when the AI is on normal? The answer..? You don't. I couldnt enjoy this game at all because of this overbalancing. The AI is unbeatable. And I've played tons of 4x strategy games in my years. Never came across bogus balancing. Somewhere in the span of an hour, the AI gets free research, income and planets to make up this much of a disadvantage. The AI does not progress the same as you, where you start out with just a single planet and some starter ships. In a skirmish, where everyone is supposed to start out brand new with almost nothing.I couldnt even get a refund for this garbage because the time it took to notice this kind of overbalancing was over the 2 hour game time refund policy for steam. This is just terrible for gc3 and steam. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME!"
76561198323949350,Recommended,226860,25674477,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,darrengoodall,"Creating worlds,war ships,govermental policies, alliances, they are all very well thought out. However the lack of voices in this day and age is unaccepatable,and the war simulations are very poor."
76561198030908332,Recommended,226860,21330800,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Pauline Hanson for PM!!!,"Very good game, love it :)"
76561198001956078,Recommended,226860,21467808,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mastah Jedi,One of the best 4x games ever!
,Recommended,226860,35430457,Posted: 2 October,all,ATX Ferret,"I am trying a new format for my reviews. Please leave me some feedback on the format of my review, if you take the time to read it. Thank you!Note that my review is of the base game, after the changes/upgrades made to the base game with the launch of Crusade, but without owning the Crusade expansion.Summary: Overall, I'd give this game an 7/10 – Better than most 4X games, but it still feels a bit shallow. I think the genre still has a lot of growth potential. That said, this might be the peak, at least for right now.What is it?A turn-based 4X that feels slightly faster paced than most, filled with familiar faces, to those of us that have played previous games. For those who haven’t, those faces will become familiar enough.Why I like about it:I love the fact the this is a 4X game where you can actually turn your empire on a dime from a cultural powerhouse to a war machine, if needed. No, it won’t be quite as advanced as if you had planned for that from the start, but you won’t just get run over, either. Nobody likes that in 4X games, watching all of their careful planning get plowed through because the RNG placed the game’s version of Klingons on their door step, and their race is optimized for an influence victory. In GalCiv III, it’s actually possible to defend yourself, through diplomacy and through intelligently building fleets that counter your enemy. It’s a nice change from most other 4X games.What I don’t like about it:You can’t control anything about the fights. The ships simply fight, and that’s that. You can watch, and it’s pretty, but you can’t interact. It seems like, in space, a big part of the fight would be the strategy, but you don’t get to have a strategy. You only get to watch.Also, it feels like a lot of the game is poorly explained, if at all. For instance, you have asteroids that you can mine. It shows the distance to the nearest planet. It doesn’t show what that means. For example, is there a drop off in benefit? What is the benefit, anyway? You can do some digging to find some vague info, but only after you have built the asteroid mine. Cultural influence is similarly vague, and apparently changed almost entirely with Crusade, so even the answers you find online will conflict with each other. This is a game that needs either tooltips or a user manual, yet has neither, at least not in enough quantity or detail. Also, the game leads in like there is a story (campaign), but that only lasts about 2-3 hours at most. That almost feels scammy. If people are looking for that experience, they’re going to feel pretty let down considering that’s just enough time to not be able to get a refund, and then they’re left to play “sandbox” games because that’s all there is. That said, with many 4X games, that’s all there is, period.Who should buy it?I would recommend it to those 4X players who enjoy turn-based, balanced repetition, that produces clear results. Don’t expect deep storyline or replayability by way of new and interesting surprises, though. The current “Recent Reviews” score of “Mixed” seems way off. This is a much higher quality game than that would suggest.Is the price fair?The $29.99 asking price seems fair to me, considering the infinite replayability, so long as you like the core game mechanics. It’ll take a while to get all the Steam achievements, if nothing else. It also goes on sale fairly often, so if you’re on the fence, you can count on an eventual price cut.How does it stand out?This game is the culmination of decades of hard work and expertise in this genre. Nobody else comes close, when it comes to experience. Unfortunately, any longstanding lore advantages are absent, as the stories of these persistent races are largely forgettable, and so most of us who have played the older games have, in fact, forgotten. I would love for them to port the old games’ stories into the new game engine, just so that we can remember where it all came from, but I know that costs money.Graphics:The graphics are decent. The cinematic space battles are especially nice, but seem almost wasted, considering watching them instead of clicking “Quick Battle” is, in essence, a very pretty waste of time. It changes nothing.Music:The music is good, but there is only so much of it, and it starts to drone pretty quickly. You will switch to your own music soon enough.Sound Effects:Meh. Not great. The space battles are about what you would expect, and destroying a planetary improvement causes a sound that is so irritating that I have to believe the developers wanted to punish us for some reason.Stability and Polish:The game is very stable, and seems very polished, now that they have gotten over the few bugs from the initial launch of the new content.Age and Future of the Game:The new updates are very recent, as is the Crusade DLC, so time will tell if they continue to release new, quality content. I hope they do, or get to work on GalCiv IV!Replayability:Story-wise, there is none. 4X-wise, there is quite a bit of replayability. It plays just like any other 4X that way, especially if you want to gather all of the Steam achievements.All things considered, this is definitely a buy for lovers of the 4X genre. For others, maybe not so much, but then again, 4X games are kind of a love ‘em or hate ‘em kind of thing, aren’t they?"
76561197983509350,Recommended,226860,31695875,Posted: 11 May,all,Oldwolf,GC3 Is a welcome addition to the GalCiv franchise. It offers many new and challanging ways to run a space faring Civilixzation.I truly enjoy playing.
76561198021094625,Recommended,226860,32519405,Posted: 17 June,all,cousarmy0001,"I played Gal Civ II quite a bit, though it was rather buggy and I wound up having to buy it 2-3 times altogether.Gal Civ III, however, is a lot smoother and better done.  There's a lot of similarities, but enough changes to differentiate it from its predecessor.  The graphics are terrific, and the gameplay is as challenging as ever."
76561198036091408,Recommended,226860,33168953,Posted: 2 July,all,maltz,As good as the Civilization series!
76561198004904914,Recommended,226860,33061286,Posted: 30 June,all,bobjones522,"An enjoyable enough game - and quite addictive, but this is just the same graphics and gameplay as (the much older) Space Empires IV, but minus the advanced techs (ability to create/destroy planets, suns, etc)."
76561198085894284,Not Recommended,226860,23761277,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,live2ridedh,"Pretty disappointed with my purchase. I preordered, because I really liked the older GalCiv games. If I had got it on sale I might feel a bit differently, but I paid full price for what I expected to be a good game. It is an okay game. Just a bit shinier than the last. Nothing fundamentally different. Maybe even a bit worse because it seems to lack depth somehow. For example, the AI is pretty flawed. The enemy will trade away just about whatever strategic resources you can pay for. Want my survey ship on turn 3? np. What gets me, and why I will never buy another GalCiv game again is the nearly immediate release of $5 DLC content that just should be part of the game. This kind of grab for money with no real innovation is just crap that I cannot support. It is really terrible. It is such a good concept with a lot of potential that just isn’t reached. Overall value 3/10."
76561198122414944,Recommended,226860,29636270,Posted: 1 February,all,thunderhawkrises,"Classic, all time great.... if it worked, shame.Lots of bugs and glitches to an otherwise brillient game. Just to had a pic to a created race can be very time consuming and difficult to do. Battle scenes are just animated movie scenes but its more about designing a race. I loved this game but it needs to be improved. Trade doesnt seem to work."
76561198049737576,Recommended,226860,32095020,Posted: 31 May,all,Lunitic,"Normal Game:Spend 20 minutes customizing race to prepare for game.Get into game, build up bases in your area.Discover Alien race, they lke me!No wait they don't, they declare war...Buy mercs to deal with them, sue for peace.Get to end game while stacking bounses.Start a crusade claiming all of the alien planents.One alien is really far away... so ally them!Win.Hard Game:Give as many bonuses as you can to your throw together race.Turtle to build up technology.Discover alien, look at their techs, see they have 40+ more than you somehow.They declare war within a few turns.Look at bazaar to grab some mercs, alien already bought them, and they are coming for you.Have 2 more races discover you and declare war.Pour gas on computer.Light on fire.Go enjoy the outdoors while you still can.10/10 would get destroyed by evil alien alliance again."
76561198006770692,Not Recommended,226860,20228400,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,WastedBagels,"Empire building is top notch. Unfortunately for those like myself that enjoy fighting from time to time, the combat amounts to little more than taking two toy spaceships and mashing them together until one breaks."
76561198186493806,Recommended,226860,33871108,Posted: 28 July,all,Sayoara,So far i really like the game. but i would like it more  if multiplayer allowed mods. it seems like the community has died off. i can not find any multiplayer matches. i give the game a  8/10
76561198037965139,Recommended,226860,34520433,Posted: 26 August,all,Red,"Where to begin?Well, GC3 is indeed a unique and honestly quite deep turned based 4X-style strategy-management game. It's basically the civilization series but in space.Galactic Civ 3 is very intuitive, and user friendly, and my favorite part being the numerous customization possibilities.Building ships in the designer, and in game is absolutely awesome, and that is the standalone thing that separates GC3 from any other similar titles, allowing the player to feel like the fleets they control are actually their own creations winning battles.However, there is some downs...The graphics, well, it depends. If you have a potato pc, the game will run fine (with the exception of the 3d battle sims). Unfortunately, great pc or not, the actual effects and so forth are a little... unremarkable. For me, I've found that GC3 is not about the graphics, but the gameplay.Speaking of which.It is what you may expect of a 4x turn based strategy-management. It's pretty easy to pick up, and can be a lot of fun. Patience is important in this game. I feel the researching is a little... cluttered and clunky.Most games you play in GC3 will start slow, sometimes... excrutiatingly so.If I were the developers, I personally would focus on making gameplay more immersive. Suggestions include:-this one is big; Domestic Affairs. One immersion breaker that hurts badly in this game is that there is quite simply zero domestic events or decisions. For example, regulating trade for your own colonies, more advanced information on cities and settlements on planets, local political events such as a governer election or something of that sort- and the list goes on.-ship construction is a little lackluster. I honestly feel that the numbers of ships that you can actually deploy over a period of time is too small. I'd imagine huge fleets of perhaps a few capital ships, but hundreds of individual fighter/bomber/intercepter type craft. It feels as if the scaling is far too small. One big hitter for me and many people is the real huge scale of space, and the density of populations and militaries.Concluding this review, I can easily say, if you enjoy strategy games similar to Civilization, GC3 is a must.It is a little rough in areas, such as graphics and some gameplay, but overall, I'd say GC3 is a solid 7/10."
76561198047949504,Not Recommended,226860,33912691,Posted: 30 July,all,drekmastermind,"This game is so buggy. I was not able to finish even one game...* Crashes every so often* Game will not complete AI turns, getting stuck on  ""Wait"" (loading to previous turn will replicate problem, so you need to lose progress...)If you enjoy spending time verifying files, reinstalling and going through online guides to make a game work then this is a definite buy!Maybe they maintain all of the DLCs better, I dont know... but the base game is just broken."
76561198171542679,Recommended,226860,32329732,Posted: 10 June,all,Arc2552,"I LOVE THIS GAME!Especially since the Crusade Expansion this game has it all!While this is like Civ in that you choose your race and do your own thing using the strengths of that race, there is a lot of story that could have been told as well.  There are several campaigns though most revovle around the Human race, I persoanlly would have loved to seen a campaign for each race in the game with well thought out story so the player really gets to know more about them.  This does not stop me playing at all... I have spend many hours on this game and just really enjoy it!"
76561197974210670,Not Recommended,226860,33954899,Posted: 1 August,all,mahoodlum,"Not enough of an improvement over GC2I have a feeling i'm getting my pockets picked for content that should have been in there to begin with!If you really must have it, get it 75% off, with all the DLC."
,Recommended,226860,34536603,Posted: 27 August,all,TheUniporn,"I have to admit that at first I was impressed with the game. It does a lot of things right: it has a nice resource system where you store up a wide variety of materials, rich technology tree, cool spaceship customization, etc. It even has espionage (take that Stellaris). It has mercenaries implemented in a fun way. The game even looks pretty, so what went wrong? Well, the game is unpolished and unbalanced, not to mention the AI is pretty meh. Extra research points don't carry over to the next tech. Technology trading can be very frustrating because you don't want to take a technology that make you unable to research other variants of it which you would've preferred instead. In a single war, you can conquer and assimilate countless planets without much objection from the existing population. The ideology system, which is strongly related to the morality system, doesn’t make all that much sense and seems quite imbalanced. Slowdown late game even on powerful machines. And there is more but I'll stop here.This game doesn't require much more to be a really good game but since the game is ""gold"" I doubt that we will see much improvement in the future if at all.Rating: This game is a can of wormholes.Recommendation: You can probably find something else you like more.http://pixelloot.com"
76561198172380783,Recommended,226860,34442444,Posted: 23 August,all,andmarglo89,"I recommend giving the game but would recommend trying it with the Crusade Expansion since it changes the gameplay considerable and in my opinion better than the base game.The things I liked about the game were:-The civilization builder ( lots of customization option, but more option for customization was added in crusade)-The galaxy maps can get massive in this game-The unique technology trees ( In the base game each civilization had a technology tree specific to that civilization, in crusade the technology tree depends on the life form of the civilization and the civilizations traits)- The game has a interesting story based campaignThings that I disliked were:-The game still has some balance issues- There still are some bugs that need fixingOverall I recommend giving the game a try."
76561198007776341,Recommended,226860,35479749,Posted: 4 October,all,FRED,A very good game.l a very recommended title.
76561198044559723,Recommended,226860,35480487,Posted: 4 October,all,ramboing,"Many good points about this game, including great civilization customization.You can change Many aspects of the game to fit your tastes; default xml files for crusades (not the campaign) are in Steam\steamapps\common\Galactic Civilizations III\DLC\EXP2_Crusade\Game.  You can edit these files and put them in Documents\My Games\GC3Crusade\Mod\ExampleMod\Game.  (You can copy the ExampleMod folder and/or rename it if you want)"
76561197960873896,Recommended,226860,33538230,Posted: 14 July,all,Sgt Sandstorm,"The single player 'mission' was fun but it was very short.  The skirmish mode is also fun, but turned into more of a grind to level up the tech.  Maybe I didn't see an option to up the starting tech level from nothing, but that would speed the game up dramatically.  A small skirmish game would take me 8-10 hours to play.  A large game would take a week to finish.Pros:  They put a ton of thought into all aspects of the races interacting.  Military/Diplomacy/Treaties/Trade.  The space battles are fun to watch.  I really liked the 'galactic events' in which something happends and you have to choose one of three options on how to handle the situation.  Then based on your decision, it will unlock certain things for you.  There also has been a ton of modding done from the community that seems pretty easy to incorporate into the main game.  You can add ships and races from basically every Sci-fi show out there from Star Wars, Galactica, all the Star Trek franchaises and even races from Dawn of War.Cons:  No real way to have a quick game.  The land battles are a joke to watch.If you like any of the other Civ games, you will like this one."
76561198098230609,Recommended,226860,33771322,Posted: 24 July,all,Ecks,"Been a fan since the last GalCiv, and this one doesn't dissapoint."
76561198140810048,Recommended,226860,34424492,Posted: 22 August,all,paleobear,"Plays well enough. Plenty to look at and do and contemplate. Definately need a good PC with better than average capacity to play. I see the big effort to reduce the spam level on ships and starbases. Quality over quantity so to speak. Huge fleets can be fun, but years ago I played Stars! or EOFS and the number of units got to be so bloated we made Excel tools to keep track. I did accounting at work; didn't want to do it for a hobby, too. GalCiv III may seem a bit pricy but Stardock seems committed to upgrades, both in free fixes/additions, and DLC. I know total bundle cost seems high, but the fact that GalCiv II was playable for 10 years should be kept in mind. My playtime on that came out to pennies or fractions thereof per hour. I have seen people spend $50-70 on Xbox or PS4 games that were duds and NO updates of fixes were ever offered. Plenty of free or low cost strategy games out there for the budget minded. Wesnoth, EOFS, etc... We all know maybe only 1 in 20 games we buy get played more than once, so if you have any doubts or are short on rent money do not buy until this is on sale. If you have the scratch to experiment, this is a fair risk to purchase.  Next, I really may have to upgrade my PC to fully enjoy this (and other future) games of high complexity. And my machine is only 14 months old. Something developers may have in mind - they know if they cater to machines that are average today their game won't have a long shelf life. I recall GaLCiv II and Civ IV used to really push/crash my old tired crap-box PC in 2007. But I played those games on newer PCs up until 2-3 days ago. It would be a fine thing to have some new brain candy to tinker with for another decade. Am still too early into exploring all the interfaces and options, but I am not unpleased so far. My rusty old brain cogs are turning. I recommend the game as of right now, but reserve the right to edit or change my tune."
76561197986331836,Recommended,226860,15827306,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,CharlieChap,"Technicaly impressive successor to the earlier Galactic Civilization games.There is much to like about this, it is a high quality 4x, but  it  has as yet to really grab my attention and I don't find myself having spent a lot of time playing it... far less than the quirky Stardrive 2 which is far less developed but seems to have more soul."
76561198020812877,Not Recommended,226860,17985016,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Amerange,I had fun doing the first Campaigns to learn the game but when I started my first real game i noticed the flaws behind the beautiful graphics.If you are into doing a playthruth with many planets to colonize and want every tech to mean something by lowering production values and research value then this is not the game for you. The modifiers are put on planet level instead of changing the overall cost of production and science so it becomes very unbalanced and counterintuitive to how it is in other similar games where they get this right. From my point of view it is programmer taking an easy way out to not have to design the research and production modifiers as they should have been. Since this is a dealbreaker for me I can not recommend this game.If you get it for 10 Euro then it is worth something for the start campaign. From my point of view not worth 49.99 Euros
76561198065640042,Not Recommended,226860,20196935,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,msmith7m7,"I got this game back when Galactic Civ first came out. Basic play was enjoyable then as it is now. Ives peen about 40 hours in this version of the game. – That is the Good!The BAD!The mechanics of play are pretty much the same as they were in the mid-90s. This means the game is pretty primitive by today’s standards. They have mostly just dug out the old game and added 21st century graphics. Graphics are nice for the first few hours but you spend most of your play at that old 20th century graphics levelTactical combat is nothing more than a 70’s style arcade rendition of a coin-video console with combat odds resolution. PRIMITIVE!Many of the games concepts are poorly developed (wormholes), diplomacy, tech tree, planetary development etc – none of which have progressed much past the mid-90’sIn short the reduced price of $25 is pushing it.The game needs a lot of work- far more than is likely."
,Not Recommended,226860,20203387,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[BrB] Whittles,"When I first saw this new sci-fi 4x game, I was excited for it. However, after playing for 46 hours, I realized that I was quite finished with it.By far, the biggest problem is that you cannot in any way play out the battles. The only battles offered are cinematic views of your ships floating around, auto-fighting the enemy. This disappointing feature is compounded by the fact that a huge draw for this game – almost unlimited ship customization – is rendered pointless by your inability to actually use the ships you’ve created.Some other problems are that the affinities unlock far too slowly to have much impact, the tech trees are all almost exactly the same despite promises of radical differences, and there is no feeling of depth, theme or personality to the game.A much, much better alternative is Endless Space, although this game too suffers from a lack of playable battles. In Endless Space, at least, you can issue fleet-wide orders and change them during the auto-fought battle, which might have a significant effect on the result of the combat."
,Recommended,226860,21040976,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,IRON_LIZARD,"I've never played GalCiv2. The learning curve in this game took about 4 hours to fully grasp. I play custom game with my own custom race.I focus on military power, as if I don't, I can't survive. My motto is 'peace through superior arms'.This is fine. I fight when others attack me, I do not surrender once they start the fight.But every other civilization bases how strong I am on a power rating - Frequently war-minded peoples will say I'm ripe for conquest and invade, citing their four digit power level against my 500ish score.I laugh at them. I've been churning out medium hull warships, 3-5 a turn, and they have at most light hulls with rudimentary weapons, and maybe 20 ships in total. I wreck their fleets, conquer their planets, until they have almost nothing - a planet or two, a couple space stations. Our power levels are now equal.They beg for peace. I laugh. They die. The cycle repeats until the big warmongers are gone. The rest of the universe goes on in harmony. But, if you play with every race, then by the time you finish off the war-like nations, you'll notice YOU have a reputation of loving war. And it's true, at this point, I love nothing more than crushing my foes beneath my military might. But now this love of war is the de facto reason for the peaceful, moderate beings of the universe to wage war on me. They ask me for money, or else they won't like me. I laugh at them. As now, I've made other species EXTINCT for calling me WEAK. You can guess how long they last when my ships start heading for them. At this point, only the most die hard money grubbers, and the most peaceful of peacelovers remain in the universe with me. And God help them if I decide they look too ugly, or their noises too annoying, because all the war has made me cold.My mission was peace. But now, I'm the only one left in the universe.10/10, would realise the monster is me again."
76561198167743807,Recommended,226860,16224191,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Tirol_22,"This Game will Only Get Better.##Like##*Ability to craft a huge empire.*Don't often get stuck next to another NPC early on - you usually have time to craft your specialty.*Simple-stupid interface.*Slightly cheeky writing. Sarcastic & refreshing, b*tchez.*Game settings similar to Civ V.   You should generally be able to play  the style of game you enjoy.*In GC3, building & unit specialization won't define your whole game or identity.*Expansive tech tree##Needs Work##*The AI. On the hardest settings it really is challenging; but not because it's smart. Afaik, it cheats.*More random mystery. Space is the great unknown! There is a lack of random / low repeat / unique items and events. To be sure, there are some. But there should be more. I'd like to see elements you might encounter once in every 5 games.*The battle viewer needs to be be improved. It represents your ships armaments and defenses very well - it's even *fun* to watch when you have two huge fleets with robust specialties going at each other.  But it could be *more* fun. I'd like the battle viewer to be more visceral.  Screams, escape pods, flashing red lights.  On a technical level the battle viewer represents the facts well, but it's got NO EMOTION. And ships derpy-derp  crash into themselves like 1980's bumper cars.As it stands, I enjoy the game a lot. I do recommend it - & very much look forward to the expanded development."
76561198085150653,Recommended,226860,16106977,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,SSJ White Darkrai,"I would give the game 9/10.The game is a bit difficult to understand at first but after you developed a strategy, the game is extremely fun.GC3 includes interesting races, graphics, and campaign.The ship designer and race designer a allow you to have your own play style and swag.Definitely worth buying!!!I would most recommend this to people who like Endless Space or Civilization."
76561198049109969,Recommended,226860,16218099,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,SleepingInRlyeh,"Great part 3 of the franchise, so if you liked the first 2, you'll like this.  GalCiv is kind of like Sid Meier's Civlization in space, but done right.  Unlike Sins of a Solar Empire, the military is run more at the strategic level rather than the ship level, so if you like micro-managing your ships, you would like Sins better.But if you like 4x on a massive scale with a space theme, GalCiv3 is the game for you."
76561198072606740,Recommended,226860,11959976,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Calphoon,"Well its on Alpha, but is cool and will be Amazing!!!"
76561198020438906,Recommended,226860,18202519,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Imperius,"Great game. Basically Civ 5 in space, but with tactical combat and just a much more polished feel.Civ 5 is a terribly implemented game, but the idea of it was good and thats what we have here. Its on sale so buy it!"
76561198118480430,Recommended,226860,18189016,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,serguigaso,It's a great game.Well organised.Intuitive.Huge.The best space strategy game ever.
,Recommended,226860,18199265,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mic,Galactic Civ has been a favorite of mine for decades. Part 3 is good and did not dissapoint.  HOWEVER I am getting frequent crashes ever since i upgraded to Windows 10.
,Not Recommended,226860,19982188,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Lost Dragon,"Start up Excel and make some spreadsheets.  Now you've played a game with all the charm, action, and wit of Galactic Civilizations 3.I was a fan of prior series, but this one lacks the ""one more turn"" feeling.  It lacks personality.  It really lacks interesting combat.  You can make your ships look like whatever you want, but the only time you'll really see them in action is in GalCiv 3's brain-dead combat viewer where they float around like zombie whales completely out of your control.This game only needs a few tweaks to make it great, but I never see them implemented despite many users suggestions.   I gave it 8 months before writing this negative review.On the technical side, I get ""out of memory"" errors and the entire game crashes.  That is with 16GB of RAM too.This is probably the last thing I'll ever buy from Stardock."
76561197969286228,Recommended,226860,17310438,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Necron,Great mix of the best of GCII. The ship builder will allow you to make any ship or download someone esles hard work. Only gripe in gameplay is that I liked mining the asteroids in previous games. I hope that is later added with expansions. Also the slow load times is a pain if you were only able to play for a short time but decide not to as half your time is spent loading the game.
76561197980125232,Not Recommended,226860,29263281,Posted: 14 January,all,Morte,I bought this game because I loved GalCiv 2.  For some reason this sequel doesnt have the same balance or polish that the previous GalCiv had.  I have mostly been playing the single player campaign so far but there are two big issues for me.  The  biggest issue for me is that planetary defence fleets are so overpowered that conquering an enemies last planet takes forever.  You can smash all of their fleets and outposts but you can't take their last planet until you fully reasearch logistics since you won't be able to field a large enough fleet to invade.  This was a pointless waste of time for me.  Also the ship designer/AI is horrible.  In the campaign tutorial missions you build a ship with upgraded ranged missile attacks however it is small and weak.  Rather than sit behind your front line combat units the game decides the best AI for this unit is one that charges straight at the enemy and dies.  All up I found this game more pain than it was worth.  If you are a fan of space 4x games give this a miss or get GalCiv 2 instead.
76561198058274801,Recommended,226860,15341438,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,komarec_01,"Good game, make sure u have plenty of free time  :)"
76561197968347841,Recommended,226860,15816467,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Cool)Trubbish,"It's looking like a great successor to GalCiv2. In terms of game scope (map size, amount of AI per game) is crazy."
76561198006526527,Recommended,226860,18192693,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Goodmongo,It is still a work in progress but has come a very long way.  The AI should be up to speed with the next patch.  Overall I would recommend the game and it is a game that you'll be able to play for amny years to come.
,Recommended,226860,18204208,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mongorii,"Honestly, this is my first experience with ANY 4x strategy game. SO, my review is strictly for gamers inexperienced in the genre.This game, only 3 hours in, is quite daunting. It has an amazing amount of features, which are all thouroughly explored and explained in the tutorial. The customization is incredible, and so far, especially with the sale, getting this game is DEFINITELY worth it. It's a switch up from the basic strategy game, and it's gotten my full attention."
76561198095522016,Recommended,226860,19865555,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mikelwong,"Game play is very similar to GalCiv2. Graphics (look and feel) got the biggest overhaul. Economy management is simplified. Tech tree is similar but improved. Almost zero change to Diplomacy. Ideology tree is new and interesting to play with. Ship battle cinematics are a big disappointment as is planet invasion (no cinematics). Ship combat is still a bit of mystery. Haven't played much with the ship builder yet but it does not seem substantially different.Overall, if you liked GalCiv2, then you'll enjoy the upgrades to the game in GalCiv3. Keep your expectations low and you'll be quite happy (got high expectations? Prepare for some disapointment)."
,Recommended,226860,23148523,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,All Hail The Donald,I found this game to be lots of fun
,Recommended,226860,23149535,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Conner,It's alright... not as good as I wanted it to be! Building your own ship is awesome but after a few different builds it all gets to samey. 7/10.
76561198001462005,Recommended,226860,17324438,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Drain Bamage,FIX THE BUGS.that is all.
76561198007711881,Recommended,226860,17325347,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,madthinker,The game is awesome.  I've been very impressed.  I've been it once on normal mode.  I haven't learned all the things you can do yet but I'm working on it.
76561198006586187,Recommended,226860,17324392,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,sirkid,Great game. One of the best 4X space out there.
76561198047511056,Recommended,226860,15068087,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Saltpastillen,I like everything I see so far in this game. It feels like you have really improved on all the small trivial things in GalCiv2 and just made it all smoother. Especially the way you now upgrade your starbases feels very nice. All in all I cant wait for you to finish the game so I can truly begin to conquer the galaxy again
76561198030789260,Recommended,226860,24634712,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,conelle,"I am a big fan of the Civilization franchise, and of the Master Of Orion games (old school).  This game reminds me of both.  I am new to this series, and I want to say I look forward to the next game!"
76561198083037823,Recommended,226860,19239653,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,jguyot73,"Still has some bugs.  When playing the game with a huge map, the interface sticks and is very slow to respond.   Battle playback also hangs ups and studders.  It is annoying and there are times I wonder, if the game has locked up.  10 to 15 seconds or more can go by without any response from mouse or keyboard input.  They need to streamline the code and fix these issues.  Hopefully in the next update..."
76561198048481629,Not Recommended,226860,16890623,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Heisenberg Particulate,"Updated 05/09/2015, please see edit below regarding almost criminal DLC practicesIt's with a heavy heart I would advise to leave this game well alone.I bought it as early access and even the most basic problems haven't been fixed, by the official 1.03 or the 1.10 opt-in patches.Stardock is incredibly evasive about common problems, such as screen resolution defaulting to (1 x -1) for most people/larger screen, UI being broken and out-of-place (making it unplayable), mouse-over text being little to non-existent and other such nonsense that shouldn't be in the final release.Extremely long list of in-game bugs, faults, unbalances, etc., exist. Just take a look at what they need to fix from 1.03 to 1.10, and most of us who have tried 1.10 still encounter many problems.They've truly taken the money and left a few guys to try and wrap it up. They don't care, I've seen reports of the sending people .ini files as fixes for the resolution problem but it boots it in windowed mode and the UI is till off by inches!I loved GC II, I wish they had taken the time to actually create something wonderful, then meet deadlines and push out this farce,Edit - September 5th 2015 - I would like to add that problems still abound. The release of the Mega Events DLC has cemented my view even further - they are charging people for content that was standard in previous titles. They have not created, developed or even changed the ideas or mechanics. They purposefully didn't include it in the release in order to charge for it. Even a developer has said that aspects of the game are 'soulless', like planet management. And they plan to change many core mechanics - in future updates and DLC. Completely avoid Stardock, it's beyond comprehension how such a good publisher falls to charging extra to actually make the game viable and enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,226860,16485333,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Killer9169,This is a great game however unless you have a high grade system with 6gb or more Ram you will not be able to play this at any real fun level you get limited to Tiny galaxy size if you have less than 5 gb Ram
76561198011984492,Recommended,226860,18167097,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Lord Huey Lewis of the News,The absolute best way to spend hundreds of hours playing space emperor.
76561198009412429,Recommended,226860,18235607,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,gavnewman,Been a fan of the series since number one and they continue to get better. I would reccomend this for any fan of strategy games.
76561198022310999,Recommended,226860,18153687,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,jplovlin,The command of the game is amazing and at a level that can be overwhelming but easly learned. I would recommend this game to anyone who is serious about straetgy 4X game play.
,Not Recommended,226860,18141898,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Typh,"I tried ot really like it, I really did. The game is good, yes, everything seems to be fine. But the AI is so overpowered it's redicilous. Even on beginner dificulty, thier production levels are through the roof. they quickly build fleets of ships before you even start your own. They get larger ships quicker as well.The game needs to be balanced more, in my opinion. Otherwise it's a great game. The AI needs a second look though, as I find myself not enjoying the game with teh AI as powerful as they are (at beginner, at that.)As of now, I can not recommend this game. I do hope this changes in the future."
,Not Recommended,226860,18226728,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Plumber Dragon,"9/27/2015The game seems great, but beware. Only 4 human players can play multiplayer, and online stability is that of a 14.4k baud modem, and the phone gets picked up evey 5 minutes. All this for a 4X game is a truck load of rotten potatoes. I do not recommend this game due to the multiplayer issues. I spent about 50 minutes playing of the 2.9hrs on record. The rest was trying to get multi to work, lobby crashes, lobby freezes, incompatible games saves. (AUTOSAVES WHICH WE JUST WERE ALL PLAYING TOGETHER LIKE 2 MINUTES BEFORE PLUS - reading on the stardock forums, you find that people are complaining about all this stuff since APRIL and no one at Stardock seems to care)0.0001/10  Multiplayer Experience"
76561197990933350,Recommended,226860,18238275,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Ith,"Good game with few new consepts. Nothing fantastic, but still worth the 50% off sale."
76561198007622141,Recommended,226860,18247132,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,fat4eyes,"A decent update to Galactic Civilizations 2, but could have been more. Wait for a few more patches for Stardock to bring in some of the more recent features to the 4X genre and it would be a lot better.GalCiv 3 is basically a prettier GalCiv 2 with some new stuff added in and some old stuff taken out. The mainstay races (Terran, Drengin, Iconian) are still here, and some are out (Arceans). The system for building planets is improved, with adjacency bonuses on planet improvements further encouraging specialization. The shipbuilding process is for the most part better, since ships are now built in a shipyard (basically a non-improvable starbase that builds ships) that is fed by production from up to 5 worlds. The combat system and the tech tree are more or less the same from GalCiv 2. Minor races are out (at least for now). The diplomatic system is still as good as GalCiv 2. The map now uses hexes instead of squares. And the ship designer is still as good as it was.If GalCiv 3 is to be judged on its own, I'd say it was a competent sequel. Some of the changes I like (planet improvements, shipyards), some I dont (lack of minor races). The game doesn't crash and its enjoyable to play.The problem is that Endless Space and Distant Worlds: Universe exist. These games have added features to the 4X genre that I just can't imagine being left out anymore. Though Endless Space stole A LOT of ideas from GalCiv 2, it added several good ones of its own (adding player input during starship combat, planet and ship leaders that gain XP and have skill trees). Distant Worlds: Universe is the master of selective automation. You can choose to control only the aspects of your empire you want to control, and the AI will competently take care of the rest (at least most of the time). There are also race-specific branches in the tech tree, which really do change how to select techs when you play those races.GalCiv 3 could have benefited a lot by taking some of these features.  Selecting strategies during combat would make it worth watching the space battles, and ship leaders make your fleets more than just a collection of ships. Automation becomes almost essential in the late stages on even a moderate sized map. No, I don't want to manually select the upgrades for all of my 30 starbases. Yes I would like to be able to say ""Build me 10 battleships, 5 carriers and 10 escorts in the fastest possible time and move them here"" instead of manually selecting the shipyards and setting up their build queue. I would like to be able to say, ""Here, take control of these boring garrison fleets and patrol the homefront while I take the Kickass Fleet of Awesomeness to pound the Drengin to dust.""GalCiv 3 is still a good game and I would recommend it, but it could be so much better with the addition of several features from more recent 4X games."
76561197970342576,Recommended,226860,16469161,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jim_nihilist,"This is a review from somebody who owns GalCiv I + II but never got into them. Why I don't know. Installed GallCiv2: UE severeal times, played for a little while and got bored to hell. So I was quite sceotic with all the GalCiv 3 beta pizzazz.BUTIt is sooooo good. I don't know what they did, but it suddenly clicked with me. Everybody says galCiv 3 is to similar to GalCiv 2, this I don't know, but they did something with GalCiv 3 which utterlay fascinates me.The thing I am looking for in a Space game is SPACE. The vastness, the endless possibilities. Never was I more frustrated when I realized that ""Endless Space"" was very restricted in terms of Space. Enter GalCiv 3 you can create maps which are so big, that the UI (and mybe your computer) can't handle all the planets and star on the map. You can play with 100s of Factions if you want to, the ship creator doesn't let you outfit your own schips, no, you can create them from predefined 3D parts and then put your weopans, sensor, whatnot on it. I instantly created ships from Battlestar Galactica, modded my ""race"" so that I have Commander Adama as my leader with all the logos. How awesome is this?Gameplay wise it creats all sorts of interesting decisions. How do I outfit this planet? Oh I got attacked, in which why should I construct ships, that my retaliation is successful? Do I need special rescources? Where do I find them? Is this region stable? Should I station a fleet there? Which planets do I take first from the enemy? Where is the best place for my new shipyard. It goes on and on.PLUS Stardock has itself committed to support this game for years to come and I have no doubt that they will do it.It is my most played game since Steam records your playtime.Nuff said."
,Recommended,226860,11827026,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,[RedHand] HRRNighthawk,Early Look - Galactic Civilization 3 (v0.40):http://youtu.be/mgLgBcaH0i0Buy now or wait?
76561198074624820,Recommended,226860,24814256,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Haxor,"This game has a pretty intense learning curve but it is well worth the time spent leaning. This game's customisation, strategy, and replayability are the best I've seen and even monor changes from match to match can cause major shirfts in effective tactics. I'd give it 9/10 and it only losses that one point for the affore mentioned learning curve."
,Recommended,226860,17816302,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,QRP,>>>>>>>>>
76561198044469828,Recommended,226860,30822100,Posted: 29 March,all,skunkybro,"Fun 4X game overall.  The amount of micro-management becomes a bit tedious at times, but other than that it is fantastic.  Would recommend to anyone who enjoys the genre."
76561198009842800,Recommended,226860,25177593,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,hellafinnish19,I kind of miss being able to select a far off tech on the tree and just let the techs research in order but otherwise this is a very great game!
76561198005212253,Recommended,226860,24964767,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,PEPE,A well balanced continuation of the previous game. The science tech tree is even better. Don't care much for multiplayer so I can't speak for it. I also don't like the ascention crystaql feature. The campain is also ultra short. The costum games make up for it easily
76561197971560853,Not Recommended,226860,31663217,Posted: 10 May,all,Colonel Flapjack,"I started playing this game again and  in less than a week I realized why this game has been sitting in my library and i stopped playing it.  The game just randomly crashes,  The saved games get corrupted.  I have verified the files and uninstalled and reinstalled several times. Updated the graphics drivers. Still the random crashes to desktop continue. Just started a new game this morning, only got about 5 turns into the game, clicked on the research button and BAM crashed to desktop.  Does this game have potential?  I dont know, cant play it long enough to find out. The crashes are a deal breaker. Will be uninstalling."
76561197960922396,Not Recommended,226860,20573280,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Slim,"This game is awful. From the buggy and poor UI to the souless gameplay. This game is no good. Portions of the game that should be entertaining, such as ship design and planet management, are nothing more than tedious and uninspiring.Dealing with the AI is the same during any playthrough due to little to no dipomacy options and poor intelligence.Many issues that caused me to give up playing after the day one purchase are still rampant and no progress in gameplay has seemed to have taken place. Leaving me to believe the game support has been lacking since release and I doubt I'll install this again."
76561198229305600,Recommended,226860,35036243,Posted: 17 September,all,whateverman84,"great time killer, great customization"
76561198017061992,Not Recommended,226860,34160652,Posted: 10 August,all,byzantinedoge,"I bought this game thinking it would be some sort of cool empire managing game with unique mechanics and replayability. What I got instead was something that feels like a Civilization reskin, only with an more incompetent AI which cheats beyond comprehension. The only good thing about this game is the spaceship designer, and even the only thing that matters there are weapons and a few moduels. Should have bought Stellaris instead, 4/10"
76561198067072695,Not Recommended,226860,17115493,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,marcmcmunster89,"Dont Buy!!!!i realy disappointed with this game, i loved the previous Galactic Civilizations 2 but this just feels old and poorly made if it was released a few years ago maybe but its just a better looking remake of the old game,it hasint fixed any of the issues for large empires and while kepping the the mantra of the game is a good thing inovation was needed and just not given poor attempt at best i paid 100 euros and feel absolutly robbed i will never buy a title from them again"
,Recommended,226860,20189695,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SeekerOfSouls,"Let me get this out of the way, compared to GalCiv2, this game is very barebones. Keep in mind though that GalCiv2 was the same way and given time, GalCiv3 will be a much better experience to an already fun game.This 4X game offers many hours of gameplay and replyability with the help of the modding community. The faction/race creator is, by far, the best in the franchise, being able to upload your creation via steam workshop for others to enjoy in their games. Same can be said for the ship designer, I'm personally better at creating races/factions and their backgrounds than designing ships though, but thats what the community is for. Is it worth the price? In the current state, I wouldn't pay full price, BUT and I mean BUT, the developers are continuing on patching and adding features into the game. I have no doubt that it will be a much more in-depth game than GalCiv2 is in its current state down the road, making it well worth it.They recently rolled out a free Diplomacy patch and then released the Snathi dlc and percursor worlds dlc for dirt cheap. With that said, whether its now or later, your gonna end up getting the game, so just get it already.*January 1st, 2016* The game is actually on sale now, so you should go grab it.Pros:Modding communityIncredible Faction/Race creationFirst ever multiplayer in the franchisePlenty of options for setting up your galaxyGood replayabilityShip Designer vastly improved...and it was already good before.Developer involvement with community, continuing updatesJust...one...more....turn syndrome.Cons:Not much campaign for those who enjoy it (more possible in the future)Barebones in comparison to GalCiv2 content-wise (ex: no espionage)AI needs some tweakingWith all said and done, yes, I do recommend this game. I played it for a short bit when it came out and just recently gave it another shot. I do see many improvements and the devs making an attempt to expand their product, so I have no problem backing them up. As about the price earlier, get it if its on sale, but would I pay $50 currently in this state? No, maybe $35-$40, but given time with patches, updates, and expansions, it will be worth $50 and possibly more. So if you have it on hand, go for it, but if you can wait, that works too. At the end of the day, its already a good game. 7/10"
76561198023140791,Recommended,226860,16252393,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,zzrhardy,This franchise keeps getting better and better. The feature to request constructors from starbases single handedly makes the monster size maps viable for the non-OCD.
76561198029446764,Not Recommended,226860,20914917,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,coolteler,"I played Galactic Civilization II and while I did not find it as enjoyable as some people did - too grindy for me - I could see the reasons why people loved it so much. It was fun and had character.Galactic Civilization III however? I cannot in good conscience recommend it. I gave it a good try and I'm deleting it from my hard drive as we speak for the following reasons:1. It's an INCOMPLETE re-skinned GalCiv II. It has some new minor tweaks (shipyard for example) but it's mostly just an updated and prettier GalCiv II with some major features missing (espionage, elections, etc)2. Its claims are unfounded. Largest space game? Try Distant Worlds instead. Unique races? There are one or two tweaks in the technology tree or buildings and that's all there is. It's not like Sword of the Stars with completely different feel for different races.3. Rather uninspired tech tree. To be fair GalCiv II was the same but advancement in tech tree is nothing more than going from Weapon X to Weapon X + 1. There was nothing in the technology tree that changes the mechanics of the game. In Master of Orion (1!) we go through the same iteration of Weapon X, X+1, X+2 but then at some point we get the fancy schmancy Black Hole Generator. I played the game 20 years ago and I still remember the god damn Black Hole Generator! What can we say about this game 20 years from now? ""Ya - Remember that beam+20?? That was cool!!""?4. Completely unbalanced and boring ground invasion. In my experience a single transport was able to conquer the Drengin homeworld. The ground invasion tech tree? Nope - didn't need that.5. To be fair there were moments when I had fun with this game. Reminded me of late 90's or early 2000's strategy game. Seeing it's 2016...that unfortunately counts against this game.6. The straw that breaks the camel's back - the greed for further DLCs and expansions as opposed to fixing the base game. I got this game 6 months after release. I accepted it still had flaws and was hoping there'd be further improvements down the road. Then I saw the news that there's an expansion coming out already. On top of the 3 DLCs already out."
,Not Recommended,226860,16313504,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,mrmiresthecat,this game is a joy to play to bad that it is ruined by late game crashes. As soon as you build your empire up to rule the galaxy you will crash and lose the last while you have played. The more you play the worse it gets. i do not recomend this game to anyone in it's current state.
76561198042541995,Recommended,226860,23529267,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,nakifrance,Lots of fun. More streamlined than Gal. Civ. II but same principles and just as much fun.
76561198010990743,Recommended,226860,27383375,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ratu,"Played a ton in early access, came back to find the polish worth the return."
76561198037919726,Not Recommended,226860,29876424,Posted: 12 February,all,Lewiatan,The game is unplayable at insane galaxy size. At some point it crashes at some turn and You can't play further even if You load game from the save. Even if You load game from save from like 5-20 turns before. It happened to me at turn 161 and in another game at turn 209. It was after 10 hours of play.
,Recommended,226860,23931353,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sleek Weezles,"If you liked GalCiv II, you will probably like this, though frankly, it's not that much better. Personally, even at more than double the price (even with both on sale), Stellaris is a better buy (not to mention Endless Space goes on sale all the time as well). That really pains me as a lifelong GalCiv player, but it's the sad truth. That said, if you're more into GalCiv's style than Paradox Grand Strategy, this is still GalCiv, and it'll definitely scratch that itch. I really wish Steam had a ""meh"" option. I really can't give a yes or no on this one, but since it is still GalCiv, it'll get a tenuous yes."
76561198053584392,Recommended,226860,16981659,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,nocroman,"This is a great game to play, although there are still bugs to be fixed in the game. Bugs like when watching a battle you can see the eney station iring but not you own ships firing.The ship builder desigm feature is good but can be better as some of the red buttons you can see cannot b usedor sellected to place an item. Also I find that ihave not found the ability to build Huge ships even after researching all that is researchable. Doom ray turrets is the best gun I can Have, I wonder what ever happend to Phasers? and high energy Phasers.There is a problem with some planets not allowing soil the second planet upgrade so you lose two researched and placable squares on those planets.Also noticed that some races are able to create Large ships with massive fire power in one turn when they have only one or two planets left nd discover that those plnets have only one or no manufacturing capabilties.I have not figured out how an enemy can have much higher defense, resistance, and military values hen they have no defense structurs on their planet.Still I have created many different races and played them and won in easy and normal play. Next game will be in a harder mode.The major problem with Gal 3 is that It is addicticting. The other races tend to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and I just have to stick around for a few more turns to wipe out the ships that attacked and UNARMED constructor.This game does need a better color scheme so individual parts can be colored to be specific to the new races that I have created.Congratulatios on a job well done!"
76561197998220240,Recommended,226860,16982035,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,The_DarkOmega_Fellow,"This game is amazing! It reminds me so much of the glory days of Master of Orion 2! It is worth every penny you will spend on it. I also highly recommend that you check out Angry Joe's review on YouTube. After seeing that review and gameplay, I purchased the game and have been loving it!"
,Recommended,226860,16939661,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,MintFrog,"While the game has a steep learning curve, once you play a bit the richness and depth of the game becomes quite apparent. I'd recommend this game for anyone who enjoys empire building games."
,Recommended,226860,16981081,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Tevourious,"Sleek, Sexy, fun and engrossing. This game is awesome, you can lose yourself for hours here. If turn based civ management and sprawling empires rife with galactic fleet combat is your cup of tea then sign up. Worth notice, a meaty ship designer with limitless design, customizable races, you can even import your own icon and profiles to further talior things to you flavor. I've been a huge fan of GC from very start."
76561198007319890,Not Recommended,226860,20030065,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SchmuAUT,"it is a very funny game, but...neg.:-the game will slow down. after every round it will take longer to calculate the next one.-you can't play the fights. you can only watch your ships/fleet fighting.pos.:-conquer the universe!^^-you can create your own ships!-the whole game has very detailed graphics.do i recommand this game? well.... yes and no. if you like totalwar-games you will be disappointed => you can't fight you battles.If you like the campainmode => this game will be a good choice.hope i was of help(excuse my bad english)"
76561197972520131,Recommended,226860,16982019,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,mbradley,"The Good:- Gal Civ feeling, brought up to date- complex space strategy- with multiplayer!The Not so Good:- Ships don't have experience levels =(The Bad:- multiplayer still needs basic features, such as renaming player or naming games for the central lobbyOverall: Recommended for fans of space 4x strategy games!"
76561197966618149,Not Recommended,226860,20413787,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Doc Johan,"Before you read my review, I'll just give my summary...It's a less-than mediocre strategy game for its time, and your best call is to wait for this game to plumit in price (to around $10) than paying anything more and investing any time in to it.Nothing spectacualr to report here.  I have played the previous games in this franchise, as well as their expansions.  While great games for their time, this just seems like a polished version of its most recent predecessor, with little addition of innovation or complexity (much like Civ:BE).   More so, the last incarnation of this game goes back to like 2008!  I really don't feel this game offers anything new, except for a massive upgrade in graphics and a campaign.  They still haven't caught up to Master Of Orion in the fact that you can choose to tactically conduct space battles, and they have even eliminated the animation aspect of planetary assaults/defenses.Let's start with the tutorial.  It's basically a medium map skirmish that refuses to offer insight in to the finer points of the game (it doesn't explain the mechanics behind all of the myriad ways to govern a planet or manage an empire towards one's goals).  So, you're basically left to figure that crap out for yourself.  In short, if you haven't played GC2 and figured out how that game works, you're pretty much boned because the mechanics appear identical.The campaign leaves way too much to be desired.  While I give props to Stardock for finally creating a campaign for their space strategy games, it is horrid when judged by any other metric.  It's only 3 scenarios long (I was hoping that each block of the campaign would have multiple scenarios), to begin.  Next, the first and third scenarios can be easily beaten if you just rush ahead with your uber-special capital ship.  This leads to being stagnated (technologically and/or economically) and viciously beaten by your opponent(s) if you don't just blindly rush ahead.  This takes any part of strategic planning out of the game.  Indeed, in the first campaign scenario, if you don't rush hard and relentlessly you're going to get overwhelmed by an A.I. that can see every action on the map and has a military production capabillity so diabolical that it would give Satan himself a raging boner.As for the second campaign scenario, no matter how hard you rush, you're going to come across fortified planets.  It's basically a bunch of ships defending a planet that has stats so huge that you have to create a dozen (literally) orbiting war fleets to destroy, and that will take lots of time.  Alternatively, you can keep using turns to research better weapons/armor, but that will take even more time depending on your playing style (I've always prefered a tech-industry combo).  In any case, it's just sloppy game design.  The developers artificially force you to spend hours of real-time building armadas and researching specific techs just to conquer the last two planets on the map.Next on the list of how this game is stagnant of any innovation, the tech trees are exactly the same (completely linear).  So, when researching better ballistic armor, there's no benefit to pursuing that particular course other than getter better armor.  This forces you in a rock-papper-scissors gameplay.  While not bad in and of itself, the game forces you to go certain routes unless you want to be pummeled by a specific opponent with specialist tech designs.I mean, really, is it so much to ask of modern strategy games that they look at synergy bonuses for tech?  For all the HD space this game takes up, almost none of it has gone in to expanding the scope of the strategy genre.In closing, this game is just not worth it at the current time.  While it has the capability to be modded through the steam community (which is awesome!), it just reflects on the attitude of the designers: ""Buy this shiny, pretty thing and let the gamers add content to it!""  Don't spend a dime on this!  You're better off spending money on alcohol and pizza."
,Recommended,226860,16197692,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Edelweiß,"Okay to start off: I played Gal Civ II - so I'm mostly going to  write the review as a migrating Gal Civ II player.What Gal Civ II had going for it was a great AI, but that seems to be gone in this game. The AI is definetly competitive in the sense that it's able to colonize the galaxy and expand pretty well, but it's not very dangerous necessarily - at least not in  the early to mid game. The AI - even the aggressive races will sometimes not attack - maybe because of their life support tech being poor? Or them forgoing  research of the exploration tech. Their reasons aren't clear to me. Sometimes it seems that the AI's are pretty slow at developing a military too and they get pretty cocky once they do develop a small military.An unwelcome addition is the addition of pirates. To be perfectly honest - in a game where the militaristic side is slow to develop - I don't think they're very necessary and they serve little purpose that I can see other than like in Civ being a nuisance and destroying your unescorted colony ships.The tech trees have also been more streamlined to follow the universally same structure between all the races. This makes the tech trees certainly less interesting and nothing like they were in the previous game but on  the other hand you don't need to make drastic changes to how you play races anymore and it's easier to get into the game from the beginning. They also set up a tech requirement that you need to research X amount of techs in your tech tree before you're allowed to advance to the next era. This is certainly nice as troop transports aren't availible until the second era: ""The Age of War"". This also means that civs can no longer shoot for distant techs spec strategies, like choosing a massive galaxy and just researching tech ascension. However there are only 3 Eras in the game so it's not a lot of gating going on here.Edit: Another thing I failed to mention is that I don't like the user interface at all, but I don't think it's so bad that it makes the game unplayable.However all these changes are sort of making Cal Civ III lose it's identity. How is this title supposed to compete as a space 4X game when it has very little that makes it unique? This makes the  game also very hard to recommend or not to recommend. But ultimately I feel that the game is enjoyable enough to say: Yeah! It's good enough."
76561198056245181,Recommended,226860,23090603,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Ashz,"Good 4x game.  It seems some of the deeper items from the earlier games are no longer included (mining, detailed veiwing of colonies/ships/starbases).  Overall I enjoy the game.  I still fire up GalCiv2 from time to time but this is definitely a modernized version that looks great.  Lots of updates in already and DLC (not my favorite).  I look forward to an Ultimate addition and I think it will hit all my points."
76561198030336925,Not Recommended,226860,23905013,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Flashand,When you level up an 'era' ALL research from the previose ERA are GIVEN to all of the computer player. i watched this several games before stating this as truth.THis is the biggest waste of money that is out in this condition.  Will be asking for a refund.
,Not Recommended,226860,23885676,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,KvanT,"A shallower, clunky, unengaging version of GalCiv II with some fancier graphics.Saw the negative reviews, avoided this game at first because of them, finally decided to ignore them and judge it for myself. Nope, they were right. Refunded."
76561198286373063,Recommended,226860,28700253,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,bgrove101,Put a fair few hours into this game now and I have to say the latest update has really made it much easier to play.  Much faster load time and a noticable uptick in AI inteligence.
,Recommended,226860,22336639,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,"ezixen, last of my name :)",Love every bit of it :)
76561198079236810,Recommended,226860,34826469,Posted: 8 September,all,MayoToast,"It's pretty awesome.  Stardock staff reached out to me after a crash, and I really appreciated that service."
76561198056677956,Recommended,226860,33906104,Posted: 30 July,all,Justin Darkness,Classic 4Xeeding my Xpectations
76561198082314076,Not Recommended,226860,33486705,Posted: 12 July,all,vkaenel,"When even a benevolent civilization will take all the efforts necessary to get across the galaxy and stomp you to the ground because you are ""ripe for conquest"", the creators need to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥sorted."
76561198032491664,Recommended,226860,33918297,Posted: 30 July,all,The Mad Fool,It's basically GalCiv 2 with updated graphics and mechanics.  Plays way better after the updates they've made to the game.
,Not Recommended,226860,31713256,Posted: 12 May,all,Fiesta Spider,Bought the game in early access.Came back to it today.Still feels like early access.German translation is mangled.Where does all this dlc come from?What the hell Stardock?
76561198067591163,Not Recommended,226860,18754159,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,MartianFarmer,"Overall, cannot reccomend. The game is at best only a marginal improvement over Gal Civ II. As of this writing in ver 1.4 I find the game will still crash and exit for no real noticeable reason on a well configured gaming system with 16 gigs of RAM (game is RAM hungry, which is probably good and allows large map play).Not often enough to make me mad like in teh early days of Endless Space, but still too often.The actual in ship combat is as primitive as it ever was, with no strategy involved. The actual fight screen is clunky and primitive. The Campaign is super short and not all that entertaining. The game does exceptionally little to advance the story line of the universe and there are LESS races to play as, even with the Snathi expansion DLC.4X games are something I love and while we all yearn for a real MOO II sucessor... well. In comparison to Endless Space, I don't find the game as featured or nearly as replayable. I probably had 365 real man days played in Gal Civ II and enjoyed it, but Gal Civ III is basically pretty much the same with less races. I think they blew the coding time on the multiplayer aspect and on getting the engine straightened out for potential sales to other developers. Oh - the planet management is practically useless, to win you have to micromanage, that's all there is to it.Overall, I'm a little annoyed that it seems less instead of more in comaprison to the previous release. Overall after putting in 200 ish hours of game play, I'm bored with it. Considering I hope for a lot more replayability from a 4x I'd have to say I'm unimpressed."
,Not Recommended,226860,20275926,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ColleX,"Can't recommend this game due to the following reasons.- Weird diplomacy -  it only depends on military power. You need to spam ships otherwise you become ""ripe for conquest"" and even the most peaceful races far away from your borders will declare war on you no matter what.- Poor and cheating ai.- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat - ships just smash into each other, thats it. It's not even possible to set missile ship to keep maximum firing distance for example.- Manufacturing prices balance is ridiculous, like one basic piece of shield can cost 9x times the whole hull it is built on. What the heck?And this game use tremendous amount of RAM, 6 GB at recommended is a joke."
76561198041002604,Recommended,226860,23527964,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,rjjm321,"Fans of previous galactic civilization games will find this game familiar.  The game has a smoother and more refined look than its predecessors, but its control is similar.  Start as a single planet, explore, colonize new planets, meet new races doing the same.  Victory conditions include conquest/diplomacy/influence/science/ascendancy.  The game has predesigned ships, but you can completely design your own (graphic as well as parts).  Thousands of mods available.  Galaxies are customizable in terms of size (tiny with dozens of stars to insane with ? thousands), variable amounts of races (2 to 100)/black holes/stars/good&bad planets/anomalies/pirates.   Your own race can be one of the stock races or completely customizable.  Also comes with a campaign mode, and other games can be played single player or multiplayer.  Highly recommended!"
76561198159198437,Recommended,226860,23193451,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Hostess Sir Quinn [The Cat],"The game is really fun and anjoyable, Took me a bit to understand at first but once I did I had tons of fun! I suggest for your gameplay to make your own custom races to battle against. It's quite fun,And beware the space templars BEWARE."
,Recommended,226860,17034982,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Hops,"A worthy successor to Galactic Civilizations II, one of my favourite games ever."
76561198007237830,Recommended,226860,17086712,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,nerfalus,"GC 3 is one of the best made 4x games you will ever play.  The depth of stratigie is incredable, with so many different options to choose from.  You can micro manage to your heart's content (which I love by the way) from every aspect of your planets growth, to the look and load out of every ship.  Also there is tons of replay value.  I have spent 100's of hours now playing this game and winning in different ways.  Stardock really knows how to make great games, and they have continued that on in this one.  Do yourself a favor and pick this up, your not going to be sorry."
76561197960769997,Not Recommended,226860,23121698,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,LittleBuster,Unpolished and not as good as GalCiv II :/Bought it for £10 and was barely worth it.
76561198023501560,Recommended,226860,16979510,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Siege Tortoise,"Ever wanted to be a space Emperor? This game has a lot of depth to it, and a decent sense of humour to boot. You can easily sink 8 hours into a match on the weekend, and still want to keep going. Think Civilization, but better, and with aliens and custom ships."
,Recommended,226860,15855401,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Alaizon,excellent. best space 4x game so far.
,Recommended,226860,19835587,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Lord Golf Magnus,HEY GUYS IT'S POLISHED NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198060430858,Recommended,226860,28975307,Posted: 3 January,all,leokyra,Very fun game and great improvement since v1.9 update.
,Not Recommended,226860,16760082,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Chlorofrm,"I spent £30 on it on its release date. I personally dont think the game is worth half that. I refunded it during the summer sales and bought 8 games which I must say are much better than this.Negative Points:- When I played the game, no private multiplayer so I was playing with 2 of my friends and then randoms.- No instructions on how to use custom races when playing multiplayer.- Poor tutorial so never knew how to play it.- Maps in games can be too small or too big, in this game the maps were too big.- When you think you have found a planet that you can colonize and then relise your coloniser ship cant go that far out.- Turns take to long as the turn system is (in my opinion) set out wrong and players should all make their turns at the same time, not seperately.Good Points:- The game had good potential if they make the right decisions.- If you spent the time recearching the game it might be more enjoyable"
76561198011535404,Not Recommended,226860,15922557,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Toxicity,"Galactic Civs 3 just isn't very fun.  You run through the depth of the game fairly quickly.  The campaign is short, boring, and buggy.  Custom games aren't balanced or fun.  Altarians are super-powered in all my games and steamroll the map no matter what I do.  AI in custom games don't really fight each other despite being at war and will prefer to send all their ships at you.  Seems like it takes the player a painfully long time to build ships despite your production capabilities and the AI will pump them out with little effort."
76561197991748668,Recommended,226860,18195125,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,mangopurple,Very good.  Very intuitive.  Great tutorial.  Clever AI.  Updates keep coming.  Works as advertised (not as common as you might imagine).
76561198006596324,Recommended,226860,11820431,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,sergio.schouterden,"Galactic Civ III a game with potential.First of all there is a lot of "" its is not a beta this is an alfa"" comments in the community. Most of these ""opinions"" ( we can't call them a ""review"" because the resons these people give is ""because i played alot of betas in the past"". That may be so but that is something nobaody can verify) saying this; "" It is not a beta it's an alfa blah blah blah because i say so"". Nobody is talking about gameplay, graphics etc ( no that is not true 99.999999998% isn't talking about graphics, gameplay etc)I'm not going to educate you how it needs to be so if you are harping on about the alfa or beta BS go somewhere else.Now about Galactic civ III: graphics looks good even at the lowest setting. The developers did spruce up the interfaces and modernaised them but not soo much that you get the feeling you are playing a completely different game.Gameplay; So far I haven't encountered ANY bugs or lags or things of that nature. The only ""bad thing"" is that when a planet has been upgraded and fully built up you have to search a bit how you need to continue ( for me that is the fun part.. but if you are really stuck on this you can look it up on goolge or on the forum here in steam).Conclusion: Galactic civ III does have excellent potential and the developers did a good job so far. If the developers ignore the posts about ""this isnt a beta this is an alpha because blah blah blah"" and focus in on the  people that write about gameplay and what they possibly want to see changed or what they find cumbersome etc the game will be great when it's finished.Let me also thank the developers for this early access. that way we both can have some feedback on the workings of the game. I didn't want a Rome 2 debacle happen again. I did buy Rome 2 because it was so hyped up (and it was a 3 tiered thingy where you got extra games when you pre ordered it). On the release date  there were bugs, crashes and a whole bunch of other problems (even with the activation key) On top of that Rome 2 didn't deliver  what they said, though after 25 gigs of patches and updates it is getting there."
76561198060433751,Recommended,226860,15243999,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,xeen313,Almost there....
,Not Recommended,226860,33826260,Posted: 27 July,all,UberAlphaOmega,"After loving GalCiv II, I am horrified to see what they've done with this game. I paid top dollar when it came out, only to find that all of the things I really enjoyed about GalCiv II have been ripped out to be flogged off individually for outrageous prices. I will never purchase another Stardock product."
,Not Recommended,226860,16439828,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ishmael,it is too much like GalCiv 2
,Recommended,226860,28592615,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jost Amman,"GalCiv III is a 4X Space Strategy game made by Stardock.The three main places where you will be active on the map are Planets, Shipyards and Space Stations.The Galaxy is your playground and out there you can find disseminated things like:Stars, Blackholes and PlanetsAnomalies that can be researchedAsteroids tha can be minedResources that can allow special shipsSpace Junk, Artifacts and Ship graveyards to lootAncient artifacts you can research for bonuses to your civThere are also Galactic (or Faction) Events that can randomly happen.As for the Grand Strategy part you will have several things to do to for your civilization's ""master plan"":Handle DiplomacyTrade with Major/Minor civsDiscover a vast research treeGovern (optional) your worlds from a dashboardDevelop your Ideology (gives perks)You will also be part of a Galactic Council which takes galaxy-wide decisions you can vote on (or propose if you have the power) that affect every civilization for many turns.In this game you can also design (Steam workshop supported) you very own ship models up to the tiniest detail and everything you research can affect the loadout of your ships with modules, components and weapons. Another great part I really like are the Space Stations which you can deeply customize by building many different types of modules and affect your civilization in that part of the galaxy.One more thing, the AI has been recently revamped and isvery good: IMO this is very important in a 4X strategy game otherwise all the other stuff they put in (see other 4X games) will be useless!"
76561198194186381,Recommended,226860,35118017,Posted: 21 September,all,Go4Celerity,"On sale for $10.  You'd have to be an idiot not to pick this game up for $10.  It's 64 bit, moddable, and huge.If you are an idiot then please pass,  Several of those whose minds must have been irrevocably crippled by public education didn't understand the game and took it out on the developer by posting negative reviews with less than 5 hours of play.If you like turn based strategy/ board games, this game is fun.  With the Crusade expansion, it is really fun."
76561197970774199,Not Recommended,226860,16751856,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,emerson,"I found the Lack of tactical control irritating. As the Ai for my ships are rather dumb in battles, like I lose all ships and do almost no damage because they spread fire accross the whole enemy fleet. instead of concentrating fire.  The graphics are prettier in 3 but enjoyed playing Galactic Civilizations two more.  At least 2 had some tactical control"
76561197970807880,Not Recommended,226860,16801597,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,SilentButDeadly,"I've always enjoyed and appreciated the Galactic Civilizations series. While Stardock's 4x series was not the most sophisticated implementation, it was always well done. The AI in particular has remained stellar. In fact it was the only AI in a 4x game that I knew of that without cheating, could beat a skilled player. Galactic Civilizations III feels like a remake and has been a real let-down. I beat my first game on normal difficulty, not knowing the rules. The AI is nearly passive. The campain can hardly be called such. The game feels like a rushed job, not much fun, and has derailed Stardock's track record of stellar AI."
,Not Recommended,226860,18924854,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Ekudram,AI simply cheats.Can see your ships when and has Intel on you.Write better AI and I might come back to startdock and by more games.
76561198044859994,Not Recommended,226860,16040473,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,igor_ossipov,"7/10... wait for 3 years before all the expansions come out, as at the moment its a bare shell of a ""game"" to avoid disappointing anyone. A lot of aspects have been either removed, damped down or half implemented. In essence, at the moment it's more of a nice graphical upgrade of Galactic Civilizations II (9.5/10) with promise of greater things to come due to the new engine.P.S. Star Dock, please, get rid of this stupid rule of 5 spaces per star base - it makes strategic planning really stupid and mechanical.I'll review this game again after more patches come out or maybe DLCs."
76561198051698320,Not Recommended,226860,15921751,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Knights-Templar,"6/10    could have been much better shame, but still ok game maybe pick up in a good saleif you like the other galactic civilizations then you should like this its much the same with a fue things add its more like a patch on gc 2i found the diplomacy is bad they want way to much in trades so much so it making diplomacy a wast of time"
,Not Recommended,226860,28744070,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Camphibian,"The interface is clunky with many truly annoying dialogs and buttons to do things which could have been achieved with a right click. But that is minor. The recommended settings are for 6GB RAM and an i5 cpu. What crap that is. Dial down the settings and you just might get it to not exhibit stuttering. I'm using an 8GB i7 quad and even with small display and no extra graphics features it chugs and stutters. I did turn off a lot of those useless windows 10 'features' which improved the user experience to barely playable, but even with minimal services, the game is not a pleasure to play.In the 1.4 hours of playing I found little but tedium and a lack of connect with my worlds or ships. Couple this with an engine that clunks. Nah. Forget it. The UI is really terrible. And its a 5.7 GB downlaod but who really cares about that hey?I truly wanted GalCiv III to work for me as I did play the previous versions which seemed to be more fun and certainly didn't stutter on whatever shitbox I played on 10 years ago. And the options hint at it being really awesome...But honestly it chugs and is a horrible experience, which is why I cannot recommend it.Anyway, I think the issues with GalCiv are endemic in all 4X's I have played recently, in fact since Moo2, all have many, if not all, of these defects:1) Poorly Implemented and inefficient so end game chug inevitable2) Half-baked with few core features and DLC to flesh it out3) Mindless micromanagement4) Uninteresting maps and features5) Moronic AI which doesn't scale and the engine cheats on their behalf6) Trivial victory conditions7) Bug-ridden crapEven Moo2 had issues, but I liked the Ship Design and Combat and also shipping all my colonists into the sun and replacing them with android scientists for what I called the 'Android Takeover'. This is after you have herded all the other races in the game onto size 3 worthless rocks to be watched over by a single scout.A 4x engine which let players sculpt their own maps interactively, scale their empire from simple dirt farmers to intergalactic horse traders whilst allowing them to define their own winning conditions and an AI that is wickedly smart and learns from each game the player plays. And doesn't require a supercomputer, is not encumbered with 'Early release, let's patch it with DLC' syndrome and has adequate Fun Factor Index from start to finish without requiring a Doctorate in Philosphy (Gaming) to play.Well I can dream can't I?"
76561198030771448,Recommended,226860,29381501,Posted: 20 January,all,c2h5ohsponge,"Polished and well thought out.  Am enjoying all the improvements over GC2, which I loved.  Can't wait for the next big expansion pack!  Hope they bring back espionage, but using the fresh sensible approach they've taken with the rest of the game.  Makes winter in Ceti Alpha 5 (The U.P. of Michigan) almost pleasant....."
76561198232368452,Recommended,226860,26480877,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Thalantyr,love the civilization style game in space. and the ability to custom design ships is an awesome feature. build your fleets. lol
76561198038820898,Recommended,226860,16982567,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Admiral1012,GalCiv III is just great! I've been playing for hours ans hours now: This is the only true successor of Master of Orion II (and I ;-)) imho!!!have fun playing this fantastic game!
76561198007216455,Recommended,226860,15882708,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Phesoph,"Improvements:- most important new feature is the hexagon field as in Civ5- the graphic has been adjusted in time, completely revised- the ship models look really nice- the battles with large fleets are spectacular- the ship's designer works even better than in Gal Civ2- the game is stable and relatively bug free- the AI makes a better impression- the menu navigation is comfortable- strategic resourcesNegatives comparing to GalCiv2- lack of fractions: Arceans, Drath Legion, Torian Confederation, Korx Consortium missing- espionage and sabotage missing- changing forms of government and rebellionsThe game makes fun and I enjoy playing it. Especially graphically better than Gal Civ 2 , but missing main races, espionage, bad or good goverment feedback"
76561198007981162,Recommended,226860,15830351,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,mdlrkn33,"I've been a fan of the GalCiv franchise since it started. GalCiv 3 adds quite a bit from 2. The replay value has been great so far. I've put in about 36 hours as of this review and I plan on putting in quite a bit more. The sheer scale of the maps and vast tech tree are just a couple of reasons I'll keep coming back to this game. The series brought back memories of the hours I dumped into MOO 2 as a kid. They've done a great job with this one, and it's well worth the money."
76561198027322324,Not Recommended,226860,15921801,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Rylock,I have tried to play this game for the past week trying everything I could from you tube videos to following every steam support guide to get this game to work. all it tells me is Failed to Start Game (Missing Executable).
,Recommended,226860,15819202,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,scaramonga,"Fantastic game! Been playing since Alpha and looking forward to full release day. Loving the modding aspects of this gem also, great to play around with, and will be even better when the Steam Workshop gets integrated.Strategy at its best.Must buy!"
76561198069177923,Not Recommended,226860,31050906,Posted: 9 April,all,Prowler477,"Fun space sim with many similarities to Sins of the Solar Empire and Stellaris. That said, Stellaris is the better option. Still pretty fun but I do not think I will be coming back to this game. They did have an amazing mechanic I wish was in other space sims a very flushed out and intricate customization of individual ships in your fleet from color, shape, cockpit, engines, guns (mostly aesthetic from what I could tell but still very cool). fun to make your TIE Fighters and X-Wings."
76561198045342621,Not Recommended,226860,15844144,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,=TEX= DahmonGrimwolf,"EDIT: It now freezes every 20 minutes. 3 times in a row. Completely unplayable 3 hours into my game.Everything I have managed to play of this game is great and loads of fun. Except I cant play the damn thing very much because it crashes. I've been trying to just play the game I had a really good starting location but then, before i even got the first weapons, it just crashes. it crashed twice on me during the tutorial so I gave up and just played a normal game for a while but that crashed. This game looks REALLY fun but I can't seem to play for more than an hour."
76561197972906174,Not Recommended,226860,15936366,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,C DEATON,"When it works without crashing, it's a great game.  Very similar to GalCiv 2 but with more bells and whistles, so fans of the previous games won't be disappointed.Unfortunately, the early versions seem to be having problems with random crashes which don't appear to be avoidable when you reload an auto-save file.  The crash might not always happen at the exact same time, but you seem to get to a point where having one becomes close to unavoidable.  The fact that it doesn't always happen at the same time is disconcerting because it could mean it will take a while for the devs to pin down the exact cause.Very good game, but I'd recommend waiting until a few patches have been released (the first one didn't fix this)."
,Not Recommended,226860,23409763,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Robo_Rabbit,Gave up on it. Devs keep messing around with things so that game play became too complicated.
76561198030782092,Not Recommended,226860,15975015,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,w_will,"Typical Stardock, they will fix it eventually, but tired of paying to play unstable games. Wait until it goes on sale and they patch a few more bugs.Large maps are unplayable due to internal bugs that cause crashes, even in the saved games.Bottom line: not ready for release, but they published it anyway."
,Not Recommended,226860,30331743,Posted: 4 March,all,Lit,Civilization earned the right to charge for DLC being an amazing game without it. GC3 is really spitting in our face charging so much for so little content.
76561197964474646,Not Recommended,226860,13049327,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Ryan Hart,This game is obviously still in Beta - but it's quite rough with hang ups to be expected every couple hours or so. Fortunately the auto-save feature  loads your game right up and you can continue.I'm still trying to figure out how this game is any different than previous installments in the series. If anyone knows feel free to comment - but at the moment it's just a broken version of previous entries.
76561198045716154,Not Recommended,226860,15909411,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,[42] Jellikal,Galactic Civ III is a clunky memory hog with no in game help system. You get all sorts of icons and no info on what the blips mean. It is a robust game and I hope it will get patched into awesomeness. But right now I am unhappy I spent $50 for it.  The game play is similar to MOO but not as fluid.  The diplomacy options are very limited. The design system looks amazing but there is no info on how to use it.  The reporting is really good. The tutorial really poor.I was hoping for a game to be the game that Civ V Beyond earth was meant to be and missed.... I am still looking.
76561198030072032,Recommended,226860,15857541,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Buttner92,"This game right now will freeze at every chance it gets.End of a turn, freezeMove too much, freezeClick a button, freezein the twenty minutes I've tried to play it today it has frozen seven times.... this is such a good game, and I don't want to battle with it just to try and play"
76561198030696120,Not Recommended,226860,21214724,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,GENR8,"Compared to its excellent predecessor, GC3 isn't fresh enough to stand on its own.  It seems more of the same.  Further, the lack of polish is immersion breaking.  I recommend browsing the excellent alternatives in the 4X genre before making a purchase."
76561197970634020,Not Recommended,226860,18364862,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Mork d'Ork,"I liked this game.  It has an interesting approach to the 4x model and it's legacy gives it a bit of gravity: you wanna see GalCiv again!  I enjoyed GalCiv 2 and for what this is... it's also enjoyable.Why am I not recommending it?  There really isn't anything to terribly interesting about it.  It has some replayability, but for $60 it leaves me a bit stand-offish.  I feel like it was a little bit light for that price... and then they added DLC.Sid Meier's Civ this is not.  If you can get this cheaply... like $5, then it might be worth your time.  Maybe.  If it was free, then I would have a different opinion.  That is to say that if the base game was approached as something of a platform from which the DLC was added... and if (obviously) the DLC had some depth... well, then it would be worth it.  But it isn't and the DLC is not.  So no."
,Recommended,226860,22349337,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,CougerMalthas,"Fantastic game, If you like turn based games I would say this one if for you."
,Recommended,226860,22349938,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,RED_King,THIS IS THE GREATEST TURNBASED GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED PLZZZZZ KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK. :)
76561198047635338,Recommended,226860,22468856,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,firehorse.m66,THE GAME ITSELF IS VERY GOOD. however the ship builder is hard to grasp. also it would be beter if everyone could share there ship designs. al-in-all I give it a 8.8 on a 10 point scale...
76561198028008669,Recommended,226860,20168767,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Zak,"The game is very much like gal civ 2 and civilization. But dont come in expecting a civilization clone they are very different games.For combat you need to design your ships deciding how fast, how far, how much defence, what support moduals they hold, and how much offence they will have. You can utalize faster ships to seek and destroy smaller enemy fleets and slower ships to attack fortified worlds.The city management has almost nothing in comparason. In civ you have tiles that you work with workers. In gal civ you have tiles in which you build improvements that give bonuses. Population produces production which can be assigned into one of 3 catigories through a tri slider money, manufactoring, and research. Then anohther slider changes between building manufactoring and ships. Ship building is not done by shipyards which you can feed planets too."
76561198045784533,Not Recommended,226860,19478385,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Sympathizer,"Pros: 4xAddicting custom raceMultiple tech treesCons: Apart from AI and stuffs.Performance on very large maps with multiple AI is terrible after playing for quite a while.Close and load again and it will be better.Some bug and glitchesThere are a few really annoying one.1) Game tends to wait permanently at enemy turn when it gets into late game.2) Hitting something and clicking eject on another fleet results in a visual bug.Your ships get cloned and if you try to hit with it, nothing happens and it also leads to 1).Both requires you to close and load again.3) Game crashes sometimesOverall: Not really worth 50 bucks unless bugs fixed and improvements made."
76561198066590197,Recommended,226860,19644452,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,denis-ddr,"Nicely done, should keep you going for a long time"
,Recommended,226860,23780825,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Millhouse Manastorm,After you start knocking out opponents the game dynamic becomes more and more predictable and repetetive.  I didnt even want to finish my first win.Multiplayer games are much too hard to start up or keep going past 10 minutes.
76561198036400625,Recommended,226860,22492794,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,casey.norris88,I've played for over sixty hours.  The game will suck you in!  Very in-depth and a time killer.
76561198142587429,Recommended,226860,22329596,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,DELTA C0MPANY,"If you like 4x games, this is the best."
76561198063965533,Recommended,226860,22346046,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,KenE5000,I have played this for many consecutive hours. Very good game.
76561198055676270,Not Recommended,226860,23563823,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,RedTon,"The game has lost many aspects from Galactic Civilization II,  by trying to do more complicated 3D ship design.. That's useless other than looks but now is required to work with....   It made an awful experience the ship building forced in custom races is terrible addition even though they are superfictical you can not easily upgrade or change designs.  Your basically designing ships in 3D mode constantly after every tech upgrade.  All I want to do is upgrade for example adjust a gun or engine I am struggling with a very bad 3D editor to make a ship which previously would of been almost autoconstructed for me.  Now I am having to deal with this 3d model which isn't even fun, there is no way for me to skip designing 3d ship model and simply pick ship upgrades automatically or simply upgrade, I have to go around a 3d ship model adding items.To top off the rest of the game it's same as Galactic Civilization II but a lot more tech trees that basically seem to do nothing much, but if you want to know difference I was so fustrated by this versions changes I decided to try to warn others not to purchases this even though I love the previous editions.  I am old I am played the first galactica and civilization first edition.   If your thinking about this game buy the 2nd edition,  it's a much better game.     I loved 2nd one replayed many times with many different galaxies but this latest one I quit first game in mid-game after 4 hrs.  I will probably never played it again.  The tech trees are ridiculously long, your defensive tatics seem unimposing, aliens are all agressive nontrade war races.   I won't be buying the next edition of this game again until I see a youtube video of ship building basically reworked and some real inivative things. Showing me I can skip what I call boring and annoying part of the game or autoupgrade my ships easly saving my ship designs."
76561198040062263,Recommended,226860,22314383,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Titan,Interesting and fun.
76561198129929266,Not Recommended,226860,15865125,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,house,I don't have the fastest computer but its better than the minimum and the game keeps on crashing.Beware if you try to run it with low system specs.
76561198120741405,Recommended,226860,18941101,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,alternate,this latest iteration on the galciv formula is the best yetif ur looking for a scifi Civilization with a sense of humor (angry killer squirrals from outspace) this is the game for u
,Recommended,226860,16747514,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Frozen Fallout,Just Epic!
76561198067044926,Recommended,226860,18513207,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,kiddfunkadelic,For those looking for a true 4x experience and desiring to customize and optimize every aspectic of their civilsation.A Fantastic addition to the Galactic Civilisation's franchise.
76561198037326429,Not Recommended,226860,16617499,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,kempy89,"As a long lover of GC2 ultimate edition I've been keeping an eye on the new installment. IS IT OUT OF BETA though it feels like buying Rome total war 2 all over again. 5 LOADS and Reeboots later I had made it past the opening and was in the game menu considering I run Attila tw and Rome 2 didn't think this game would be as much of a problem. I have a medium powered laptop so maybe I will appreciate this game more when I can do immense maps. I understand they continued the storyline from GC2 but no more Torians and Arceans in sandbox mode was a bit sad and no Drath the bane of GC2 who always seem to find a super powered Precursor artifact and become giants I enjoy grinding down, thats when I decide to give the others a chance and not include the Thalon in my GC2 games. Anyway GC2 rant can be left for GC2 this is GC3 and its a whole new ball game.So after I finally started the campaign after my 5th try thank god. It running a bit smoother now. BUT although it has a similar feel (refering back to Rome 2) it seems like this game is really buggy After my colonies are fully built it won't let me end turn because they are idle I sense the streamlining That iniatially annoyed me in Rome 2 as well as GC2 you never had this. Graphics are better I can only run a Gigantic map though as that is what my current laptop is capable to do suprisingly as sins of a solar empire has far more detail and runs smoothly in enormous maps. Anyway different game not the biggest fan of how you research and manage colonies maybe being a bit nostalgic to GC2 and thinking the had it right the first time and I think I will look at this game as an investment I got it in a sale. I will wait for them to finish the bugs and also complete the campaign in GC2 first so I know why they killed of some awesome races and replaced them with a banking race. I'm more into the sandbox side of the game build an empire compete with normally the Thalons for technological supremacy as I play terran also you no longer can add in bonus traits or am I just missing the option?Anyway to conclude good effort seems like they released a bit to early or I need a new a super powered laptop to play (I must play the biggest map otherwise you don't get the feel of really dominating a galaxy) I am liking that they can have like 100+ factions in a game, will just have to power through like in total war get use to the changes and hopefully WHEN it loads faster and plays a bit smoother and will let me end a turn without having to destroy a building and remake it I will replay it for now it's going to sit in my Library for a while till I upgrade laptops give them a year to basically fix the game, also took me a while to work out you no longer build starbases on the planets and they are in space and can be blown up mixed feelings on this, anyway see you in like a year GC3!"
76561198047688908,Recommended,226860,18970185,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Master Supreme Overlord,"1.  Galactic Civilizations III:2.  Too long, don't want to read: Very good gameplay and graphics. Needs more features like Civ V.3.  Sustains:a.  GC3 has excellent graphics and smaller maps perform well even on lower end computersb.  For the computers that can handle it, the largest maps are truly epic in scale and among the largest I've seen amongst this genre of gamesc.  Designing and updating custom ships is interactive and quite fund.  Trade and diplomacy is simplee.  Interface is intuitive and very easy to slide into if you've played similar gamesf.  Hours of good and challenging gameplay4.  Improvements:a.  Soundtrack can get repetitive very quickly as it seems to be one or two long songs on loop and gameplay fills many hoursb.  Diplomacy in my opinion is broken in almost every game in this genre(a).  The AI often displays characteristic irrational decision-making regardless of strategy(b).  Trading is almost always one sided favoring the computer. The only fair deal you'll get are open borders or with an ally and if you've boosted diplomacy skills like crazyc.  Lack of a world builder(a).  You can purchase a map editor with a $5 DLC. Unacceptable.(b).  The map editor lacks the developer tools to be able to create scenarios. Unacceptable."
76561198030943299,Recommended,226860,19686003,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Lone_Wanderer,"It's a fun game, but most of the features that were included in galactic civ 2 have been turned into dlc (microtransactions) for this game. The base game is good but without the dlc it's really missing alot."
,Recommended,226860,19702423,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Big_Oberon,For anyone who like turn based 4x strategy games this is a good buy.  I personally also like crafting my own ships with the ship editor so there is that too.  I would personally give it a 8 out of 10.
76561197985591556,Recommended,226860,19707000,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,cafe637,Great Game.  Things I would have like to have been in the game. Spying. Ground troops that are not a part of the population. Previous politcal system with your empires senate was great. I also liked that you could previously get man on the street type comments in the individual planet sections. Also a list of uncolonized planets that are colonizable. a list of planets controlled by other empires would also be very useful.Other than those small things this is a really really great game. Far better than the other Space empire games released in recent years.
76561198075072097,Recommended,226860,19718568,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,rpp2017,"It gets better and better!Utterly playable and engaging.Keep up the great work, guys!"
76561198043624516,Recommended,226860,19721279,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,BanditKeith00,"I love this game; however, I would like the story mode was longer"
76561198005428403,Recommended,226860,19726227,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Rombo,No more turns! I've seen the sunrise 3 times so far in less than 2 weeks. It's that good!
76561198033105480,Recommended,226860,22307213,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,LordDragonStrike,I loved how they just made all the aspects of gal civ 2 just better in this one.  It is like meeting an old friend who became much more interesting.  My only complaint is that there is no way to have a testing of a newly designed fleet against an opponent.
76561198085549224,Not Recommended,226860,19729293,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,crys,"Maybe graphics have improved, however the UI is lacking alot.Things like revenue and research times are hidden behind tooltips.Most of the fatures lack proper information. You can only guess how they work or if they work at all.New things like combat speed have no info at all.The AI seems very docile and unable to compeat with aggressive AIs.The Economy in the game feels broken, you can run without any taxiation.Industry standards like production rollover have been thrown out the window.The UI compared to GC II is a huge downgrade, i would go as far as to say MOO2 had a more advanced UI."
,Recommended,226860,20135750,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,大きな大砲,This game is dope as♥♥♥♥♥
76561198067298451,Recommended,226860,20192634,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,jamesdeltorto,Pretty cool Game.  :-)
,Recommended,226860,20193557,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Grimtsunami,A++
,Recommended,226860,17129531,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,krownster,"Great game much like Civilization. If you remember Masters of Orion, it is like an updated version of that."
,Recommended,226860,17215295,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,A Bunny,"Dis game is full of spess. Not spess bunnies though, just vast, empty spess full of things to discover, build n' destroy. Okay, so maybe that means it's not very empty. Like it's precursor, Galactic Civilizations II, this game does not have any bunnies unless you make your own. Unlike it's precusor, it has a bit of a better campaign that's obviously going to be extended in time by expansion packs. Maybe.If you liked the second one, you should get this one! 10/10"
76561198023222578,Recommended,226860,17130877,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,VGBNEM,"When it comes to Space 4X games, this game is awesome."
76561198059427082,Recommended,226860,17130243,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,dan.fioravanti,"Very good game!   New to Gal. Civ, so I wasn't sure what to expect.   There's very little that I would critiize, wide range of controls and great tutorial/campaign to help new users ease into the game."
,Recommended,226860,17128653,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,dulocracy,The gameplay on this game is in my opinion the absolute best of this genre of games.
76561198135543205,Not Recommended,226860,20193565,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Valonqar,"The game starts off good but becomes a pain. The computer allies over time clog up the areas around your shipyards and planets. There is something called an open borders treaty but im not sure why? it has no effect. To clear them you have to goto war and sweep them like rats , so why?At this point I cant recommend it."
76561198009596273,Recommended,226860,22371549,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,yandross67,"love the game but there are some things that need to be changed like the level of the people or ai your versing well to be honest the whole game needs to change really because what you find valuable as a human is not going to be valuable to some alien race i think a lot of you game makers watched far too much tv or some thing. Honestly find out about space water is everywhere out there it is a planet killer nitrogen is a key to life, i mean there is so much data you could have usedbut oh well i can dream i suppose where someone puts out an intelligent game based on facts not someone elses imagination."
76561198013805853,Not Recommended,226860,21839254,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,gregory.knapp,The responce time for Galactic Civilzations III has been unaccaptable.And it is very slow to respond.Can't anyone do something about it?
76561198096747446,Recommended,226860,31351564,Posted: 24 April,all,Bautistas Traps,It would be nice if more species were added
76561197974589615,Recommended,226860,16066076,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,TFmoore,I have been playing the Galactic Civ series since the first one and even preorder this one but i have to say to me there does not feel like there is much diffrence between the second one with the expansions and the third one. Yes it is slightly more polished and the AI is a little better which is nice but the reality of it for me is it feels like a polished version of 2 not a new game. I would have expected new races a lot more ship parts new and unique tech but the game is a rehash.That may change when some expansions come out as two got a lot better with its expansion but for now hold off and spend your money ells ware. The only reason why you should play this game is if you don't already have previous one then its a good game but still wait for a sale.
,Recommended,226860,16007139,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,coold63,I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing and I love it.
76561198047384715,Not Recommended,226860,19527541,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,GeneralG,"The campaign is alright.. pretty straight forward. The problems comes with the insane stratergy sessions you would like to make. 100 hrs into and insane map with a r9 290 and 16 gig ram 64bit. I can do 1 maybe 2 turns and the game crashes. Meh same with sins, as soon as you go big the game goes dead."
76561198052740618,Not Recommended,226860,26334381,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Glade,"This game is missing something, it feels unfinished and predictible. DLCs for £50 is bit insane, maybe once the DLCs are on sale i will give it another try."
76561198007265803,Not Recommended,226860,21633364,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,williamwermes,"I like the game concept but really dislike how unfair the game is slanted towards the AI. No matter what,I cannot seem to have a chance to win."
76561198052601509,Not Recommended,226860,21358347,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Jywert3,"Not complete. Almoust at same state as vanilla Gal civ II. But worse as you know whats missing. Play Gal Civ II for now. Buy this one one sale. OR wait for complete edition in 3 years as all the DLC is finished.then this game is better than  Gal civ II.But ship building is nice for few hours than just booring.This game was at early access, should had stayed there."
,Recommended,226860,26252103,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Bipolar Beholder,"The only flaw this game has, is that there's no fantasy or civ like mod. If you like customization, depth of play, a really good A.I. and Civilization games, play this. Even if you don't like Sci-Fi give this game a try.I used to play this back in Galactic Civilization 2. It was great in it's simplicty and play, 3 came out and all of that changed. Customization and plenty of things to do, you can play this game for ages. I think the only way to make this game last longer would be to have random civil wars, which... I think there are.Joining the Air Force and dropping the game, I started playing Civilzation 3 then 4. I love Civ 4, even now with Civ 6 out I still consider it the better of the game franchises. People complain about stacks of doom, but the 1UPT to me is game breaking. I recently picked up Civ 6 and, though happy with a lot of it's changes and features, the 1UPT system and clumsy A.I. sufferes for it.Then, I rediscovered that Galactic Civilization 3 is now multiplayer.Sold.If you want a good RTS, also check out Sins of a Solar Empire."
76561198018300840,Recommended,226860,20161749,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,samstintsman367,"Great game, loved Gal Civ II and liked this one even better!"
76561198067809895,Recommended,226860,20162071,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Daddio914,This is the game I hoped the previous incarnatiouns would be.
76561198031204023,Recommended,226860,20163443,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,_MAD_X_Scientist_,"I have played  the entire Galactic Civ. family, and I really like the improvements that they made to the new iteration of it. I really love ship designing and the graphics are very good."
76561198166679675,Recommended,226860,20952853,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Fortunate Son,10/10
,Not Recommended,226860,18962598,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Peregrine,"If you've played Civilization, then you've played Galactic Civilizations III.Well, that's not really fair. If you've played Civilization, then you've played the CORE gameplay of GC3. GC3 puts forth a great effort at adding something new to the formula, but in most cases those attempted additions fall short or go awry. MOST cases.Let's talk about the similarities first: it's turn-based. You play the tactical portion of the game (the vast majority) in a top-down view of the world, and you can go into your individual planets and build structures, each of which takes a certain number of turns to complete. The number of turns it takes each structure to complete is based on that planet's manufacturing and... yeah, you all know how Civilization works. Same deal here. With one twist, but we'll get to that in a little bit.From the top-down view, you can move your units around, each one gets a certain numbers of tile moves each turn, yadda yadda Civilization. You have worker units, explorer units, combat units, yadda yadda Civilization. There are tactical resources scattered across each game map that your worker units need to build starbases to harvest from in order to build cutting-edge units, yadda yadda Civilization.Your civilization can research new technologies, each of which takes a certain amount of turns to research, and special structures can speed up the process yadda yadda Civilization.Let's talk about the differences now.The city management aspect of building structures comes with a new twist. Unlike Civilization, where you could only build a single structure of a particular type in each city (so for example, each city could only have one barracks), and you had no control over that building aside from ordering its construction, GC3 is a bit different. When you 'click' into a city, you're presented with a map of the planet's terrain, overlaid with an irregular grid of hexagons. One hexagon is already filled with your capital city, and the rest can be filled with structures you choose. So right from the get-go, you don't have room for every structure on every planet. Plus, building improvements next to other improvements of the same type improves their effiency. So by constructing several factories next to each other, I increase my planet's manufacturing capacity, not just linearly, but exponentially. Constructing any improvement next to the capital city also provides a similar bonus.Sounds great, right? Some extra thinking for the building aspect? Well, there are some drawbacks. First of all, the location of your capital city on the grid is RANDOM. You have no control over where that occurs when you colonize a planet. It may not seem like it, but it's a huge tactical advantage OR disadvantage. Secondly, the end result of the 'grouping buildings together' system is a construction system that has a LOT of very basic-functioning, homogenous buildings. The question of 'do I build a barracks, a granary, or walls first' doesn't really come into play - you just drop down three factories instead.The core tactical gameplay is solid, but flawed in its execution. I can't point to any single element and say, 'this is the problem', but something about it left me wanting more. This may just be my relative novice-itude to the game speaking, but I found it extremely difficult to guage exactly how powerful I was at any given time. I was building ships, lots of ships, some of them cost tactical resources so they must be good, I had some small escort craft and a fleet of medium and large capital ships, and I had no idea how that stacked up against my opponents.Overall they went for deep complexity over streamlined simplicity in this one, which I normally applaud, but in this case I think they went too deep. Different ships have different special abilities, engine types, weapon types, weapon sub-types, defensive measures... it's exceedingly difficult as a newcomer to keep up. I still don't know if different weapon types (beams, missiles, kinetics [bullets]) do better against different types of ships, because the game never really bothers to tell me.Part of the problem resides in the sheer number of units you're dealing with. To compare this to Civilization again, a decent-sized army might be 20, 30, maybe 40 units total. In GC3, you WILL need to construct hundreds and hundreds of ships, and all those ships might be of dozens upon dozens of different archetypes and loadouts - AND every single one will need to be constructed individually. You don't build squads or fleets, you build SHIPS, one at a time, regardless of size.One thing the game fails to tell you is additional info about the ship designer. You thought I had forgotten, didn't you? I didn't. Yes, one of the key features of this game is the ship designer, where you can build your very own ships, using prebuilt components and hulls and weapons and engines and etc. Now don't get me wrong, I understand they probably couldn't have an hour-long tutorial on using the ship designer in-game - though it would be nice - but reember how this game is really similar to Civilization? Well, that works against it in this case. As I was researching more and more technologies, I wasn't seeing any that seemed like they'd logically lead into a specific ship unlock. The technologies didn't even tell me what ships they unlocked! But I checked back into my shipyard, and lo and behold, some more ships had become unlocked! How?Well, what this game DOESN'T. TELL. YOU. is that near as I can tell, there are NO pre-built, standardized ships to unlock. What happens is, you unlock a specific technology, like an experimental antimatter cannon, or medium-sized hull construction, and then the game with auto-populate your shipyards with templates from the ship designer engine that require all the technologies you have unlocked. So as soon as you unlock the technology to use antimatter as an explosive, the COMPONENT 'experimental antimatter cannon' is what's unlocked, and you'll be shown a couple ideal templates that use that component.On the one hand... this is REALLY cool. But on the other... it's just SO. MUCH. to take in. The game doubled down on complex and complicated systems, but didn't include any tutorials or guides on their use.If you are an uber-veteran of Civilization and are looking for a much deeper, more complicated game, with dozens of new systems to master, this is for you. If you are in LOVE with the space aesthetic and want a Civilization-like game with GORGEOUS space aesthetics (the top-down tactical view of the map is BEAUTIFUL), then this game is for you. But if you're looking for a game to dump, maybe a hundred hours into, play pretty casually, for fun, every once in a while... Run. Run NOW. This game requires MASTERY of multiple highly complicated gameplay systems for you to be a successful player."
76561198051081502,Recommended,226860,24163284,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Skkydancer,"Learning Curve, but excellent! Love the attention to detail as the different fauna of the galaxy have individual sounds as you scroll into them. Awesome - great play over time game about 65 hours in now third start for a real run. Love it."
76561198120572358,Recommended,226860,19665561,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Teysa of Orzhova,"Galactic civilisation III is the best RTS i've ever played. There is still some upgrade that can be add to the game, but overall i give 4/5 star."
76561198006942609,Recommended,226860,16977547,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Lexx,"Quite possibly the best 4X strategy game of all time.If you like Galactic Civilaztions 1 and 2, you're going to love Gal Civ III!"
76561198069145586,Recommended,226860,16977942,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Soldaris,Great game!
76561197970201649,Recommended,226860,16983757,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,eliarnold3,"Very good game.  Mastery is all about adjacency bonuses and world specialization.  I do wish you had to make more hard choices with tech, I end up with the same stuff every game pretty much, though there is some species variation."
,Recommended,226860,18982625,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Ezekiel,"Although it has its flaws, and is still trying to find an equilibrium in some places, GalCivIII is a solid space 4x game. It's respectful of its roots (especially theMaster of Orionseries) without slavish adherence to their methods; it also builds on the prior entires in the series, narratively and mechanically. You can see the family resemblance, but it can stand on its own. The addition of multiplayer is a huge bonus for me, and I don't believe it detracts meaningfully from the single-player story experience.Overall, I'd rate it an 8/10. A good, solid 4x gaming experience; there's little that will rock your socks off, and the AI needs some more work, but you won't be disappointed with this game if you enjoyed the previous entries or similar games (MOO2, Space Empires, etc.) With time, the developers continue to smooth out the rough areas of the game, though sometimes I expected these things a lot sooner. For example, passwords for multiplayer games were only added in the most recent patch. It's truly great that the devs are making the game better with time, and their inexperience with MP games can be forgiven, but I can't help feeling that some of these bugs/missing features should've been present in the game at launch.Also: Although the wiki is a very useful resource, it is WOEFULLY out of date. If you're gonna have an official wiki, give it some official love!"
,Recommended,226860,17231793,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Gooey,I have really enjoyed this game thus far. The only problem is that I don't have enough cool friends to play this with.
,Recommended,226860,18296080,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,The.Tylko,"A very fun and addicting game with enough functions to make planetary specialization be important but not carved in stone.  Just because a planet is research-primary does not mean you can't shave off an extra turn on that all-so-important colony ship by concentrating the local populace on manufacturing.  Very well done!  The ship designer utility is not a vanity tool.  There are vanity points in it, but in harder difficulties you need to design ships to defeat the enemy(s) you are fighting against.  Drengin like rockets.  Prepare your ships under contruction to deal with that and your enemy will be hard pressed to resist your ""influence"".The only gripes I have are:1. The galaxy is weirdly unrealistic.  Although, if it was realistic, antimatter would be even harder to find:/2. That mini-map...  Its functional, but very small colored dots showing my planets/fleets don't show up too well when showing my zone of control.  A slight bother, but not too bad."
76561197971985964,Recommended,226860,14799850,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Imissxcom,Gal Civ  + better graphics and proper growth in the right areas
76561198140872891,Recommended,226860,14850188,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Southes,"First of all, this game is still in beta so purchase at your own risk.tl;dr: Great game for those who love complex strategy and/or creativity and don't mind a few technical issues. However still lacking features and still prone to crashes and bugs.The game is fun and nostalgic for those who played older GalCivs but it's still far from being complete. The game itself is quite complex, mostly ranging from managing your economy and research whilst also building up your armada to defend your civilization. Other than that, you can build your own ships tailored to the situation and your own creativity, you can build anything from the smallest scouts to intimidatingly huge battleships. You can also build specialized ships like fragile but deadly snipers or even a craft specialized with sensors to see the enemy coming from sectors away. You can even win in your own way, conquering through military (let's be honest, the most fun and easy method), cultural or technological might. These elements combined with future content seems rather promising for a strategy game, especially as the developpers seem keen to both add content to the game and fix current issues.However, let us remember that it's a beta and is therefore prone to many, many issues, amongst the most pressing:-Many, many bugs, rarely play over 30mins without any technical problems (especially true late game)-You lose your save data (or, to be precise, the ability to use them as they are no longer compatible) every few patches-Many features have yet to be implemented-The AI can be somewhat... crude and annoyingDespite this, I will still recommend this game as it is still fun and keeps me in the ""one more turn"" mentality for hours on end."
76561198046087821,Recommended,226860,14887015,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,MagicHead,"Without a doubt, this game is incomplete. However, it is plain that as more and more features are added this game will surpass its predecessor.*Update* new 5.2 patch did wonders for my frame rate"
,Recommended,226860,15993893,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Swasey,"This game is great. I have found 2 bugs though, that are kinda frustrating. One, after an event box comes up, or I click on a starbase it will pull the map in one direction and the only I've found to fix it is to alt+tab, or restart. It just crashes sometimes too, maybe 3 times since I've gotten it. Great game though, still love playing despite the minor bugs."
76561197997019134,Recommended,226860,16006027,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,jeffreywheelessishere,"Its a bit like sid's civ. and a bit like ages of empires. Well worth a play. Kinda forgot I had a house and stuff to take care of when I played on the massive map though, so make sure *stuff wont catch fire while your playing cause your gonna be playing for a while."
76561197964277108,Recommended,226860,16007630,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Spicer,"Plays almost exactly like galciv 2 - so it's good, just not that new. The AI is much improved since the beta and now actually poses a challenge. Hopefully Stardock continues to update it.  Would love to see a diplomatic option to have other races remove starbases from your territory besides buying them. Also, it seems almost impossible to get the AI to agree to peace once you are at war."
76561198006528043,Recommended,226860,16015425,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Jester,"This game is freakin addictive, just like Civ 5--in space!If you like 4x games, buy this one, but be aware you must have a rig capable of running 64-bit Windows 7."
76561198058942771,Recommended,226860,16015577,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,SirAlmanac,8/8 gr8 game
76561198031459798,Recommended,226860,17009671,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,mewilliams999,Great game so far.  Amazing graphics!
76561198238180390,Recommended,226860,17020772,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,tinnedpig,"Overall 8.5/10. I played the previous version, GalCiv2, and enjoyed it as well. The graphics and complexity hae come along way in the intervening decade or so.But in a strategy game, what counts, at least for me, is the ability of the game to have you make choices, with consequences, to present you with a fuild and dynamic environment that forces you to adapt to changes in technology, other civilizations, and random events. This game has that in spades. You control planets, ships, starbases, fleets, economic manufacturing and research policies, engage in space battles, cultural conversions, have an enormous tech tree with branching choices that you'll likely never complete in a normal game, can customise a faction not only interms of looks, but actual traits and gameplay, and have a ship designer which is almost a mini-gmae in itself given the nigh infinite combinations of parts allowing you to create any ship you've seen or can imagine. You can even form alliances and trade.As much as I enjoy this latest offering from Stardock, I dislike it being only available on steam. I also noticed a couple of minor annoying, but not game breaking, graphical glitches on my second sandbox game, but as this is only patch 1.1, I'm sure they will get sorted quickly. My biggest complaint, and this can be said of any 4x strategy game, is the lack luster AI, and a relative dearth of reference information about some aspects of the game. Without going into too much detail, certain choices like technologies or colonization events, don't tell you everything that you need to know to make an informed decision, and as the game is new and semi-niche, there isn't a massive wiki or other reference site available yet to make those decisions any easier.The AI, while occasionally crafty, and definitely distinict and focused, couldn't fight it's way out of a wet paper bag. It made repeated tactical and strategic blunders. In fact the mighty Dregin empire, with 12 planets, the warrior scoruge of the galaxy, spent over 100 turns trying to assault ONE minor race planet, and was ultimately unsuccessful. Basically all you need to be successful in fighting the AI isn't  a competitive number of ships, or defensive points, or nebula ambushes, just draw a straight line from their nearest planet to your nearest planet/starbase, counter their weapon of choice, chose a weapon they haven't, and station some ships on that line. You will win even if hilariously outnumbered and outteched. The Ai doesn't try to flank you, or sneek in through another race's territory, it doesn't just attack (it warns you you're at war first), it doesnt operate on more than one front at all, and utterly fails to adapt to your military/technilogical decisions."
76561198021956832,Recommended,226860,18331766,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Tygor,holds true to form
76561198007282419,Recommended,226860,18337611,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,xcom,"Awesome game, on the downside, prepare to waste a lot of hours playing this!"
76561198017458084,Recommended,226860,23209002,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Smaug,"It's similar to Galciv2 but with far better mod support, updated graphics, 64-bit engine and more polished mechanics. Totally reccomend if you like civ in space."
76561198091962221,Recommended,226860,23210021,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,raylward,If you enjoy building a massive military and taking over the universe. This is a great game!
,Recommended,226860,14859537,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Balsty,"First off, I am a fan of this game. I like it for what it is going to surely be. I have actual legitimate faith in Stardock as a developer, which is more than can be said for 90% of devs out there.This game is nowhere near finished at this point. If you want an idea of how development is going and what the game is going to really look like, you can pay for that now. But you won't be paying for a game. Keep that in mind. Think of it as a tech demo. It's a beta, people. It isn't complete, nor will it be for some time yet. They're working on it though, and I have faith in them giving me my money's worth when the final product is ready to play.My original intention with buying this was to see the shipbuilder, but that is very clearly incomplete and missing a crucial feature from GalCiv2 which allowed you to manipulate the camera angle in 3D space in order to see different attachment points.Oh right, those. The little red arrows.Yeah don't try to use the shipbuilder unless you want to give yourself a brain aneurism.The little red arrows have no textures, and no outlines. They are pure red, and you cannot rotate the camera, so you'll very quickly be seeing a red blobby mass that will be impossible to work with. Don't bother.I can't entirely recommend that the reader buy this, because it's unfinished. I can however, tell you that if you like the 4X genre, you should click 'follow' on the store page and throw this on your wishlist while you're at it. You probably don't want this game now, but you will, eventually. I can promise you that."
,Recommended,226860,14874676,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,LolsLikeMuttley,"If you’ve played the previous two games then you know what to expect from this early access version of Galactic Civilizations III.  Explore, expand, exploit and exterminate but this time you’ll need the 64-bit version of Windows 7 or later to do so. It’s suitably pretty and the interface is clean and fluid. It’s a little bare bones at present but I’ve still had fun with it. This isn’t the finished product so there are bugs to squash and lots more features to implement. I am however excited about its future and if you’re itching to recreate all your favourite sci-fi ships in the star ship designer you should be too."
76561198035298745,Recommended,226860,15113885,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,panzer981,great game !
76561198012715442,Recommended,226860,15125723,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,delkath,"Here is the short and sweet.  If you enjoy 4X overall, or have played and enjoyed any of the Gal Civ games, pick this one up.  With the latest patch, this game is definitely worth their asking price.  See below for a little more detail.So, prior to this latest patch Beta 5, I would NOT have recommended the game for their asking price.  It was completely unpolished, lacked depth, and full of bugs.  This would be expected in any early beta, however, to pay the 50$, or whatever you paid for it, was totally unjustifiable.  As a fan of the series, I was highly dissapointed with the game and discouraged by what was available.Now, present day, I would highly recommend the game.  I am a fan of 4X strategy and the Gal Civ games of the past.  This one is easily the best and one of my, if not theee, overall favorite 4X games.  You can see how many hours I have sunk into the game already, and that was when it was in a crappy state.  The new patch offers all the features you would expect and want in the Gal Civ series.  In playing the game through to its current state, I feel now it is worth their asking price and I can only assume based on its history of improvements, it is only going to get even better."
,Recommended,226860,15818745,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Muhatma Randhi,Space and lots of it! great game.
76561198012224753,Recommended,226860,15827112,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Schapie,"Now that it is officially launched I can tell you this, Short story: BUY IT NOW its worth every pennyThe game is amazing, patched frequently, very in-depth with creating ur own race and style of ships and galactic diplomacy where ur votes actually matter. Ofcourse not everyone is attracted to this type of game but even then u should buy it on a sale and atleast try it out. The more friend u can play with the better this game gets.Thank you devs for this great game and 1 that isnt alpha for the rest of its time."
76561198002148360,Recommended,226860,15891839,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,oblivionbrains,"Bravo Stardock!!! I've been part of the Beta testing since the late winter, and have enjoyed every minute of it. I also enjoyed (and still enjoy) your Dev Streams. I'm a big Civ fan (like your CEO and several developers). You made a product that salute that great franchise, yet is a unique and terrific entity unto itself. Looking forward to the DLCs to come. Thanks for making me take just one more turn, then another...and yet another. 5/5, 10 out of 10"
76561198021811107,Recommended,226860,15968391,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Roka,"I have been a fan of Galactic Civilizations since its first game and a Fan of Stardock for a very very long time. Although some of their titles have been plagued with bugs this game is pretty stable.The game is Civilization in space, and instead of plopping cities wherever you wish your limited to habitable planets that can sustain your race. The good news is you can create your own race with its own perks and limitations. The race to colonize the galaxy is a fierce one as you will be competing with many different major alien empires as well with local independent planets that will hinder or aid you in your own conquest.Customizing your race is fun, there is a lot you can edit including your portrait, name, abilities, ship colors, ship styles, and even your opening text as you boot up your game. The race you choose can evolve the way you want by the way of morality by special events that occur in the galaxy or planets. Your morality works like a religion as the other alien empires will judge you based on your rule style.The bad news is the game can be a little complex as the technology tree is very large and diverse. Although it has improved since its earlier titles it still very large and will take a while to get through. The galactic map can become very difficult depending on how the map is drawn you could be in the center of the galaxy surrounded by habitable planets or stuck in an asteroid field with dead planets.The game is very random which is a good thing, even playing the same nation it will play out differently, no strategy will work every time. It is worth the money, I just wish they would open the game up for modding as this game has enormous potential for expanded content."
76561198042011843,Recommended,226860,15983133,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Samurai Jack,"So this is my first GalCiv game and I have to say I'm impressed with how it works, it reminds me very much like the early sid meier civ games with some of the decision making you have to make during initial planetary colonization and random events.I'm still early days as I'm not nearly half way through my first campaign but some how have 5 hours logged, and I'm loving every second, it feels like a breath of fresh air compared to the civ games.The only cons I can think of I will list below, other than that I can honestly review this as a 9/10 gameCons:When governing a planets production and trying to min max, the planets turn timers for production outputs and so forth aren't refreshed and yo have to exit and reclick the planet for the turn timers to update.At some point the strategic resources took up a place in the UI that overlaps the diplomacy button, I can no longer trade or talk to other civs with that UI in the way. (EDIT: This has been fixed, the game warned me about my screen resolution so I edited it from the desktop and this problem is fixed.)"
76561198056705225,Recommended,226860,15990803,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Mr Steal Yo Clams,"Awesome game. There is so much to do and the AI really kick my♥♥♥♥♥a lot. If you like turned based strategy games, this is just for you. Also, if you get it, add me because no one I know will get it. QQ"
76561198045272958,Recommended,226860,15991381,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,adamthepriest,Having some sort of guide or encyclopedia to help you know how things work in the game would be very nice. There is also no online guide anywhere to help you understand game mechanics.  I enjoy the game but this is very aggravating.
,Recommended,226860,15992089,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Artalencar,I haven't played that much yet but when I do I'll be back and make a decent review.Right now what I can say is: the game looks very deep and it feels like a Civ5 and a space ship shooter love child.
,Recommended,226860,15992881,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,azureflame64,I think this is the best 4X space game ever made. Just enough complexity and customization with out being inaccessible. Highly recommend.
76561197965769436,Recommended,226860,15995262,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,zarhadom,"This game is the first good 4x ive played in years (endless space was good to, but i never got really hooked on it)You can customize most aspects of your empire and the AI is surprisingly decent!Example: My first foray into the game was one of hubris (i normally beat most games on the first try) So imagine my shock when declearing war on a silly neighbour who thought building a mining station on MY resources was a good idea!Well the first 3 battles went swimmingly and i was moving out with my transports to start hitting their worlds when i discovered they had moved a fleet towards my lightly defended worlds on the far flanks.. I instantly lost two planets and the tech of the opposing fleets was suddenly upgraded thus thumping my grand offensive into the ground!I now sit on Terra awaiting the hordes of enemies descending on me like a pack of wolves!Drengins are also threatening to eat my people and they border my fully undefended worlds in the rear (had to send the defenders towards the front)Ive made some breakthroughs in military tech lately, but i cant crank out ships fast enough!I am doomed, doooooomed!And being doomed is reason enough to recommend the game ^^"
,Recommended,226860,16108040,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Sheogorath,"its kinda like civ: BE minus the price tag and blatant copy paste from civ 5 (but in space this time), from your humble start you have total control, wanna play nice use flower power to subdue your foes, or will you become space hitler and create your perfect galactic master race, its totally up to you.many unique features-ship designer-hours of fun to create whatever you desire and theres generally no limits to what you can create (no EA fun limits here)-no censor- most aaa games will now censor everything you do but you can name almost everything whatever you want.-mod haven--ships can have what looks like a giant weiner on them that 'shoots'--isnt designed by aaa companies--as of current excellent developer feedback-cons.combat is a bit weak and slightly boringcan be confusing sometimesnot designed for lower spec PC (this game uses more resources than BF4 on OCD lvl) N.B my pc runs this with 3,9 gig (yes its old)slightly unbalanced on some aspects (especially morale in large empires)micromanagement nightmare^^^turns become very long very quicklymicromanagement nightmare^I do NOT recommend this game for those with OCD or those who believe in perfection"
76561198030940941,Recommended,226860,16126178,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lord Hade,"I'm a huge Civ fan, but have also enjoyed Stardock's galactic take on the whole genre.  I've always liked Galactic Civ, but for some reason, they just really nail it with III.  I've found if very enjoyable with a lot of replayability and feel like I'm engaged enough to finish an immense game.I like the fact, also, that the Civs themselves are a little more believable.  In the past in most Civ games, if you get too big, your enemies are afraid to attack you and you ultimately steamroll them.  In GalCiv III, you get too big and they realize they have no choice but to attack you, just to survive.  I find that refreshing and getting tagged by several weaker enemies at the same time has introduced some interesting strategy changes to my game.I do wish, however, that they would add a little more meat the the battle engines.  I'm good with the cut scene battles, which are kind of fun to watch, especially if you have a large fleet.  But I'd like to see something in the line of experience or veteran rewards for a vessel that has seen a lot of action. That seems to really be the only thing I find missing in the game.Overall, solid game. Very enjoyable."
76561198012147254,Recommended,226860,16228526,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Basil_oz,"I was a bit hesitant in purchasing this game based on the mixed reviews of others. They tended to say that the potential was there but it hadn't realised it yet.I have to say that I've been greatly impressed by it. I hadn't played any of the previous renditions of this game so perhaps I didn't have any preconceived expectations in that regard. However the 25+ hours I have spent playing have been really enjoyable!If you like Civilization then you will be right at home with Galactic Civilizations III. If you are also a Star Trek or Star Wars fan then when you first boot up the game you will stare in awe at the monitor and say to yourself ""this is what I've been waiting for"".The graphics are crisp and beautiful. Zooming in on a planet or star and hearing its sounds, or watching the debris falling helplessly into a black hole... it's a delight to the senses.Being able to design your own spaceships just adds to the Sci Fi geek in you! Making a viable ship that resembles the Enterprise, Voyager, a Tie Fighter or X-Wing is just plain fun and gets the model making juices going in you... without the risk of super glueing your fingers together!If you enjoy strategic turn based games with a little astronomical eye candy attached... then this is the game for you! It's like a fictionalised Distant Sun app with a fun game element attached."
76561198017171638,Recommended,226860,17014456,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Larry Baugher,This is one of the most comprehensive Grand Scale Space Exploration and Conquests games made to date! It takes advantage of the hardware and memory of high end machines if you have it. I was a previous owner of the GalCiv 1 and 2 series. This is just awesome in scalaibility. Civilization 5 players will love this as this takes Galatic exploration and Conquest to the next level. Superb graphics and effects.Kudos! I am Proud to be in the Founder Group of this game. Very well done Stardock!
,Recommended,226860,17020863,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Alandrea,"Ship Designer is outrageous though they could use some more jewelry and the one where you can put you emblem on the craft. Gameplay is overall fun and keeps you going. Many pluses over galciv 2 that make it more immersive. A Map editor in the future would be very cool if possible. A few tweaks to the race editor would be nice like making more of the pics of leaders match with the FG and BG. Overall I rate this as very enjoyable, worthy of Galciv line name and I believe both the experienced and newcomer will not be disappointed at all.  9 out of 10 for me."
76561198024589732,Recommended,226860,17022511,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,^Kevin^,"After playing for many hours, I can honestly recommend this game.  Its an improvement over galactic civ 2, which was also a good game.Note that if you like to control the ships in battles, this version only does quick battles that you don't control, unlike galactic civ 2.  For the most part I did not control the fights in Gal Civ 2, so don't miss it in this upgraded version.If you like 4x turn based strategy games, this is a must have for any true gamer."
,Recommended,226860,17038541,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Atychiphobic for sweet 'dreams',"GREAT GAME. I haven't played it for awhile but that's not the games fault, just life got in the way. Anyway here's my review. When I played this game before it had a few typos here and there, rare to see, but probably gone now. Great strategy game, you get to customize your race using your imagination. And it balances your custom race so it can't be OP either. The only thing I could ask for is to bring back Terror Stars, or get something that is as destructive as it. I think they replaced the Terror Star idea with carriers, but to me, carriers is just another war ship. In the old game Terror Stars were my goal as I wanted to destroy my enemies without having to worry about approval problems. And I just remembered, I hate how there are Large Empire penalties to your approval, I feel there has to be a penalty for being so big, but the way they did it I could hardly get myself out of the hole of a saddened empire. Now remember I said I haven't played the game in awhile, maybe it changed."
76561197979262495,Recommended,226860,17270252,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Moracen,"While there are a few bugs to kick out of the game still, it is by far the most fun I've had with a 4x game in a long time. Beautiful, thoroughly in-depth, and so much fun!"
76561198026912876,Recommended,226860,17691240,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Ripfin,Galactic Civilizations is a game that gets better wil each installment with some fustrations on Galactic Civilizations 2but countless hours spent playing it 3 really steps it up and really breathes life into the game
76561198007906733,Recommended,226860,17819543,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Clariti,great game
76561198029289318,Recommended,226860,17989749,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,onions,OR-SUM :)
76561197977966624,Recommended,226860,18020059,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Lt Shiv,"Great 4x title, re-play is nigh-unlimited. JUST ONE MORE TURN..."
76561198003524014,Recommended,226860,18023069,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,MavAriK,"Good game to play many build and tech options to use. I am still getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by the ai on normal setting as I am still learning best techs etc to go for first. Developers seem to be good at fixing problems at some point and bringing out new content. I am looking forward to more content coming out and miss a couple small things like mining asteroids and ships gaining experience but other than that I am happy with the game so far. I just gave up on my last game, was getting a beat down from Snathi and Drengins, and now I want to try again, get revenge,and finally take over the galaxy :) Spend the money it is worth it."
76561197995056735,Not Recommended,226860,18385121,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,niraco79,"Bought.Game crash at start upDo what huge troubleshoot page saysGame crash at startupMake ticketwait 3 daysReceive an answer taht is in troubleshoot pageGame crash at start upTell support is not workingWait 3 daysSupport says they forward to developers, have no idea when ill receive an answer to my problem and put ticket in status RESOLVEDAsked for refund due to incompetent support and bad code writing (yeah i have 30-40 games that work with no problem on my pc)It seems Stardock did not wanted my money"
,Recommended,226860,17170062,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Mathkitasiibala,"This game realy kills time. Structure is OK, but not interesting."
76561198025932182,Recommended,226860,24050107,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LetoTheBoy,"The best turn-based, space, empire builder that I've played. Lots of depth and enjoyable game play. The ship builder is the real highlight of this game, though. You can easily lose hours designing a single ship let alone a fleet. Fans of Civilization 5 who are looking for an interstellar alternative will enjoy this game."
76561198038376036,Recommended,226860,29155804,Posted: 9 January,all,ab0807,This game is awesome.  I like the enormous galaxies with different configurations and densities.  Nearly endless relplayability.  Great faction customization options.
76561198003121959,Not Recommended,226860,16291887,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Goadfang,"I was really looking forward to this game, having always been a big fan of it's previous incarnations, but I have to admit I am  disappointed in it. For a game with fairly simple graphics it has some pretty awful performance issues. I cannot play on any map larger than medium without experiencing painfully long delays or even complete crashes. It hangs and freezes while zooming and panning the camera. Viewing the battles is impossible without causing CTD, so all must be done on ""quick battle"" instead.I had hoped for a new 4X to replace my over played Civ 5 but unfortunately didn't get it. So I guess I'll go back to conquering the Earth over and over again and hope that future patches for this title fix the numerous gameplay and performance problems."
76561198037312773,Not Recommended,226860,26528311,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,g.goodhew,"Badly unbalanced. Individual events shift the game and make it unwinable. This means you spend hours on a game, only for a random event to shift the game. This is because certain events (e.g. UP Chair causing influence gain) are massively over-powered. Overall, unenjoyable in the long-run."
76561197981255486,Not Recommended,226860,18252865,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Coro,"Be prepared for a very VERY LOOOOOOOOONG game! So much micro management its not even funny. It was fun for a bit, but the game really drags on, and the micro management is tedius... no thanks!"
,Recommended,226860,15881348,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ls612,If you like GalCiv II you will like this.
76561198007244020,Recommended,226860,15884432,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,edlee83,"I seriously do not feel much difference between this and Galciv II.Thanks for the nostalgia, though."
76561198230823240,Recommended,226860,26020375,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,jobas,gg wp
76561198006447644,Recommended,226860,19986314,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,devin.bass,"This is a very good game, I highly recommed it, however here are a few things to consider first.  1) You need to purchase all the DLC's and make sure you are starting with the 1.5 patch.  2) Then make a visit to YouTube and watch some video's on specific game play.  These have been very helpful for me, it has explained a lot of the game to me, the manual is wofefully inadequate for the depth of this game.  3) Prepare to do at least 3 restarts of the game maybe about 30-40 turns each this is again for you to get the feel of it and try things out that weren't explained well in the manual 4) And finally just give it a chance to ""sink in"" because once it does ""sink in"" you will enjoy it a great deal.The graphics are sweet and the maps are very interesting (especially with the Precursor DLC)   So in conclusion get the game just be prepared to put some time into it before the game ""reveals"" itself to you."
76561198079687972,Recommended,226860,20242899,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,DatBoii,love being a space maaaaannnnn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198029816327,Recommended,226860,20417769,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,companionship68,Best 4x stratergy ever made
76561198228433580,Recommended,226860,20277531,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,jamjarjar,"I haven't really gotten deep into the game, but overall I have enjoyed it. It is kind of like a mix between Master of Orion III and Civilization."
76561197971016337,Recommended,226860,20279249,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Evicerator,"Great game!  Great game speed, lots of strategy, lots of thoughtfulness."
76561198031691896,Not Recommended,226860,20734601,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Baccheus,"Galactic Civilizations III has great promise. The first thing you notice is how vast the space is. The insane map is truly insanely huge! Unfortunately, the makers didn't really find a way to make navigating this space manageable. There are no landmarks or map divisions that make this process any easier and the game has a tendency to freeze up when you're scrolling along. I was very suprised to experience this since I purchased my laptop specifically as a gaming laptop and haven't had an issue on games with (seemingly) much higher graphics requirements.Typical gameplay involves a lot of turns where you don't make any new moves since exploration is automated, city production can be queue'd for two or three dozen turns while subsequent upgrades can happen automatically.Finally, you're also playing a game where it can literally take 10-15 turns for a ship or fleet to move from the center of your empire to the outer edge and even longer before you start unlocking ship move upgrades.In my latest game, I had 30 ships out exploring the universe and didn't encounter anyone until around my 200th turn. About 10-20 turns afterward, another civ decided to declare war on me but he was so far away that I was able to win by building an Ascension gate around turn 350 without even having seen one enemy fleet. About half-way through the 150 turn war, I stopped trying to keep up with the enemy in ship production because it was obvious that I could win a tech victory before having to worry about an invasion.I think this game has potential, but they need to find a way to address these issues to make the game more playable."
76561198008756027,Recommended,226860,19933242,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,CptPugwash,"Liking it, few little game play problems but seems to be coming along well."
76561198031986652,Recommended,226860,19958265,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tonkatheturtle,It is really fun
76561197991987417,Recommended,226860,19959044,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,dela44,If you liked Gal Civ 2 you will love this.
76561197980700445,Recommended,226860,19979250,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,pirateKing,"Excellent 4x fun. Well made, great gameplay flow. Exceptional customisation."
76561197965746117,Recommended,226860,19981805,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Auroch,One of the best strategy games I have ever played!
76561198005772682,Not Recommended,226860,26446917,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,mragan2011,"The game seems fun and well made, from what I can play, however all my games start to crash after a while and then I can't continue them.  Game is buggy and unstable.  Runs pretty slow, too."
,Recommended,226860,26189119,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Voodu,What an in-depth and very broad game! mods as usual make this game way better.
76561198006735081,Not Recommended,226860,26280452,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,wjwthe3rd,Feels very vanilla.  Nothing to drive me forward in the game.  So much is determined in the planet grab of the first couple dozen turns.
,Recommended,226860,26163934,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,dakk0n,I've played other 4x turn-based space games and I like GalCiv 3 better than them. It's worth my damn money and time.
76561197980217289,Recommended,226860,26214627,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Suckaz Go Boom,"Spending way to much time on this! Ship builder can be clunky at first but once you get used to it its awesome! Custom faction creator is great too. Spend a little time on the web learning how to put in your own pictures and you can pretty much create whatever faction you think of. Steam workshop has sooooo many awesome ships too, just make sure you are in the ingame ship designer and hit steamworkshop from inside the game and THEN subscribe. That fixes the little problem of ships not showing up when subscribed too."
76561198189550397,Not Recommended,226860,26273993,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Erwin_Von_Braun,"I tried.I REALLY didBut this game is so BORINGI swear I fell asleep during the tutorial.Great if you like micro managing, but if you just want to blow sh*t up, don't waste your money."
76561198050612271,Recommended,226860,22447019,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ninjaelephant,awesome turn based strategy
,Not Recommended,226860,23726613,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Max Wongdragon,"Bought this game in early access, thought it was good but very unfinished. Have come back after along time to find it is supposed to be officially released but the game isn't finished, is deeply flawed and they are trying to sell you DLC without even finishing the game. Will never buy another Stardock game after this as they do not treat there customers with respect and try to rip us off. Its a shame really as I had been a fan of the Galactic Civilization series up till now."
,Not Recommended,226860,20670787,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Magma_Rabbit,I would not advice this game to anyone ... They have patched it to death.. balance is gone some many things is never gotten the last bit of love. a shame .. concept is cool and the idea is epic. But it need so much worksorry folks. The game Need a major overhaul and fresh eyes.If you make a GalCiv 4.. i will check it out.
76561198042758764,Recommended,226860,31695425,Posted: 11 May,all,richardsd83,The whole audio cutting out despite the updates still bugs...
76561198053956635,Recommended,226860,17017578,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,rokstrazar1,It's a nice enough new version but I miss more new races.
76561198039485439,Recommended,226860,17008874,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,anzacloner,Yes I recommend this game for the simple reason you are able to set up custom races and difficulties with ease to suit whatever you prefer.
76561198188954035,Recommended,226860,17694316,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,talon1122,"the game runs like the previous one. the differences between the last game and this is not that much through its story line. updated graphics is great-a little smoother flow between screens-battle sceens are better nut still the same concept-tech tree is expanded but need more DIFFERENT things-the star bases are great,totally new. a few issues-at least once ever time I play it, it locks-battles, when I destroy say 3 ships, when the battle is over it only shows 2 ship distroyed. I like the ship designs, much better.I like the attributes table when colonizing a planet and the good or evil concept. summary--it is a smoother, better game but still needs and has a lot of room to go to really be a great game that it can be."
76561198012822015,Recommended,226860,13534371,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,GM,"At this point the game is an updated version of GC2, which seems to be heading in the right direction in terms of look and gameplay and so deserves a thumbs up. The game needs to be cleaned up on minor issues such as getting the the text to fit properly in text boxes. Presumably the developer will correct this as part of the process of completing the game.I am hopeful more conceptual changes to the game will be added to make it a worth while refresh to the series. There is still much that is not available on the game and assume that we'll see new and exciting changes along the way."
76561198120642407,Recommended,226860,24067207,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,gionamirx7,"Just Finished it, and can say that it was amazing in almost every aspect, except I wish I had more control over what my interface looked like in some ways. That being said... It was still an amazing game and I cant tell the creaters how much I have enjoyed playing the game."
76561198021126490,Recommended,226860,24055955,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,i_parramore,"Most 4X games I usually go the military domination route to winning the game, this game on the other hand has many more viable win conditions that I am enjoying much more than punching the AI in the face and taking it's toys."
,Recommended,226860,24095456,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Syphilis,">be me>Get Gal Civ 3>Heard its Civ 5 but in space>Try out first game with custom civs from steam workshop>Decided I would play the UNSC>Added Halo and Mass Effect races>Start>All goes well first>Use colony ships with Spirit of Fire design>Have sensors on my colony ships>would scavenge anomalies that were undefended while colonizing>Try one artifact with a Spirit of Fire class colony ship>It teleports my ship half way across the galaxy>End up settling down that colony ship far from UNSC spaceHow Ironic>A few weeks pass and I encounter the Elcor>WTF>Elcor is already in Teir 2 of the tech tree>Elcor score is 10x everyone else'sMed game Elcor would be 10000 points ahead everyone else>Soon encounter Turians>Work out great alliance>Suddenly make contact with the Covenant>They declare war right off the bat>wasn't expecting war in early mid game>AI performs amazing attack>Invades my colonies Harvest and Hold>How it targeted Harvest first, I will never know>Immediately perform counter attack>Take back worlds>Yeah>Invade Covenant space>I'm winning>Worlds fall>By late mid game I have them by the balls>Suddenly attacked by opposite of empire>Its covenant>But with new ship designs>Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥its Elcor ship designs>They destroy whatever defense I have>Rush my fleets back>Its too late>They take Earth>I prep my forces too take it back>Fleets are in position right around Sol after major battle>lost about 90%>covenant contacts me>Tells me its giving all its resources too Elcor>Earth is now Elcor territory>Elcor didn't like me in first place>Now at war with Elcor when I take Earth back>Fast forward a few dozen turns>My worlds are in flames>My fleets have crumbled>Only world left is small colony from the Spirit of Fire Colony ship that got teleported to deep space>It gets captured by a minor race>10/10 would re portray Covenant-human/ME First contact war againBut in truth, this game is addicitng and fun if you try to make a story out of it."
76561198054993441,Recommended,226860,13617928,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,fayceless,"There's a lot of stuff that still needs to be added to this game.  There's a lot that needs to be balanced.  And fixed.  It's ealy access, what do you expect?That said, even in an unfinished state, this is fun, engaging, addictive.  Frustrating, at times.  But if you like GC2, you'll have a lot of fun with this, even in beta.  The ship designer is much more powerful and still simple to use!  Colonizing new planets has never been so much fun! I look forward to this becoming better and better as it becomes more complete."
76561198033212961,Recommended,226860,15691300,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,CMDR Shepard,"I've been playing this game since Beta 4 and can say this has become my new favorite game, and it keeps getting better with each update. If you liked Galactic Civilization II, then you will love this one too.  To me it feels like a total upgrade on the experience brought by this series.  I love the depth and even enjoy watching the combat unfold even though I have no direct control over it.  The ship designer is the best I've seen in any game I've played as well."
,Recommended,226860,11194553,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,McNipsy,Total War in space
,Recommended,226860,23839632,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Paquimex,"Amazing graphics, improved gamplay and more variable civs, love it"
76561198080389410,Recommended,226860,19289764,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Shaithias,"The game itself is great, I will give 8/10The reasons I do not give it 10/10 are for two thingsno stealth/covert operationsThe wheel system instead of managing each planet extra output seperately."
76561197992420193,Recommended,226860,18346303,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Holylin,"First let me say something to my person:I am a gaming veteran that started playing 4X games with Master of Orion 2 which is still my all time favourite and I dabbled into many 4X games since then.Gal Civ III although is my first entrance to the series and I really like this game.It feels like a mix of Master of Orion 2 and Birth of the Federation (another old game that I loved).I love the hex strategy map, the research system and fleet supply systems. Colonies are easy to manage and the game as far as I have played it is very appealing to me.Some issues I have with the game:There are some crashes or infinite message loops that occasionally crop up and the tooltipps are not very accurate in some cases. Also the colony building screen lacks some information or explanation and takes a time to grasp the important fundamentals and mechanics."
76561198021189769,Recommended,226860,29371168,Posted: 20 January,all,AcidBeast [The Assistant],"Excellent game - spent too many hours on it already! Running on a very average laptop fine, just like GC2 many years ago (not the same laptop :)"
76561198092598187,Recommended,226860,23352665,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Ambrose Furback,"Identical to Gal Civ II, at least mostly."
76561197995343647,Not Recommended,226860,20015287,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hopefully Humble Tim,"In one word, ""meh."" All the basic ingredients of a great 4x are in here, but they're soured and hamstrung by a host of poor design decisions. The game starts out feeling expansive and interesting, but then very quickly becomes repetitive.Take exploration, my favorite of the 4X's (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate).You begin the game with a 'survey ship', the GC3 equivalent of the starship Enterprise. It has some decent weapons, but leans more towards sensors and speed. With this ship. you can explore your neighborhood and (more importantly) pop the various sorts of floating relics (starship junkyards, random floating capsules, etc.). Sounds good, right?Unfortunately, these relics are one-shot deals which rarely give any sort of meaningful reward. Further, with just one survey ship each, the whole galaxy's allotment of relics is quickly used up. At the same time, in the early game, it is hugely important to find an colonize habitable worlds as fast as possible, which means that one survey ship isn't enough. Rather, you'll want to pop out 3-5 tiny scout ships (one quarter the size of your 'Enterprise') to help you find those worlds. In combination, this means that your survey ship - which began life as a source of pride and a flagship for your civilization - quickly begins to feel dull, like a one-hit wonder.Lastly, all strategic resources are visible from the very start. So really, there's not much mystery to the galaxy. Your first impression tells you all you need to know. From that first impression, you can either decide to exploit that system, or to ignore it, and if you ignore it (because it lacked resources or habitable worlds), there's no reason to ever go back.While each X connects to the game mechanics in different ways, they all suffer from the same basic design flaw - a lack of mystery and a lack of interesting choices such that the whole thing gets repetitious rather quickly. I've played two half-games of about 8 hours each, but haven't had the heart to finish either. Maybe I'll come back in another year. Stardock say that they've got a development timetable going out to 2019, and good things may happen, but given the lack of imagination that they've shown so far, I won't hold my breath."
76561198030712801,Recommended,226860,16969124,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,CommanderAleax,Great multifaceted strategy game for multiplayer and solo. Can be a short game to a very long game depending on parameters selecting. Highly recommend.
76561198007297815,Recommended,226860,16974520,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,kugrinis,"Great gameplay, diversity, options for many levels of management, customization and many hours of fun!"
76561197964207498,Recommended,226860,16962764,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,NoP,A superb game that improves the - already excellent - galciv 2! I highly recommend it.Now if you'll excuse me I have trouble brewing near my frontier world. Time to send in the battlecruisers!
76561198010778696,Recommended,226860,16973708,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,wolfmorte79,This game is full of adventure and strategic growth of your own species. This game you can play for hours! I cant wait for more features and the ability to play multi!
76561198033345697,Recommended,226860,17108361,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,IamSoGangsta,"Excellent depth with multiple areas to focus on, science, production, expansion, military. Diplomacy is a weakness in that there are limited options and computer will declare war with no reason or notice. I've found the game fun for many games and am looking forward to mods to expand the diversity of scenarios. limited campaign so far, assuming expansions are planned. I do find that as long as you acquire more planets than your main opponents you can always outbuild the computer for a focus on military - even on hardest difficulties. Carriers still seem overpowered due to fighters rebuilding rapidly. it would be good if there was a little more diversity in strategies."
76561198083353182,Recommended,226860,17138020,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,FUNKFACTOR,"Hours and hours of replayable space-faring fun.  Played GC II 2 years ago and got hooked.  The graphics are refreshed, diplomacy and trading rules are different, and still ridiculous amounts of fun."
,Recommended,226860,15353039,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Verbal,"I have sunk 20 hours into this beta. I dont think I have ever done that for any game in beta, chosing to wait until it is a finished product. But this was simply the 4X game I was looking for at the time, and there are some reasons why it stands apart from other 4X's at the moment, and why you might want to think about getting it.Unit customisation - In GC3 you make military decisions from your technology choices through to the artistic choices you make for your units. Do you want Lasers, Rail guns, Missles??? Armor Plating? Shields? Are you going to have Terran looking cruisers? or the most alien creations you can imagine? I had a truely fun time every opportunity I had to design a new ship.Star bases - Probably one of my favourite aspects of GC3 were the use of star bases. Having extra things to throw resources at when a planet has filled its current building possibilities was great, and I think is missing from other 4X games.There are though many finishing touches to be made to GC3. But with the community around it the mod's that will come should make this game the 4X in space game every one has been waiting for.Jump in and have a play. You would be hard pressed to be disapointed."
76561198094017966,Recommended,226860,16965151,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,RoastArtist76,"Great game play, great replayablility."
76561197996621416,Recommended,226860,16968381,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,sgrim,"Awesome game particularly if you like personalizing and/or modding a game. Graphics are a bit weak but it is a turn based strategy game, not a first person role playing game."
76561198056762024,Recommended,226860,17054413,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,KiDS_GraMA,I just got my civilization's shopping centers to go to another universe. I also dominated the whole galaxy in the process. Oh and I also won the game. LETS DO IT AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198037113726,Recommended,226860,17143240,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,treachery_inc,"Fun to play if you like turn based empire sims. GC3 still seems a bit unfinished though. I found the game crashed if certain events took place. For instance at one point the game crashed everytime my vessels surveyed too many anomalies. Once i figured that out, I decommisioned all my surveyers and the game worked fine. I love the ship design aspect of the game, but I felt let down by the planetary invasion aspect, It had a checkers feel to it at times. Lastly the free cam and cinematic views while in combat did not work very well if at all. Still I did enjoy myself."
76561197992767797,Recommended,226860,17166458,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Moghra,Worthy sequel to the fantastic GalCiv 2.  Stardock has made significant improvements since release and I wholeheartedly recommend this game.
76561198116377171,Recommended,226860,17178257,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ImmortalCheese,"Giant maps, space battles, genocide against your allies when they let the Thalan go right to your planets through their territory, what's not to love? Miss the terrorstars tho."
76561198030894392,Recommended,226860,17204019,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,patholdenchicago,I am hooked.
76561198033183664,Recommended,226860,17222183,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,hampjas,"This is one of the funniest games I have played and love the graphics, a few minor bugs because I m running the game on a non-gamer laptop, but super game!"
76561198007163290,Recommended,226860,17222487,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,CrazyDwarf,All setting Huge for first game... didn't take too long before the shear size and scope of the universe startd getting away on me....Huge is just that... Huge!
76561198062388924,Recommended,226860,17430860,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Kodz,"Good graphics, gameplay and sound, but sometimes buggy.I recommend playing this game"
76561198032781536,Recommended,226860,15355428,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,DarkWhisper,"Very good and in depth game. The only concern I have is for the lower-middle tier computers running the bigger maps. I have a quad core i7, 32gb of memory, and a 2gb ddr5 graphics card and it still bogs down about 200 turns in on the biggest maps. It's playable and they are continuing to improve performance... just know going in that you may want to stick to a little bit smaller maps than the biggest to if you suffer from a lot of down time in between turns. Love the game and the concept and will continue to love this game, series, and devs. Keep up the good work."
76561198050082031,Recommended,226860,16964595,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Shagspastic,I love this game !!!!
76561198007307424,Recommended,226860,16969022,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Legion,"The game is great, BUT if you play to big of a galaxy once the borders are defined, tech researched, fleets set and starbases upgraded one of two things happen... The AI players start surrendering or the game starts crashing. the other thing is mods two thumbs down for the lack of searching for them and finding one and not being able to get them to work."
76561198064867752,Recommended,226860,17051424,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Thomasbc,AWsome!
76561198006594697,Recommended,226860,17090754,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,tux,"I am an old GC fan.Mixed bag, mainly good from this game. I'm not going to lie about this. So pros+ Improved science - no longer can you have it all.+ Improved building options on a planet.+ Better battles, scale matters so far. A huge ship is actually huge.And the cons- Still one hell of a hard killing ground on how many can live on a planet without slamming down pleasure domes all over the place.- Hard to determine what to research next, no real map of what gives what or in what order.- No tactical battles, have the right mix ready or it'll be a sad day.As a new player, you'll be a generalist by virtue of having to slowly research all trees at the same time, your colonies will be of the same caliber, all the same to avoid nasty surprises and your ships will be much the same, all kinds of defences and one of each guntype.It's not a horrificly steep learning curve but it is long. You should like 4X games to enjoy this. The best way to avoid weird losses is to turn off victory conditions and play on beginner level a few times to get into the groove of things.On a side note, a few things.There are more things in space now that makes it interesting, including pirates and resources of various kinds. In a way it makes space feels less empty and even in the early days of your game you have to focus on some ships which can fight back or there'll be some consequences. Nothing to hard but it pays to build a little more than just colonisers and constructors.Also, the fact that constructors can build shipyards helps with some opponents you wish to remove. Which now actually makes a little more sense to me as well as they are easier to manage. The designer however has taken a hit as it no longer has that neat pre-defined hull but an invisible box which leaves gaps in your design if you don't watch it. That is the cost for having complete freedom to make it up as you wish. It does however leave you with a problem, is your ship going to be animated to go sideways or worse, backwards?Then there is the ideology twist, it's a neat way of adding some flavour to the game and your race. It's a nice touch but the game doesn't feel as empty as before but on the other hand. It also has some effects that are interesting, short and long term.In short, some improvements from the last -  some annoyances left. Overall - solid game and gameplay."
76561198067982414,Recommended,226860,17092882,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,TANK,Great keep up the good work
,Recommended,226860,17117316,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Mitcharoni,"I love the complexity of the game and the scale it takes place on. Always been a fan of these games. If you like Civ and think its not enough, this game definitely quenches that thirst. My only complaint is I want more complexity! Haha."
76561198033886149,Recommended,226860,17118494,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,foxmenion,Great civ builder! It's great to be able to create your own ships and race. My only complaints are that you still can't just upgrade your flag ship with newly researched tech and there should be more united planets agendas to vote on. GCII was better for that.
76561198006571507,Recommended,226860,17196413,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,butlerrichard47,these is my frist time to play Galactic Civillzation and i have to say that i love these game  and fun to play and i would reckon it to any one that loves these kind of games and also to people that are like me a frist player of these games .
76561198130397036,Recommended,226860,17199263,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Renegade994,"Overall really enjoyed the game so far, the ability to create custom races and design ships from the ground up is ideal for someone who loves to take a personal edge in the game, the combat is well balanced and difficulty scales very nicely for new players, one issue for me is the seeming lack of overall variety in cookie cutter ideolgies, AI behave the same in their interactions if their both Malevolent/Pragmatic/Benevolent, the real differences comes from their starting worlds and race traits, still definetely reccomend it at a 9/10 though, solid all the way through with GREAT replayability in the custom race aspect."
76561198015173950,Recommended,226860,16966141,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Eclipse,Sweet Awesomeness Brewed Fresh !!!!   This game is just that great.
76561198033842204,Recommended,226860,16961884,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,uk_ketty,Following on from the same blueprint of the earlier versions of the game. Galactic Civilizations III still keeps the fun element with a well-thought out approach to research and manufacturing. A problem with strategy games of this type is the host of mundane tasks that can get a little time consuming and dull in the late game. Here we have a streamlined approach so that it is easy to do a lot of stuff automatically or at least easily.  The interface is an improvement on Gal Civ 2 and is a lot more intuitive. I haven't played it enough times yet to get to grips with the more subtle aspects of resource management. But it is at least to me the best massive Space strategy game.  A good game on the whole.
76561197998053610,Recommended,226860,16962180,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,mandis13,"Excellent addition to the franchise. A bit on the easy side AI-wise, but with very roubust toolsets for fixing that (or any other) issue!"
,Recommended,226860,16963727,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,FroBanger,"Fun game, definatly worth getting its a bit sad that their are not ground vehicles you can create / research for planetary defence but otherwise its everything you remeber from MAsters of Orion with ALOT better graphics"
76561198089306036,Recommended,226860,16966679,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,stricklandmatthew59,"Love this game. A sandbox map where you can create your own universe. I am looking foward to dlc content, and more civilizations the creators can make. Also love the fact that the player can create the own civs."
76561198123619389,Recommended,226860,16968104,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,implodinggoat,"One of the best strategy games on the market.   Granted, its mainly just a refined version of Gal Civ 2 and some of the new elements like the ideology system could use some refinement; but the core game is great.  The shipbuilder is particularly wonderful and lets you create practically anything you can imagine.If you like 4X strategy and you're in the market for a new time suck then grab it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,226860,16968959,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Killersharpshot,"good fun , but lots of crashes #alpha"
76561197970030377,Recommended,226860,17315433,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Nerhesi,Doesnt let you down. Rich. Detailed.
76561198023558499,Recommended,226860,17316972,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,ilcapo55,Great game.  Definitely follows in the footsteps of GC2.  Looking forward to expansions for more content.  Visuals and sound are great.  No complaints!
76561198057733733,Recommended,226860,17204185,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,cdslaughter,Great fun. Wonderful way to kill a day.
,Recommended,226860,16960728,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Twizted,Its the best space strategy game out there. Have played it for 30+ hours in single sittings on multiple occasion. If you like building empires with multipul ways to dominate and become superior this is the game for you. The only problem i have with it is tearing myself away from it when i should be sleeping. Has a very very great replay value and detailed editors for races and ships not to mention the specialized tech trees and paths available for you to decide how you will rule your cornor of the galaxy or possibly the whole galaxy should you be ambitious enough. For me this game is a 5/5 all day long!!!
76561198060607237,Recommended,226860,16961565,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Otto,Oh the ships you can create. Gameplay isn't half bad either. Would like to see some turn processing enhancements.
76561198043046260,Recommended,226860,16961716,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Eliot_Thib,"I like the game very much. MOST of what is implemented is done well or built (programmed) in a way where it can become amazing. The game is also very user friendly with a great level of play with good involvement. The game currently punishes you for not expanding until absolutely every planet on the entire map is gone, which makes the bigger maps a bit more tedious.It is an unfinished game as is standard for all game releases now-a-days. There isn't a manual research queue which is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for a 4X game. No mod support for multiplayer, so players who fix their game can't be appreciated properly. The AI is. at the moment, completely braindead and completely breaks down on any map bigger than large which is ashame because and insane map could be fun.Overall the game is really good, just a long time 4x player and it needs about 6-12 more moneths of pollish."
76561198030109282,Recommended,226860,16968461,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,myk,Even better then GC2 or DW1.
76561198013192894,Recommended,226860,16969070,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,paulgbond,"It has been a long time since I played a really good Masters of Orion type game, this is it, re-addicted, everything is just about perfect.  People will complain about influence balancing, but you can win when your whole population hates you and your neighbors are Altarian."
,Recommended,226860,16969450,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,duncanoneil,A bit of an impovement over older versions.Have a lot a issues with the game freezing.The tech tree is hard to use.
76561198008558251,Recommended,226860,17055235,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Tempest,"A fun little 4x space game with more customization that I have seen in a VERY long time.As of 1.1 its not as polished as a game like civ 5, but its a blast none the less."
76561198079915508,Recommended,226860,17098916,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ciarmyguy,This is by far the best strategic space game i've ever played.
,Recommended,226860,17118068,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Alex,"Good space strategy.Simple, but interesting economic and scientific models.Nice events and diplomacy.However, space battles are awful - it's just video, no control, no realistic behaviour, only stupid close fight.Annoying bugs with production queue.And idiotic logic with building. If your planet have 30 production points and you need only 1 point for finishing of building, all 30 points will be spent for this 1 building. It's first strategy, where builders are so lazy :D7/10 - It can be better, but I don't believe they will fix this problems."
76561198095348444,Recommended,226860,17133742,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,papabear1950,"I seams like nice game, but it takes for ever to win the game lol or am I really slow. the mods i just donloaded seem the spice up the game."
76561198022036898,Recommended,226860,17179220,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,mystyreniggma,"Very deep gameplay. But, I would only recommend to more serious gamers."
76561198015842843,Recommended,226860,17180075,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,terodgers,Great Game. Losing coubntless hours playing and loving every second.
76561198050969409,Recommended,226860,17310253,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Grusom23,"I bought this game during beta testing.  I did not review till now because during beta testing it was ROUGH (but oddly it was still a very working beta), but I decided to wait as the product was still in progress.  After the game was finished, I can say that it is a very well crafted game, has the familiarity of 2 but not a clone of 2.  I specifically enjoy how the tech tree is situated.  I do wish to see politics to be added to the game, and I kind of wish for more interesting United Planets decisions.  I like how they are split into differnt levels, however; i wish they were harsher decisions to make, such as imposing sanctions on a race or some negative aspects giving a more of a drive to become a dominant power in United Planets politics.  That being said, this game is amazing and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel like they have the desire to conquer the universe."
76561198017840065,Recommended,226860,17341660,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,parkerg12,awesome game just wish you had more control over battles
,Recommended,226860,17342756,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Kira,"Love this game as an RTS game. It is a bit of a challenge, but that's not what I like about it. I like the absolutely huge map, the ability to set up the map to have a lot of resources or near none, and the ability set how players and/or the A.I. can win the game to only diplomacy or ascension, instead of all out combat.The game though lacks some things that would help it be a lot better. Namely, the sandbox feature to build your own ships and species, could be a bit more robust. I mean, it could give you a template with sliders and mod that way for species for instance. Or for ships, allow you to build every piece to it so it wouldn't be like take from this and take from that to make a totally new ship which is actually a collage of various pieces of other ships, put together.Overall though, its a great game and one I'd recommend people to play."
76561197999368647,Recommended,226860,17420691,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,professor7,Game is fun to play. The customer Civ setup is awsome. The Campaign wasn't great I'd stick to the random maps and multiplayer. Great Game
76561198092278562,Recommended,226860,16960620,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,devilsace,i like this game but it can take a while. i cant wait to see what exspansions they come out with. more pictures for races would be a good thing. even a map that has stars equally at distance like a go board would be interesting.
76561198007438564,Recommended,226860,17178094,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Sean Bean,"This game is a lot of fun and has plenty of potential if it is updated further.  The basic gameplay mechanics are fun and is very entertaining if you play militarily.Many of the problems in this game lie in diplomacy.  I found the game nearly impossible to understand playing it from a diplomatic angle.  For example there are diplomacy points that you supposedly gain from researching certain techs and building embassies.  I still have yet to see any effect of these diplomacy points in my interaction with other races, and there is no concrete change to my standing with them.  When I trade with other factions, I often can't propose any treaties without any explanation why.  There are also many minor annoying bugs like the income slider changing rates slightly without using it, and certain technologies not doing what they are supposed to (research treaty is one example I can think of).A very major (and ridiculous) problem I've encountered with the game is United Planets voting.  The AI is incompetent in this regard.   In one game I played, all of my allies voted for an enemy (who we were ALL at war with) giving the enemy a stat boost.I like this game and have enjoyed playing it, however, I would recommend holding off on buying it until it is further polished."
76561198043045195,Recommended,226860,15708627,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,THECRAZY14,internet died at 3pm may 5th contacted ISP says that he cant help us till may 8th. (9pm) play this game click hall of fame sends me to ISP home page click yes on page box internet starts back up10\10 would click again
76561197973091758,Recommended,226860,16044076,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,gonzoguns,"With over 1000 hrs. in this game, it's like a girlfriend that's a looker, fun to hang out with, easy to get along with, but can be a giant pain in the♥♥♥♥♥at times.I'm just about done with the most amazing game I've played so far, forgot to look but probably 200 hrs., minimal crashing, about 8, all related to video memory handling, Huge maps maxed out really mess with your video card Drivers at least NVidia, all Game settings are maxed out;Playing as the YorguzzaVictory Conditions this game, win is pretty close, winning by Diplomacy, just waiting to communicate with two races to make the final Allies to win.> Conquest 87%> Influence 55%> Technology Disabled> Ascension Disabled> Diplomatic 83%7 Remaining major races remaining, 9 started, 314 Colonies, 349 fleets, 27 shipyards, 268 Starbases, All Tech researched.All the Major Races being played are Mods I made, Efeari, Efeari Prime, Gonzoan, Phalanx Trading Corp, Yorguzza, UStates of Sonus, Kralon Dominion, Gratification Corp, Eathan.This is the 1st time I've playing against all the custom races I've published on Steam, and this game has been a blast, the AI in the game really used what I built, it made for some very tough opponents that make the Drengan look like teenage babysitter's, the AI used the traits I gave them as I hoped with one big surprise, I thought the Efeari would be easy to beat, but they went nuts with a diplomatic attack that gobbled planets......every time the AI would send fleets into my territory getting ready for a sneak attack, I would just give the offending  race a good♥♥♥♥♥whipping by destroying every ship and starbase they had then I would wait until they begged for mercy....what I found was the AI would back off sending ships into your space after metering out 2 good♥♥♥♥♥whipping’s, but the Efeari just kept smiling all the while building as many starbases in your territory as they could, then started sneaking fleets in, after two giant whooping’s....they just got sneakier, finally I had to destroy the little beggar’s to be rid of them, broke my heart because the Efeari Queen is such a sweet looking little thing with a dagger behind her back.I've designed 42 of my own ships, beginning from the start of the game as it progressed and I completed research, at this point in the Game there are 5 Ship designs, like the YG Death Carrier YG2 will destroy an entire fleet, biggest enemy fleet destroyed so far, 33 ships in total vaporized in seconds by one ship.Research Mass reduction, Capacity, and Precursor Tech, with these 3 items maxed out, you can build some amazingly badass Huge Super Killers that are almost immune to damage.....and will heal any damage in the next fight.SO........Galactic Civ III is turning into a great way to waste 100 hrs. easy if your into Monster Maps, Strategy, Watching Pretty Colors as things get blown up ( I never get tired of blowing things up), and being the Bully on the Block.I'm now in love with the Game, all the patches, all the DLC's, and the game is actually getting better...one patch at a time.BUT there's a few missing items yet;> NO Fleet AI for attacking, no commands for that, beyond a basic ""Attack"", click on your ship...click on the enemy ship....press attack.....that's it's it for the waffle maker.> NO Spies, what happened to sabotage, using spies prior to invasion> NO Real good Fleet management for turns, after having 349 Ships and Fleets scattered on the map, having to cycle through each and every one for each and every turn......is a real pain in the butt.....it would be nice if there were more commands for a ship that you just wanted to park somewhere and leave it.....the commands your given are pretty useless, attack actually attacks.....thank God for that....LOL....but beyond hiding ships in planet orbits and Starbases.....the turn will stop at each and very ship or fleet.....until you cycle through all 349 of them.....Oh what a pain at times> Iffy Starbases.....only upgrade to surveillance.....anything past that is a bad investment.....nothing will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off more than upgrading a Starbase to Max and have some little tweeter blow it up.....they don't stand a chance against even a moderate attack......flash Boom and what feels like 100 constructors.....gone.The Starbases worth putting money into are Influence and Precursor Archeology....mining bases are targets> Diplomacy....a long way to go yet, no taunts, No Warnings available, the argument is pretty lopsided...theirs.....while your screaming at your monitor....LOL> Ok and Very Pretty Battles.....but pretty repetitious after a while....playing with the camera and changing the roles of your ships can make it a little more interesting...having a badass Huge Capital ship dive into an enemy fleet using the Interceptor or Assault AI can be fun to watch> No Surveillance by Starbases.....Goofy....but they are worthless....you want to see what the enemy is actually up to.....build some super spy ships...loaded up with sensors that see what's going on for over 100 spaces in radius.....park a few and you can see anything and everything moving in your space.....problem solvedNOW.....I have to say that the Game has come a long way since I bought it early, my previous posts are here under this one.....my 1st post is after addiction....but I wanted to kill myself...or my monitor.The Developers have actually kept delivering constant and frequent updates that are really improving the game, but the game is still missing elements that are coming, and the developers have actually been paying attention.....that's an unusually good thing.Current Verdict ......it's still not worth the price of admission.....but almost.....the question is ""How Much Fun Will You Miss if You Leave It on the Table""......That's the Real Question.......Answer.....hell just buy it, you won't regret it....it's only getting better....and it's very pretty to look at....LOL"
,Recommended,226860,15987717,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,MizzouRah,"If you like the Gal Civ series, you'll love GC III. I'm a 4x junkie and with under 10 hours in so far, GC III is already becoming a favorite 4x game of mine. If they add planet governors, I might never fire up another 4x game for quite some time. :) It's easy enough to get into, yet as much micro as you want it to be. The great thing is Stardock is always active in their forums and have already rolled out a patch. It's only going to get even better. If you like 4x space games, I don't think you'll be disappointed with GC III."
76561197993861119,Recommended,226860,15996159,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Gaffer Bell,"Galactic Civilizations III, as it initially stands is just a smoother running, better looking version of Gal Civ II. However it really is a polished edition and still huge fun. I expect great adjustments coming over the next few years as they have committed to multi-year support. One thing which would help was if you could filter ships in the dockyard by class."
76561198097006431,Recommended,226860,16002680,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,normanator1717,"This is a really cool game with tons of depth, but it does take a while to play each game. The learning curve is steep because of how many different aspects there are and I have barely gotten into the game with 15 hours. Lots of options for playing. I see other review mentioning a lot of bugs, but I haven't had any crashes. I also haven't played with the ship designer yet because there are quite a few ships that become available as research progresses.One thing that seems to not work the best is the AI. One turn an enemy declares war and the next turn the AI wants peace. This happens A LOT. When war is declared on you, there isn't even a really clear prompt which states this. It is hard to distinguish because the AI threatens all the time, eventually declares war, then immediately wants peace. It also seems like the AI is not very good at making decisions. Early on in the game on a huge map, an AI will make a large number of star bases. With the easiest difficulty AI on my first two games, the outcomes were completely different. The first game the AI actually did things and captured planets, but the second game was 300 turns and the enemy had hardly done anything. It was about 200-250 turns before an ally even controlled more planets. In comparable 4x games that I have played the AI usually builds near the same rate at all difficulties, but their behavior changes for diplomatic interactions. So far this does not seem like the case.It is still a good game and really well polished, but if a bunch of people have bugs then it is probably not worth $50."
,Not Recommended,226860,16045105,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Wesdabest,"They released this game way too early. I played in the beta, and when I saw the release date I was thinking there's no way they can fix all of this in such a short time frame. I wanted to be wrong, because I loved GC2, but unfortunately I was right. Disappointing that they would release it too early with so many bugs."
76561198030978765,Recommended,226860,17085705,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,frankpiazza1234,"let see 597 hours later, i love the game..    a few things i miss from the old game but over all very good game play.  i would and have recomminded  this game to friends..."
,Recommended,226860,17090376,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Astus,You can design your own ships appearances in detail and see them blowing up other ships. So don't wait! Buy this game!!!
,Recommended,226860,17135808,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,kc_bandit,Best Galactic Civilization game of all time.  Truly spectacular.  I have barely touched the surface.
76561198044999396,Recommended,226860,15341105,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Lasair Nova,"A massive improvement over Gal-Civ 2, interface is highly friendly and the game play makes running your empire all the more fun.Custom races are easy to make, and you can make them as simple or complicated as you like with different traits and priority.A definite recommend for any 4X strategy lovers!!!"
,Recommended,226860,16960399,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Gmonkey88,"Good 4x, AI can play out similar. Dipolmancy is bleh. Had a game going pure good, and another ""Pure good"" Civ. Egg me on to a holy war with another ""Pure good (Minor)"". And rocked a nice debuff to diplomacy for the rest of the game. Twice!!! Going Evil and militarisic the game offers plenty of engineering(More in near expansions, Terror Stars <3!!!!), and cultural victory points. With a team victory, I know it's a minor thing to add, but alot of 4x don't allow team victories..."
,Recommended,226860,16962774,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,blaine.bossie,It's good
76561198068913105,Recommended,226860,17111473,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Virtus,I haven't even played the campaign yet becasue the custom matches are so addicting!
76561197979395166,Recommended,226860,17112708,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,The Man who Sold the World,"Hi AllThis game is for more chilled out gamers, who want to build and develop over long periods of time whilst perfecting your own strategy.I fully recommend Gal Civ 3 to anyone who likes that kind of game.Really great job on this one guys and I look forward to any future DLC you may develop.Kind Regards,Nick"
76561198012022844,Recommended,226860,17196802,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Mavairo,"Only 10 hours in, but have several hundred (maybe thousand) in other 4x games.This is quickly becoming a new favorite.Just designing ships alone, is an unadulterated joy. It's like having legos, that bed with playdoh, and kinects all at the same time."
,Recommended,226860,16974583,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,jeaton32,"Quite a bit better in terms of game play than GC2. I do miss ships that level up, that gave me good reasons for custom ship names.8.5/10"
,Recommended,226860,16975438,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,alberic81,A Great 4x Space theme game. Highly recommend to all especialy those who love 4X in Space. You can design your own ship and build your own custom race. Hell tons of MODS from Fan made community.. Starwars? yup.. Star Trek? yup.. list goes on and on haha.
76561197989898896,Recommended,226860,17059570,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,frank_tezz,"Very nice game!  The size of the universe is impressive.  It gets a little repetitive, the goals should be more varied..."
76561198064364666,Recommended,226860,17095986,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,FRANZJFUNK123,"A lot like the other versions of Gal Civ. Totally enjoyable, but nothing really all that new."
76561198135764536,Recommended,226860,17101374,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,texansfan25,If you loved MOO and MOO 2 you should love this one as well. I know I did. I do wish I could control the ship battles but there is still plenty of strategy in ship building for the fight preparation to keep me happy.
76561197993050187,Recommended,226860,17135487,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Wind Of Death,Solid fun but a bit glitchy
76561198022253570,Recommended,226860,17144257,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,CromagnumPI,"Having an absolute blast messing around with this game. After trying (and failing) to get into Galciv 2, I am well deep into #3 and find it much easier to grasp.I will warn you though that you should take the time to outfit your own ships. Use the pre-designs for the ship ""look"" but trust me, kitting out a destroyer with a load of Stingers and Ion drives will make you smile.7 out of 10. Not the greatest strat 4X I've ever played but is only about the 4th that has managed to distract me from Civ4 for any period of time. I'll be dumping hours into this game for the forseeable future; and, having experience playing stardock games (Sins of a Solar Empire) I know they'll be adding and refining this game for years to come"
,Recommended,226860,17164811,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Panicked Rookie,"Well, This is an interesting game, it's sort of half finished. It is Ok right now, and is being updated (01/12/2015)(dd/mm/yyyy) but it needs some more work before I can say it is good."
76561198019078472,Recommended,226860,17174923,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Falaffelwaffl,Great game
76561197968913893,Recommended,226860,17193007,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,kailui,"top notch turn based space game.  easy to pick up and easy to learn, very recomended"
,Recommended,226860,17209271,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,aaron.avery,"I play this game way too much.  It is good, and it has that special something that makes you want to keep playing.   One more turn....I would recommend it to anyone who wants to get addicted to a game."
76561198059632054,Recommended,226860,17093046,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Clawmyth,Great turn based game with alot of potentail gameplay.
,Recommended,226860,16964820,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Zerikon Azor,If your going to spend 20$ to see a movie for 2 hours of entertainement might as well spend 60$ for weeks of fun... A great game that get better as patches are added and bugs fixed!
76561198214553628,Recommended,226860,16967974,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,john777barry,"Great and callenging game at whatever level you play. weaponry is great, and the other alien players very well developed."
,Recommended,226860,17049104,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,THE_C0NQUER0R,great game that i would recommend to anyone who likes a good strategy game.
76561198007276563,Recommended,226860,17052296,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,pricekris,Great 4X Turn based strategy game.  I recommend to any fan of the genre.
76561198174195134,Recommended,226860,26479551,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,gamedj,"Great game, very adictive."
76561198021448187,Recommended,226860,26533530,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Arthorn,"A WONDERFUL GAME TO DIVE RIGHT INTO, LITTLE SAD YOU CANT CONTROL YOUR SHIPS IN BATTLE. AT LEAST SET FORMATIONS AND HEADINGS. ALL TOGETHER A GET PLAY THROUGH."
76561198070544047,Recommended,226860,26479276,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,dbrown_9415,"I don't know if the makers of CIV could do a better job in creating the scale of galactic civilization building that is within this game. With so many paths to victory, and ways to play this is not a game that you can simply go through once. I love how the team is constantly improving it, and adding new features that increase the degree of challenges, and options that make this game so very enjoyable. This game has numerous customization options, and it is amazing to design your own ship but I wish the process was simplified a bit more for the sake of time.On a personal note, I wish that they would add some kind of battle animation for the planetary invasions (I know this is primary a space based game but it would look really cool) Overall I have no regrets purchasing this game."
76561198033896311,Recommended,226860,26571388,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,El Paco,"Works well, they fix bugs constantly,"
,Recommended,226860,15103567,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Kelryth,Awesome  Can't wait for release!!
76561198031524491,Recommended,226860,15111833,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Alphadan96,Really looking forward to the finished game. So far its fantasic
,Recommended,226860,19239780,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,ErikuKun,"Good game with mechanics in all the right places. it lacks a bit of soul though, you dont really get the feeling of imersion you get with civ for example"
,Recommended,226860,19270279,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Yeticus,"I've played several hours, I recommend this game. Two reasons, such a great range of variations on the ships and a lot of different races with several ways to play. I can be a race who starts off benevolent but decides to have a change of heart, a la Anakin Skywalker style.... It's fun replaying and deciding to go at it a different way. The tactical curve is sharp and I do wish they had a more customizable planet governer, IE one you can customize for the majority of your worlds that can specialize in whatever you need, other than that, highly recommend to space strategists."
76561198257884229,Recommended,226860,19268994,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,thrawn3661,"Learning curve is huge, but fun"
,Recommended,226860,19256477,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,obbymac101,The only problem I seem to have is at times it just kicks me out.. not sure why.. other than that great game!
76561198035614747,Not Recommended,226860,16838237,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,RadarCDN,"The addition of a 64 bit system within the game is a welcome change--something that never happened with Gal Civ II unfortunately. However, Gal Civ III just don't bring enough good to the table, and often times brings nothing but wretchedness in it's place. CTD's, stupid AI, slow as hell multiplayer, and wildly disproportionate civ bonuses (I'm looking at you Altarians) ruin good game play. Seriously: only two people are ever playing mutliplayer, and it's for a good reason,  Often times you'll be waiting three minutes for another player to finish their turn, which leads to a lot of boredom. AI Civs cheat endlessly, building huge slews of warships and developments despite not having the economy or happiness to do so--their colonies can be deep in the red and they'll be fielding fleets that can kick your♥♥♥♥♥no problem. Their research is also not tied to their economy or improvements, leading to them getting a huge edge early game, and staying there until you're dead. The issue's so bad, it often leads to one AI being a master of everything. How Stardock thought this was and is good game design is beyond me, and the fact the game's been an unbalanced and broken mess for 8 months speaks volumes about the company's desire to actually fix the game.The UI is good for the most part, but the idea to map the rotation button (in ship designer) to the mouse wheel of all things is idiotic, and there is no way to remap the key.  The tutorial is garbage and doesn't adequately explain things, leading to you jumping into the main game in order to figure things out. In all, the technical failures of the game bog down the experience. This game is definitely not worth 60 dollars. Avoid entirely. Do not reward Stardock for such laziness."
76561198138836202,Recommended,226860,16364958,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,yotosun,This is an awesome game and its only getting better with constant updates.
76561198027016884,Recommended,226860,16484774,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mr. K,"After playing several Games like Oblivion, Fallout-3, Skyrim, and Planetside-2, Galactic Civilizations III, is a completly different kind of game. I have not played a Turn based game sence the mid 1990s. I played for 4 hours, and I was unaware of anything going on around me, this is that kind of a compelling game. I did need to read the Player Guide to get started, and I need to read some more, so I can figure out how to do some more things in this complicated game. I will play tommorow, and learn some more. I recomend this game to anybody that wants a new kind of game challenge.Mr. K"
,Recommended,226860,16482702,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ukulele Guy,"Pros:Fleets are larger, ships are stronger, resources have more varietyCustom races are more customizable, new music sounds beautiful, ships don't randomly deselect like they did in GalCiv2Cons:Still a little buggy, when I hit ""Destroy Planet"" it crashed my game.The United Planets interface runs off the edge of my screen so I can't see some of the racesWhen not using a 1080p monitor some of the GUI overlaps9.5/10Beautiful work, guys."
,Not Recommended,226860,16512513,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Arcane Archer,"Impossible to find a multiplayer game, literally every publically listed match is private and you'll get kicked. I posted on the community forum to try and find more players and got 0 responses. I've joined over 50 matchmaking lobbies since I bought this game and have only ever successfully started one game- the other 49+ i've been kicked from the lobby because they were private. DO NOT GET THIS GAME TO MULTIPLAYER.Shame on the ♥♥♥♥in' devs for not allowing a default private setting, nor ALLOWING US TO NAME THE LOBBY'S OF OUR GAMES TO SAY THINGS LIKE""New players, looking for anyone"" Nope. It shows ""lobby name"" which is just a ♥♥♥♥in' duplicate of your goddamned user name. Real useful guys, real ♥♥♥♥in' useful.It's delightful otherwise, however NO WHERE NEAR THE PRICE TAG considering YOU CANT MULTIPLAYER.#♥♥♥♥TheseDevs"
,Recommended,226860,15832337,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,WorkingClassHero,"I held off on reviewing this during the early access because I wanted to wait to see what that end result was. Now that launch is here, I can say confidently that it has lived up to its promise. In every way this is a better, tighter, more polished game than GalCiv 2- no features are missing and a few have been added. The graphics are way better, though the sound leaves a little bit to be desired. Voice acting would have been great.Ultimately this game's greatest strength is also its weakness- it is not fundamentally different from GalCiv 2. If you loved that game, you'll love this game. It's the superior version. If you were hoping for something different like the change from Civ4 to Civ5, you might be left wanting.In my opinion though, they found a winning formula that wasn't worth changing.8.5/10"
76561198061219940,Recommended,226860,16361822,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,kuhaica,"I bought this game back when it was in Beta, played it a few times but just left it to sit until the full realse for many reasons. Mostly because i forgot i had even bought it. Over the last two weeks I've probably played 25 hours or so taking up much of my spare time because its such a fun game. So far i've found a few very strange things involing the AI and how easy it is to meta max the game. So while i find these negatives i know that in future updates those small issues will be resolved.I enjoy mostly how everygame is diffrent and what i love about this kind of 4x is that your start is generally what determins the difficulty of the game. My first major game i destroyed the Ai, because i had 30 planets before encountering a single race. My next game i lost because i had 3 plaents before i encounterd the Ai. It makes the game itself more challanging to play because you are forced to change your stragety every game.Then you have all the mechanics which i just love such as how its actually challanging to culture flip planets and many more. I also enjoy that the Devs are speeking with members of the community to make sure there voice is heard. Overall its an amazing game, i however wish that the AI had some more work done to it. For right now its very buggy, I get declared war on by three Races and i have maybe 3 ships. So i build up a few fleets and suddenly everyone hates me for building up an army.So, while theres some problems with the game which I'm sure will be fixed as time goes on. I would give this game a 8/10 for all the amazing things it brings."
76561198001784686,Recommended,226860,15838650,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Beaghan,"the bad - price, there are bugs, planetary surface construction needs some guidance and refinement.the good - decent game if the price and bugs don't set you back too much. I can see that it's already a huge setting, I think that the biggest map may be the biggest that I've seen in a strategy game, they will be fixing the bugs and offering many dlc's for sure so it'll never get boring. Many surprises like enemies giving up and joining you, friends backstabbing you, galactic events that affect everyone.I found that the bugs are mostly limited to the multiplayer so I'll continue to play in single player, I only found one bad bug there. Basically if the price doesn't hurt you then it's worth a try, otherwise wait for a sale as there will probably be fixes by then too and you'll love it even more."
76561198031073876,Recommended,226860,16227998,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Mr.Nixon,"I've never played GC 1-2, but this game (Galactic Civilizations III) made my top of the turn based strategies, even competing Sid Meier's Civilization. It is smart, atmospheric and very exciting.- Richard Nixon, Black Cloud Studios,http://afterreset.com"
,Recommended,226860,15831207,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,rakker91,"I love this game.  They've gone out of their way to make it fun and interesting to play.  It's not revolutionary from the previous installments, but it is certainly a good addition to the franchise.  They plan on adding additional features over time as well.  I do wish there was an auto-attack option for ships.  On very large maps, manually targeting ships can get overwhelming.Overall, I give it a 9 out of 10."
76561198056268631,Not Recommended,226860,16488021,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Augustus,"After about 2 weeks now of near non-stop playing, I feel as if I am now entitled enough to give a proper reveiw.Pros---This game is going in the right direction, I love turn based games and the setting, scope, and style of GC3 is totally amazing. To be immersed in such an amazing universe, having to aquire unique resources, spreading to differnt habitable planets, createing peace or war with other civilizations. This game has everything I wanted and I love it.Cons--- Here is why overall I give this game a no. 1st off, I am not one to complain about cost, I have a 3k expensive alienware so I can get the best experiance possible. And I actually like when games cost around $60 because I feel like there has been a lot of work done on it to make it worthy of my time. So I bought this game about 2 weeks after it launched offically (i knew there would be bugs so naturally i wanted until some fixes were available).So to begin, Learning how to play has been the most troublesome and encumbersome feat I have had to distainfully deal with in the longest time. I understand these are very large games therefore as a gamer it is my duty to study up and learn the mechanics before i can expect to have fun and win chanllengeing games. So i began the tutorial with a notepad and was ready to learn how to become a galaxy master. Unfortunealy the tutorial  is so short and the explinations are so non-existant that i litteraly had to check and search online to make sure that i wasn't missing something. Then i searched for a guide, a rule book, an explination at the very least of how some things worked. How pathetically unforunate i am to have to endure such a total slap in the face.After about a week of learning most of the game mechanics myself trhough trial and error, or looking online and watching hour long videos of other peoples games, I became sorely disappointed. Some aspects of the game are so in detailed and wonderful, like the ship designer and being able to name any ship and any planet or starbase. But those are minor points, how could the game designers put so much effort into that, but make the major componets like the technology tree and civilization diplomatic engagements the most basic and mundane thing ever. I wanted to throw up when i discovered how basic and non-creative the tech tree and the ideology tree were. Then i realized that because of this, my next games would all be the same. I wanted to win this game in every way possible, war, peace, trade, yada yada. how dissapointing that this is all.I was exspecting a game with an awesome campain (campain is a scam, joke, lie), a HUGE tech tree with mulltiple pathways. I mean how can someone create a game that can have 100+ planets, which means i could be in the same game for over 2 weeks, yet have the mechanics be so basic and boreing.Therefore i recommend that if ur looking for a turn based strategy star game, that you wait for a different game to come out. I have tried a few in the past and was simmilaily disapointed. One will emerge sometime soon, that will actually have mechanics that are as deep as the universe they govern. Not another game that had such great potential but got rushed by the company owners and was released without the complexity we all desired."
,Recommended,226860,16498680,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Shadowmare,A great game! I've played different types of strategy games such as Sid Meier's Civ 5 and never have I come across a game like Galactic Civ 3. The amount of possible playthroughs are great and with the possibility to create your own faction/civ and design your own spaceships for many different types of battles. Want to build a whole fleet filled with only rocket-shooting ships? Go ahead! There is so many different ways you can play this game.I can really recommend buying this game!You will not regret purchasing a game like this one!Unless you of course do not like turn-based strategy.
76561198034208198,Not Recommended,226860,16762328,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Braxuss,i am very dissapointed in this game. upset i did not read the comments before
,Not Recommended,226860,16762803,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Utherix,"As far as I can tell, the AI is braindead and will build useless upgrades on their planets while failing to maintain a good fleet. The AI will not respond intelligently to things like military buildup or snowballing by the player.There is no civilopedia/in-game manual equivalent. So, there is no explaination to how some confusing game mechanics such as 3 damage types with 3 defense types work, or how the series' new ship roles work. You may try to use the tooltips to help you, but they often have no useful information or even have grammar and spelling mistakes. Don't worry though, because you won't need to know how the game works to stomp on the AI.I can't recommend this game based on these two factors, unless you are planning to play multiplayer. I do however recommend Galactic Civ 2 and expansions."
76561198007235422,Not Recommended,226860,16587055,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kazox,I hate the ship design feature.  Turn me off so bad I don't want spend my time playing the rest of the game
76561198031015003,Not Recommended,226860,16905260,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,PEEVEED,I played GC and got GCII but I got busy and stop playing when I saw GCIII I was like OH WOW I would really enjoy this game. Now wait for it YAWN!!!! the game pace is slow combat non existan but then again that's nothing new and was always disapointing in that you can either watch it or not eh you seen one you seen them all. Wish they would remake MOO2. Like I said I had been absent from GCII for a long time and to see GCIII is just a copy and paste pretty much shame on Stardocks.
76561198023059414,Not Recommended,226860,16562645,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,sirst819,So far the UI is so-so. Many feature I think are pretty basic [like a listing of explored uncolonized planets] are absent. Or if they are present the manual is poor enough to not have instructions on how to find them.  I've had this game a week and so far have not figured out how to make it playable.  I'd reccomend waiting for a patch with better documentation.
,Not Recommended,226860,16820917,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Zanteogo,"I wanted to like this game. I remember playing GalCiv 1 and 2 and enjoying them. However, something is just not right in this one.Something feels off. Like each piece of the game, such as research, combat, and the various empire managements just don't work together. It was almost like different teams worked on each and they tried to fuse them all together in the end. However it didn't quite work.For example, you can build combat ships with different types of weapons and defenses with each type of weapons SUPPOSED to have different ranges and damages. Also, each type of defense is supposed to be better suited at countering certain types of attack. However, once you actually use these ships in combat, there seems to be something that doesn't quite work correct. It seems there are several factors at work here. The combat viewer has a habit of not actually showing what is actually occurring, making the player think that the ships are behaving differently that they should, and perhaps then changing the ships and their roles to make them better at combat, when it might or might not. It all seems sloppy and needs to be tightened up.The AI acts strange. Sending colony ships to take planets right next to my capital for example. Other than the fact that this should be an act of war, it's just a dumb move on the AI part, because a few turns afterwards the planet will flip to my side automatically because its in the middle of my influence zone.However, they can still send starbases in and build them right in the middle of ""my"" space. Steal my resources. This seems ok for some reason. (and the stations don't flip like the planets do)Edit: I think stations not fliping is a bug, there are parts of the game that say that they are flipable, I have never seen one do such however.Edit: I have put some more hours in and have sadly only come across more issues that I feel I need to bring up.-Planet invasion was a big issue in the last games. I seem to recall taking well defended planets with troops was a diffcult proccess in the other games. It's way to easy in this one and the population seems to be alright with you taking over pretty quickly-The game shows you ""unlocking goverment types"" in the research tree. It implies that you can have different goverment types in the game. However, there is no where in the game you can change your goverement. It seems the feature was never added??-The AI is way to passive most of the time, even when the more aggressive types declare war they hardly ever actually attack.Overall the game needs some work still. Perhaps with some love they can still fix it."
76561197962100857,Not Recommended,226860,16851051,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,six-P-,Plays more like a mod or an expansion to Galactic Civilizations II rather than a full game. Too much of the same.
76561198048069011,Recommended,226860,18227739,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ls_homer,i like this game very much!
76561198035697433,Not Recommended,226860,18229014,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SP2244,"Painfully slow... and for others who like tactical battle games, this is not the right game for you (like endless space but smaller scale with no choices).  I made a mistake buying it even on sale!  Games like this need to let you start both sides with higher technology and money to make the pace faster.  I built custom game and played with all options speeding things up, still way too boring.  The weapon development on the ships is way too slow - the game might be over before get there.  If you like pure economic games then you might like this game, the visuals are good, the battle visuals are very good (watching a movie).  Once again, another 4x game where the strategy is just find as many planets as possible and use that math to win.  I think the problem is with most of the recent 4x games they are being designed for multiplayer so single player gives huge advantage to AI to expand much faster than you can.               One very good thing is they did opening develop a console cheat so you can give yourself more money and technology to balance the game if you want or just make a nice battleship and quickly kill everyone on the board.  Just be sure to put shortcut on desktop with the last word being cheat in the path or the console will not open during gameplay.  The ratio of fun to boring is about 1/10 for me.  This game has been a lot of hype for very little fun!  Oh yea, when you build military starbased they do nothing.... enemy went by them all the time with no action taking place - don't waste your points on them.  They also need a way to skip the shipyard when you do not want to build anymore..... another helpful hint, keep you left hand on tab and Q, so can quickly go through turns when you do not want to take specific actions.... later in game you find yourself just hitting tab over and over again.... yea, that is about how exciting it gets!  Again the plus, the battles are kind of fun to watch, but find lot of work to get to that stage!   I would not buy this game, wait for a better game in next few months (I  keep forgetting, when steam puts something at 1/2 price there is usually a reason for that - and do not trust all the +ratings - companies know to come here and hype their games)."
76561197996481081,Recommended,226860,18230872,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,neoamerican,"7/10 for ""squishy"" and ""boring"" Naval Logistic Officers."
76561198042608401,Not Recommended,226860,18319092,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,calhoul,"I read all the reviews before purchasing this.  ""wait till the price reduces"" I did and got it for the bargain price of $25. I still have to say the price still needs to come down. This is a $10 game and no more. With the games out today, this is way behind. Granted I only played the campaign so far, not that i will play the multiplayer as the game is boring after a while.Broken downStory - 1/10 (very minimal and simple)graphics 3/10 (better if zoomed in but lose perspective)Sound 2/10 (same droning tune all through)cinematics 2/10 (very short and minimal, get the 2 for quality only)gameplay 3/10 (can't even take control of the battles, watch only)The only plus is the ship designer 8/10 (but only usefull once research is high)"
76561198144152342,Recommended,226860,18229396,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,88bottles,"Won't change your life, but it is good to kill some time.  The highlights are designing your own ships and your own factions.    Give it a few games before you make a decision.  The tech tree takes a while to get used to."
76561198172008442,Recommended,226860,18219142,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,hopparz,"Amazing, deeply economic and stategic game. If you love economy, managing the remnants refugees, watch them as forming a new civilisation...hell...it's not one hour casual game."
,Recommended,226860,18231626,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Alarius,"Involved and gorgeous. Technical and immersive gameplay.  A little bit of a learning curve compared to SINS, more like a Civilization series game, in space."
76561198040883156,Recommended,226860,29430519,Posted: 22 January,all,nagathsun17,"Not a huge change from the previous game, but very good looking and a bit smoother. If you like strategy games you will love this."
,Recommended,226860,30484920,Posted: 12 March,all,Catters,"Bought this game back in Early Access, wow... I remember when there were only 3 ship types, no customization. I set it aside in the same Steam dustbin alongside CiVI:BE and SOTS2. A week or two ago, I was browsing about for a good 4x game and remembered I have GalCiv3.This game is incredible. Everything I remember from GalCiv2 and more is here (in hexes too!). On top of it being a great game on its own, I ended up with around $70 of DLC from buying it Early Access! The fact that they are still making content and patches really shows that Stardock follows through, as they have in their other games!If you like 4x games, this is the one to get!"
76561197993744812,Recommended,226860,23212802,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Graptharr,"The Vorlons (Babylon 5) just declared war on the Lunar Republic (MLP), the Ethereals (XCOM) live in the next star sytem over from me (and are rather polite), and Space Squirrles just threatened to murder me because my survey ship passed through thier territory. And that's just what happened in turn 20."
76561197966268319,Not Recommended,226860,23278351,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,fartbutt,"Fun game, a little shallow for a 4x. The campaign is a normal game with altered victory conditions and a fixed map. Lots of replayability, but nowhere near the level of something like civ.Overall not recommended due to constant crashes."
,Not Recommended,226860,15997406,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Onufry von Trumtropf,"After playing few galaxies I'm bit frustrated. The feeling is simply that the game was prematurely released.Few issues:1. Fleet movementNo planning button (showing the possible route instead of moving them right away)? Auto-movement at the end of the turn? No ""move my fleets"" button?Seriously, what has the quality assurance person/team been doing??!This is the single critical interface that renders the game from good to frustrating in just a few turns...2. Technology tradingThe technology tree have permanent choices (great feature!). However due to the lack of ""no thank you"" option during the diplomatic technology gift exchange it can seriously make you mad. It could no-thank-you or choose-yourself is option. Either one would make do.As a result I switch off the technology trading for all my games.3. BalancingIt just feels greatly unbalanced and fast-paced (playing on the slowest options possible) game. It was suppose to be a 4x game of planning and choices with micro and macro management and yet I feel no choices did matter and the faster I produce ships the better.4. Unfinished?What was the point of this ""tactical battle view."" It's just auto-resolve with animation - an average one at that. No option for the ships just an animation.5. Ship designerBiggest disappointment of all. It's not an option, it's obligatory since the auto-made-ships are useless. No ""upgrade my ship"" option. Buggy (crashed the game more than once). Hard to control - the ""part"" is not easy to select once on a ship and even harder to place where you want it.Bottom line. This game feels more like an amateur attempt rather then a game from established developer. At this time a strongly not recommend it. Maybe if the price drops below 10$ as for an indie game. For almost 50$ it's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,226860,16025805,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Aduna,"So at long last, after ignoring backers comments, suggestions, and criticisms, Stardock releases Galactic Civilization III …complete with many of the bugs and missing features (such as obvious fundamentals as planetary invasions) that plagued it in Early Access.  So if you buy this game, know full well that it’s not mistake, Stardock knows there’s issues and non-functional areas, they just fully expect you to “suck it up” until such time they fix it in a patch, or in a DLC. In the mean, time, they will take your money.So is the game worth it? It’s a good start into the 4X Space genre, and it does have some complex systems.  However, there is already some stiff competition in that field that Galactic Civilization III pretends to ignore. Even fans of the GalCiv pedigree will notice missing things from Galactic Civilization II, such as espionage (which will come in DLC maybe), 5 major civilizations - Arceans, Torians, Drath, Korath, Korx  (cut out to add to future DLC), Terror Stars, Elections (both which may never come).  Worse, when you compare Galactic Civilization III to other games, such as Endless Space, Stardrive 2, or Distant Worlds, things such as interesting and unique commanders, unique ships, specialized trade resources to gain a monopoly, complex planetary systems with many different planets, really interesting special events that change the direction of the Universe, or exciting end game content (like in Distant Worlds), …it’s just not in Galactic Civilizations III. It's not that Galactic Civilizations doesn't dip it's toe into, or has a whisper of some of these ideas, it's just that these other games are doing it all better, for the same price. I many cases, these missing features or others are promised to possibly appear ""in a  future DLC"", so if you're willing to hang out and spend a lot more money, you might get the game of your dreams.Perhaps the most inexcusable part of Galactic Civilizations III is ship to combat …there isn’t any.  There is a fairly innovative albeit extremely kludgey and frustrating interface to design the looks of your own ships, like sort of a lego set.  This is really neat, but it's cosmetic ONLY.  Ship designing could be a lot better, such as say Stardrive 2, has an interesting system where you place all your ship components for forward firing or side firing aspects, place individual blocks of armor, sensors, and other techs you’ve developed on your ships so when you go to fight with them, you can see your creations in action and your designs matter, it's not just graphical.  It’s such an involved process they have a separate mini-game you can launch just where you can build ships and fight with them, to experiment.Galactic Civilization III ship designer is just cosmetic, so then, what do yhou do with yhour pretty ships? Move your ship on an enemy ship, and there’s a lack luster explosion on the main map and your ship moves into the enemy hex.  That’s it.  If you want, you can see that battle in the “Battle Viewer” which never worked for me in the Early Access, but now is just an absolutely terrible, lower resolution affair where you can’t change the angle, has horrible effects, has ships operating in it as if there are only two dimensions in space, blobing together, doing stupid things, and pretty much, not even following the combat log of what the ships are reportedly doing.   …and you can’t control any of it.  Just watch it like a space voyuer.  The icing on the cake is that it's usualy best to play zoomed wayh out, where the game substitutes all the graphical elements and pretty ships with basic icons, such that you hardly ever see your ships without going out of your way to do so.If you really want to get Galactic Civilization III, wait until the game of the year edition where they bundle all the DLC from the past year. whcih Stardock has promised to agressively push, together with it, and sell it for $40.  At that time, it will probably be as feature complete as the competition I listed above, and with about as many bugs as it’s competitors, and also have multi-player making Galactic Civilization III an interesting choice. Until then wait, as you're just wasting your money, or worse, your time."
76561198080475277,Recommended,226860,23103077,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Cannash,"Best Sci-fi 4X game I've played (better than Endless Space). However, I haven't played new MoO yet. (Sid Meier's Civilization is still my favorite 4X in general though.)"
,Not Recommended,226860,23109709,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,HvyArtilleryBTR,"All in all, this game is not a bad game, but it is not a good game either. However, it is very shallow. I ever played any of the Gal Civ games before this game, so I have no prior bias. I purchase Gal Civ III because it seemed like it would fufill my desire for a interstellar 4X game. However, I was very dissappointed with this game. It starts out decently enough, requiring you to explore for habitable worlds for you to colonize and resources to exploit. You also have a tech web with several types of tech to research. Planets you colonize have tiles on which you can build buildings to increase yields of food and science, etc, etc, etc. The early game is fairly eventful as you try to build up your empire and meet the other empires. However, the pace stalls out in mid to late game. At that point, all you can really do is build up your colonized planets, continue grinding research, and attacking our defending against other empires. Also at this point, micromanaging becomes a massive problem. On the larger maps, you'll usually have a butt ton of planets under your countries. As far as I know there is no way to automate your planets. Late game turns usually consist of going through your planets to fill out their construction queues. This makes the late game tedious and un-fun.Please save your money and don't give it to this sub-par game. If you really want a space 4X, buy Stellaris."
,Recommended,226860,16666058,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,_JAKE_,"This is a bit early on but Right now i think it was worth the $37 i payed for it. Only 5 hours into actual gameplay but it has a nice feel. Some of the mechanics i still do not understand but like any strategy game, there are always learning curves. Will get back to you all soon with a more updated review but for its current state I do feel it was worth the money I spent with me wanting to go back and play some more.Cheers!"
76561198044651323,Recommended,226860,15821899,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,nateg943,love the game if you liked the first 2 you need to play this one
,Recommended,226860,16083426,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Magnificient Genius,"Absolutely the best space 4x game. There is nothing that can match it. Between the ship designer, the faction designer, and now the long overdue multiplayer, this series has long been the gold standard, and GalCiv 3 continues the trend.Now with multiplayer, even larger maps, and carriers(which are another thing that was long overdue), Stardock has set the bar even higher. Stardock always provides excellent post release support, so this game will only get better.I would(and have) recommend this to my friends, and I recommend it to anyone else who would ask"
76561197983679579,Not Recommended,226860,16284060,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Frost1977,"Game is ok,  kinda repetitive and not at all a value at full price,  wait until it is 20 or less.. the ship designer is th most fun part."
76561198005839853,Recommended,226860,16073885,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Slapstick,"As a newcomer to the series, I must say that Galactic Civ is far far better than I had anticipated! I'm about 50 hours into the game, and I can tell this will be a 500+ hours game for me!A few of very many highlights:- The available strategical depth is immense, but the basics of the game is still easily grasped. So the learning curve is not too steep, but you *know* you can can become infinitely better with time.- Designing your own ships is fun! Filling them up with weapons and designing a setup so they can crush your foes with supreme customization. THEN discoverer that the AI will actually USE THOSE DESIGNS against you and kick your♥♥♥♥♥with them. That is pure brilliance in a strategy game. No longer can I stomp the AI because it just can't design good ships.- Lots of personality, charm and humor in the game and in the descriptions of events. Go play Yor (robots), and laugh about how your science robot advises you on how to rid the universe of organic waste (aka the other players).I've had zero instability issues. Zero performance issues. No bugs.It's so awesome I want to cry. This has honestly made me think ""why don't they make games like this any more? Oh wait, they do! THIS ONE!"". Compared to the travesty of Civ BE, this is a must-buy for any strategy or space opera fan."
76561197971176150,Recommended,226860,19279040,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Aftermath,"Awesome game but has some serious flaws.I think everything about this game is done well except two things and they are as follows.The game is complex, which is good, but the developers assumed you would know how everything works and spent no effort in explaining any game principles. The game needs a feature like Sid Meyer's Civilizations ""Civilpedia"" to help a a new player get a grasp of the game concepts.The interface of the game is horrible, it is awkward and not intuitive at all.  It's hard to explain but everything seems so clumbsy.You will need to spend 4+ hours just messing around with the game to learn the concepts. Once you've got the hang of it though, it is a truly great game with lots of potential.If you like games like Civilization, Dealock and Total War, then you will love this game.Edit:The game is also VERY Crash Happy. I get about 15 minutes of gameplay per crash"
76561198079006527,Not Recommended,226860,17906000,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,blyndpyrat,"Nearly unplayalbe, in anyway....Borring and frustrating are the two main words that spring to mind when I see this game in my library.I purchased it BEFORE asking for a refund was a real option on Steam, other wise it wouldn't BE in my library.Nuff said."
76561197986334232,Recommended,226860,23557660,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,reichle,The only thing I miss is the ability to see unclaimed planets in a filter list.  I hope this will be added to a future release.
76561197971081872,Recommended,226860,17505045,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Azzameae,Gal Civ 1 was a classic 4x game and one of my favorties over the years.  This iteration builds on that and is one of the most polished and well supported games in its category.  A must have for 4x fans and a great place to start for people who are trying out the genre.
76561198069007017,Recommended,226860,17506250,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,1979osa,This is the best 4X game I've played in years. If you like turn based strategy games you won't be displeased.
76561197981956885,Recommended,226860,17019039,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Jchap89,"Great game! Almost endless possibilites, very well done."
76561198164353986,Recommended,226860,17024390,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Tanis501,"Awesome and fun, some what complicated if you arnt used to that sort of thing.Overall I would recommend this game to someone who wants something new and creative but difficult."
76561198158466749,Recommended,226860,17028820,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,dallynquent,i have played for many hours and still have only scratched the surface of this game (havent even played multiplayer yet). shipbuilder mode allows player to build own designs so i have spent a lot of time in just ship designs. still locks up occasionally late in the game but seems to be progressing through updates.
76561198056783481,Recommended,226860,17840926,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,thierry.vincent,Very similar to galciv 3. Overall great improvments and overhauls. The tech tree is not as good as twilight of the arnor. Have not tested the ai much yet though... You can export and 3d print your sahip designs which is neat. Not a lot of races to choose from. Mot enough civ costumisation. But maybe with expansions this will be solved.
76561198004836799,Recommended,226860,17865423,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,greengog,I love this game... I will love it a lot more when there is some cool and witty dialogue between races... please! Add some character...!
76561198023217239,Recommended,226860,17871084,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,DavidShepherd87,"Don't fix something thats not broken. For 10 years his game series has been a bigger part of my life then i would like to admit. It has always had solid game play, support of the community, and provided that golden age of gaming feel i miss o so much. That being said a refresh of the series would be nice."
,Recommended,226860,17479383,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Kip,"It is definitely not for the space shooter bunch, but it has some 4X appeal."
76561198031695596,Recommended,226860,17867762,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,kaisond1,This is a fun game for those that like turn base games. But it is the player mods that makes this game shine like the sun.
76561198030763938,Recommended,226860,17869569,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,dford,"Took a minute to get used to it, so stick with it, but once I did it was a great game.  Zooming in and out also took a minute to get used to the graphic changes but that's good too, but could use some better varied coloring."
,Recommended,226860,17832691,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,AlexMcFacepalm,The game is quite fun and its a nice chill game with few civs on larger maps. If you want a cluster f you should have more in less space that realy gets the game going. To be honest this is probably the best TBS set in space yet.
76561198008499096,Recommended,226860,17866872,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Dalebee,One of the best 4x titles I've ever played.
,Recommended,226860,25295797,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,mo97.me,"This game is awesome stunning graphics, very good looking for a strategy game. Bought this a while bck never played it unitl today. Its awesome you conquer the universe with a variety of diffrent races (or your own!), making your own fleets, colonizing planets, researching upgrades,very addictive once you get past the tutorial"
,Recommended,226860,18736821,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Tequila Joe,"Galciv2 was easily my favorite 4X game of all time. So, you can guess that I was pretty damn excited for Galciv3. When it was half off, there was no stopping me from getting this game.All in all, I think Galciv3 is a worth successor to 2, which is really saying something. The ship building is great, the addition of carriers and fleet-boosting modules is terrific. The starbases and strategic resources are awesome, too. Planet planning has gotten more in-depth than before as well. I was worried this game would be simplified to meet the modern standard but I'm glad that wasn't the case.With Galciv3, I've noticed 3 glaring issues:The soundtracks: theres literally ONE soundtrack for the main galaxy screen. It gets very tiresome very fast. There were like 5 or so in galciv2, and they changed based on the situation (ie warfare music, early game music, late game music). In galciv2, each faction had their own soundtrack. Not the case anymore. I do hope more are added with future patching.The AI and the dialogue: AI is decent overall, but they do some really strange stuff that makes no sense sometimes. But whats worse, the dialogue is even less diverse than the soundtracks, which is a huge step back from galciv2. Now, there isn't any faction specific dialogue, and most dialogue isnt even ideology-specific (evil races say the same things as good races in the same situations). Every time I played Galciv2, I'd find the AI saying something new that I've never seen them say. But right now, this game could use a lot more dialogue. It's such an easy thing to add in too, I really hope they diversify the AI musings a bit. Even if they just copied the text from the previous game, it would be something.And finally, this freezing, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ The constant freezing is literally Hitler, pls fix. Sounds like its a problem for everyone, too.Other then those issues, terrific game, 9/10. I can't wait for expansions."
76561198003722545,Recommended,226860,34910852,Posted: 12 September,all,Rainey84,Great game that keeps receiving excellent updates.
76561198047341067,Recommended,226860,19784503,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,shutupkristen,"If you liked the previous installments, you'll like this one. I love it!"
76561198062844578,Recommended,226860,21286971,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mourdeeb,"The gane is a fine tribute to it's predecessor.  New features like ship roles, Mining diffferent types of rare materials from asteroids,and planet bonuses and more, make it more interesting and fun than Galactic Civ. II.  Still some crash issues with the ship designer (they're working on it), but the game is great.  Totally recomend it!"
76561197996938973,Recommended,226860,28802093,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jacra ♛ B.U.Ç.O ♛,Awesome in depth gameplay mechanichs and detailed races. 8/10
,Recommended,226860,15829711,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Logicbomb,Fun 4x Space game. There is nothing drastically different about GC 3 compared to GC 2 that is a must have but it's the same good old fun.  No manual combat with the ships is one feature I still love.  The races feel more alive and have more personality then in the previous games. As with most 4X games they still seem to last too long for my liking.  I am not sure what a good fix would be but 10+ hours for 1 game is to long for me.  Overall great game and I recommend it!
76561198066508438,Recommended,226860,17607633,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,SQuarrels,"This is a great improvement upon an already good series. I am pleased with the graphics, design, and play of this game. My only gripe are the few glitches with battles that seem to be inconsistant. When watching a battle, sometimes the number of ships that are actually destroid is different from what the after battle screen shows. I hope a patch comes out to resolve this issue.Again, thanks for another great game!"
76561198044621252,Recommended,226860,17967435,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,txingchem,The Ship designer is so much fun!Need a fleet management system. Too difficult to manage so many individual ships in the late game.
76561198006651935,Recommended,226860,19128055,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,tomppb,Best 4X space game I have ever played hands down.
76561198032799333,Recommended,226860,19482203,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,cromagnon2003,"I like this game. I really do.I don't know if I'm lucky or not but up till now I didn't experience a single crash, all seems fine an stable. Furthermore the single turns resolve quickly, even on huge maps. If it's just my imagination, I don't know but it seems to me that the turns to resolve faster if you're zooming in. Maybe I'm just lucky.Sure there are many things which I would love to see improved but I'm quite positive that this game will improve in the near future.Things I would love to see improved:- Experince System for the ships- A sophicticated Trade system (I like that in ""StarDrive"")- Gouverneury that know what they're doing- A Battlescreen that makes sense (I lwould love a combat system like say ""Gratitous Space Battles"")- AI that builds Ships which make sense and which react a bit more realistically- The Possibility to tell Carriers what Fightercraft to carry-There are some more, let's say, minor issues which sadly make the difference between ""a good game"" and ""a real AWESOME"" game. Surely they're are no real gamebreakers, but honestly, I hoped for a bit more...Overall in my opinion this is a good game but sadly it's not awesome. Maybe after a few updates.I recommend this game for anyone who loves micromangement and 4x games. You really need to take your time with this game.Greetings from SwitzerlandRobert"
76561198063446473,Recommended,226860,19584955,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,simjanes2k,"Fantastic 4x, worthy of a purchase.  Do be warned that there are bugs and it's not perfectly optimized even after launch.  If you're looking for a flawless game, look elsewhere.  If you want to have a blast with the latest and greatest 4x, this is where you want to be."
,Recommended,226860,21253710,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"At first glance it doesn't look like much more than a GC2 remake.  In depth play, however, will demonstrate 2 important things:#1 It is much more than simple graphical improvements....the AI ""Under the hood"" is VASTLY improved.  I try not to load saved games after a mistake (unless it was something I did unintentionally) and while I've had some 'close calls' on normal difficulty (i.e. the game plays as smart as it can, but doesn't *cheat* via extra recources etc..) but I have never been actually been beaten by the a.i. of any 4X game on normal diffiulty.....until now.To be fair, after a game or two, you will learn each of the races tactics, and be able to adapt to them.  I won't spoil it, but the Drengi on your first game can be horribly ruthless, until you figure out their strategy (1st game...it might be too late), but once you learn it they become easy to defend against....though they are still a &*^% annoying pain to counter invade.side note:  I've heard rumors that each game the AI will adapt to YOUR playstyle.  I cannot confirm or deny that because I tend to try something different each game so I don't think I've developed a pattern.  I also make custom races most of the time.#2:  Seemingly 'minor' improvements DRASTICALLY change the game.   As an example....gone are the 'incremental' improvements in the tech tree (particullarily for the weapons and defenses).  Each step requires some significant investment, but also provides significant advantage to its particular speciality.    Ensuring investments in tech are aligned with both your strategy, your galactic map situation, and the threats against you are more important than ever across the entire tech tree.  That is one of MANY examples.Overall def. worth the buy, especially if you pick it up on sale, like I did."
,Not Recommended,226860,15999542,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,RandomQ,"As a former player of Gal Civ I, i was expecting alot more from this game.For an AAA Price I expected way better graphics and game playThis game feels like a 10 year old game engine, with some updatesWaste of Money, this is a <19.99 gameCan I have my money back?"
76561198134951335,Not Recommended,226860,29383125,Posted: 20 January,all,spctm,"Skipping all the balance issues, bugs, game flow and variety of activity(or that lack of it) issues , I just want to talk about A.I.I never have a clue how can it be so hard to write a decent algorithm for optimizing a planet. Basicaly you just clutter buildings of the same type(so easy for OOP languages given the class hierarchy), and try to make buildings with more adjacency bounus more surrounded. For smaller planets you build special buildings that gives global benefits, such as shadow temple. When I first come to the game I felt the computer can do it so much better than a human player, the size of the planet hardly ever exceeds 15, you'll never get a combonatorial explosion. But apperently not so when they wrote the thing. I highly doubt the developers ever played the game themselve.Since no human player ever bother to make detailed calculation to decide building sequence,or exactly how much should a planet specialize, we just make very simple rules, such as ""one or two farm and one happiness building per planet and then build starbases around planets"", ""build astroid mines around the most specialized planets"" .  It's rumored that the computer will observe how humans play and learn from them, but I've never seen any of these basic and frequently needed and deployed tactics picked up by the A.I.   Of course, this is sorta high-end , less cost-efficient to actuallize than to talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about.The recent patch finally weans the a.i off that stupid zero ship maintainance bounus( which basically made this game's early launch tragic) but really that's it. A player 20 hr into the game can easily specialize a precursor world to produce some 300-500 research close to mid game, but I hardly ever see that achieved by a.i. , it probably wont even adapt it's research queue to make precursor world more productive, nor would they prioritize ceasing and protecting these powerhouse worlds in war or the anticipation thereof.The a.i. also doesn't seem to show trace of any mechanism to decide what to do actively(what to prioitize, how to realize; what to anticipate, how to prepare.etc.).These are just left to  very unpolished and unpractical characterization, i.e. declare war on different ideology,  I'm a dregin so I'm going to war even if I got a really bad start in the colonization phase, or just mechanically protesting if ppl are bring forces near border.In summary, I feel like playing with plants, not intelligence.Please learn to play and enjoy the game you develop, if you dont like it dont write it, if you like it, come up with a better algorithm, we players are not even expecting anything than being decent."
76561198009047328,Recommended,226860,15880244,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,truely1ofakind,"Overall I have to recommend this game.  A lot of the game play mechanics are the same as Gal Civ II but there are some upgrades. (Graphics, interface, less tedious governance of colonies.) There are still a few bugs in the game but just as any other they will probably be smoothed out within a few patches."
76561198178210421,Recommended,226860,29000493,Posted: 4 January,all,teodor610,"I love complicated strategy games, and that's what this game is."
76561198006574582,Recommended,226860,32274398,Posted: 8 June,all,aapep1976,Awesome game
76561198026808327,Recommended,226860,34613702,Posted: 30 August,all,mlavis49,4X space type game with a good amount of diversity between races.  Custom ship design can be fun. Victory on harder levels seems based on as much luck on finding good planets and there location as skill in playing.4 out of 5
76561198038094525,Not Recommended,226860,12181651,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,pa23kings,"Do not bother getting the beta version at this time very few options work and if this is the graphics end  look then would not ever buy . Has crashed on me everytime I have played it so far. Planet build is such a way that you have to delete previously built to continue game or it just keeps saying idle planet, unbelievable, I should have waited to the end game is finished ans then waited for the reviews to see how good it is."
76561198040722125,Not Recommended,226860,31558454,Posted: 5 May,all,Remorhaz,"I am a newbee, but liked how the game appears and works, until I got to the space combat.  What happend?"
76561198010708806,Recommended,226860,16969568,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ChuKoe,"It's pretty fun, but still needs a great deal of polish.A lot of descriptions make no sense and many descriptions need much more detail.Balance is in dire need.The AI isn't .. well the AI is plain dumb.It's very difficult to play this game on the largest maps because the UI is not very well thought out for trying to manage large empires (looking at you starbases)."
76561198001229727,Not Recommended,226860,29433407,Posted: 22 January,all,Baptisia (Bap-te-ze-A),"I am at 62 hours with this game and can't decide if I love or absolutely hate it. The keyboard has been abused several times and I am almost ready to see if I can still get a refund. First of all, the game has an absolutely horrible learning curve. To make things worse, the manual is a joke and the tuturial is laughable. This is a complex game that you will have to learn the hard way, much like SIns. It may be premature, but I cannot recommend this game to anyone but the most zealous of strategy gamers, and even you will be tested. The AI is good and sneaky and will fight back effectively. The graphics are good and the humor in the in-game messages is very funny. BUT....damn ole mighty, you will fight this game just to learn all the things that should have been in the manual. Bad words will be said. Games will be lost repeadly. The keyboard will likely not be working by the end. I suspect my refund window has already passed and I'll likely try the game again, but dammit Devs, you are not making your custumers happy with your half♥♥♥♥♥manuals and tuturials. Seriously, I put food on your table last week. Next game, hire an intern just to write a manual."
76561198080879486,Recommended,226860,33209317,Posted: 3 July,all,ThorHammerz,"Decent game as far as a ""base game"" goes in the GrandStrategy/4x genre (case in point: Civ 5 Vanilla & Civ:BE Vanilla... need I say more? Those games also cost (at least)  twice as much on launch compared to this game)."
76561197970466397,Recommended,226860,19536693,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Monty,"Very good game,needs work on the AI to make it harder so they fight one another more to make it more random..."
,Recommended,226860,24437458,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Mouria,"Combining Grand-strategy with the final frontier, GC III provides the player with an opportunity to be immersed in their galactic ambitions. Grand-strategy on a truly grand scale."
76561198020821125,Not Recommended,226860,25648860,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Major Rawne,"Game, although promising in the inital phase, makes an unfinished impression. The accumlating complexity of your empire leaves you with an increasingly tedious load of micromanagement at your hand.In the face of that the laughable Price of 20 Europe for each Content Pack and 5 Euro for a DLC mimics a bad joke rather than a serious offer and robbs the game of competitive prowess compared to similar games like Stellaris.Despite some amazingly done ideas, as a whole definitely not recommendable."
76561198142538476,Not Recommended,226860,33292522,Posted: 5 July,all,Retro_Games,"I bought this game on sale and would not recommend buying this at full price.The depth of game play seems very shallow. The exceptions to this are perhaps the ship designer feature.Map and civilisation creation are somewhat interesting, but fairly standard fare.The range of resources to gather does add some interest on the options these open up.Unless I am missing something, combat is automated and executed rather poorly.Opponent AI seems non existent or fairly limited.The scenarios all seem fairly boring, with some pointless plot and very little variety. The only interesting thing I saw was a supposed Space Monster.The overall game play is so-so and you can certainly while away a few hours. I bought the pack with the Crusade expansion, so I can't comment on the state of the base game.Hopefully some future expansions might improve the gameplay and content, so watch this space.The steam ratings are too limited. I would give this a 60%, but only for the discounted pack including the expansions."
76561198061376160,Not Recommended,226860,22877032,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Unholysinz,if it wasnt for the battles being auto it would of been a great game
76561198242242260,Recommended,226860,25214735,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,9 grillimeter,Awesome
76561198039083669,Recommended,226860,19438823,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ATTILA,I liked the game very much but i wished if they put DLC of more human campaines or longer campains. and maybe if we can see the ground battles and if we can see the planet with building in 3D that is a must
76561198049728801,Recommended,226860,23339419,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ikanna,Good Game
76561198009653062,Recommended,226860,23656937,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,khbrick,"This is a very good game. I only wished they would do more for the Planet Invasion scenes. Like how they did in the first Galactic Civilization game. I mean, you have to build up your forces and learn all these technologies to begin to invade a palnet and when you do it like.... click.... you either get ""Victory"" or ""defeat"". With the graphical cutscenes when doing space battles it would be great to see a Planet Invasion cutscene. I think that would add to the game. It will give the player something more to look forward to. Thanks,"
76561197962654612,Not Recommended,226860,25536313,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Eggnog,"There are many problems with this game and many misconceptions.  On top of that the game code is still bad.  I've played about 50 games and have still not been able to complete one due to the ""wait"" bug.  You end your turn and give the computer their chance to execute its turns and instead, the game just gets stuck on wait.  There is no fix, just save the game and reload.  But the exact same thing can happen again.Despite quite a list of ways to win this game, they are all basically futile as the game basically forces you down the military victory path.  The game itself has 3 ages:  expansion, war, ascension.  And you can pretty much guarantee that when the age of war comes around, you will be declared war on by at least 2 of the 3 major races.  Diplomacy in this game is about slowing the declaration of war against you, not stopping it.Now that you know the game is going to declare war on you at a set interval, you now have to research technology essential to your military survival by a certain turn count.  This means your tech tree is just a ""build order"" mini game.Rather than a versatile 4x game that can test your skills and abilities and different win variants and methods of play, you end up with game that forces you narrowly down a gauntlet repeatedly time after time the same way every time."
76561197984597808,Recommended,226860,23518594,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Lord Uberspaz,.
76561198017330924,Recommended,226860,23638655,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Tiberius,Good game in the Masters of Orion type of management builder style...
,Not Recommended,226860,24080925,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Manthrottle Beefdeath,"They turned this game into a DLC delivery device.If you have GalCiv2, avoid this."
,Recommended,226860,24985293,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,McGunner,"A must buy, You may not want to pay the full price, but don't miss this game if you are into Turnbase strategy games. The game has a story which most Turn based Strategy games lack.Depending on your perspective, the vast field of choices presented to structure your gameplan might be a good or a bad thing. But it is much harder than similar titles to optimize a gamplay, if it is possible."
76561198012214623,Recommended,226860,21334115,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,nemian,"OK.I would buy this game again, but only because I enjoy the genre.We want to be absorbed by the worlds and galaxies we are in, this is just a little bit on the cold/sterile side of the fence. I suspect the company may have lost some of their more creative characters over the last few years and the remaining staff are competent but perhaps lack some freedoms.There needs to be more work regarding balances in the game, one assumes they will adjust with feedback.I stopped playing some months ago but the crashing i"
76561198030773396,Recommended,226860,21344540,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,stripe7,"I know it plays similarly to Gal Civ II but it is bigger and better. I like playing on the insane sized maps and finding new stuff to blow up. The 1.6 patch has changed the distribution of resources somewhat, less Durantium more Promethium and Anti-matter. I don't know about the Merc DLC, not very interested in that expansion probaby get it down the line in 8-12 months. Get the Precursor worlds DLC, loads of interesting new planets and better anomalies. They need to vary the fleets in there, prior to the 1.6 patch (I have not run into one of the anomalies yet after the patch) the protective fleet were always the same, just get good shields and you could beat them, be better if it varies."
76561198044722556,Not Recommended,226860,25492620,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,scav,"Buy ◄╠═════════▓══╣► WaitIf You loved Galactic Civilizations II you may be[unlock verb for 99 cent]by this successor.Buy [review-DLC: reasons] to get a detailed explanation.If you buy [review-DLC: reasons] and pre-order [review-expansion: examples] you can get a huge discount on  unlocking the bonus material [verbs] and [profanity].Here's my base review for Galactic Civilizations IIIThe base game [currently 39.99€] Galactic Civilizations III is working as advertised. It looks better. Uncomfortable User Interface will make you wish for a smooth mousepad surface.Misleading / Bad / Wrong tech descriptions will make you check external sources.Was it worth it? - I dont think so. Is it fun? - 140 hours in so far - Mostly Yes.Feelings: Feels like a whole game was cut into pieces.Options are nice but it's[unlock profanity]confusing with all the DLC.The Gold Bundle - Gotta be[unlock profanity for only 99 cent]kidding.HELL No - The Only DLC i'd pay for right now, would be a rework of that incoherent[unlock profanity]interface.Mercenaries Expansion basically has a new mechanic/feature and new designs for 20€ while coupling those with unlocking 2 of the races that were available in GC2. This feels like a cheap shot at nostalgia and Stardock lose some approval for that.It's Sep. 2016  - I would like to recommend buying this game - but wait until it is finished or on sale."
76561197974922845,Recommended,226860,26154130,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Bubba McBubba,I love this game.  I like playing some games solo and this one in my opinion has a great solo experience.  If you like hard games set it that way if you like just having fun there's a setting for that as well.  Too me it's the equivalant of Civilization only in outer space.  It's also well worth the $39.99 price tag.  I've been a gamer for over a two decades and Galactic Civilazation has become on of my all time favorites.
76561198135497107,Not Recommended,226860,32972231,Posted: 28 June,all,BatS***Crazy,"I hate to say it but I really didn't like this game. Sorry Stardoc.I played Dread Lords and in comparison this game feels very restrictive. Not only are some races (Including the Torians who were my favorite) only playable with DLC, a large portion of all the fun aspects of the previous game weren't in this one.The Tech tree was also significantly changed, and although change is sometimes good, the changes made seemingly increased the research time of all tech, removed multiple pieces of tech, and forced you to research for multiple turns an almost unrelated technology.The large expansion to ship building was nice, but I feel stardoc crossed the 'too much freedom' line. All of the options became intimidating and confusing and there weren't enough controls implemented to make the creation easier. I know that I could use the workshop to use another creation but people like me who really enjoy the racial element most likely won't find a ship that matches the style they were going for with their race.Also the addition of resources mined and extracted in space made the construction of ships many times harder. Now this could bring me to the governing system which also needed work. However my difficulty finding an equilibrium between researching the unusually long tech projects, constructing the ships with odd resources, and keeping the social projects on my planet from crashing and burning (Not actually what happens) might just be me or requires more irl skill.If any of these problems are solvable let me know Stardoc. It's too late for a refund so I've crossed the ""the response to everything should be F*** it"" line. soooooo...... F*** it!"
76561198082586801,Recommended,226860,19096867,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,ThisIsNotHere,"I used to have a job, and a family. Now, I don't! Thanks, GC3!"
76561198067016322,Recommended,226860,21308118,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Lornair,Great Game! Cant wait to try the new DLC!
76561198019908110,Recommended,226860,23575312,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,UGH,Great Game!
76561198019418637,Recommended,226860,25173609,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dark Storm,"Good game, similar to Gal Civ 2 but more update with a few new races and better graphics, only downside is the overall lack of campaigns, the ones that exist are good but I prefer campaigns over multiplayers and npc battles"
76561197972738236,Not Recommended,226860,25408135,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ctusmarsius,"Great for people with infinite time who'd really love to dive into a complex but ultimately pointless game.Not so great for anyone else, such as those who would love to see a game in this genre with a strong story, immersive graphics, or player involvement that's more exciting than being an accountant.The campaign, at a mere 3 missions, is unforgivably short, and it is a real missed opportunity to turn the beautifully complex game engine into something meaningful and engrossing. I'm not sure what Stardock has against campaigns in their games, but to me, single-player story is the main reason to play a game. It's fun to escape to and get drawn up in another world for a while. It's not fun to click and be bored for a few hours, then be left with not even a few fond memories to show for it.I tried and didn't particularly care for Gal Civ II, but I thought I would give III a chance anyway -- surely they made some improvements, eh? Nope. Same boring game. Slightly more polished graphics. What should be the most climactic parts of the game -- epic space battles -- are still rather akin to watching football games after the season is over. You know the outcome of every battle before it starts, and they're not that visually impressive to watch, so what's the point? Limited fleet sizes also contribute to this problem, as most battles have only a handful of ships.To some degree the game does appeal to my OCD side, in that Stardock grants you the opportunity to control every last detail. But without some grand goal to strive for, sinking your time into doing so feels pointless. It doesn't help that you're almost entirely on your own in terms of learning the game. The tutorial is essentially just another map with a few videos to explain the basic controls that are easy enough to figure out anyway. The game does not attempt to clarify what precisely the dozens of different modifiers for the 4X axes do, so turning to the manual or Googling everything is mandatory.I'll give Stardock kudos for writing really-quite-funny text for most things in the game, but since everything humorous or fun is plopped unceremoniously onto the screen amidst the grind of remembering what planet to go manage next, and since nothing ever alters the pacing of the mind-numbingly even, persistent, calming background music, everything that would otherwise make the game charming or interesting falls rather flat. Relax. You're a Galactic Civilizations III player now. You have nothing else to do and nowhere else to be. Go ahead and click Turn. Don't listen to that screaming voice inside your head begging you to quit and do something more meaningful with your life that you'll remember tomorrow. Go ahead and choose your research again, even though you've made this same choice at some point in every game. Maybe the next turn is when something cool will happen.The fact that this game managed to replicate all the boredom but none of the fun of Civilization V in space aside, it's also somewhat buggy. I've twice had it crash, once when loading an autosave, and again after a campaign mission ended due to victory. It really makes itself hard to recommend. The intricate game engine clearly required a lot of craftsmanship, but I don't think they built enough on top of it to make this game worthwhile."
,Not Recommended,226860,25580551,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,adgo,"No matter what you do, every race that can declare war on you, will, all the time. Ideology doesn't much matter, tech doesn't matter, diplomacy doesn't matter. There's no 4x here."
76561198041347158,Recommended,226860,25681355,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,pyroknight3050,"As a fan of the previous games, I enjoy this game a lot. While I won't say its strictly superior to the previos version, it does have some nice new features and a lot of DLC content available for it."
76561198124001351,Recommended,226860,25776365,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Horatius,I love strategy games and Galactic Civilizations 3 is briliant. I love the exporation with the thrill of finding a new planet. Each choice has a real impact on every game making for near infinate replayability. The planet development and building adjacentcy bonuses make every planet unique. Last the ship design while very easy to do is very rewarding in not only asthetic but how it affects gmaplay in major ways. This game makes me feel as if each game is new and exciting as the sheer amount of costomization involved and the planet generation is never the same game to game!
76561198055343015,Not Recommended,226860,31587232,Posted: 6 May,all,The Illusive Gay,"Really no depth, get Stellaris instead."
,Recommended,226860,21332415,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Jamaskas,Not a bad game it gives you a fue hours of enjoyment followed by a fue hours of frustration.
76561198041284105,Recommended,226860,23652049,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,mnbfirebird,"Fun, massive game."
76561198030249365,Recommended,226860,24398730,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,blkglove,"I think its a good game, but without spending money the long playability isnt there."
,Recommended,226860,14255498,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Frank Castle,"Addicting, enough unlike the last to be new but still clings to the core features. Still in early Access but it is already showing polish to many of its features."
,Not Recommended,226860,29360780,Posted: 19 January,all,Raysie,I wish i had never bought it. Its a DLC fest and not any better than Galciv2.Dont bother.
76561197997988197,Recommended,226860,34296503,Posted: 16 August,all,gavarino,Great balance and you can make whatever instance you want.  Perhaps a little crashy.
76561198027585664,Not Recommended,226860,35172526,Posted: 23 September,all,RagnorIronclad,"Quite an enjoyable 4X space strategy game.  Ship customisation is excellent, not only in terms of functionality but being able to completely alter the looks of your ships is something I haven't seen in other games.Different races are varied so that gameplay feels different between races and tech choices feel like they are meaningful.Co-op multiplayer is quite frustrating with the lack of simultaneous turns resulting in long, frustrating wait times.Unfortunately, I have yet to finish a game due to updates breaking all previous save games.  If you are able to put in tens of hours per week or only play on very small maps then it may be fine, but playing a large map with friends over weeks/months and you're in for disappointment.  This combined with the time wasted waiting between turns it's pretty much killed any urge to try again."
76561197962599660,Recommended,226860,35493079,Posted: 5 October,all,Lt Cmdr Dota,+
76561198328550169,Recommended,226860,28212052,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Frank Dux,"GC3 is a neat game to play, but the stories you can unwillingly create are even greater. Allying with all of the biological races in the galaxy to stop murderous robots more powerful than all other races combined is an experience I'll never forget. That said, the game can be unnecessarily complex at first and lot's of the cool content is in the DLCs. Definitely a worthy purchase whenever it's on sale."
76561197986341015,Recommended,226860,28239363,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Figgie,"Totally Immersive, like football manager for Star Trek fans! Grab a case of beer, find a comfortable chair and enjoy hours edge of your seat action (in an Turn Based Manner)"
,Recommended,226860,33794894,Posted: 25 July,all,Mystik_Muzik,"I have played Galactic Civilizations since it's conception as the original ""Galactic Civilizations"". It has always been one of my favorite turn based strategy games. Some of it's highlights that I have adored are it's incredibly indepth lore, colorful selection of races and cultures, and it's karma system. I can say that the game has only improved with every entry; however I am dissapointed with the microtransaction DLC, and the removal of some of the original races in favor of more DLC. Returning fans may be dissapointed to find the Torian Confederation and the (I can't remember the name of the yellow monkeys, will edit later). However the game overall is quite enjoyable and I highly recommend it!Pros:- Indepth Lore- Improved on every release (as a franchise whole)- Customize your own ships and race- Various victory conditions and stellar gameplay- Excellent Diplomatic interactions- Karma systemCons:- Some of the classic races have been removed and become DLC- Microtransaction DLC up the wazoo for a game like this"
76561198198662449,Recommended,226860,34059089,Posted: 6 August,all,samkat,I Like it a lot. Just started playing.
76561198202723762,Recommended,226860,34164733,Posted: 11 August,all,thiefcom,Great game
,Recommended,226860,34182023,Posted: 11 August,all,Com|C,"If you like 4X you will like this game. If you don't, you wont."
76561198074311996,Recommended,226860,28320304,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,nsabatka91,Fantastic game! Booted and played for the first time in over a year this last week and was very pleased to find many great improvements had been made to the UI. There is room for improvement still and I look forward to seeing continued support for a great product. I will definitely be purchasing the DLC.
,Recommended,226860,34159643,Posted: 10 August,all,aaron.kurtzhals,"The best part of Galactic Civilizations III is that it keeps getting better! Stardock has a proven track record of improving their games over time.The citizens feature in the crusade expansion gives chocies without locking you in. Every 10 turns when you get a citizen, you have to make an interesting choice about how specifically you want to boost your empire."
76561198049854822,Not Recommended,226860,28320795,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,dyoung9311,"Purchased this game thinking Civ in space.  Similar in city growth, tech trees, random discoveries, etc.  Very close to the actual game ... until you encounter your first alien race and discover that on the 6th (enter random number here) turn when you've just started to get your main colony underway and you're looking for a great second planet to start, they already have 7 planets and a massive load of tech and military ships you don't have.  God help you if they are at all warlike ... and they most likely are.  Played several games with varying differences in size of galaxy and number of opponents, computer AI, etc. and each time, invariably, I would always encounter alien races that seemed to get a massive boost in their starting position over mine.  I enjoy a challenging game that ramps up the difficulty as you select harder difficulty levels, but this is ridiculously hard especially considering I play on normal level."
,Recommended,226860,29260326,Posted: 14 January,all,grussings,Excellent 4x game.  Kept the traditions of gal civ and made even better.  Best of all the developer is always improving the performance of the game.  That's Stardock for you.
76561198017487475,Not Recommended,226860,32746959,Posted: 24 June,all,RampageCrumpet,"I really can't reccomend this game. It's chock full of bugs that completely stop progress and has a hard crash every couple of hours and what you get out of the box is pretty lackluster. Galactic Civilizations 3 has a ton of options for including player designed ships, starbases and custom portraits with the idea in mind that you can create custom races but the selection of traits for custom races is lackluster."
76561198354990212,Recommended,226860,33546783,Posted: 14 July,all,sgtennen,"It's a good game. it dose glitch from time to time causing me to have to log out and back in. I'm not sure if it's the game or my i3 cpu. other then that its good, fun game if you're into stratigy."
76561198019728697,Recommended,226860,34382536,Posted: 20 August,all,19delta,"As with the second game, I love it!!!  the ship building is even better than before. I rather like the relics and elements to mine. Honestly the only complaint I could have is the tech seems rather slow. in the second one I could getmy research centers up enough even in the later tech it didn't take forever. Ihaven't figured out the trick in this one yet."
,Recommended,226860,35456989,Posted: 3 October,all,Shaxino,"One of the best 4x strategy game I have ever played ... and I have played a lot of different 4x games over the past 20 years.The game was great to start with, but since release the game is constantly improving and new features are still coming in.For me, the killer feature of this game is the really good AI. Compared to all other current 4x games, this game has by far the best AI. A good AI is really important, but sadly underestimeted, which is why most other 4x games have a really stupid AI which is easily exploited in various ways. Usually the AI compensates its stupidity by insane cheats. But not so in Galactic Civilizations III, here the AI is actually quite smart and really fun to play with. I wish more games would focus on AI like this.Also, I like the fact that Brad Wardell (the founder and CEO of Stardock) has personally put a lot of programming hours into the game, showing his love and commitment for the game. And this guy really made a difference since he joined the team, increasing the performance of the game, improving the AI and also some nice game design choices.For the full experience, I can also recommend both of the expansion packs and at least the mega events DLC :)"
76561198019157313,Recommended,226860,33151926,Posted: 2 July,all,therealbonerman,"Having played GC2, I was familiar with the gameplay, and I must say, this version is challenging, and fun. And the HOURS you will spend are very enjoyable. Very well-balanced play. My only complaint is the hemorrhoid I got from too much sitting.  Enjoy!"
76561198050908047,Recommended,226860,33842187,Posted: 27 July,all,eyeinmyhand,"I love this game! If you like Civ then I am sure you would like this too. Lots of tecs and cool space battles. The ship and civ customizer is awesome!A few things could be changed to make the game better...-Civ and Event pop ups on your turn can be annoying-Some of the dialog reactions with other civs could be changed-Put more generic civ portraits and videos for custom civsOtherwise, this is a AAA game! Look for it when it is on sale. I think I paid $20 for the whole package."
76561198007317366,Recommended,226860,34047658,Posted: 5 August,all,Michael Hubbard,Terrific game. Lots of depth.
76561198093223547,Recommended,226860,33720013,Posted: 22 July,all,cliffordjensen32,Very nice game
76561198008257420,Not Recommended,226860,29752955,Posted: 6 February,all,s_ferg,"Fairly disappointing so far.. limited noticable improvements compared to GC2, but only 6 hours in."
76561198318830395,Recommended,226860,28114669,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Miruna,"Nice galactic strategy game . Has huge maps, very mixed tree to research , you can create your own ships, and different things to discover across the galaxy."
,Recommended,226860,29597524,Posted: 30 January,all,Löwe (P-NUT),"I came here and posted this because the game told me to, now you're my dad."
76561198055436377,Not Recommended,226860,21269389,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,J03L,"I enjoy grand strategy games, I enjoyed this one very much, on my first playthrough. Then the frustration and anger came! Why did they give me the tools to create custom races and ships but then neglect to add the button that combines the two?  I've seen how it's done.  You can do it yourself, if you take hours and hours to go through the game's code and actually force the game to acknowledge the ships that you've added. They could have scripted the option to create a custom fleet, themselves, without too much extra effort. If I do all that coding for them, in order to enjoy their game and partake of it's replayability, then I will have ruined the fun. Please finish your game Stardock, and realize it's potential. I find it maddening that you're releasing DLC, when the custom ships and custom races still can't be combined. OMG! Has nobody on the development team noticed the irony, here?  Can't see the forest for the trees? K THX BYE"
76561198017488306,Not Recommended,226860,20283020,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,raef90,"Well, to keep this brief. If you're familiar with Gal Civ II and Dread Lords then you are well aware that there is no flexibility for play styles because of the lack of AI variability. So don't plan on economic gains, don't try to out research, don't think about out influencing or going isolationist. You need to go flat manufacturing and military production or you cannot keep up. Everything that irritated me in it's prior incarnations they have made even more glaring in this edition. It is a real shame that with so few 4X space strategy games exist, it would be nice to have a comprehensive one that doesn't put you to sleep like MoO3 did. Maybe I'll play a few more rounds of Star Drive."
76561198015216311,Recommended,226860,34636817,Posted: 31 August,all,pinrut,There's a hidden black hole at the center of every map sucking up your free time.
,Not Recommended,226860,16102483,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,DD,"""This is the way we CTD, CTD, CTD...This is the way we CTD every freakin' game...""I should have known better than to buy a Stardock game before at least two patches are released.  Uninstalling until they get past beta release level."
76561197968232663,Not Recommended,226860,18795049,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,EmpireEnd,Changing of core mechanic after release that breakes save games that have a lot of time sunk into them.
,Recommended,226860,21279356,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,IDTia,"Pretty great game, I played Gciv2 when I was younger, and I binged on it again before deciding to buy number 3.Took me a while to fully adjust myself to it, but it's pretty good.They changed the leaders around a bit, Yor still look as awesome as before with their new bodies, Terrans leader is so much better looking the previous one in the steam version.Alterians look weird and dislikeable as usual, even more so now.Kyrnn looks ugly now though, and I dislike how hostile they are, as compared to being neutral in the second game.I can't quite get a grasp on trade routes, being used to simply sending a ship to another planet and then getting money.I hope they continue to add more of the old races."
76561198030930923,Recommended,226860,21912873,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,jurowe,If you like the Civ series and Science Fiction you will like this game.
76561198027307470,Not Recommended,226860,25676617,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Panzershrek,The game crashes a lot. This is very frustrating.
,Not Recommended,226860,16633430,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,joey lamemo,"I played this game for 6 hours straight, and I still don't know what I'm Doing"
76561198052565740,Recommended,226860,21324473,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,mejltillmats,"Like:* The diplomatic system and the ideology ""trees""* The resource system and the starbase functions* The planetary 'slots' and it's development in slots, population etc* The large technology tree* The awesome shipbuilding* The sometimes dark humor in the happenings/diplomatic textsCould be better:* The race perks. Most of them aren't really making much difference, not stats-wise and not in making the race unique. There are too few (most races have the same it seems) and most only add a minor stat-bonus. More races wouldn't hurt either.* The battles. Although I like the way the battle looks, I would like to have a bit more control over them. Not necessarily implementing tactical battles (although it would solve the problem) but at least give me some opportunities to make a difference as a player.* I want fleet leaders and planet rulers. Politicians, generals, scientists, heroes - you name it. As with the race perks, don't make them just ""add a minor bonus""-feature (although it could be used as a filling).* More planet perks.* The starbases, as fun as they are, would make more sense if they could somehow block or at least hamper an enemy fleet from just passing through their territory. Some player-unique variants of bases would be fun too.* Where are the espionage and sabotage options??* Where are the cybernetic and genetic evolution options?* Ground battle should be evolved. At least to the point where there is any strategic value in actually building 'resistance' buildings. Walkers, tanks, hovercrafts etc, perhaps even better handguns. And a system to handle it.* Strategic weapons would be fun. There's nothing like actually aiming a missile/death ray towards a planet/fleet on the strategical map. No overusing them, mind you, just having the option once in a while or after extensive research.* More technology. Yeah, I know, there is a lot already but there can always be more... Ways to exploit asteroids or 'tame' wormholes for an example, or to construct artificial moons. (there might be already, I haven't played the game 100% yet)."
,Not Recommended,226860,31710234,Posted: 12 May,all,NothingSuS,Any one who buys the crusaders dlc go ♥♥♥♥ ur self allowing companies to do this♥♥♥♥♥♥sell you 50% of a game then the rest in dlc for rip off prices. I am boycotting stardock from this point on and any triple A company that does this I don't care if I never buy another game that isnt from an indie developer or pirated.Stardocks should be ashamed for this crap I hope you go broke and you all lose your jobsThe ability to create custom looking ships is not enough to make up for the money grabbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of this game. This is almost as bad as Total War Warhammer sells you a game doesnt add a main race like chaos in that will be 8 dollars thanks oh you want blood you will have to pay for itI keep adding to this as I believe it is helpful to point out the money grabbing behavour of companies that lock main story lines/ key races behind pay to have dlc this is not an opinion it is a fact I am not trying to change your views but any one who pays an extra 30 dollars for something that should have been part of the game from day 1 you're the cause of this and next time it will proably be first day dlc.
76561197998659068,Recommended,226860,21912424,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,commanderdad10,"Great challenge, not beaten yet.  WOULD LIKE A MORE INDEPTH WALKTHROUGH."
,Not Recommended,226860,28398910,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,LiableDK,I do not recommend this game and this is whyThe AI is the worst i have seen sence The Battle for Middle earth 2 it is so dumb that it can't even understand when its lossing a war and will lead it's self to bankruptcy to build up a military.The ranking for civilizations is based off who has the most in selective areas like wealth or tech but there is no point to this because if your first in military your first or close to it.The only thing i liked about the game was the steam workshop downloads.
76561198004167126,Recommended,226860,21889573,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,TheCardGame,My favourite in the whole genre.
,Recommended,226860,24596484,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,TheAngryMelon,- New game- Decide you want to try a peaceful playthrough- Spend two hours of careful empire building- Space monkeys declare war on nobody else but you- Start hastily building up military- Allies shun you for building warships- Get steamrolled by space monkeys.
76561198036036983,Recommended,226860,26924763,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gaius Marius,Awesume follow up to GCII. Devs really shine on this title.
76561198032080014,Recommended,226860,29615733,Posted: 31 January,all,Moragnog,"Fun game to play and learn, ship combats a little odd but its fun to design them! If you like big maps this is for you."
76561198097713135,Recommended,226860,29529071,Posted: 27 January,all,TheGuy42,"I've got about 60 hours in this game and overall it's not bad, although it gets very, very, very dull after the first 100 turns or so. Certainly worth a shot, although other games like Stellaris do the whole space-4x genre way better."
76561198032193189,Not Recommended,226860,18783367,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,DeJuanNOnley,"This is an incomplete game! I have been a huge fan of this series. I purchased the original on the day of its release (and wound up buying it twice more packaged with other games). GalCiv2 was amazing on many levels. Along comes Galactic Civilizations III. I waited to write this review until after the 1.4 mega update in the hopes they would fix the issues. I can't possibly list all of the flaws in this game, but here are some of the most annoying that fans of the previous games will be pulling their hair out over (I'm not talking about the wheel thing; that's just a matter of preference and I understand why some people hate the change, but it doesn't make the game unplayable like these do):1) NO CIVILIZATION MANAGERThis is the most glaring thing to disappear from the game. It would be fine if they had replaced it with SOMETHING! But no, they didn't. For those who don't know, this handy tool in GC2 gave you a quick overview of your empire. You could easily see which starbases needed upgrades, which colonies had empty tiles and defenses, and much, much more. It was absolutely ESSENTIAL to managing a large empire. Now we have nothing and the only way to find out this information is to manually cycle through all of your bases and colonies one by one. I can not possibly express enough how aggravating this is on a large map.2) Disappearing NotificationsMany notifications will disappear before you can read or respond to them. They also don't appear in the notifications tab so you can't go back and read them.3) Can't Request Custom ConstructorsDon't bother creating your own constructors (even though creating custom ships is one of the best parts of GC games) since you won't be able to call them for upgrading your starbases! If you use custom constructors, you will have to manually send each one to the base you want it to upgrade and keep track of how many you have sent to each base (or use rally points for every single starbase).3) No Search Function!!!One of the most useful features of GalCiv2 was the search option, especially on large maps. Now you can't search for anything. Not even your own resources!4) Must Manually Search Map For EVERYTHINGSomewhat related to the above issue, this goes beyond the missing search function. You may as well not bother with sensors in this game, because you are going to have visually search the map for things like untapped resources, even ones sitting right next to your colonies. To be fair, I always felt GC2 could have made it easier for you to locate resources (at least those in sensor range), but I never spent 20 minutes just trying to find an Econ resource (or relic as GC3 calls them). You also must manually search for uncolonized planets, and colonies owned by other civilizations. Information that is vital for expansion and during wartime. Why bother having sensors at all?!?!?5) No EspionageEspionage has been a part of international politics throughout history. It was also part of GC1 and GC2. But apparently all the species of the galaxy have decided they don't need to know anything about their neighbors. Why is this important? It is VITAL! Especially on the harder difficulty levels. Knowing which defenses and offenses to specialize in could make the difference between winning and losing to a superior opponent in the previous games. Now you have to manually send ships into their territory (thankfully they have added stealth technologies to the tech tree) and scan their fleets to learn this information.These and hundreds of similar little oversights make the game feel like it is still in pre-alpha stage.The graphics are decent. That's about all I can say good about this game. I wasted my money and my years of devotion to Stardock are officially over.Update: I just noticed that less than an hour ago a dev posted the schedule for future patches, claiming that in about a year most of the bugs should be fixed. So two years after the game is released they CLAIM they will have the major bugs worked out! That alone should tell you how low the level of quality control was with this release. Though, in my experience, the functionality they removed is a bigger problem than the bugs, and there seem to be no plans to fix most of the issues I mention in this review."
76561198030932081,Not Recommended,226860,19686697,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,davefollin,"No real difference between GC3 and GC2 might as well purchase the cheaper GC2. A much larger focus should have been put into how the planets are managed; the current simplicity aspect is annoying to true civ fans. Wormholes are one of the least enjoyable aspects of the game in that it's only purpose is to force player vessels to meet and greet other civs while removing surveyor ships from play. Another aspect of utter annoyance is the blocking factor of asteroids, worlds, starbases etc. The game is supposed to mimic space exploration and yet the game system is dominated by a 2D travel aspect. Guess what? if asteroids are in your direction of travel in space all you have to do is go up or down it's rather easy to escape an asteroid field in space especially since they conform to gravitational bands around the object they are orbiting and yet the spaceship, per typical sci-fiction capabilities, does not. This game should have been so much more especially with today’s computer power. It should have been a more modular game in that the player should have been allowed the type of play he/she would like to enjoy (such as more control over world management with smaller tiles and the ability to manipulate the planet builds more. Stacking of ships onto solid objects since space is 3D and the allowing the player to choose whether he/she wants to enter the object or not. An emphases on mining/utilizing all asteroids even dead worlds for mineral required resources (Oh, by the way current research is showing for as many worlds found around stars there should be 20% in deep space between the stars)). I will say that I enjoy the game about as much as the original GC2 but since there is little difference between the two I have am starting to get bored with GC3 already. There are a few better items, special resources, better A.I., improved diplomacy but for all its benefits, in my mind, they do not make up for the fact that there is little difference between GC2 and GC3 so for this reason alone I would inform anyone to wait three to four years when the game will be $10 before purchasing because it does not offer much more than GC2."
76561198064095582,Recommended,226860,28194068,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ljkern11,very addictive. great game play. love that it can be modded.
76561198032330358,Recommended,226860,29722029,Posted: 5 February,all,nazdoom,"I want to elaborate a good point, but i have to play one more turn....Seriuosly, this game is really good"
76561198005624022,Not Recommended,226860,16634332,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,sOme bOzo,"Seems to be the same game as the last two only bigger. Is it worth it for me to spend the time to see if there is any difference? Please comment if you think so, because I paid for it."
76561198053689998,Recommended,226860,25470852,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Terestrian,Customising ships is interesting and adds a whole extra dimmension to the game.
76561198064302947,Recommended,226860,26918006,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,muskrat4306-retail,"Good game and a fun way to waste a lot of time. Wished it was in real-time like Sins of a Solar Empire but other than that, a good game."
76561198080281478,Recommended,226860,28096821,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,mweyant,Fantastic 4x game for those who enjoy in-depth and immersive gameplay
,Recommended,226860,29655201,Posted: 2 February,all,rodgerliley,"Highly recommended.  I was first introduced to the GalCiv franchise with GalCiv I, but at the time, I didnt care much for the game mechanics and was totally engrossed by Total War early releases.  So I put Galactic Civilizations III onto my Steam wishlist and waited for a sale.   WOW!  What timing, just as v.2.0 was released and I cant tell you how much I'm enjoying this game.  The AI is much more challenging than before and the 'Ship Builder"" is worth the money just to play around making ship designs.  And not just cookie cutter plug and play like Master of Orion but each one unique and they show up in game combat just as designed.  There are a few details missing thatI would like to see and a few minor glitches, such as: I still have not found a way to recall a list of turn notifications, and some of the notifications stack and drop before I can read them.  But for the most part, this is a highly polished game with a lot to like."
,Recommended,226860,22888294,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Zenstrive,"This is a complex game of galactic conquest, that were so overwhelming to me at first I stumble upon my first playthrough. Expanding my starbases network, only to be decimated by the Drengin. Expanding my colonization efforst, only to have them swithced sides to Iridium. Getting chummy with the Altarian only to have them spit on my face all the time. Giving everyone money only to have them declares war on me.But soon I learn the ropes, and learn to optimize everything by maximizing my shipyards and starbases use. There are actually two powerful tools on this game: The government sliders and surprisingly the minor civlizations. Use them effectively and remember that you don't actually have to accumulate treasury all the times, that money is mostly there to be spent all the times.Using that principal, I optimize my latest game and began my peaceful conquest of the Galaxy, even tamed the Drengin. It is the Iridium that is getting angrier and angrier with me because we are constantly on a cold war of influence expanding, with me spamming culture starbases on the deep space covered by their influences.But in the end, I invaded some of their planets, and the rest of their planets, due to my influence, switch sides during the war, giving me Culture victory.It was a fun game.10/10 would play again. Hopefully no longer on Normal next time :)"
76561198011268398,Not Recommended,226860,35067354,Posted: 19 September,all,seron,"It is a real shame to ruin a realy good game with a realy stupid rule like the Starbase Administrators. Do you have a limit on how many Govenors for your planets. Do you have a limit on how many Admirals for your fleets. On a Galactic scale game like this, the insignificance of SA's, well since I have to be nice it's best to leave it here. You could at least make it optional choice, you do on just about everything else. If this was a part for my Car I would demand my Money Back."
76561197983191258,Not Recommended,226860,25136138,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Karl The Butcher Shitter,"I am thumbing this game down not because it's actually terrible (even though it is indeed very flawed), but out of protest towards the endless stream of DLC when Stardock could be making actual proper expansions instead. Instead of spending their time making meaningful expansions they are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out one DLC pack after another for 5 bucks each (this quickly adds up if you are going to buy many DLC packs), and thus even though it's been a long♥♥♥♥♥time since this game came out it still barely has any new features. This is unacceptable.Perhaps I MIGHT change my rating in the future if they actually start releasing new content that is actually worth a damn and address pre-exiting issues, but in the meantime I am giving this a thumbs down."
76561197993212751,Not Recommended,226860,33042665,Posted: 30 June,all,[[Citation Needed]],"I really can't recommend this game. I enjoyed GalCiv1 and really enjoyed GalCiv 2. In fact, I'd still be playing GC2 if an update hadn't toned down the aggressiveness of the evil civilizations.GC3 has some interesting ideas, but it doesn't feel like it has the same ""soul"" that GC2 has. It's just not as much fun.The game runs well, and I've only had one bug which occurred in a campaign, so no complaints there. Turn times can take a while in the later game, but I'm used to that these days. It gives me a chance to check my instant messages.I certainly don't care for all the DLC, much of which doesn't add a lot to the game, I feel.I've got 160 hours or so in it, so I guess I got my money's worth out of it, but it's not like Stellaris where I wish I had never played it, so I could play it again for the first time. YMMV and all that, but I wouldn't recommend this unless it was on sale."
,Not Recommended,226860,15889572,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,bugdacious,"I'm on the fence, but at this point, I'd put this on the ""skip"" list unless you're ok buying a ""gold"" game that plays like it's in later stages of early access.This feels like a reskin of GalCiv2, not a new version. Yes, there's some new bits and pieces to play with, but overall it's simply not different enough to really be compelling. There's a ton of issues that contribute to an overall lack of polish to the game. [edit] but given what happened to the X series, that's not necessarily a bad thing, it just means you may want to wait a bit[/edit]Good are the ideologies. Now ""good bad or neutral"" reallllly means something in how you develop your race. The resources give you a nice boost, but be careful about including too many parts that require specific resources on ships as you'll end up burning through them quickly.[edit]Good is the construction of shipyards in space, rather than as planet bound (tile consuming) resources. Better is the ability to have multiple planets within range contribute resources.[/edit]Probably good for multiplayer: Technology Ages... basically, the tech tree controls one level of unlocking, but you also need a certain overall level of tech researched in order to get to each tier, or ""age"". WIthout the lock, multiplayer could quickly become ""who can research [whatever ubertech] fastest"".Overall, there's just some really annoying issues (no particular order):1) the starship editor is somewhat nicer looking, but it is a pain to use. Getting it to attach something to the anchor point you want is a pain. Too often, it seems to highlight a completely different anchor point than the one your mouse is directly over. Then, selecting it is a tricky click fest because most of the time it zeroes on the biggest thing. It's like it is preferring to highlight the thing most rearward instead of ""closest"" to the user. I never had this issue with prior versions.2) For the fact that the game has a manual, it's still a lesson in mystery and trial and error with many options and commands. For example: what does Guard vs Sentry do? Guard doesn't guard at all apparently, it's more like ""sleep"" as far as I can tell. It's been a while, but I don't recall it working like that in GalCiv2.3) It's already getting old seeing other civs building stations in your space and there's basically nothing you can do about it without just going and blowing them up (War) or spending a LOT of money in diplomacy. You can 'conquer' their planets through influence, but starbases are stuck unless you unlock the right ideology benefit(And that's one time). This isn't helped by the apparent lack of fog of war for the AI. The first time you see them, they're coming to occupy resources in your zone of influence. Resources you don't even know about yet.4)[largely edited to elaborate] So far it seems like the difficulty levels need some tuning. Now it seems there's either ""no room at all for error early"" or ""the AI is dumber than a stump and passive beyond belief"" and ""Normal"" seems to be in the dumber than a stump category. Maybe that will go away over time, but it really can be discouraging to people who don't see potential for the game right away. It can also indicate that there's basically only one or two ways to reach each victory type. That stinks when you've got a nice custom race editor as it throws you into too much min/maxing. With further play, I've been able to mitigate this somewhat with custom races tuned for aggressiveness and expansion. It may be also mitigated by having more than one victory type active, but if you're going for the long haul conquest, that can be problematic too.5) 4Xs have to balance speed of play vs the impression of scope of the universe. On default settings on a medium map, speed of play seems rather slow. Too, too many turns of nothing to do.6) I'm not sure when ""Real"" diplomacy kicks in. The last option on the diplomacy menu has remained gray for me through two victories including one with a custom race where I put everything into research. I'll assume I've not researched the right techs. If so, diplomacy takes too much of a concerted effort to research.Edits from here:7) The map generator needs work. For instance... ""abundant"" really isn't and the way the configuration files work, it seems it can't be tuned it any higher for stars, asteroids seem to take up habitable planet slots rather than planet slots (tested that many times) , again messing with distributions, ""tight clusters"" isn't really reliable on the bigger maps as it often generates all the clusters right in a row and even on ""abundant"" still creates VAST areas of empty space. I mean sometimes well more than a 1/3 of the map is a single block of emptiness.8) Money still needs tuning. For example: cost of upgrading ships is too high.9) Repair? What's that? Until you unlock the techs that allow repair in combat, the best you can get is 5 points a turn without special faction abilities. No big deal for stub fighters, but it doesn't scale with larger vessel sizes. There really should at least be something that makes it a function of shipyard production."
76561198008706879,Not Recommended,226860,13531161,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,feckoffyoubam,I am a massive fan of the Gal Civ series and was delighted to pick this up.  Unfortunately it just isn't anywhere near stable enough for me.  I have twice attempted to get a game underway only for it to stall after half an hour or so.  I'm going to give up for now as don't want to get in a huff with a game I know I will love when working but just can't recommend this one in its current state.
,Recommended,226860,22596746,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,acrafter680,"Very great, but I would like to suggest a starbase designer as well."
76561198024210181,Not Recommended,226860,16592790,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tsuanli,"I really want to like this game but the current micromanagement is just too much for any sane human being.The problem lies within starbase building. Each starbase requires way too many constructor ships to be fully effective and you have to build and send them manually. There is a ""Request constructor"" button at the starbase screen but it only works for the default constructor model which is only useful at the beginning of the game. Later on you can build a custom constructor which can make 3+ upgrades at the same time but the ""request constructor"" button refuses to work with it unless constructor is already built.To make matters worse, starbases are required for pretty much everything...Do you have a colonized planet? You need a starbase to make it more efficient.Artifact floating in space? Starbase needed to utilize it.Resources floating in space? Starbase.Need larger culture area? Starbase.Can't reach certain spot because your ships can't go so far? Starbase.Need millitary support? Starbase.All that combined with zillion upgrades one starbase needs... 100 starbases * ~20 ships per starbase = Ah this damn micromanagement. Also.. whenever you get a new research there is a high chance that most of your starbases require YET ANOTHER UPGRADE. Keeping track of all of that and sending those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ships everywhere is just a pain in♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198082390989,Recommended,226860,13721817,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,William O'shaughnessy,"I like the game so far, but I can't get past turn 581."
,Recommended,226860,15870659,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Nirvana,Best 4x space game there is. End of. Love it.
76561198031336282,Recommended,226860,12270719,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Frayed knots no aint,"Gal Civ II was the best, this one will be too!  These guys know what they are doing."
76561198048558847,Recommended,226860,22723809,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Eckley,"There's a learning curve if you haven't played games like this, but it's worth it."
76561198027285349,Not Recommended,226860,15920072,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Jayp804,Its just an update of Galactic Civilizations. Wait until its on Sale for what it really worth.
,Recommended,226860,23093632,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,zambolianmonkey,"Love everything about this game. Not as much polish as something like Civ, but if you like turn based, 4x, space, anything this will be game you will come back to time and again."
,Recommended,226860,15834010,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,SsPpAaMm,"Still a bit unstable, keeps randomly CTD for no reason.  Good game otherwise, thank god for autosaves."
76561197977569267,Not Recommended,226860,16079298,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,endoric,"in all honesty... just play Galactic Civilizations 2.Maybe they will improve 3 but as of now its nothing new, wonderful or ground breaking."
76561197974463126,Recommended,226860,14605518,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Nax Rydan,A Whole lot of Fun!
76561198008194392,Not Recommended,226860,31641341,Posted: 9 May,all,NightshadeXL,"Crusade was supposed to be everything GalCiv needed.It wasn't. It made things worse.The game becomes nothing more than a 'Click next turn' simulator. the UI has gotten worse. It's impossible to rally ships together. Techs are in the hundreds and mean nothing other than a waste of time.I loved GalCiv 1 and 2. I was disapointed by 3 at launch and even more so now. It's impossible to even play the campaigns. The fleet hard caps make things so much harder when you are so far behind in tech level. You can just spam multiple fleets but the question becomes why.Planet management is atrocious. Even if you put a governor on it still harasses you that it's idle. To make it worse you are force locked out of buildings. Can't build a city for more pops because you need food. Ok, let's build a farm. Can't. Not allowed on this planet. Ok... Let's build a factory then. Can't, those buildings no longer exist. Removed in the expansion. All you can do is spam markets and if you select a governor then they spam entertainment centers even when you ahve 100% approval.Planet management sucks. Fleet management sucks. Go play Galciv2. Or better yet, go play Stellaris. It is miles above this. If I was Brad Wardell I would be playing this then playing GalCiv 1/2 and then playing the competitions games and asking myself 'Can't I do better?'. Yes Brad, yes you can. Why you don't is beyond me. It's even worse than Civ 5 and Endless Legends. Those had better mechanics.I just can't get over how bad this game is becoming. Who are they listening to? It surely isn't the players. Must be some small group of hardcores and they ignore everyone else."
76561198011913523,Not Recommended,226860,32118999,Posted: 1 June,all,killgorian,"Didn't seem to install properly as it can't find the correct path variable or some such♥♥♥♥♥♥ I tried editing the path as they instructed, tried re-installing, tried everything they said till my final option was to file a support ticket, but the truth is Im tired of fixing games I purchase on steam. I don't know if it's the game or steam but I honestly can't be bothered ♥♥♥♥ing around with a broke game all night. If you have more patience than I, by all means, give it a shot. I just want my money back."
76561198007430407,Not Recommended,226860,16011357,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Yoko Taro >= GOD,"Still in early access in some section (detail diplomatic menu with other faction is still greyout and cannot be click/use, only basic trade and very simple ally that function), which will be fixed in 'DLC'.Recommend to wait for complete edition or discount if you are hardcore space simulation like Distance World, etc.Still, the barebone version is still very addictive and enjoyable, if you do not want very deep diplomatic and prefer 'CIV V' gameplay, you will found this very enjoyable."
,Recommended,226860,13479463,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,"(V) (°,,°) (V) Veri","Whoa, what a tech tree... Never saw one that massive...Looks nice, keep up the work and please publish a ""finished"" game :)"
76561198028179961,Recommended,226860,13660254,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Tasos0079,"Having Played Galactic Civilizations II, I was very curious about this game. Although this game is still a beta, this product feels more polished than many other 4X titles out there in the market. In my opinion, this is how 4X games should be made. The user interface is very user friendly and the game runs smoothly without having to wait for ever for other factions to finish playing. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,226860,15897030,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,lyndonguitar,"Sequel to one of the best 4X space games ever. Gameplay is similar to Galciv 2 with some differences, such as hex grids. It uses 64-bit architecture to handle larger galaxy maps. Runs great on my system, graphics are decent but that's not that important in these kinds of games. played for around 30 hours so far, I play on fullscreen but the game feels like it's on borderless window because of how fast I can alt-tab, WHILE playing another game and surfing the net, surprisingly, no crashes yet for a new game of this complexity, that's just my experience though. I can't say the same for others.Missing some of the features of galciv 2, although I would say that this is because the game is still new and haven't benefited YET from additional post-release development time and expansion packs the previous game did. nevertheless, the game is still very enjoyable. A good game overall.8/10 Stardock does it again"
,Recommended,226860,16074348,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Feng,"Great 4X game with loads of customization!pros:- custom races (you can even add your own portraits + logos).- ship designer (put your own ships together with a wide variety of ship parts and modules).- diplomatic actions matter more than in other titles (imho).- good amount of customization of galaxies and game difficulty.- mod support.cons:- needs a good amount of RAM, I'm using 8 gig and it runs without a scratch but often slows down my system significant if I exit the game. (might be just me)- I'm not that impressed by the battle camera, it's either..""where's my ship?"" or ""it's so small"" maybe I'm just doing it wrong but there could be some improvements for the viewpoint."
,Not Recommended,226860,15921516,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,doran69,Crashes all the time while loading maps so completely unplayable for me
76561198012007191,Not Recommended,226860,16080316,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Brandon,"Yet another game with so much potential, but ultimately in the end, the bugs, the cheating AI, and other nonsense that comes with the game does not make for an enjoyable experience.   In another year, and 12 more patches, there might be enough game here to change my opinion, but I'm going to shelve it at this time."
,Recommended,226860,12290958,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Captain_Kevlar,"Awesome Game, Needs its updates already!"
,Recommended,226860,16084731,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Tristan Acoma,"Grand 4x space strategy fun.    A bit rough around the edges (occasionally crashes), but well worth picking up on sale or at full price if you're a fan of the series/once they're a few more patches in.One minor annoyance - don't bother submitting bug reports for any game you started prior to the most recent release as they're only interested in issues related to  games*started* on the latest patch/opt-in patch."
76561198140197891,Not Recommended,226860,29570430,Posted: 29 January,all,Zokon,"If i'm honest, I think what you could get out of this game is nothing what you can get out of the game Stellaris.Stellaris has most if not all the features of this game but executed in a better manner in my opinion.If you're looking for a Spac[civ] game or something along the lines I reccomend you atleast look at or try out Stellaris before buying this game then deciding what you would like."
76561198076077133,Not Recommended,226860,24966480,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Wubba lubba dub dub,After a few months the game stoped working. Iv tryed next to everything to get it to play again. Not sure why this happened?
,Not Recommended,226860,15148092,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,dehaani666,"I know this is Beta, and early access, and I may get lots of flack for this, but, I do not think that this game is worth getting right now. I like the Galactic Civ games, and even this one is a lot of fun. The problem is, is that on multiplayer, it crashes every other turn. I like playing this game with my friend, or just other people in general. I cannot get very many turns done before the game crashes. It is junk. This game should be in an Alpha stage, not a Beta. There is a support page for reporting crashes and almost everything crashes this game. I will recommend this game once I can get through a full game with another person. The single player works well for the most part."
76561197970505072,Not Recommended,226860,21632024,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Happy KillMore,"It's not like I'm new to this genre, but even after following a guide and starting out at the easiest difficulty, I've been brushed aside like a gnat in 2 games (11 hours played, including a couple of hours in the tutorial).  So it's a game about figuring out exactly what path Stardock wants you to take through the game, not about the 4X experience.  Off my hard drive and I'm done with it."
76561197961972443,Not Recommended,226860,15146751,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,thefinn,"1st Review.The game still has a lot of kinks and flaws. We will see what happens...The ship builder is great, however doesn't have firing arc's or any of the more technical stuff I like to see in these kinds of strategy games.The planet management is pretty good detail.Tech tree is similar to GC2 which is pretty long and convuluted allowing for some specializations approaching the mid game.2nd review.I'll point out the RPS article that came out the day it was ""released"" - which kind of agrees with my pre-beta review - which I am now updating.http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2015/05/14/wot-i-think-galactic-civilizations-iii/In all fairness there really should be a ""can't decide"" option instead of just thumbs up or down, however as I can't decide it also means I cannot really say this is a game that I am willing to say ""yes buy it"" for.I honestly think it was not ready for release when it did go live.3rd and likely last update.It's now 9/1/2016 and the game has been released for over 6 months.I think the words ""god awful"" come to mind. It's shallow, buggy and generally unsatisfying to play. I think this is a developer who is so wrapped up in how things LOOK that they forgot that they were making a strategy game and kind of threw that in as a secondary thing.As of right now the missiles and lasers on stations don't fire - at all, because in an update they didn't do any kind of testing it seems (or it would've picked that up, right ?).Not really sure what else to say. The DLC is a ripoff, the game seems unfinished, lack of content or complexity and generally a bad strategy game.I'd suggest something more along the lines of Distant Worlds - an older title which does this FAR better, or Crusader Kings 2 - which is far more complex and interesting.Going by my friends list - they agree - 5.2 hours, 2.6 hours etc...A big ""Do Not Buy"" here."
76561197972669975,Recommended,226860,14680575,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Airjam_TBV,"On sale before it's even released at 50% off is not acceptable, not just because I brought it at full price, but because I did so to support the game, the very last pre-order I will ever make on steam now.I was happy to wait for the release, shouldn't have bothered, next time I'm hungrey for a game, I'll not pre-order as I've now been ""punished"" for doing so, should have with-held my cash until now, games are supposed to be on sale after they sell well after their release I thought?Game is very much in Beta still, especially AI-wise.Basically, buy it now while it's 50% off if you liked the first two and just fancy the multi-player options, otherwise, wait until release and/or a better sale, as if it's 50% off before it comes out, stands to reason they could do 75% off not much furthar down the line, this would also show them the finger on behalf of people like me, encouraging them to perhaps respect their customers a bit more.No-one likes their banks giving new starters a better deal right?Bloody good job I love this title and don't think they can muck it up badly enough for it to not be worth playing!"
76561198036311764,Recommended,226860,16060107,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Rubynator,this.... this is f*cking amazing! i have no other words for it. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198059831600,Recommended,226860,16067676,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Tano,Discovered a planet named Bob.10/10
76561198007492002,Recommended,226860,16162842,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,jthompson333,"I have had a great time playing this game since release.  Most of the negative reviews seem to be geared towards early access or the fact that it doesn't have every feature from Gal Civ 2.  BUT, the reality is, that it is a ""finished"" game, that just needs some more content as the months/years go.  If you want a ""Non-Intimidating"" 4X with great spaceship design, look no further.  Plus the more you support Stardock (which they do stand behind their products, even if they make some mistakes here and there), the better the game gets."
76561198070080794,Recommended,226860,22709818,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,TheGamingMix,Even though I did not understand how to play the game I loved every second playing it I must of taken about a hour once designing a ship.
,Recommended,226860,22730941,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Morphius Shabu,Great 4x Strategy game. Similar to Masters of Orion.
,Not Recommended,226860,15897935,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Eumenesthecardian,"this game was fun enough in beta, though i echo the decided lack of innovation from gal civ 2, other than that this game is massively more unstable since release, i've had crashes, sudden FPS drops (particularly in ship designer), noticeably long turn times even in the first couple of turns. My computer is a decent gaming rig built by me that can max out every other game  going at 1080p, so this is certainly the game that's the problem, oh they also now force tech specialization which is worse than before"
76561198138816289,Not Recommended,226860,15897211,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Gooby,"So i got all excited seeing the trailer and i bought it, just to discover that the game menus have no font. looked all over the internet, tried everypossible sollution  could find but to no avail. this is greatly dissapointing. while i do think that this game is fun to play it has some issues that need to get fixed"
76561198044814175,Not Recommended,226860,15881189,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,OpenAI(Bot),"Lets look on the list of differencies between GC2 and GC3 provided by dev:1. Tactical improvement places:Fill all the slots with the same building. Tile bonuses does not matter anymore. Since flat bonus production was removed the only way to play effective is to specialize planet. This do research, this makes money, this manufacture ships. Nothing else matter.2. Galactic resources.Allows one to build couple of little more stronger ships. The buildings are not worth to bother with. Meh.3. Tactical ship design.Can choose the role of a ship ie: support/assault/capital did not even notice without reading manual. Still not sure what it does. Very tactical.4. Planetary artifacts.Random placement does not help. Most of the bonuses are very generic and not interesting. Remove them to free space for more useful buildings.5. AI modding.Useful somewhat in the future.6. Spacebased shipyards.Could have produced ships on planet nothing would be really changed. No ship capacity limit, no hangars. No more than one ship at a turn. Production sponsoring mechanic is useless since even the strongest ship can be easily produced in one turn when focusing manufacture. Only added more micromanagement. Step back here.7. Multiplayer.Currently barely playable. Most of the 4x players does not play it anyway. Have no value for myself.8. Ideologies.Can give ur civ some bonuses while expanding. Somewhat like in civ5 cultural policies but more primitive. Nothing wrong here but does not give me a feeling i have to get that policy like in CIV5. Could be implemented better i think.9. Pirate hives.Disable them for faster game performance.10. Asteroid mining.No such thing. Look #2.11. Blackholes/nebulas/storms. Rare obstacles on the map which slows/blocks ships movement. Does not really have any influence on the game. Remove them tomorrow and i wont notice.The biggest question what for you were needed Jon Shafer? Do you really need the guy only to migrate cople mechanics (ideology tree/galactic resources) from CIV5?Conclusion: The game brings nothing innovating to the genre, feels very boring and uninspiring."
,Not Recommended,226860,15890445,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Kinakin,"Dissapointed.Stutters alot on the galaxy map. the 4 X features feel shallow. Combat is meh, exploration is somewhat fun, trade is meh, diplomacy is meh, expanding seems somewhat fun but then you realise the the choices picked when colonizing new planets  locks you on a path more then anything else (good, bad or inbetween).  Building placement can seem really tactical but is made somewhat cookie cutter by the fact that so many buildings are locked behind research. So by the time you are able to stack them bonuses high its no longer as much of an issue.another shallow 4x game"
,Recommended,226860,15846367,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,aMp | Sir Väs,Played it for around four hours now I am in love with it! Absolutely my kind of open world turned based strategy game.
76561198015129027,Recommended,226860,15986574,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,barrybeal,I have over 200 hours playing the game since Beta 5 so I have seen the updates and changes before the release and have been following updates and bugs since launch.  There is still bugs and patch work to be done but the game  is very playable now !!!  Pretty high requirements to be able to play the game well - read the recommendations include 64 bit version of Windows requirement.  Except for extreme map sizes 8 GB RAM is fine.Strong Developer Support - responsive to bug reports - active mod support by community is starting.Steam workshop and Steam Cloud Drive support under development - should be fully functional in June.Nice graphics - multi-threaded execution - supports large map sizes with large numbers of standard and custom race designs.Recommended if you like Space 4X Games - new game and graphics engine - good custom race specific tech tree - not overly detailed like Distant Worlds but pretty easy to play.  Big improvement over Galactic Civilizations 2.
76561198173728846,Recommended,226860,16025886,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Tekt0nic,great
,Recommended,226860,19826175,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,austinc121,It really is awesome!
76561198019128712,Recommended,226860,19831430,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Syyinahis,I like it
76561198034137262,Recommended,226860,19834148,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,toby861,Civ in space but with amazing customisation if you like Civ your like this
76561198004489179,Recommended,226860,19835638,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,constantineX,really awesome!!!
76561198070874434,Recommended,226860,28336107,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Hellakazoo,I still prefer galciv II but this is shiny.
,Not Recommended,226860,18517425,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,5 Bears On Patrol,Typical Stardock ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. They've yet to complete a finished game. But don't let that stop them from releasing unfinished♥♥♥♥♥♥all over steam.
76561198008245148,Not Recommended,226860,17848829,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,aMEIzing,"patch 1.3BETAi would not recommend this game at all. just like EA Games and Activision, they are starting to become less reliable, and more focussed on money grabbing.Just like above mentioned companies, they have also turned to DLC Income, where for the littlest of DLC's, they want you to pay 5 bucks. Its true what they say, pay 10 bucks for the main game, but pay 300 bucks for everything else.Every patch, i notice that bugs are put in the game.An entire ship template of a faction is unavailable, the bug dismissed as a mod failure, even though no mods are run at all.The AI controlling the ship battles is bugged to its core, ships without any HP left are still fighting through half of the battle, like if the game isnt aware they are dead yet. and even if the end result is you winning the fight, you still lose due to the buggy AI.Stardock wants you to pay 50 bucks, for a game that is less eventful than the predecessor, galactic civilizations 2. having less factions, and even though the options to customize your own factions and your own ships, they dare to tell you, to pay those 50 bucks to semi-create your own game.the failure to notice such gamebreaking bugs, or even not wanting to acknowledge them in order to fix them with the next patch, makes me believe that Stardock has gone past its glory days, and has simply become another money grab company."
76561197961279984,Recommended,226860,15981680,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Golden Turd,This game really hits the jackpot!
76561197980406030,Not Recommended,226860,23882932,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Chromia,"Just installed it and already it doesn't work properly. To change any graphic settings at all, you need to completely quit and then re-launch the game client. Only to find what you tried didn't work, and then change a setting, quit, relaunch, over and over. The entire interface loads, but the main part of the game, the map area where the gameplay takes place, remains black. Tooltips upon mousing over invisible objects in the black screen appear, the other parts of the interface load, but the main screen does not. Support forums are terrible, providing no useful information, and no solutions. I can run World of Tanks, DCUO, Guild Wars 2, Blade and Soul, Final Fantasy 14 a realm reborn, planetside2, and make iray renders in DAZ Studio, all with no trouble. I'm not having a resource issue. I'm not having a driver issue.  This product is terrible."
76561198057918559,Recommended,226860,15973748,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Tours732,"If you love Star Trek, you'll love this game. Game does have some bugs and there is a need to have more explanatory tooltips. Combat is a bit dull. But the UI is great, gameplay is fun, and ship designer is beautiful. Recommended, but not at full price."
,Recommended,226860,14704971,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,FalseLion - haprad.com,Looking like it's going to be as good as Galactic Civilizations 2.
76561198064630495,Not Recommended,226860,23295822,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,JackAttack,"A complete waste of good money, this game was truly a let down"
,Recommended,226860,15832922,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,DaWilko,"The Galactic Civilisations games are one I keep coming back to time and time again. Like other 4X Pillars such as Space Empires & MOO, GalCiv has provided me with 100s of hours of entertainment and challenge. GalCiv3 is no different, pre-launch I was at 85 hours played.Specifically about GalCiv3, AI work, Graphics Changes, Combat animations and the implementation of Strategic Resources have changed the feel in a positive way.*Single player campaign*Custom games* Stupidly large maps* Custom races* Multiplayer (Both synchronous and a-synchronous)The developers are very responsive to the community and balance, bugs and other issues are quashed with their regular well communicated updates.10/10 Would conquer the galaxy again."
76561198065226789,Recommended,226860,15845523,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,the dragon man217,"i have played the full version of the game and it is fantastic infact i whant a galactic civilizations 4 to be made, buy the game NOW"
,Recommended,226860,15832633,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,cameron,basically better than gal civ 2 in every possible way and gal civ 2 owned so many bones
76561198023761814,Recommended,226860,15841613,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,rhettrongun,"This is one of the only 4x space games I've enjoyed in several years now. Honestly the last one was GC2.Obviously it's designed for those that enjoy turn based strategy. In terms of improvements over GC2, the most standout I've noticed is that improvement placement in colonies can actually be very important in effecting colony output.Galaxy size options allow for significantly larger size than before also.My one standing gripe with GC is that you have very little direct impact on tactical outcomes. So, it's all about optimizing your advantages going into battle. Once you're there, it's just a bunch of dice rolling behind the curtain.Particularly if you're looking for something that reminds you of the days of MOO2, then I highly advise picking GC3 up."
,Recommended,226860,15844615,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,hereward.hills,"There is fun to be had, not just in playing the game and striving towards galactic domination, but in creating additional races. You can get absorbed in the creation process with all the abilities and traits to set and tweak. If your confident with editing xml then you can tweak the stock races as well by creating a mod for your own flavour. And, if you like modding then just about any part of the game can be added to, changed or even removed.And after all that race creating, tweaking and modding there is the game itself. With wonderful artwork and ambient music, you'll be enthralled."
76561197972926578,Not Recommended,226860,16584016,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pophorn,"Ship movement with no confirmation on 1st click is a horrible ""feature""..."
,Recommended,226860,16774965,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DreamReaver,Best version of all hte Galactic Civilization games.
76561197970947742,Not Recommended,226860,16697054,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Halifax789,"The ship editor wont save. Many other bugs pertaining to combat and ship components. AI that cannot seem to mount a late game attack or defense.  The absolute opposite of ""smart and polished"".Thumbs down for  not delivering on advertised features."
76561197961552416,Recommended,226860,17575463,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Major Von Schoff,"Just like the last 2 number 3 is just excellent.  A very good game with deep gameplay and unlimited replayability. This game will make you call in sick to work for a week as you keep doing the 4X's.  Explore, Expand, Exploit and Exterminate!!The AI is very stupid.  It can't even manage an economy or production line.  They give it FREE ships and cash every turn. To win you have to build tonnes of Diplomatic improvements (including star bases) or the stupid AI will attack you non stop.  It sees how many ships you have and if its not enough it attacks unless you build the dip inprovements then it LOVES you to death!The only thing I have a gripe about is features have been held back to sell you DLC's.  Alas it's the way of things so companies can make enough money to be able to produce a game.  I just dislike having an incomplete game till all the DLC's are released.  But before you fanboi's jump on my case, I love the game and recommend it to everyone and anyone who has ever looked up at night and wondered, ""what if?"""
76561197971522977,Recommended,226860,15885046,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Arisal,"Do you like turn based games?  Do you like space ships?  Then you will enjoy this game.  It doesn't deviate too much from Gal Civ 2 but it does feel like they have improved on a lot of things.  Right now the only thing missing from 2 that I would love to see in an expansion is maybe espionage and terror stars.   The combat has improved even more.  With 6 different ship roles and new special tech to research for your ships which you can build there is so much more to the system than appears at first.  Building on planets has been improved upon and the ship builder is as flexible as always.  Want to make a custom race like Jedi, Sith, Cylons, or Borg?  Now you can!Pros:Largest maps you will ever see in a tile based game.Tech tree is as insanely huge as ever.Custom races is insane how many things you can customize.Ship building is easy and fun.Multiplayer - 1st time for the seriesJust one more turn...Cons:Few features missing from Gal Civ 2 would love to see return to the game"
,Not Recommended,226860,16078656,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ZebraPolo,"I bought this game mistaking it for Beyond Earth, you know, the Sid Meier's game, but I believe buyers remorse isn't a viable excuse to return the game.Meh."
76561198007518229,Recommended,226860,15883972,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Nodder12,"Great Game, loved the previous two games and this improves on those, has a few very minor bugs that will be fixed very soon and for a modern game runs sweet as a nut.  The dev's are fantastic lot and this game will hopefully evolve into something to play for years to come."
76561198027750789,Recommended,226860,15935949,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Double_D,This is the 4X strategy game we have been waiting for. The ideology system could use a little work and a few patches here and there but an extremely well done game overall. 9/10 Highly Recommend
76561198023090532,Not Recommended,226860,31631358,Posted: 8 May,all,lordflin,"So what have I learned regarding the vast reaches of space.Boring... black, empty, desolate, void of any interesting features. Perhaps this is somewhat realistic... after all, from a personal stand point, I do not believe there are other habital systems outside of ours. The odds appear against it.But this is my universe, and I want something in it other than endless black empty circles interspersed with resources I will probably never use as I can't find enough habital systems to make it worth my while.And anolmalies... they live up to their name. Finding one is a truly anamolous experience for they are few and far between.And this is on max abundant settings, can't even imagine what other settings might bring.These are fixable problems, mere balancing issues. Along with, for example, the numerous text oversights such as mercenaries whose values have obviously been changed, but whose script has not caught up so you really can only guess at the true value of mercernary ships.On the other hand, does such poor attention to detail portend favorably for a future where the game has been so completely overhauled it is no longer recognizable.  Stardock has a wonderful history of breaking their games. Fallen Enchantress was at one time a favorite of mine before patches and overhauls made the game litterally unplayable. Could this new direction eventually pan out... maybe... some folks seem to like the new citizen system, but I find a dull bit of busy work that adds little to the game. Personally I liked the sliders... made my economy easy to control so that I was left with the freedom to attend other details... such as interacting with what was then a vibrant universe. When I get a new citizen I care nothing about him. He/she/it is little more than a place holder for some buff of some sort, nor do these so called citizens have any distinguishing characteristics other than names and an arbitrary gender. More over, tying them to  a ten turn generation rather than population growth is an arbitrary and curious decision. I could have just as many of these 'citizens' rather I remained on my original planet (probably not a bad option considering how empty the universe is) or expanded to the far reaches of space.In short, this expansion is poorly tested and implemented. Could there be an eventual game here? Perhaps... Unfortuanately Stardock has shown itself adept at breaking more than they fix. Time will tell. Until then there are better places for your gaming dollars..."
76561198051384139,Not Recommended,226860,25516287,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,unkn0wnx,This game suffers from EA disease.  They sold you a game and then immediately release several DLCs.  It's basically GC2 with many DLCs.
,Not Recommended,226860,31585422,Posted: 6 May,all,Meklar115,"I have tried to get into this game several times, but their are simple things that just get in the way. This last time I even played on beginner. With a positive net income somehow my empire constently lost money with no explination on what was taking the money. The base ships seem useless since they all seem to require special resouces and I dont want to redesign every ship every time I research something."
,Recommended,226860,14665139,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Buzzin,Amazing sci-fi 4x strategy game. Huge updates every few months that make the game worth picking up in beta. If you are skeptical about early access you can take a look at this company's history and see that they always complete their games on time and never abandon their community and fans.
76561198037136428,Not Recommended,226860,16103235,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,thunderheart,"I loved Galactic Civ 2 - but this version needs to go back to the drawing board. The game is doing good to get past turn 5 before the pc freezes, and you feel left hanging by the developers wanting a refund. Considering this is a turn based game, it's almost laughable that this was released in this condition.That said, once the game is finished, and the issues resolved that bog down any kind of enjoyable play - hopefully a better review can be written by others. I've tried this game several times hoping new patches or more would be done to enable better game play only to find little to nothing has changed and then I uninstall for another wait time on development.Sorry guys thumbs down mostly because of game issues and play - not the game itself."
76561197972459663,Not Recommended,226860,35323284,Posted: 29 September,all,Zadul,"It seems like the recent update ruined the balance of the game.  I've also noticed that the galaxy creation options don't seem to be working anymore and I've played with it for about 3 hours and no matter what I do, nothing seems to really change when I create my galaxy.  The research is really slow when I set it to very fast, resources are poor even through I sent them to abundant.  The options just don't seem to work."
76561198055515023,Not Recommended,226860,15121534,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,TheQuixote,"If you already own and love GC2, there is not much that is innovative or new. Multiplayer plus a few minor additions. But for the most part this is just a port to newer technology with more detailed graphics, and even then the map seems more cluttered and harder to read.While I agree with this development strategy of build in all of GC2 first and then expand on it, it looks you will need to buy a major expansion and a couple of DLC's before the game goes beyond what GC2 is. So $80-$100 before this is more than a face lift.While I really like the game, I don't think it commands that sort or premium AAA price."
76561198148011608,Recommended,226860,28577661,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dragonsky001,One of the better games I have played and also one of the funniest
76561197977181108,Not Recommended,226860,18211040,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Casca17,"This game has start up issues.  You may get it to start after the initial install and then never again.  What it is good at is starting to a black screen or even the good ole blue screen-o-death followed the always desirable PC restart due to Windows protecting its self.  This game is for you if you are an IT or programming expert that enjoys resolving these kinds of issues; or maybe you’re just a sadomasochist that likes their head to hurt.  At any rate don’t spend the $24 bucks.  It will only bring frustration.  Oh, the couple of times it did start, the graphics were really good."
,Recommended,226860,28564976,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Tactical Almond,"Great space 4x turned based strategy game. Some of the meta is weird and for that reason, I would only recommend to casuals on a sale. Hardcore 4x strat players. Recommend at full price."
76561198085763686,Not Recommended,226860,16317529,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,sean.patrick.lachance,Was able to play BETA versoin of this game. However once going live trying to play this game on the same computer the screen never fits the screen. Never make it past the spash screen as 3/4 of the content is off screen.  Read other peoples posts about this same problem before purchase.  There are quite a few others having this same problem.  Patches still have not fixed this problem.  Have played this game since GALCIV 1 with all expansions and also GALCIV 2 with its expansions.  Was very disappointed that I could not enjoy this new release.  There are people who are getting into the game just fine.  However be warned if you have a dell Alpha console this game may not work for you.
76561198042165879,Not Recommended,226860,17499618,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,jleeming,"Short version:WHY DOESN""T IT WORK!Long version:You really need a good pc for this. Not a laptop, a pc. A good pc. And too much money for your own good. And endless masses of time. And lots of patience. And sentence structure. And the time and inclination to watch the world's buggiest space battles. And be nerdy enough to enjoy the ship builder. And not have experienced the predeccessor which was prettymuch the same and ACTUALLY GODDAMN RUNS PROPERLY!"
76561198065192083,Not Recommended,226860,15520189,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,tomadams614,Crashing comp every game.  Save game reload drops planet graphics on planet list.  Ship stats disapear after reload of saved game.  Last update messed up the resource graphics.  Comp meets all required and more to play game.
76561198125848756,Not Recommended,226860,20230223,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dsuper2000,"Game is confusing at best. The tutorial is not helpful enough. There is no symbol (identifiers) on ships to distinguish who they are, same with planets. Starbase are multiplyers and don't interact unless attacked.  Ship design confusing. Easy level as tutorial should be easy but it's not.Overall: Not a good game. Looking forward to new Masters of Orion..."
76561198007095386,Not Recommended,226860,20456081,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Lemon1990,"I wanted to make the ultamite death ship, so I set to work to make my strategy and contrust a mighty vessel.  When I finaly had it all in place, I went into the designer and, after enough life support and hyper drives, starting spam adding kenatic wepons.  Then at about 50% capacity, the game crashed, fronze my entire computer to force me to manualy restart it.  After trying to tourble shoot the problem, this kept happening in the same place, when I tried to add wepons to my warship.Aside from not being able to design my warship, because the game isn't stable enough, it was very unstable the entire time i played it and would crash and freeze my entire computer on a regular basis.  I bought into the idea of the game to design and think about some grand strategy, only to have it not be playable at the last stage of it.  This is disheartening because I want to like the game, but it just won't work, so can't really recomend it to anyone."
76561198080512832,Recommended,226860,21251836,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,jamescowley,great game
76561198036235391,Not Recommended,226860,21636334,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,alexanderpearce1,"This game has the portential of being a good game. However even with AI being set to beginer, it always plays better.The battle the AI has bigger and stronger ships even when you research only ship upgrades. At pressent will not recomend to others as it is a one sided game in favour of the AI."
,Not Recommended,226860,14743579,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,shandlanos,"I am aware that this is an early access game, and expecting anything close to perfection would be silly.However, there are many weird little problems that would seem to be easy fixes, such as parts of the UI where text is unreadable because of layering issues. The game is very poorly optimized, taxing a processor far more than one would expect - and far more than comparable 4x space games. Finally, the graphics options are far too limited.My hardware specs meet the minimum requirements - given, not by any large margin. The game freezes up for about 15 seconds at a time on a regular basis. I suffered through it for an hour or so because the game seems well-organized and the gameplay could be fun, but that regular freezing meant I only got through about 20 turns before giving up in frustration.Hopefully the game will be better optimized next time I try to play it - or I'll have better hardware that doesn't care about a little bit of resource hogging. Meanwhile, I'll be playing its predecessor, Galactic Civilizations II, to get a feel for the series."
76561198046921710,Not Recommended,226860,18374189,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,riverdiver34,I've spent too much time trying to figure out how damage is calculated.
,Recommended,226860,16785824,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,LEDWORKS,A great 4X Strategy game.10 / 10
,Recommended,226860,15966362,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,LongBoneGrunter,Every bit as amazing as the previous 2.  When I sit down with this game I can play for hours.  If you're a fan of space simulation / strategy this is THE game.
76561198026930946,Recommended,226860,16127088,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,† ∫pØØky †,"GC3 is by far the best 4x space stategy game ever made. Better than Stardrive 1 and 2, better than Endless Space. This game is going places and I can't wait to see where."
,Recommended,226860,16007690,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Ghoul Cat Lenny,"Crash to Desktop 3 is the highly anticipated sequel to Galactic Civilizations 2.Stardock decided to go a different route with this game. The first two games focused on building and managing a galactic empire, while also waging war and dealing with the political structure of a galactic senate. Very slow, and tactical.This new installment is a much more fast paced, where players try to do as much as they can before crashing to their desktops for some inexplicable reason. Most of the time the crash will just happen on its own, but you might run into many traps along the way, only adding to the excitement! Maybe it will crash when you build a ship, or go investigate that anomaly, sometimes just starting the game will cause you crash, you just never know where the heart pounding action will get you in Crash to Desktop 3!Its a real bargain at only $50, you'll enjoy minutes of excitement."
76561198011950392,Recommended,226860,16094059,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Controlfreak25,"Really fun and I love it but, it still crashes after you get to a certain turn point in the game."
,Recommended,226860,16110190,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,The Shortgoon Samurai,"This game, even though it is compared to civ is vastly diffeent in my opinion. In my first game i modded my way to make the Autobots, led by optimus prie himself. I had no idea how to manage my economy, fell ever so slowly into debt and slowly figured it out and became stable. I then went to war with the altarians then sadly relived the game Fall of Cybertron as they took over my capital planet of Cybertron and i sadly forfeited. This game is very fun and i like it a lot. I experienced no instability while playing and be sure to colonize every habitable planet in your influnce or someone else will and you'll be sad forever. Truthfully 10/10 would play again, its just going to take time to learn the mechanics of the game.{Edit}Alright so after playing a couple games, I've learned its much more fun to make a crazy race than to play as them. Currently I am the Turians and i basically won but I don't feel inclined to finish the game. I guess once you've become the most powerful military it gets a little easy and just annoying to fight off small fleets that can never do signifigant damage to even a single one of my capital ships. It's slowly losing its value only 10 hours in...."
,Recommended,226860,16152028,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Martin CSGO-Raffle.com,"Great game and finally a 4X game with strategy and gameplay that remind me of the long, involved games that I used to have in MoO2.The gameplay offers good depth, with plenty to be achieved when playing in custom game mode.  The huge galaxies are truly just that, and can lead to games that will take dozens of hours of tough and strategic gameplay to win - exactly what you would hope for from a 4X game.Although the graphics are pleasing to the eye, I think that there may have been slightly more that could have been done when observing the battle scenes.All-in-all, a great game and any 4X fan will not be disappointed with Galactic Civiliazations III."
76561198052811820,Recommended,226860,16273956,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Ralnn,This game is awesome. i have so many good thinks too say about this game but il keep it short.ProsGreat replayabilityShip designerThe overall pacing of the gameThe options and customization for races and galaxysConsToo easySynthetic + Poor Farmers + Infertile is op as♥♥♥♥
76561198020866382,Recommended,226860,16082634,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,DIRTNAP,Really have enjoyed this game.  The tech tree is very understandable and you know what you are researching and why.
76561198141646345,Recommended,226860,16112742,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Mr.Lakkie,"First of all i have to admit that my laptop isnt optimal for this game. Which is one of the few things i regret about buying this game. The gameplay is very addictive and u really want to go on and on, i have been playing a couple games and am wel into my 3rd game now with the Thalans, passed turn 500, without any crashes or problems, only downside is that it requires immense ammounts of RAM to operate, i have 4 gig but the optimal settings require at least 8 gig. So i cant see this game in its full potential. I havent tried the campaign much more beyond lvl 1 since i like the sandbox games, it randomly creates a galaxy for u to explore and colonize. The scope of the game in terms of research and construction and ship building are also immense, i havent tried the ship designer yet, as am i only just getting familiar with the game. Although i have over 40 hours into it, i havent tried multiplayer yet, cause i can only immagine how long a game would take.All in all, i recommend this game for anyone who loves the 4x genre and has a system that can handle the immense RAM and CPU usage. Its a really addicting and fun game and will take many of your free hours!  :)"
,Recommended,226860,16229295,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ItsyaboyPutt-Putt[hellcase.com],"If you like  civ five with space, then i really do reccomend this games, because it is so diverse in events and technologies"
76561198262912601,Recommended,226860,31482673,Posted: 1 May,all,bassi.balvinder,I was expecing Much MORE from 3rd version like some awesome single player campaign storyline. I hope that we will see GC 4 on Mobile Phones.
,Recommended,226860,14693166,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,MR.Allar,Great game in development. Well i dont know wath to say beacuase it is still in beta stage. But after playing it for a littel i saw creat potentsial 1) You can create your own space ship styels 2) Rule the calaxy 3) Fight in space and conger other faction planets. As for early accses price wait for price fall and the buy it if you want or wait when game gets completed. Still developers need money do finish the game.
,Recommended,226860,16049894,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SlowHam,"Great TBS game, somewhat bereft of content and the AI could still use some work.  At the moment it's way too easy, hopefully that will change if/when they teach the AI how to place buildings on their planets in a non-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ manner, and fix the glaring expansion morale problem.Then again, I'm spoiled from playing Galciv2 + both expansions for ages, so I guess it really isn't fair to compare them.... yet.Definitely still worth your money."
76561198021047254,Recommended,226860,16111766,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,brendansp13,Best Galactic Civilization game since Galactic Civilization 2!
76561198032539317,Recommended,226860,16132329,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Spartan,"Played the game through early-access and it has grown to something great.The learning curve isn't that large, but certain tactics must be learnt for each race if you want to play against stronger opponents in single-player and multi-player alike.10/10 must buy. You will spend most of your summer in darkness playing this."
76561198097794936,Not Recommended,226860,17204928,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,LilDagnamet,"-----Review Based on 45 minutes of gameplay (mainly tutorial)-----Before playing this game I had no idea that there was a 4x genre or what it even meant, even though I had played games like Civilization and European War on my iOs. My opinion is that the developers were in error to go with a turn based gameplay model and instead should have used a gameplay model similar to the one used by the Starcraft and Command and Conquer series. Overall the game just feels clunky, but maybe my opinion will change the more I play this game."
76561198007360584,Recommended,226860,23955021,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,mfund681,Love this game
76561198011489324,Recommended,226860,23145754,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,rebelstewie,love it. wish there was a mod for star trek though  :o   lolgames solid.
,Recommended,226860,22353073,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Thug Life,"Become the leader of the space UN, Build starbases in the middle of someone's territory like a d-bag, pummel lesser races into oblivion and then demand half their fleet as a condition of their surrender, then bomb their homeworld with the ships they just gave you. and then bankroll an invasion of your next neighbor by caputruring and selling furry ball pets to the galaxy10/10Okay, Im taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's not a perfect game, but I bought it back in alpha and thought it was♥♥♥♥♥♥  tried it again about a year later and I got addicted to it,  what a difference some proper dev time can make.Oh, and I dont know if its because I had a large map going or not,  but the game is a complete resource hog. I saw it taking up to 9GB of memory at one point. that's the most I've ever seen in a game ever"
76561198007509630,Recommended,226860,14670490,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,jspragu9,"Cannot wait for this game to come out. There is alot of mechanics ,building & designing you ships .I sure wish all the options to the game were working on the Beta. Good work guy's."
76561197964293215,Recommended,226860,15915955,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,m4rt14n,awesome
76561198056337259,Recommended,226860,14671109,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,kory.k15,"Great game even in Beta, once the game is finished & the bugs are fixed I can easily see this game taking up most of my free time!-I guess it is because I log of the internet to play but I've clocked in over 50hrs with this game not 7, mostly on the second largest map.-Game is GREAT! I’m running an older rig with an Intel 950 i7, ASUS sabretooth 1366, ASUS 660ti, with 8 gigs of 1866 ram, and the hardware easily handles this game. The RAM usage cruises around 80-85%, GPU usage is around, so for newer rigs I'm positive that shouldn't be any problems “unless previously strained by extensive use, or improperly cooled/cleaned"".-Played mainly on the larger maps to see if i can cause a crash, but beyond the basic beta bugs that occur when autosaving the turn sequence, loading another game while in-game, & the bugs that occur in the graphics transition to a battle scene the game if awesome with a large amount of features that make this one of my top games to play, best one so far for 2015!"
76561198040791950,Recommended,226860,15912848,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,SWAG knighty1210 SWAG,CONSTANT CRASHES. but fun anyway
76561198031734807,Recommended,226860,20515607,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Baelavain,"I like the game for the possibility to play different game style between each game. Graphics is good and easy to play. It would have been interesting to have a scientific tree that permit different evolution and still be able play the game. HAs of now, you still need to progress every wherer if you wnat to compete. The last point that always made this game interesting to me is the ship designer. There is still great possibility but I must admit that the previous game had better mechanics to design (small exemple, before you caould move object that just finish adjust but tought it need to be place elswere).I recommand Galactic Civilizations III for this kind of game ;0)"
,Not Recommended,226860,29943158,Posted: 15 February,all,Aurelucere,More complex the game changes to be. The less fun the gaming experience it has.
76561198008825121,Recommended,226860,26597461,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dirkki,"Ok game, but found it quite hard."
,Recommended,226860,22907361,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,lordReion,Really solid game. Basicly Civilization in space. I was impressed with the overall quality of the game. Being able to watch space battles and customize ships is a nice touch.
76561198060213340,Recommended,226860,17419534,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,sk0rch0,its a good game
,Recommended,226860,17415621,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Vellarain,Game is tight.
76561198007760729,Recommended,226860,29554304,Posted: 28 January,all,shtinkypuppie,10/10 would massacre the giant worms again.
76561198066482708,Recommended,226860,11910509,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,DragonWard,The Beta crashes before I can even start a game.  waste of time.
76561198038604002,Recommended,226860,12104878,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,lp01840,this is a very good beta and can not wait for the full release!
76561198111067004,Not Recommended,226860,24657431,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,knight_angel21,"slow paced but fun game. not a fan of some of the presets though, like having to set sponsers for ship yards and space stations. it would be nice if they had a version that merged with the game civilizations, where you start off in stone age and build up to tech age. final space race would kick into galactic civilizations. that would be cool."
76561198000571302,Recommended,226860,24817304,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Necro4,would enslave galaxy again.
76561198014119918,Recommended,226860,13493122,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,UAA,"Actually, I like it very much. It shows, that it is not finished, but already is very good game with a lot of potencial.It has some good improvements in comparison to GalCiv II. Warfare is much better and new space stations are also improved. I like shipyards. It is clever idea and much better that old planet production."
76561198013133261,Recommended,226860,13488461,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,bcurson,Simply an outstanding game.
,Recommended,226860,13497774,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Marksman,"I recommend this game, but only if you enjoy the 4x turn based strategy genre as it is still in beta and in some cases shows that it is in this stage.  It can break now and again which can frustrate and everytime a new update comes along old save files are incompatible.UPDATE:  Since being released and getting steam workshop this game is a much more enjoyable and playable experience, but again if you don't like 4x turn based strategy games you probably won't be swayed by this one as it is heavily in the genre.  However if you do like 4x turn based strategy games this is the best example of one I have seen in a long time."
76561198035577808,Recommended,226860,13523955,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,shelob72,"even though this game is still in developmant as a  RTS game this is addicting, the complete custimization of your ships and the size of the maps are awsome. On the  downside though if your looking for an action packed game with constant battle i suggest sins, startin g out in this game is a slow go and you may not be able to even meet another race for quite a while but that is good thing if you use your time to build up a money and ship base before heading out to your borders, all in all a great strategy game that you can easily get sucked  into"
,Not Recommended,226860,23802778,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LOL,"Yet another fail game purchase on steam. I get black screen on game launch. Drivers , direct X etc everything is updated. Every other game is working perfectly. This one refuses to open up. There is no option to update etc. Deleting contents and reinstalling doest work. Complete garbage. Complete failure. STAY AWAY . dont waste your money on this crap."
,Recommended,226860,13471375,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Andromeda,"Been playing this off and on over the past few weeks. So far, I highly recommend it, even in Beta Form.It's a great addition to the GalCiv family and while it's not finished yet, it's still a great game.The only things I do wish for however are:-*Steam Workshop Support*Planet Textures update as they're terraformed, much like in GalCiv 1*More Components/Facilities*Custom RacesAll of which I'm sure will come as the game is developed."
,Recommended,226860,16963053,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ekolis,"If this weren't Stardock, I might give a thumbs down. I've run into a few game-stopping crashes, but the devs are reliable when it comes to customer support, so I'm not too worried about that.Now this game isn't Space Empires IV in terms of complexity, but it's not GalCiv1 either. It strikes a good balance between attention to detail and simplicity. It's got a nifty ship designer that lets you spend hours customizing the entire look of your fleet, but that's completely optional; you can just use the stock designs (of which there are plenty), or tweak the components on them without actually customizing them cosmetically, if you so desire.One thing I like that's unique to GalCiv is the starbases, which give a variety of bonuses to ships and/or colonies in their area of effect. The effects are pretty small, though, so I'm not sure how worthwhile they are to build compared to the cost of defending them. I also like the MOO2-esque ""specialization"" techs added in this iteration - do you want to unlock cheaper armor, lighter armor, or tougher armor? You can only have one, unless you trade with other empires! (Can you steal techs from other empires? If not, that totally needs to go into an expansion.)Overall, GalCiv3 is a fun 4X game that needs a bit of work, but given Stardock's record, I'm sure that work will get done!"
76561198031750957,Not Recommended,226860,23174907,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Fear The Ears,"Imagine other 4x games like the Civs, endless space, et al, and remove all the helpful tooltips, smoothed features, and easy to understand tech tree, and you have galactic civ 3.it really looks like some parts of previous games were updated to look super fancy (i like the look of ship battles, while hating that you can't easily forcast your odds of victory before hand), while others look like they havn't changed in decades (the minimap is completely useless, for example. it shows where suns are, and territory, but not planets, colonized planets, ships/stations/trade routes... nothing). it's a bad mix.The lack of tool tips, and the desperate need for a useable interface are what really did it for me though. I remapped the keys to make it kinda work, but even that process wasn't easy. the lack of tool tips or anything else means you just have to know what is about to happen when you do something. That's fine, if you have been playing the game for years, but to get to that point, you NEED to make the game intuitive.Overall, it looks like there is a LOT of detail in this game: it's just impossible to get to without slogging through a manual somewhere, and even then you have to ignore some of the ugly (it has a lateral scrolling tech tree, that won't fit on the screen vertically... c'mon, guys)"
76561198010056864,Recommended,226860,16966158,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,The Wordsmith,Gold standard for interstellar TBS games. Remeber when you daydreamed about you own versions of Battle Star Galactica or Mass Effect? Now you can do way more than daydream.
76561198032868511,Recommended,226860,16968367,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,pakrat811,Nicely Done Guys. The game is a bit of a memory hog at times. The Tech Tree needs some work considering we are now developing Zero point energy/ Quantum field energy. Einstein-Rosin Brridge/ Wormholes are fact now. Teleportation is also a fact and is currently in real life testing by the D.O.D.. The Character building app in the start of the game is limited. It doesnt have the Guiness American Break though mentalty choice or Bueatifully gifted artists. Other wise it is a comfortable fun game.
76561198035901158,Recommended,226860,16966548,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Zimzim,exceptional game
76561198040604283,Recommended,226860,30224487,Posted: 27 February,all,akkristor,"Very fun, scratches that 4x itch, and the ship customization allows for near endless design options.However, it is still somewhat buggy and crashes occasionally, but not often enough to be a problem.  May be resource-related, as it crashes far less on my desktop than on my laptop."
76561198031436769,Recommended,226860,31711027,Posted: 12 May,all,norwood4u2000,great gameplay.
76561198068104960,Not Recommended,226860,22248409,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,LostForWords,"So, Ive been a huge fan of GC2, I pre-purchased GC3. played it in beta for a while, thought of it as meh game, didnt bothermuch cause I only spend the money from cs go item bets. So i left the game be for more then half a year. Now I cant run it, might be of windows 10 upgrade, or something else, but I cant run it. I checked alot of info my self, couldnt find an answer to my problem, so I made a ticket, atached all files needed and plus screens of what I have done (one screen was changed ""Path"" variable). the guy who answered me was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sorry, first thing he talled me to do is to change that variable I have changed, he didnt even read what I have done, didnt check the files Ive send him. So we had this little chat for 3 days and I still cant run the game. Now I just spit on it, it is not worth my time. So my advice, the game is preaty boring it self(you can play GC2, or any similar game) or you can always pirate GC3 :) dont spend your real money on this pile of dudu"
76561198095824401,Not Recommended,226860,14787899,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,avionics261,No.  Game keeps locking up.  Tried to figure out how to write a damn ticket for an hour.♥♥♥♥ it.
76561198027035765,Recommended,226860,16001463,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Twiddledum,Fun FUn FUn
76561198007101988,Recommended,226860,14699625,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,kpayne1,"Good start. needs some polish.Leader voice overs, notifications of noteworthy events between civilizations and such is needed.Should be great once completed and With custom design options all available and dimplomacy options further detailed and available.Greater details on planates and stars would be great as well (Minerals, age, class ect.)  Possibility to research plantes even if they are non suitable for life. Dead planets could still be used for resource mining.Suggestion: Ability to name discovered areas such as planets, stars and nebulas. Also, ability to form galactic alliances or grant portions of your empire independence. This also opens up the option/possibilty of revolution and break away factions.Thanks :)"
,Recommended,226860,15975923,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,CreedofWar,"Having played GalCiv 2 and a huge fan of other TBS games like Sid Meier's titles, I Had high hopes for this title. So i bought into this game in alpha, but didn't play it because i was going to wait for more content (Im a bad alpha tester i know). Now, reviewing the launch of the title, this game is a blast when it works. I cant speak for other gamer's but id hope my digital storm Vanquish pc tower could handle the game, but i was warned that my graphics memory was low on startup. On my gaming pc i had to set all the graphics to low with no particle effects and other options. Fine, you don't really play a strategy game for graphics. Now it just crashes after a few hours of game play. On top of that, i made a save that wasn't a auto save (auto saves after every turn, which is good) and crashed. Now i cant load any save of that game which was a good 7 - 9 hr play through. Over all, Yes, i recommend it, but id watch for a steam sale OR if your really interested, wait till its gotten a few patches."
76561198064070698,Recommended,226860,15981878,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Scarfell,"Nice base game, can't wait for steam workshop and all the free mods it will bring, Would love to see 100 star trek civs on an immense galaxy size with different tech starting points and canon mentalities."
,Not Recommended,226860,16683717,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,PenguinMafiaDon,worst 4X I have ever played
,Recommended,226860,15972423,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Great White Shark,Really good 4X game. Haven't put much time in it yet but so far it feels pretty balanced. I will update my review if I find anything else.It is a really fun game that really expands on the last Gal Civ. If you want a space themed 4X game and were as dissapointed in Civ BE as I was then this is the game for you.
76561198037114272,Recommended,226860,22700251,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,robatmywork,This game is a lot of fun!
76561198011859231,Recommended,226860,22707661,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,christian.engh,Gal Civ2 with better graphics. Some features are different but the core game seems very similar
76561198080465687,Recommended,226860,25164787,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DovaDwarf,"It's fun but needs the A.I to tone back on the aggression when it comes to military power. I've had games where the enemy has one more ship than I did and it declared war only to get wiped out and give up after 15-20 turns. My advice, build ships of quality and quantity."
76561198054483562,Recommended,226860,15832806,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Exemida,It's a pretty good game now if they can fix the issue were the game just randomly closes.
76561197975306725,Recommended,226860,15839473,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Erield,"This is what I hoped Endless Legend was, especially in terms of size!"
76561198030729723,Recommended,226860,16821340,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Carlomarx,almost as good as sid meier's civ. Has a LOT of potential. Hope the developer has a passion to continue refining and adding to game.
76561198032127116,Recommended,226860,16845508,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,DarthVishis,"GC3 is less than it what could be or what I had hopd it would be, that it is not to say it is without merit.Some of this may just be that it feels incomplete. It has a very small campaign, but a lot of room for customisation, modding, and user created content.Some of it is due to over-engineering, so that things that should be at the fore-front of the interface are hidden away in obscure corners or just not presented to the user, as if the developers or the playing community just take these things for granted. Information on how the economy, combat, tourism, influence, etc works, is just not obvious or even explained in the game or the manual, and you could find yourself doing hours of research to find out simple stuff that should have been at the forefront of the interface. The game also has a very weak diplomacy interface, and a currently weak AI.There are also some long standing conventions from strategy and turn based games that are (currently) not implemented in GC3. For e.g. you can't execute all ship movement without ending your turn, and if a ship has movement points left over you don't have an opportunity to use them before the turn is executed.By design, you have no control of tactical combat. Not even a card system like in Endless Space. It is just a calculation with only a vaguely related animation (combat viewer) to go along with it which often has no bearing to the actual combat results, and the actual combat system is not explained anywhere in the game or the manual (you have to go to the wiki page for that).Much is made of the ship designer, but actually 90% of it is purely cosmetic, in that you can pretty much draw anything you can imagine, but in terms of actual ship performance and stats, you just add a combination of basic modules (engines, weapons, sensors etc) to determine a ships combat attributes, but many other attributes you might expect to have control over are NOT in the game (weapon size, line of sight, power levels, repair rates, critical hits, subsystem taregting, etc.).It's also so 1980's to be limited to a 2d galaxy map (the models may be 3d, but the stars are laid out on a flat surface), and the game could really do with a well-developed controllable 3d tactical combat engine, rather than just a plain hands-off combat calculator.In the end I was somewhat disappointed that the game wasn't all I had hoped it to be, and therefore felt that I had not quite got my moneys worth, but it is engaging. I might have been happier had I bought it on a sale. If you are hoping that this is the ultimate space 4x game, then I didn't find it so. I do want it to be thouigh.I would have scored it a 7/10 at release, with the potential for getting to 8/10 (maybe even a 9) after a few patches, some AI improvements, and a lot more user created content.If customisation, mods, and user created content is what you are after, then you might be happy with it eventually. If you are expecting a well-polished game with all the bells and whistles and a decent campaign and strong AI for single-player games, you will be disappointed right now.It is certainly not (yet) the 9+/10 that most magazines gave it."
76561198041261957,Not Recommended,226860,16874200,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Михаил Грозный,"Good ideas and game but without hotseat, I don(t see the point, I hoped it had hotseat and was disapointed!!!I love to play these games with my family and I cannot, I will stick with civ beyond earth then.I will play this game if there is a hotseat mode implemented in a future patch.A shame really!!!"
76561198035125220,Not Recommended,226860,16539195,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[Timo] Turtle,"Its a good game.  But early access ""Beta"" was pretty much in ALPHA state.  The current release as of June 18, 2015 (sold as as a finished product) is really Beta stage quality.  I like the game, but would be too embarrassed to recommend it to anyone I know.  The game might have multi-player support, but the bare bones multi-player setup lobby makes finding multi-player matches so painful that it seems that noone actually uses it.  After weeks of trying I have yet to be able to get into a multi-player game, so I can't even tell you if multi-player mode works well."
76561198079478833,Recommended,226860,16566158,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,PeteInCary2,Lots of fun to play. Still adding content.
76561198072541793,Not Recommended,226860,18231773,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,bradyke4,its a decent game i bought it because i played one of the earlier games but the story of the game is a huge build up for nothing i played it and beat it in a few hours and it was befor anything they had said was going to be on it even happened. and the ai is mediocre at best the diplomacy only mildly affects the game play and the other empires really only react to your advances overall a waste i bought it for 20$ when it was on sale and i cant even reccomend it for that proce
76561198098127595,Not Recommended,226860,18315194,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Zedd,Its horrible.  Almost impossible to figure out.  and the tutorial teaches you nothing.
,Recommended,226860,18219038,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Silver,YESSSSS
76561197964486395,Not Recommended,226860,18231703,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Khunter,"After 7 hours of playtime, if feels exactly like GalCiv 2.No new innovations, just upgraded graphics.Regret spending money on it at even 50% off."
,Not Recommended,226860,17466883,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Aagrajaag.-{ToR}-.,"Fun game, but the ""Wait"" hang bug definately needs to be fixed"
76561198032522604,Not Recommended,226860,19082632,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Goatman (Goats are EVIL),"This game lack depth,  good graphics and a good progress thruout length of the game. The AI is too predictable and its to easy to work around it.In all, it looks and operate like a game made 10-15 years ago and it aint worth the price steam demands for it.But it is still abit playable, but overall, its a poorly made game.To be honest, i found Lost Empire Immortales, to be a better game than GalCiv3.... and it was made back in 2007 ish"
76561198171361246,Not Recommended,226860,15979739,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ucmj1988,game stalls and crashes
,Recommended,226860,15834555,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,☈Phenom cs,"I played a bit of the second one and have more hours on this than what it shows. (offline mode) Anyways, being I didn't play tons of Gal Civ II I can't really compare it to this. It feels like the same game with more features and modernized graphics. I love 4x games to kill time and never regret getting lost in them while the time flies by. This is no different and is a great addition to the genre. Definitely worth the money and I plan on losing hundreds of hours to this in the future."
,Recommended,226860,18811665,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Malaiit PerVida,Very good game.   I have loved the Gal Civ line since the beginning.
76561198163758396,Recommended,226860,23554254,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,jdsaa,great game
76561198037075681,Recommended,226860,24701697,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,QuitYourSniveling,"I've been waiting for over a decade for something to top Masers Of Orion. And here it is. I wish I had more control of my fleet once combat started, but beyond that, this game is very well made. Diplomacy plays a HUGE part of the game, and the resorces create a whole new level of tech upgrades and planetary development. 9 out of 10. Well done."
76561198040481057,Recommended,226860,25112943,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Doctor Sho,"A game with massive depth, and quite challenging. Definitley one of the best 4x games Ive played, although the tutorial needs to be more thorough. On very large maps managing assets can be a pain in the neck. But overall, a very engaging game with alot of depth."
,Recommended,226860,14695659,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Nicen Jehr | LF Dominus MDGA,"I have been looking for games where I can play out space operas like the books of Iain M Banks and Peter Hamilton. This week I bought both GalCiv III and Homeworld Remastered and both offer a nice sense of epic scifi storytelling.I cant speak to mechanics or balance yet. I am five hours and maybe 200 turns into my first game. I am UP chair, i have two shipyards and no military units and lots of research. I'll see if I can sweet talk my way to ascension without a military -_-"
76561198045409472,Recommended,226860,17490758,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,dickinsontony,fun game to play
76561198044410899,Recommended,226860,25312486,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Flamingcheetos,good game takes time to really get to know the full game
76561197984647109,Recommended,226860,17970306,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,unteroffizer jager,4/5
76561198004019390,Recommended,226860,17403354,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,PHILIN,The very good. But  lot of shortcomings and unfinished... Finish faster pliz!!!!
76561198025698687,Recommended,226860,23495045,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,adam,ok
76561197999067231,Not Recommended,226860,33360565,Posted: 7 July,all,Duke Nukem Lives,"Its a solid 4x space strategy game. Where it falls down is the combat graphics.There are two battle choices , galactic screen battle and video recording.  If your going to take the time to design and build your own ships for battle(which was an excellent idea), you would atleast like to have some controll over the strategy of the battle, instead of watching a video recording with your ships inserted into it.They could have at least added a bug out button to save the rest of your fleet. This one thing makes the game visually bland and uninviting for replayability.They could have made it like Total War choices , battle decided for you or you command the battle. Or even like Sins of the Solar Empire in the battle screen. I suppose the developers thought it too complicated to write software to accomodate the myriads of ship desighns and configurations. In any case its a still a solid game 4.9 out of 10"
76561198028560556,Not Recommended,226860,23321929,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,ArisenSwordfish,Lots of random bugs game will crahs when suing the custom ship builder
,Recommended,226860,25001817,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Dragonspride1995,"This is a great turn based stradegy however the AI even on beginnner is way to difficult, tacticly it is difficult to understand what you are doing wrongly, it seems the AI only cares about mass production, technology other then the combat and engineering perks seems to have very little relevence to the playout of the game."
76561198033306480,Recommended,226860,25162677,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Pappy0357,"Hey all, played GC I years ago and came back to the franchise with GC III - really brings back memories. Great game and not too convoluted to understand and have some fun with it. Loving the new mods people are making!"
76561198007347209,Recommended,226860,25174679,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,kensley,Love this game
76561198271702253,Recommended,226860,24935497,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,KingSTORMBORN,An intresting turn based space strategy game that is also a sandox title but............ ON AN EPIC SCALE. Many factions that are almost totally different from each other. Create your own species and design your own fleet then place your bid for glacatic dominace. TRY your luck agaisnt me....IM A KING
76561198093532248,Recommended,226860,24999209,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,jtolotta,The game play is good.  There are some problems :1)The constant idle planets2)When you have to go through this you also have to destroy some thing  (Redicules)3) Steam !! God I hate steam. (I bought this from you directly from you and it was not in my stean walett)Ware is my money??
76561198093997616,Recommended,226860,33268199,Posted: 5 July,all,xEZ87x,Love the customization of the ships.
76561198048209907,Recommended,226860,26126342,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Gollentar,"Excellent game, like Stellaris cross Civilisation."
76561197993272889,Recommended,226860,26139650,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,poltrojan,"Civilization in Galatic form, fun turn based stragety game."
76561198031712524,Recommended,226860,17309404,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,clearhope,It has enough things going for it that I am still playing it. That is the only true measure of a game.Besides...The Alignment/Faction blurbs when you colonize a planet are hilarious.Continue to amuse me puny mortals of Stardock and I will keep buying your games... for now.
76561198047309978,Not Recommended,226860,25195123,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,DraconiusKnight,"I bought this game when it was first released and ended up having to make a return after spending over 6 hours trouble shooting it to get it to just simply load. It unfortunately never did, even after me sending a full troublenshooting report and Error log to Stardock. Now here it is months later and issues are still not resolved. I read the patch notes and updates and players are still complaining of the same issues they had on release.-Constant CTD's, with no error, or reason presented from the game engine.-Systems that meet or exceed system requirments (by hefty amounts) still crashing for no reason.-Memory issues, and save corruptions of larger games.-Failures to load or endless loading-Stuck processes, or things just don't work.-Constant Bug Fixes, but new bugs take there place.The list goes on and on, and on...The sad thing is I love GC2, and want to love GC3, however everytime I check the status things appear to be getting worse rather than better. I read comments of the patch notes and updates and its filled with crashes and people who would just like to keep the game running stable but can't.These issues are game engine and development stability issues, not your PC.When every other game in Our libraries plays flawlessly, and your game won't even get to the loading Screenthats on your code, not our PC's.Stardock I don't know what happened here but this constant trend of releasing half QA'd Turd's has got to stop. Stop using paying players as your crash test dummies. Stop Releasing not even ""beta test"" worthy titles as AAA games and then siphoning more money from players with Shotty DLC that should be included in the original games to begin with.AND FOR THE LOVE OF SOFTWARE> Please Fix your game before you try to sell DLC for it, because that really means your priorities are mixed up and makes you look like you have shady business practices."
,Recommended,226860,27263083,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gigantor Zarghoul,"Build your own ships or download community built ships, then dominate your galaxy!"
76561198122268719,Recommended,226860,29530904,Posted: 27 January,all,IsotopeC14,"Hindsight is 20/20. I'm very happy that I chose to get the Alpha of this game so that all the expansions would be free. I played hardly at all until Mercenaries, Game is great, runs a bit slow on my rig when the maps are large, but the game-play is a ton of fun. I hope they keep adding to this for years!"
76561198027980272,Not Recommended,226860,29726142,Posted: 5 February,all,gutoue,"normal AI provide no chanlenge at all. I have to play incredible or above for a competitive AI. but hard AI only win by bonuses.the AI research advance like 10 ages ahead of you. so the only possible way to win is to play nice with everyone and grind for same level tech by almost end game, and then win in a blink...generally no fun at all. I agree with bonuses for AI for a challenge. but at least the tech level should not be so far ahead. right now, I can not wage war againt anyone before end game since the huge tech difference. so all the tech, all the weapons in between is ignored. only end game ships are actually used by me.a more constant challenge game with continious conflicts sounds more fun to me."
76561198030779700,Recommended,226860,29655078,Posted: 2 February,all,OS,Insane map... wow...
,Recommended,226860,28551324,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,wolfheart111,My favorite game Thank you
76561198032591369,Not Recommended,226860,21516473,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,hariel777,"For shame, Stardock, for shame.  You compelled me to make my first ever review because this game is THAT poorly done.You outdid this game with its predicessor, Galactic Civilizations IISins of a Solar Empire, though a different style, leaves this in the dust.Endless Space, though a bit flawed itself, has polish and balance.This hunk of crap should never have come off of your servers.The AI does not obey the rules of production or economy.  Multiple times I have had more than one AI-led civilization magically appear at my doorstep with ship hull sizes and weaponry that in no way should be available to them at the time they attacked me.  Not to mention the sheer numbers of vessels that the AI has thrown around.  And, this was on the easiest setting.  This on a 1.6 version release is unacceptable.  A game balance issue like this should be addressed in alpha, let alone beta.  To add on, you are going to fix this unintended behavior with an expansion pack?!  So, its a patch that I am going to have to purchase to make the game playable?!?!?  Yeah no.At least I got the game on sale, even if it is now uninstalled and will never be played again.2/10 for the game.  The ship creator is great.  Worst game I have played this year by far."
76561198033544896,Not Recommended,226860,23385731,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Liarparadox,"Although I've never played any of this series before, it felt old in the first hour of play. I don't know what it is but this game just doesn't feel like a new game or very interesting. It seems rather shallow with predictable AI and fairly contrived winning conditions, which just seems too easy to exploit (or get crushed if you don't recognize the ""path"" to get ahead). The micromanaging seems to happen very early on, which usually doesn't feel annoying in these strat games until late game. But here looks like micromanaging is almost from the very start of the game. I'm not even sure I can stomach carrying on at this point. But that's a personal thing that I just have little patience for; that doesn't mean the game itself it bad; maybe just a style thing.I can still recommend this to people as ""decent"" on its own; but considering what else is out there; it's tough to recommend this over other games.For me specifically, coming from EU4, expectations of depth and true variety of diplomacy and gameplay, maybe it's just difficult to move to a game that looks like a regression. Thankfully I got this on a big sale; but if i could I'd get my money back asap. Again, it's not a bad game; but I think I gotta stick to Civ/EU. The diplomacy in this game just really sucks and to me that's a must have now. This game feels like it would have been amazing 10 years ago. But the mechanics just feel old and boring and done over and over again. I don't know why people rave about the graphics. They pretty much suck ♥♥♥ for 90% of the game. The board you look at looks like an iphone 4 game at best, and that's what you're looking at almost the entire time. The ""depth"" in this game isn't genuine; AI is highly predictable and you either counter them and dominate, or get crushed. So much of the game is just little bells and whistles to make it look deep. It isn't and you can ignore a substantial portion of the game elements almost from the very start.If i had to guess why so many people love this game, it's because they either haven't played other strat games or it's specifically the space stuff they are in love with. Don't buy this game at full price. Get it on sale at best. I, like many others would only narrowly call this a good game. But I've seen enough 5 hours in to know that it's tedious, predictable, bad AI, and not very deep. But that won't bother everyone as much as me; i'm comparing it to other strat games that solved (or at least improved greatly) these issues years ago.TLDR: not a bad game, but it gets tedious pretty quickly and there are better games out there with far more depth. As others have mentioned, the depth isn't here and you'll be clicking ""next turn"" over and over again waiting for something interesting to happen. Spoiler: it never will."
76561198059718128,Not Recommended,226860,18212152,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kadjai,"This game is still in Beta.  Early Beta.  Almost Alpha, but not quite.They are trying to make the DLC more like what the real game should be worth, which I'm actually okay with (especially with the 50% discount), but paying more than $25 for this is not fair, as the game is not fully completed.Many obvious bugs of varying proportions exist throughout every aspect of the game.  Tooltips are ""N/A"", some balances are waaay off, and AI movement could still use a lot of work.I'd like to recommend this game, and I think the team has done a lot of things right - the maps and combat style, and tile bonuses (though not without their own beleagurements), and the overall turn flow is very nice.  This game has potential to be the best space colonization game out there (despite the fact that there is nothing 3D about it).Another 6-9 months?  I think that's a likely time horizon for when this game will be completed.  Until then I bid you Huzzah!"
,Recommended,226860,18216196,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,BronzeBomber,"This is the 4x game I have been looking for since Civ V.  It has nearly cleaned that awful taste of Civ: Beyond Earth, out of my mouth.  Nearly."
76561198052882863,Not Recommended,226860,31749516,Posted: 14 May,all,smx_thunderbird,"Well, this was fun.. until it got ruined with the latest expansion.The galactic events are numerous I've got a whole bunch with multiple instances of the same event, sometimes even 3 or 4 times over simultaneously.Then the wait begins: the game likes to freeze when you pass the turn and you wait and wait and wait... and that's all she wrote..Even better, it's more streamlined now. You don't have to bother with in game economics. The taxes all sort themselves now so you got a positive balance no matter what. There is no more fine tuning approval vs. taxes and production. Nothing. You just build those ships and research some technologies and wait 'till everything sorts itself out.It's a mess. I'm thoroughly dissapointed. I can't even say anything else... just eyecandy with fancy graphics and no real or just really buggy gameplay.Stardock really has to sort itself out"
76561198029628833,Recommended,226860,24600992,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,cgenereux,Great game but campaigns are too short.
76561198030746303,Recommended,226860,28602487,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,germanspy,Overall it is a pretty good time killer.
76561198024978546,Recommended,226860,31872938,Posted: 20 May,all,hatefulpeace,"I will start with, I have been following this game since I saw it go to early access. My first 4x game was Galactic Civ 2, and I played it for many many hours, very impressed with it. Since than I have played, Civ 4, Civ 5, Stellaris, Distant Worlds, and star ruler. Distant worlds was my favorite. Gal Civ 3 is my new favorite, and I dont see my self going back to Distant worlds.I shouldn't of waited so long on this game. This is the best looking 4x game I have ever seen, the animations and graphics are A+++, the UI is very easy to understand, and I jumped right in. I am very impressed that it can take advantage of my ryzen 8 core cpu, I have never seen that before. I haven't got to far into the game yet, but turn speeds are under a second in the biggest map with 14 AI.I see playing this for a very long time. Thanks for making a very great sequel to Gal Civ 2, I am very very impressed, well worth the 59.04 for all the DLC, game, and expansions:) Been awhile since I bought a game, and didn't have any feelings of wanting to return it."
,Recommended,226860,18923637,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,robolsonsr,"Love this game!  Only thing I'd like to add would be auto advance of turns.  Other than that, I play it all the time!"
76561198031264260,Recommended,226860,18866155,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,robert.james1,"Likes: nice clean interface.   More of the same as previous versions with more polish.  Great ship designer.Dislikes: Poor AI - especially after 1.4 update.   Diplomatic messages make no sense / out of context.   Races at which I am not at war are all blockading my planets.   Few diplomatic options, i.e. get outta my space.      Starbases need to be mixed - i.e. add a mining module, add an economic module with less options/distinctions for each otherwise  far too many needed and are tedious (was very surprised to see that repeated from v2).  Too easy to colonize everything early in game.   Trying to trade usually requires giving away the farm to get back a horse."
76561197977162993,Not Recommended,226860,19005751,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,vpascjr,"This game is no where near finished.  There are absurd design flaws, like not being told what pop-up boxes are for, doesn't center on active units, crashes if you lose a planet, etc.  There are lots of things in the game, and none of them work together.  The tutorial doesn't even tell you what to do, or show you how to use the insanely confusing UI.  Every other civilization has quicker researching, and infinitely stronger and more rapidly produced military, and you don't even have the ability to defend what you've built.I mean, I can't even begin to tell you how terrible this game is.  I wish I had my money and time back.  I thought I would give it a try after the recent update, but my god, I've played free 4x games on my phone that are infinitely better than this.Do NOT waste your money on this game."
,Recommended,226860,19370189,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Nitro Zeus,This game is an absolutely wonderful way to get out thos epesky conquer-the-galaxy urges we all have.
76561198007326933,Recommended,226860,19291811,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,brenden.71,"Love most parts of this game. Fantastic UI, immersive game play and significant customization.The biggest improvemnts would be ful workshop integration tht allowed more significant modifications."
76561198179048662,Recommended,226860,19317923,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,chrisoflongview,"Definatly a great 4X, must have for someone looking for an in depth stategy game."
76561198053234521,Recommended,226860,19324494,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,mchlbrnrd,Decent game.  One of the better spacey Civ games. Still exploring what the game has to offer after several hundred hours of play.
76561198065794653,Recommended,226860,19348769,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,james.z.goudreau,I have played for a week or so and there is still a lot to discover.
76561198009140854,Recommended,226860,19356422,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ooo_ootini,This game is an excellent cary on from Gal Civ II.  Looking forward to the DLC that will improve sandbox play for long term replayability.
,Not Recommended,226860,19698632,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Cmdre.FloppyDrive,"It's not deep, it's overloeaded. Performance is a joke."
,Recommended,226860,19810070,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,broster91,Amazing game
76561198009663492,Recommended,226860,20201369,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,bradleyoh,Awsome
76561198078749850,Recommended,226860,20154260,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Comrade Kompira,"Great game, highly enjoyable."
,Recommended,226860,20158120,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Third Eternity,"A marked improvement over Gal Civ II, with AI's and options more than sufficient to provide continuing challenge and replayability."
,Recommended,226860,20159151,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,kingmythryl,I love all the customization options in this game. Absolutely addicting.
76561198022825831,Recommended,226860,19515261,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,crawdadr,A lot of fun
76561198027873729,Not Recommended,226860,20101013,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Saebian,"Terrible.  Same exact game as my Gold Editioni Galactic Civ II  with less option to boot.  Buggy as all get out .. are you sure this is out of Beta?  When it crashes it freezes my entire computer forcing a hard reset.  The AI is overpowered.  They always seem to surround you imidiatly, get angry at you even when you give them EVERYTHING you can so war is completly unavoidable.  You are forced to spear head your research into nothing but Military just to be overwhelmed by the AI's impossibly strong ship, and that's on Normal.  This game may be a worth your time if it was free.  Not at all worth $40 let alone $60.  Save your money and you patients and avoid this game until its free or $10."
,Recommended,226860,18767080,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Mark,Great Game
76561198075512091,Recommended,226860,18363276,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,dt7767,The extreme colonization needs to be fixed.  I researched the entire  colonization tree and still cant colonize the radioactive or bioharzard planets.   Theyre not part of the selectable planet atmospheric cleansing.  Also whats with the exponential spike in fraction power from one moment to the next....dont seem realistic.
76561198050714363,Recommended,226860,18743771,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Tormand,If you liked Civ 5 you will LOVE this game!
76561198054267328,Recommended,226860,18751493,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,NONAME,I have always been a fan of GalCiv series. This 3rd edition is a must have.
76561198052376617,Recommended,226860,30534121,Posted: 15 March,all,npgade,Just one more turn!  Then I will go to bed.  I mean it this time.
76561198059224436,Recommended,226860,30480924,Posted: 12 March,all,Kestrel,"Devs need to add more commands for the ships, like  engage the enemy that is  in the radious of the ship, sentry and guard is useless.The game is a bit more confuse than galciv 1 and 2, and needs more options/control over the units."
76561198277856652,Recommended,226860,30495201,Posted: 13 March,all,SpicyChickenPenis,Very good game
,Recommended,226860,18622292,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Skeptic491,Its like CIV5 but in space!I would like to see more control over invasions but I would recommend.
,Recommended,226860,18574590,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ryry117,Dats good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198006749995,Recommended,226860,18578384,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,SCHIZO 27,"Excellent game, i built the federation U.S.S Enterprise then embarked on genocide instead of exploration."
76561198113168010,Recommended,226860,18602264,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,emilio.meneses,totally adictive....I will loose my job because of it!
76561198061513966,Recommended,226860,18375346,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,rbunker80,very detailed
76561198033903244,Recommended,226860,23352160,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,c_mackay,"Excellent game, definately an improvement over previous versions.  Slick graphics and only one crash in many hours of play on the insane mode, very impressive.  I had two observations I have been thinking about.  The first is I cannot find an auto attack mode for ships now which was a great function in the previous game.  I need that as I like to play insanely large games.  The seond eludes me now but ill post it later if I remember."
76561198052028737,Recommended,226860,16986505,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,dwassenaar96782,"By far the best civilization builder I have ever played.  Much more fun than any of the earth based civ games though those were also fun, just not on this scale."
76561198033705184,Recommended,226860,16986568,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,everettwakefield,"While it does have real replay value.  I do find it alot like GCII with a new coat of paint. But being the strategy gamer I am do find myself losing 4 hrs playing it.  So I must find myself not bad, not bad at all"
,Recommended,226860,16986915,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,dudacuss,the game is pretty fun i wish they had someorbiting planets and the AI didnt seem to know the map on normal and up but best intergalactic strategyy game ive playes thus far.
76561198152734105,Recommended,226860,16989207,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,trippinator42,"I enjoy these type of games so i love it by default, there are some bugs/ issues that are still being worked at by the developers to be sure. That is something to expect for something that has been released recently. Also for those with a laptop like me, be wary that there are three map sizes you can't play on due to low RAM."
,Recommended,226860,16990409,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,lordofwar_987,"Another amazing entry to the Galactic civilizations universe, as always the team at stardock have provided an amazing game."
76561198007245904,Recommended,226860,16990566,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Sully1984,This game is F%$KING awesome!
76561198178126050,Recommended,226860,16985313,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,riccounselor,"I like the game. I have been wanting to play another space based sci-fi turn based strategy game since Alpha Centauri. I never heard of the first two Galactic Civilizations or I would have purchased them along time ago. The personalities and backstories of the different races are good. The art work is also very good. A person who is familiar 4x games like the Civilization series or Alpha Centauri will get the hang of the game pretty quickly, but someone not as familiar with the genre might have problems getting the hang of the game. I do wish they had longer and more elaborate in game cinematic sequences; after playing for hours and finally winning, a good cinematic sequence would be a welcome reward for the effort. I also think they should make them specific to the individual races to reflect the personality of the race, as well as the particular victory condition (for example: Terran Conquest or Ascension victories should look different than those same victories for Yor). I know some gamers don't care for long cinematic scenes as a reward for winning, but a simple solutiom would be to just give player the option to turn the cinematic scenes on or off. Also there is a bug, at least at this time, that causes the game to crash if you destroy a planet. I had this happen with a game I played, and I saw a post from somone else complaining about the same problem. Also, I think it would have been nice to animate the portraits of the minor race leaders the same way the portraits for the major race leaders are, but this is a minor issue. I love the look of the battle sequences when you choose, ""view battle."" The game has much replayability."
,Recommended,226860,16985439,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Krovikan,"Do you like fresh air? Getting to bed on time? Interacting with friends and family? Well that's over the second you buy this game, amazing 4x game that forces you to really pay attention to every facist of the game. They did a great job designing this game."
,Recommended,226860,16985614,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Drakensteel,"Saw a positive review for the original years ago and picked it up, been my favorite 4x series since then.  For me at least, the biggest benefits to 3 specifically are the better race customization, resource system, planet building system, and carriers (yay carriers).  Overall I am quite happy with it, tho some areas do feel like they are lacking in polish."
76561198032010849,Recommended,226860,16985816,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,mdm24601,Excellent game. Worthy successor to the previous game. Well done.
,Recommended,226860,18299694,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Roskiy,"I love this game and i guess i played it's predescesors for as many as 10 years, i would love more options to be in the game but still i take it as it is as well.GOOD :- nice graphics- good tech trees- excelent ships designer and fantastic customization options, that allow you to unleash your tactical and design creativity- space stations are awesome !- cool story !- and definitly one of my favorite gamesUNCOOL :- There is no option to withdraw or run from the space battle as per ship or entire fleet- Invasions are borring may be they should be like a space battles and with a withdraw option if things are getting wrong way- no spionage or sabotage- diplomacy is too ""undiplomatic"" and simplistic i gues each encounter should have several phases- no boarding option for space stations"
76561198030446037,Recommended,226860,18305242,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Eoghammer,as every precedent iteration of Gal Civ it is a reference in this style of game.
76561198031045755,Recommended,226860,18774108,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mortonij,"This game is good at being an immersive 4X. After the initial build up of your empire the play gets really interesting. It is advised to save alot of the time. Every time you make a descission only after does it become clear that ""oops it was the wrong choice to make"" and relode the save that you did before. This way you can learn to adapt as the game unfolds. The AI is unforgiving so do not expect an easy game, when all is set to normal. It does seem that the AI is out to get you. One of the best that I have ever played against.Strategy is just unparralled. It is awesome strategic planning and play. Adapting and adopting as the game plays keeps interest for weeks on one game."
,Not Recommended,226860,18270324,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Dude8851,"This game locks up A LOT on Windows 10.That being said, the 2 turns I can play before it locks up are fun...Does anyone know a fix for this?"
76561198027427747,Recommended,226860,16917876,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Apone,Great Game.
,Recommended,226860,15855209,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,retard,fun
76561198053295718,Recommended,226860,15872667,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,kaichun.lin,good
,Not Recommended,226860,18658399,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Chashmodai,Large empire penalty
76561198065089392,Not Recommended,226860,18888641,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Solemnwind,"I would not recommend this to anyone. There is no combat strategizing.  With not being able to control your ships in combat this game is increadibly boring and the layout with the hexagons, makes it feel clustered. I was horribly dissapointed, money wasted :/"
76561197986356414,Not Recommended,226860,17423765,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Skyjumper1977,"no replay value , 3 stars"
,Not Recommended,226860,15860516,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Chris Daylight,"GC3 is finaly out of beta, The Campaign is short inspiring but uneventful.They fixed so you can play 5760x1080 now, it's at least something.The only way to get a interesting gameplay is challenge one of your verry patient friends.The game feels like a copy paste of GC2 with added sprites & events.Its a good game just like GC2 but nothing more than that, seems like the creators lost their spirit half way in.I'd Like to give a Thumbs up but just as the feeling of the game, no better to buy Galactic Civilizations 2."
76561197997534977,Recommended,226860,23356788,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,aeath,"Great game, enjoyed playing. But can be bit tedious."
76561198036264314,Not Recommended,226860,23336352,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,orc_food,"boring.  Not fun and I like trun base games like this.When the game let me try to take over a world.   By the time my fleet got there,  The defender  had a bigger fleet setting around that world EVERY time."
76561198011949024,Recommended,226860,23336881,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,gurinavy,"\""one more turn\"" syndrome is back...with force.... ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!wishlist for the game:-admirals for your fleets!! with perks and what not-actual fleet coherence...umm like how you can name a fleet but if you dock it at a station or planet the fleet gets disbanded .... rather annoying.-random comets crashing into planets..."
76561197985951472,Not Recommended,226860,23271798,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,er,Playing this type of games i choose biggest map maximum opponents and kill them all to win...And i dont like GC in that way. Dont know why i finish what i started.The game is so not thought through in the details in course of long game and its keep crushing.
76561198010769296,Not Recommended,226860,23276710,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,vwreid,The game on-screen text font is very difficult to read and the background colour adds to the difficulty to read. menu text is very difficult to read.
76561197971905874,Recommended,226860,23216446,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,daver308,"Game is fun, but there is very little to show me how to design ships or see how my money is being spent..."
76561198120598251,Recommended,226860,23406657,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,matthewcd76,"So far, I've played through a couple times and made a custom race.  I really enjoy the game, but I still don't quite have the hang of it.  I am having trouble getting through the campaign.  I do really enjoy it though  and am going to keep on playing it!"
76561198002537020,Recommended,226860,23410620,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Jim0322,I like it.  ;)
76561198254983817,Recommended,226860,23416046,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,johnsmesa,it is really interesting game with tons od options
76561198049540232,Recommended,226860,23416820,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,tgvogt,"Fun game to play, especially since it is turned based and you can pick at it no matter how much time you have.Love some of the diversity in ship styles you can create.Only thing I will say negatively is the government system could use tweaked. Seems odd to not pick some sort of true government and receive bonuses for it as you research or trade for it. Should the Drengins ever get the pacifist bonus simply because I can trade them the technology? Nope.Like I said, solid game with one minor complaint."
76561198001801800,Recommended,226860,23418445,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,ColorsFade,"Fantastic 4X game that draws heavily on inspiration from Sid Meier's Civilization games. Plays just like a Civ game, but with added features that increase fun.The GoodClassic turn-based Civ-style playUser Interface is clean and easy; makes managing the game a snap.The developers did a good job simplifying a complex game, making it easy to get into.Tech Tree is awesome. Can seem overwhelming at first, but then you get it.Ship builder is fantastic. Don't build a fleet without it!Resource Collection is done really well. I like this part of the game.Managing planets is done well, and the bonuses create variation.Ideology is a really neat, and at times powerful, aspect of the game. I enjoyed this a lot.Trading with other races is simple and powerful. You can trade anything, which is awesome.Everything is customizable when you start a new game, including victory conditions. I like this.The BadPerformance on larger maps. It can be pretty severe.It can sometimes be difficult to find certain information (or it is just unavailable)**.Like all these games, Diplomacy seems lacking. AI races have dialog options you don't.Overall: 9/10The performance issue is really the only glaring drawback. There's a couple CTD bugs, but the ones currently in existence can be worked around easily enough (unlike, say, Skyrim, where they just happen and there's nothing you can do).Honestly, it's just a really fun 4X game.** Example: If you want to know how many planets a faction has, you need to be able to trade with them to see their planets. But if you're at war, you can't trade with them, so you can't see how many planets they have. Which is kind of disappointing when you're trying to figure out what your enemy has left for you to conquer. This wouldn't be a big deal if you could easily scroll the map and just count them out, but on a large map with bad performance, you kind of want to keep such scrolling to a minimum. Overall, minor nitpick. The performance hasn't been enough of a deterrent to stop me from playing. This game is too good."
,Not Recommended,226860,23682158,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,[VF83]Shinjitama,was Just not my cup of tea
76561197965199290,Recommended,226860,22581729,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Brannoc,Did you enjoy Gal Ciz 1 or 2? Maybe you just like Civ games but want to try out scifi? Then this is kind of a no brainer.
76561197979151433,Recommended,226860,22583218,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,eXs Frallan - Road to 2k,Been a long time fan of the Gal Civ franchise and number III doesn't dissapoint.
76561198030850622,Recommended,226860,22788852,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,felic4137,the replayability is exceptional.  I find myself trying different strategies and loving what I come up with.   the forums and player friendliness make it an enjoyable game.
76561198011774861,Recommended,226860,22791408,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,corsayr,Good addition to the series. Must have for any fans of the original 2
76561198069403037,Recommended,226860,21001473,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Gurutree,"Great game , love it! Best of the series."
,Not Recommended,226860,20997801,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,nugunsknight,"I would like to have a shared mutliplayer feature, even though what I want doesn't matter in the end. Not a game worth full price in it's current state. I don't care if mainstream players only play super quick games on tiny maps. I want to play month long games with my brothers and some friends, spanning an insane map with countless other races ( at least 20 or so ) to trade, conquer and ally with. This is not possible. A great disappointment Stardock. I remember calling your support line years ago, (before gamestop bought Impulse) and there was a hilarious and unique phone prompt system in addition to the regualr options. I preordered 3 copies of this game for myself and my brothers. One of them works second shift and is not home when we are, hence why a shared save game would be ideal as we can each take a turn each day and just pull it off the shared drive.Just don't buy the game at full price please, if you must buy it. Stardock needs to fix themselves and their game.Cons:All players must be online and have the game running to play multiplayerNo ""Shared"" save games for extended plays with friends.A game started with 85 races and on an insane map will not get past turn 12.(Rig specs are octo core amd, 32GB ram, r9 270x, etc.)Pros:Great depth and continued story from previous GalCivs."
,Recommended,226860,22228174,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Noticeably_High71,Amazing 4x stratagey game!
76561198024939414,Recommended,226860,22239687,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Legio I Eboracum,AWESOME!!!!!!!
76561198295349537,Recommended,226860,25340500,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Mourning Star,"got time to kill? this game will solve that, and then some..."
76561198152612353,Recommended,226860,25275595,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,spidergb1pat,if you like the civilization series you will like this game.
76561197980169434,Not Recommended,226860,25448245,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Lordstorm,Not really good enough.
76561198010366377,Recommended,226860,25342326,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Maverati,Europa Universalis in space
76561197990727244,Recommended,226860,25313434,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,al.patterson,THIS GAMES IS GREAT!!!!!!!!! Can't stop playing!
76561198033429978,Not Recommended,226860,24355584,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Mexigerm,Broken garbage. Better auto-save every turn if you plan on trying to put up with all the random crashes.Jan 27th:Gonna give it another try. I'm really hoping the updates have improved this game. I really did enjoy playing until the glitches and crashes just got overwhelming.
76561197976351361,Recommended,226860,25269266,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DUDE with a GUN,"A Very fun and interesting 4X game.  If you like the Sid Meier's Civilization games, you will love this game.  The fact that combat is bit more complex and less boring than in other 4X games is a very strong selling point.  Also its nice that the game does not have the turn lag that CIV 5 has, or at the very least I haven't noticed it yet."
76561198103061719,Recommended,226860,30661031,Posted: 21 March,all,The_Ruiner,"Took a lot of great ideas from MOO2, which is a plus in my book.  Space battles are fun to watch.  Very challenging when you get into a war with multiple other civilizations, oftentimes figuring out what aspects of your civilization must be defended vs when you can take it to them."
,Recommended,226860,21736184,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,daniel9c2,I love this game I have already sunk like 50 hours into it...I am legitimately impressed.
76561197979774916,Not Recommended,226860,21741437,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,RabbitGlen,another game where designers have ignored any gameplay beyond the first 100 turns.
76561198018065628,Recommended,226860,24399787,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,dmineau,"As a near life-long fan of the ""Civilization"" series, I was blown away by this game.  If you like 4X games, you will like this.  It does new and different things that make it fun, interesting, and addictive.  The amount of customization that can be done and steam workshop additions are amazing."
,Recommended,226860,24467673,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Andreus El'Fides Aeterna,Civ 5 on Speed
76561198006407686,Recommended,226860,24476697,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Depraved Killer,it's Good!
76561198006531197,Recommended,226860,31566339,Posted: 5 May,all,grizzlydragon9,A good game to get lost in while building up your empire
76561198027462296,Recommended,226860,31577144,Posted: 6 May,all,Schteve,"Really great strategy game, love the customisation of your faction and ships."
76561197970600388,Recommended,226860,18982492,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,JethroQWalrusTitty,1.4 is where it's at
,Not Recommended,226860,31727154,Posted: 13 May,all,DrewsterUK,"The game could be a great one, and GalCiv2 was incredible.Unfortunately the endless random CTDs make this game near unplayable."
76561197996657581,Recommended,226860,20742491,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,B1G_DAWG,"Well after 300 hours of gameplay, many, many loses to them dreded Dregan.  After 518 turns I beat the tutorial.  This is not a game for the faint hearted.  The sandbox is entertaining but after readinng many Guides and viewing hundreds of hours of tutorial videos I finallly I think I know the game and I love it.  My wife is ready to divorce me for grinding sooo many hours into the game and my general bad temper.  I felt so stupid....  Be assured one can win the games tutorial eventually but you are not going to be abl to do it without learning the game.The game Manual is pretty but has very little content, go to the Wiki's, read the guides and watch the videos and plan on many hours of very deep thought.The game is not perfect but the thing is totally absorbing of the weak minded.Thank StarDock, I must play more, more and more...."
76561198031619661,Recommended,226860,21349316,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,bafarley,"With nearly 500 hours played at the time of writing this, Galactic Civ II is my go to game and I would recamend it to those who enjoy 4x stlye games."
76561198102510425,Not Recommended,226860,32043372,Posted: 29 May,all,BlindIdiotGod,"This ought to be an amazing game. It has a wide variety of features, is highly customisable, and is pretty much everything I look for in this sort of game. But, dear God, the bugs. You explore, colonise, and painfully build your empire until you're finally ready to take out your rivals. And, just as it's getting interesting ... Well, you upgrade a starbase. And suddenly, your starbase is invisible. It's still THERE. But you can't see it. Occasionally, this will happen to your fleets, too. There are workarounds, but it's consistently annoying.Far worse is the tendency for the game to hang mid-turn On the last game I bothered to pursue in any length, I was in the middle of a war in which the tide had just begun to turn in my favour. The turn stopped on the Altarians. So I waited. And waited. Went to make a coffee. Apparently, the Altarians were still thinking about it. I was actually able to start a completely different game, play that for a bit, and switch back to Galciv and the Altarians were STILL thinking about it. Tried loading a save game. Same problem. And it's not the only time that's happened.So far, I don't think I've actually completed a map. I get angry every time I play it. Every single time. I keep giving it another chance because the core game (when it actually works) is actually really, really good. But, until it's fixed, I can't recommend it."
76561198110289028,Recommended,226860,25567948,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,wongkwokwai112,veru ok
,Recommended,226860,25560495,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mr. PyroCrab,In what other game can you play as the Cybermen and ally with Yellow Diamond against Donald Trump 10/10 would upgrade the Imperium of Man again
76561198101421711,Recommended,226860,26364587,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,craig.schuler,"Nice in all aspects.  Somewhat similar to Master of Orion, but newer and nicer.  There's some learning required, but the learning occurs steadily while playing.  The bottom line is that I'm playing it intensively."
76561198138169012,Recommended,226860,14719519,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,[WEYU] ChaseWeyland,Nostalgia of Gal Civ II with better graphics and gameplay. Only issue: you can't seem to break alliances when you just want to kill something. Other than that - GREAT GAME!
76561198045040007,Not Recommended,226860,15400500,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Mr.Goodkat,"Well. This is my second review of the game. Lot of things changed. Most Bugs and errors are solved. Taht is good. I spend lot of hours with it and I'm still disappointed. Still no Techtree not really, lot of stuff to research but maybe too much. Sometimes is less better as much. The game has now a better balanec it is good.Next, ok it looks like a Boardgame. Pressing a Universe into a 2D Bordgame is strange a the first look, but it is OK. MOO had a 2D Universe either, long long ago. That are not enogh planets wihin the solar systems, i miss the kind of reality.But it is  just a Boardgame.I still miss a real time combat. Just watchin a movie sucks. I liked the combats in Sword of the Stars. It was not as a Homeworld combat but with a good tactic you win the fights even when you were lower in research. In GC3 you win if your research is higher then of the enemy. Nothing changed here. Combats are realy boring.The video Deatail are great. The whole game looks great. This is a damn good artwork. The Ship Designer is preatty cool. You can spend hours on creating new ships. That is i have missed in other 4X games.At the End:- get rid of the bugs (done)- make a techtree just for the eye. That game would look better then. (still not done)- make a realtime combat fights  (still not done)"
,Not Recommended,226860,24745255,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mimsy,Get GalCiv II instead.
76561198041586829,Recommended,226860,29734234,Posted: 5 February,all,No Free Lunch,Enough differance between all the races to keep it worth a play though with each one.
,Recommended,226860,24456905,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,the1skater,"The game has minor bugs ocasionally, but nothing gamebreaking and its never interfiered with the fun of the game. I love it! Super fun and my girlfriend hates me for playing it so damn much."
76561198030733888,Recommended,226860,21366825,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,mlhspike,one of the things i dislike is havine to click twice on two different icons to jpage through my ships
76561197983242452,Recommended,226860,21311516,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Rakabar,"Quite a bit of playability in this one. It may not be graphically rich, but it has decent gameplay and a (generally) sensible diplomacy engine. It is not too strageic, more like '4X-lite' and the enemy can be gamed quite easily."
,Recommended,226860,19277907,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ephewe,"This game is so good, I feel like it's pointless to review it on specific points.I'll just say this:If you like 4x games, then you simply *MUST* have this title in your library.It's as simple as that."
,Recommended,226860,14939944,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,CastVenus,"I cant speak for Gal CIV 1 but ive played 2 and 3 : WARING , for newbies like me, these games take LOTS of time to learn how to play. ill make it quick , this game has alot of potential yes, and yes its not done, but , even now its an amazing game.liked the space age on spore? PLAY THISliked mass effect? PLAY THISliked Civ 5? PLay thisyeah I admit I find it slow at times, but it manages to create an experience rts space games lack"
,Recommended,226860,14995338,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,freecookies,"Edit (5/24/15): It's out now, it's shipping. It's like I thought, they did fix whatever memory leaks it had, and all the production level code is rock solid. Ok, I think I've played enough to write about the game.I come from playing a LOT of Civ 5, so this will be from a Civ 5 perspective. So, planets are more or less cities. There are a lot less places you can settle on the map. Deciding where to settle is more or less not that interesting. See planet, settle on it. You'll need to hunt for planets, most of them are dead.Starbases are what you use to ""mine"" strategic resources with. Given strategic resources you can then build special improvements and ships. You can mine strategic resources by building starbases in someone else's territory! They might declare war on you though.So all of colonization consists of balancing between building colonizers and construction ships.I guess the big thing that's different is the actual planets/cities themselves - you can build improvements that cluster to synergize with each other to boost manufacturing, research, happiness, etc.The tech trees are just bizarre from a Civ 5 PoV. They resemble more of the tech web from Civ BE than anything else. Even the tech web is less bizarre than these though. And there are these strange limits on how far down a tech tree you can go too. These ""Ages"" throttle the depth. What governs when you flip over into a new Age? Dunno. There's no Civilopedia to explain anything to you. In fact, Stardock, if there's ONE thing you could do to improve your game, it's this. Civilopedia - look into writing one. I'm sure you have a tech writer at least on contract, get them to write a Civilopedia. I know, call it something else but do it.The whole set of combat units you can build is also bizarre too. In CIv 5 you have melee, ranged, naval and air units, and once you know the basics of all four of those, they do come in slightly different flavors of those four, but how they play more or less remains the same. They've split combat units up into both ship type and weapon type, and the resulting table of different ship types is daunting to say the least. And again, there's no Civilopedia to tell me what the difference is, and what would make you want to build one over the other.So is it worth picking up, if you like playing Civ 5? Yeah. Sort of. What word exists between ""yeah"" and ""meh""? Be prepared to do a lot of out of game research on the combat mechanics. In fact, I'd say read whatever strategy guides exist on the internet before buying this game. If the strategy guides pique your interest, then go for it.And like always, you might want to catch it on sale when you do, unless you're a fan of the series. I bought mine for $25 on sale and I think that's a good price.Ok, what follows is the original beta review.--This is *definitely* a beta. It leaks memory pretty bad. I could only get about 30 min of playtime in before it started swapping. The minimum recommendations require 4Gb with 6Gb suggested. I'd say you need at least 16Gb as of 3/21/15. I only have 8.I'll try this game again in a month or two and see if I can get further into it. I'm sure they'll go through and fix the memory leaks when it comes time to ship.In any case, I can't really render any opinion on a game that I've played only for 30min. It looks promising, could be better than Civ: BE, but I can't really say one way or another.Catch it on sale for now, unless you're a fan of the series. And be prepared to save and restart a lot.Edit: I've managed to save restart a few times now and have logged 2 hrs worth of play. Two things that are somewhat confusing to me - I get the idea that building starbases to mine variouis resources is a good idea, but exactly HOW is it a good idea? Don't know. And the tech tree, why does it sometimes plit into three when you click on a tech to research? Don't know. What makes those choices interesting when it does split into three? Dunno. Why is the choice there? Dunno.Otherwise I think it's on par or better than Civ 5. Definitely after all the DLC it's more clear and easier to pick up than Civ 5 + DLC, IMHO."
76561198019060054,Recommended,226860,14989403,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,nuclearwasp,"Really interesting game, with much functions relating to sid meier's civilisation, but wih futher options and experience. Currently the Ai are difficult to challenge as their score skyrockets mid game althoough i have learned how to counter this issue through practice, however its sill in beta. Such things as the immense customisation options are appealing, which includes ones which are set to be released in a later patch.  to summarise, its like endless space crossed with sid meier's civilisation saga, but with more to offer."
76561198016443146,Not Recommended,226860,28540665,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,AeRoTR,"Bought this on discount. I forgat to check the game. Few weeks later when I tried to start the game it would not launch. Just nothing. Tried some of the solutions, none of them worked.Steam did not accept my refund request as I bought the game like 2 weeks before my request. Now I have a game which does not work :)The only game in my steam library which does not even start."
,Recommended,226860,20142992,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Topkek1988,"The Game is Great, I gave it a perfect score 5/7"
76561198007273689,Recommended,226860,23680052,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Sandman12345,hours of fun!
76561198136772886,Recommended,226860,20103385,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Realfr0st21,vary good game
76561198026245281,Recommended,226860,23977078,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,henrik,"Really great game and very enjoyable once you get the hang of it. Addicitve and definitely replayable. With only a few minor fixes, it could be a Civilization V class game."
,Recommended,226860,23983331,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tomgi76,I like this game because there are so many different ways to win.
76561198039476543,Recommended,226860,23992044,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bernie,its great
76561197985664687,Recommended,226860,23992883,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Geezer,"I love this game, but I'm really disappointed by what seems to be lousy DLC."
76561198032130523,Recommended,226860,24000692,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,kkgg,Similar to the last game but upgraded enough to be enjoyable in its own right
,Recommended,226860,24001741,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Slagathor,"Great buy, on sale."
76561198027719598,Recommended,226860,24010171,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ausiehunter,Game seems good I would like a better auto move system with way points or somthing similar like the design options would like a design your own race feature.
76561198038597238,Not Recommended,226860,19380774,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mr. Bones' Wild Ride,"I've tried to enjoy this game again and again, and everytime, the result is the same. I cannot recomend this game. From the unfair difficulty and lack of balance between races, to bugs and typos and a general lack of polish, Galactic Civilizations 3 is an unfinished, dissapointing mess. Do yourself a favor and avoid."
76561198052251167,Not Recommended,226860,18274238,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,mattgroom,"Update: 22/8/16 - Still crap, and crashes. Also to play and win people say rush buy factories 1 turn after another and turn out colony ships is the only way to survive in close up games. The power chart is still rubbish and on normal the AI cheats.Terrible gameat least 20 different games and no win and that on the starting galaxy size, my custom toon.The opposition get too strong too fast. Within 30 odd moves I have 160 ships at my doorstep trying to kill me.Game crashes almost every 20 turns, it is so annoying.Noticed that the best way to win is to specialise in just one set of offensive and defensive tech. Choose missiles and armour, nothing else. Also when you custom your toon, choose the options where you have defenders on your planets and you dont use farms, insteadyou build assembly for population. Dont bother upgrading starbases, the bare basic mining is fine. Use ships to defend your space as required. Never upgrade a ship, decommission and get money and build the better versions. Set aside entire planets for wealth and reasearch. Home world is best maximised for production/research nothing else. Once you start getting extra planets try to move as much research off the home world so it can pump out new ships insanely fast.When you start the game you will be tempted to put everything into construction, dont. set variables to 50/50 manufacturing/research on home world and pump out colony ship/constructors at a steady pace. The research is required at the start. Try to even out your tech development for the planets, no point having too many developments in one path if you are building upgrades and get missiles and armour as deep as you can. Also get money ASAP, choose global economy faction when you can and get markets asap.Played the game on insanely large map, full list of opponents at adept AI. Customised my toon, so essentially everyone hates him, maximised prettymuch all the good stuff. And easily won the game very quickly. Just expand, expand, expand."
76561198031388414,Recommended,226860,20045558,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Captain FuggsBoi,Its like Civ Beyond Earth but Better and in space with lasers.
76561197961849388,Recommended,226860,26421826,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Boff,"Great fun, great depth - many 10s of hours playiability."
,Recommended,226860,26345583,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,basalisc,great game!
76561197983591537,Recommended,226860,23435090,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Pooter_Down,Great game!!! If you like the previous games you will like this one.
76561198060918803,Recommended,226860,23436298,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Macro_ninja,"Good game play makes it a chalange fun to make your own faction and ships,"
76561197989282725,Recommended,226860,23437859,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kris,A sound RTS. A reasonable difficulty ramp to keep you challenged without being ridiculous
76561198254648573,Recommended,226860,23470661,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,cbpekarski,Engaging and interesting for the cerebral player.
76561198059555171,Recommended,226860,26418418,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Daily Hot n Ready,Hours of fun
76561197970683990,Not Recommended,226860,21223895,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Dorque,"You have no input on the fights.  The strategic map is on a lovely hex map (which is stupid, because space) but they then don't use that for fights.  What's the point of a massive space game if you don't get to do anything with your massive space fleets?  No fighting means tech is boring (level 1 factory, level 2 factory..).  Hexes without space lanes for scale makes space boring (the nearest star to earth is five times further than Earth to Jupiter?)  High production values for movies are embarassing more than impressive (way to allocate budget, guys).  And not all mice have middle mouse buttons.I have played every single 4x game on Steam.  I made RTSs for a living.  The best of them all is still Sword of the Stars 1 (NOT 2)."
76561198059361175,Recommended,226860,18823832,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Danny Trejo,"I have been playing Galactic civilizations sisnce the first instalmnt of the franchise, So far I love he changes that were don, especialy the hexagonal grid, it gives you a better grasp on space and distance. The starbase building is diferent in a good way. Houever in my opinion the ship desing is lacking in comparison to the previous games."
76561198007148946,Recommended,226860,18838027,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,sorcim71,"I've played all three versions of this game to date. I love the series. The graphics and easy play is something I enjoy.Areas I'd like to see ""fixed""""Political interactions - Races really QUICk to goto war with one another.Treaties - Other then trading I have YET to have a treaty other then open borders. Have these even been fleshed out?Bring back CRUISE missiles. Loved then in the original GC1, missed them in GC2 (personnal pref).Enemy (Dregen) races already have your counter measures to what ever I use and in amount to keep damage to nil or minimum. (What they talked to the Pirates about me?) HAHA"
76561198041545357,Recommended,226860,18808298,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Harjawalder,"Greetings.I do like this ""hex""-map solution and turn based strategy games, so I'm likely going to like this game too.And I did :).The complexity of the evolvement tree is stil giving me a struggle, I miss a way to read moore about the techs and an offline or ingame ""calculator"" to navigate the techs.Some of the techs should be ""end of the road"" for a sertain branch, but it's ok.1000 turns is a log time... but it gives me lots of oppertuneties ;)The graphics is fine, but the ""attack movies"" is just for fun.I'm looking forward to get to know most of the races.Fly safe !!!"
76561198008291268,Recommended,226860,18992779,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,BeerSlayer,gg
,Recommended,226860,19943154,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,stealthwhiteman,"If you like civil Rev on xbox, this is the game for you!"
76561198114775903,Recommended,226860,26280925,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,drifter2282,Very good follow up game to galciv 2.
76561198008183835,Recommended,226860,26443246,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,alexanderdouglasclarke,"it's a great game, designing and then using your own ships really gives you some fun..."
76561198081158901,Recommended,226860,26469669,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dave-from-HR.,"Much yes , very large , big time killer , Needs warp gates on maps larger than large ....otherwise it takes a long amount to moving units from place to place."
,Recommended,226860,18839829,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Gattz,New ReviewAfter the patch 1.41 and watching a few Youtube Video for hints and better understanding of the game.With the old Wheel accessiable again. I found this game a lot more interresting. It is a bit of Micro Management. But At least you are allowed to play the way you want to.Before the patch I could only win against 3 AI at beginner difficulty.Now with the new patch I was able to do great against 4 AI at Normal. Now I can see my self getting better and reach for the Godlike level.If you are looking for a better Civilization style game. Galactic Civilization is what you are looking for. The deeps of this title is incredible. A true game where every New Game is different. If you played the game and feel for new challenge. Just try a new race.I am having so much fun to create my own race to fit my play style. Plus on top of that you can find some fantastic new races created by awesome people in the WorkShop.
76561198007452385,Not Recommended,226860,17462265,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Truly_xtreem,"I felt bad giving this a bad review, but could not give it a good one, I if a star system would have given it 5 out of 10, very mid level as it has some excellent parts to it.But at the end of the day for all the things it has done right, I find it hard to really get involved in playing, it quickly becomes a drag having to manage things over and over again, which each new colony once you have teched up is a case of selecting the same things over and over again, would be so much better if you could have a default build list or something to that effect."
,Recommended,226860,25056971,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,TheClitCommander,Great Game. Loads of micro managing options. An incredibly immersive strategy game.
,Recommended,226860,30367497,Posted: 6 March,all,bucher2198,game
,Recommended,226860,27765960,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,scdornberger,Best Game Ever.
76561198045094751,Not Recommended,226860,16224272,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,jrthom444,This game is really no different than Galactic Civilizations II with fancy graphics.  The lack of a distinct end turn button is really the nail in the coffin for me.  It makes no sense why the game forces me to micro manage.I would change my recommendation if they would just allow me to end the turn when I want to end the turn.  I want my planet and ship yard to be idle.  This was not a problem in Galactic Civilizations II.
76561198052890869,Recommended,226860,24096054,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ozymandias,"In spite of the occasional glitch, this is a solid well rounded 4x with great customisation and replayability.Looking for ward trying it in multiplayer."
76561198017032144,Recommended,226860,23650452,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Hunter12,Addictive
76561197987798780,Recommended,226860,33330651,Posted: 6 July,all,hottt3,For those who like 4x strategies. This game will hold you for many hours.
76561198021874148,Recommended,226860,23338025,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,tripper6913,Great game only will get better
76561198010971268,Recommended,226860,23338179,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,b1gdaddy,NEEDED A BREAK FROM CIVILIZATION AND THIS GAME IS AWESOME. A GREAT CHALLENGE.
76561198082463415,Recommended,226860,30612155,Posted: 19 March,all,rifter,Epic
,Recommended,226860,23232288,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,welcomer (aggressive),"It's a pretty good game, I wouldn't buy it or the DLC at full price though. One third of the negative reviews are that the AI is too easy and the other is that it's too difficult... of course it does have real problems hence the recommendation for a discount purchase."
76561198148248749,Recommended,226860,23234295,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,RAZIEL,"The campaign only have 3 missions was a gigantic fail however the sandbox mode is what to be expected of Galactic Civilizations series. There is a crash here and there but not too serious. My first review of the game was positive but on the second note I dont think its as good as it should be. It feels a lot like Galactic Civ 2. They didn't go out of their way to update the game. It would have been fantastic to see more effort placed into managing large civilizations of massive map sizes as well as better ways to control your empire on these maps. Overal the game is mediocre and more so geared towards Galactic Civilizations fans who will buy the game no matter how bad they do, as opposed to just being a good and most importantly easy to navigate and control. Did I forget to mention it doesn't come with an in game FAQ or support guide similar to the regular civilizations series. Makes it hard to even figure out what everything does... Definitely a game thats made for fan boys and not for gamers in general."
76561198045785616,Recommended,226860,30622873,Posted: 19 March,all,kimjungthrill,Love it!
76561197988259481,Recommended,226860,30350683,Posted: 5 March,all,maddaddocrok,"Awesome game.  Way too easy to get sucked into the ""one more turn"" trap."
76561198047167771,Recommended,226860,30365277,Posted: 6 March,all,Darthly_Bobicus,Excellent game with good customization. Just wish it had better integration with the workshop
76561198034362620,Recommended,226860,30385818,Posted: 7 March,all,stolyar,super
76561198175448837,Recommended,226860,30345223,Posted: 5 March,all,rockstar627,i love you GC3
76561198037458492,Recommended,226860,30367833,Posted: 6 March,all,ABigRedWookie,"I have played, and loved every Galactic Civilization game. The only difference between this one, and the previous installments, is that this one is even more difficult. Great game, thanks Stardock!"
,Not Recommended,226860,19398887,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Romero,"I haven't bought very many reviews but I bought this game once upon release for the full price and just recently during the Holiday sales. Both times, this game is incapable of booting at start due to a 'path' installation error native to the installer. Google GalCiv3 failure to launch, the issue is there. I have tried tickets, technical support, and all manners of troubleshooting. I cannot recommend this game."
76561198008400047,Recommended,226860,23657750,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Steely,"game has some bugs, turns hang meaning you have to restart or reload game, AI is very difficult even at lower levels too, but on the whole a good game. I like the abiltiy to fully customise your ships."
76561198007681248,Not Recommended,226860,32094748,Posted: 31 May,all,Ke45TRo0,"It's imposible to finish game due to the slow turn starting mid game. They always blame it on the PC performance but they are just lying. It's a coding issue.Oh it's a great feature but you can't even finish game. All I have is unfinished game. And sine they love to change the balanced of the game every 5 day, your save don't work with the new update.I don't recommend this game at all. And I have try to play it for 500 hours. But don't be fool by that huge number of play time, since you wait 30sec. to 10 min per turn, it's not that much.Get sometime else this game not worth your money."
76561197961479770,Not Recommended,226860,26305614,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Smoke Jensen,"I do like this game, honestly. But there is also honestly a few problems from a player who does not play turn-based all to often. A. I feel a in-game help with dealing with enemies would be helpful, how to conquer them and to play against them effectively. B designer, more options in editing and material, as well as basic controls on how to rotate, I had to look it up myself. C I'd like a even easier to beginning setting, espacially to those individuals who can't effectively play this. D. This game is very entertaining. E is for elephant. F. please let us design in main menu instead of in-game, if there is a way to design from main menu I have yet to see it. G is for gun. H. Please find it in your hearts to allow me to make easier to figure out how much research I will require before I can even unlock one of my own ships... Which research and at least make it unproducable in the shipyards.. I need to know.. J is for joke.. seriously a joke if you don't know the difference between galaxy and solarsystem.... A galaxy is not a solarsystem.. A galaxy is not THE UNIVERSE!"
76561197996936106,Recommended,226860,30837391,Posted: 30 March,all,D122id,I loved the old Galactic Civ 2 game and bought this as soon as it came out. That had the issues that it was unfinished and had many features missing yet I knew that it could be the game that it is today. This game has taken hours of my life and rewarded it with a good time.
76561197970886220,Recommended,226860,31009098,Posted: 7 April,all,hasoos,"I like the game in many aspects except for one.  Diplomacy.   The diplomacy in this game needs help.  When you are elected leader of the galctic senate, the few things you can do, are almost useless.  You can't even do the most simple of diplomatic manuevers, the trade embargo.   You choices are ""galactic celebration"", where the galaxy throws a celebration.  Woop dee doo.  Or an ecomnomic redistribution, where the rich guys have to pay the poor guys.  Again big deal.   How about some real diplomatic optoins.  Sanctions.  Trade Embargo's.   Or the ability for the Senate to vote to go to war.?  Diplomacy with teeth.Now that being said, the rest of the game is good, I have played it a few hundred hours over the years.   There are very few games where you can say you played them that much.  This is one of them."
,Recommended,226860,13386043,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Zeintry,"Is a very good game, if you like Civilization you will love this game. the game is still in beta and has some bugs such as crashes. But is very good"
76561197991328328,Not Recommended,226860,17681785,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Foomonchoo,Very shallow for a 4x game but I suppose Galactic Civilization has always been like that. More importantly though the game crashes extremely often.
76561198195556902,Recommended,226860,21678058,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Nvat75,Love the gameplay.  Need mor DLC!
76561198007485174,Recommended,226860,19788550,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,osj,Great Game:)
76561198093071121,Recommended,226860,16712979,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,GoldenTlair,"So I'm new to the franchise, but I absolutely love 4x strategy games. This game has so much detail and so much depth for early access I'm already in love.Pros:Customization of ships is awesome.Many selections from the map sizes to the amounts of resources layed around.128 multiplayer (da faq, RIP to non gaming PC machines)So many options and strategies to play you could easily spend 12 hours just preparing your strategy.Galaxies are filled with different resources making each game interesting.Consistent updates from the devs listening to their fans and making sure the fans love this game.Cons:Can be a little overwhelming to get a hang of. Be prepared to give yourself some time (1-4 hours) to get a hang on this game. Depending on how well you are with learning new games especially 4x games. (tutorial is decently made though, I just gal civ wiki'd things I didn't understand)Neutral:Devs need to continue with updates and keep checking in on their fans like they have been so this game remains ideal and balanced for years to come.9.5/10. If devs keep doing consistent updates and balances then easily 11/10."
76561198051120420,Recommended,226860,26996845,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,phil13b,This game has a steep learning curve.  So be prepared to put some hours into learning the system.
76561198123470219,Recommended,226860,27002985,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Emiraldentra,"The sequel of one of my most favorite games to date, featuring improved everything, additional customization options, a newer smoother interface, and a seemingly infinite amount of fun because i always find myself drawn back. Whether its to create a new spacefaring race to take hold of the cosmos, or simply challenge myself in a battle of wits with an apposing A.I. this game holds a special place in my collection."
76561198014067649,Recommended,226860,27054434,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OdinXivraj,Everything you love about Civilizations on a larger scale and without super cheat'y AI.
76561198009056548,Recommended,226860,16723183,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Kormer,"I'm giving this game a thumbs up with an asterisk.  This game's current state as of June 26th 2015 is uncomplete, but playable.Normally I would not give a game a thumb's up for that, but this is the first 4x game that I'm aware of that truely utilizes multi-core processors and is built around a 64bit technology.  In the 4x world, this means far larger map sizes than you are used to dealing with, and finally make space feel like a vast expanse.I can't state enough how big of a deal this is for this particular genre.  As a modder myself, memory restrictions have played a big part in not being able to go as far as my imagination would have liked to go.Having played the previous two GalCiv games, I have complete confidence that the unfinished features will find themselves back in the game at some point.  If you're new to the series, or 4x genre in general, you may want to stay away from now, but if not, feel free to reward a developer for pushing the technological boundaries further."
,Recommended,226860,16608709,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,UnwrappedShadow,"I think this is an amazing game. It's a HUGE improvement over the previous GC games and I find the improvements well placed. The graphis are nice for this type of game, and the music is wonderful! Art is good too, I found myself really captivated by the worlds when I saw them.The only bad thing is that things can get a bit predictable at times, but this is a rare occurance and only if you have a very LARGE map. A tightly packed map is very hectic and always keeps you guessing, it's a good challange.I would highly advise this game to any strategy game lover, as it offers a good challange and can leave a lot to enjoy even after a few games. I would advise also those of you who like sci-fi to pick this up, even if your unexperienced with strategy games."
,Recommended,226860,16506986,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Imbadatusernames,"Played as a custom nationunlocked the best kinetic weapons in the gamediscovered animated partsmade a fleet consisting of giant murica miniguns with a combined kinetic attack power of 914721/21 best game everI love this game. It has loads of customizeable stuff crammed into it. Tired of the same old civilizations? Make a new one yourself! Tired of the same old ships? Make them Yourself! If you don't have the skill required to make new ships, then just download them from the steam workshop. The same goes with custom civilizations. Did i mention you can import your own logos, leaders and backgrounds?Even though i love the game, nothing is perfect. Calactic Civilization III can have some buggy moments, especially in multiplayer.If you want to play multiplayer, and you have windows 10, then don't get your hopes up. It won't work 99,999999 % of the time. Often the game will freeze during a multiplayer session (if you use windows 10 of course)."
76561198008088676,Recommended,226860,16611279,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ether Bunny,"7 hours in and I feel okay doing first impressions:This game is solid. Insane amounts of ship customization, lots of interesting stuff to do, decent UI, and generally a pretty good game.There are a few minor gripes:It's entirely possible that I'm just missing it, but there doesn't seem to be a place to set ship tactics (evade, assault, hold at distance, etc), nor does there seem to be a place to set a patrol route for ships or anything like that. It's not end of the world, but being able to set ship tactics seems like a good idea. Again, maybe I'm missing the place for it, but then again that'd be a problem with the UI.There doesn't seem to be a password protection thing for setting up multiplayer games. Again, minor annoyance since you can kick anyone you don't want in your game during the lobby, but still.The ship designer isn't super intuitive when you're making an entirely new design. It seems alright for altering existing designs, but making a new one is a bit odd.All in all it looks like this will have a lot of staying power. Not bad at all."
76561198081640625,Recommended,226860,16531124,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Samurai,"FANTASTIC. Wasn't sure my PC coudl run it with the whole ""64-bit required"" but i found out my pc is 64-bit and it runs like a charm.  Very fun. If you have ever played civ 5 or beyond earth and were as disapointed with the limits beyond earth had this is the perfect game for you. Very in depth with the ability to design ships if fantastic. Very beautiful and fun. 10/10"
76561198062437629,Recommended,226860,16507658,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,EdCr0w,"I've been a long time fan of the GalCiv franchise. Possibly my favorite 4x. 1 was good 2 was better and 3 is the next level. It has the feel of 2 but with countless improvements. My favorite element of 2 was shipbuilding, It was allready great and its better with more tools to aid in custome appearance. The number of opponents has been pruned effectively and their A.I. seems improved. My one complaint from previous games and civs in general has been difficult to establish economics, again improved here and bankrupcy in times of war is much less common. Overall and the best thing I can say is that, If you have been a fan of the GalCiv games, this is the game fans wanted."
,Recommended,226860,16522579,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,JC_NZ,"If you've never played a GalCiv game before, you'll probably have read that this is a 4X game in the style of Civ in space. While that comparison is somewhat accurate, even Civ players might not end up liking this. But for those micromanagement junkies - the ones who only use the biggest maps, who meticulously plan city placement, who feel that even the longest game setting is too fast - this game is heaven.To be clear - this game is at its best if you love the detail of building structures individually on each of your planets (and you can have hundreds), and rejigging every single one when you make a significant new research discovery. Of my 232 hours played, 200 have been on one game, and I'm only just starting to take down my first enemy opponent. The systems themselves aren't complex - it's time-consuming because the choices you make are wide, not deep. The mechanics at a core level are very similar to any other 4X game.Also, make no mistake - it's buggy, and even when it does work, it's incredibly challenging on hardware. The UI is functional, but not even close to optimal.Taking all of this into consideration, I have every reason to believe that 95% of gamers will hate this game. But in spite of that, I have to recommend it strongly. Because if you are that target gamer - obsessive, patient and wanting to command a sprawling empire - you'll cope with all of the challenges and frustrations because there's literally no game on the market this deep. You have to buy it. Nothing else matches it."
76561197970897152,Recommended,226860,16533497,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RK Limes,"If you like 4x space games, this one's for you."
76561198012871436,Recommended,226860,16537586,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fluffy Sheep z,"1. High level of customisation - races and ships. -> Still needs a lot of work however on this especially ship styles.2. Not too complicated, not too simple.3. Looking forward to future updates which will add alot more to the game - quality of life.4. Fun as single player & multi, however multiplayer at the moment is technically limited to players that your friends with so you can continue after you get tired (i personally prefer multiplayer).Its a good game and worth buying if your into these types of games. I've never played a 4x before this but i enjoyed it and worked out how to play properly after a few hours (didn't bother with the tutorial). Work does need to be done with it in the course of updates however it is perfectly playable in its current state.The bad things i can try picking out are a few bugs here and there which are getting patched and the occasional crash that can be negated by the autosave feature."
,Not Recommended,226860,18241363,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Andy,"Really really unbalanced game. - I admittedly am struggling to get to grips with the game, the improvements that you can earn seem arbitrary as I don't see clearly where what I'm doing is achieving anything. However, I started a game, approximately 30 turns in I bump into another civ i'd created from scratch, their faction power was 5x that of my own, they'd had 24 ships and a stonking 22 techs more than I'd had from the get-go. I understand there's the option to divert your civs focus on in terms of tech or production, but I can't see a way where this is possible. I'm deeply dissatisfied with the whole gaming experience thusfar. Pretty game does not necessarily make a good game."
76561198003561282,Not Recommended,226860,19066197,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Grrratch,Loved the game. Used to spend loads of time on it. My big complaint is the updated AI. Why in the world do the npc folks I'm allied with and the folks who really like me vote FOR the people who they are at war with rather than me at the UP delegations? Oh...the AI is trying to make the game harder....lame....THAT'S PART OF MY STRAT!!I'm not even going to go into losing the planetary controls...Even though it kinda takes the point out of being able to build all manufacturing or w/e else you want and pushing it's focus that way....Isn't that what the game is supposed to be?? Building your empire the way you want it. Then using it to conqure the other empires?
76561198061997939,Not Recommended,226860,28199321,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Camolot the Creator,"A mediocre, frustrating and confusing game that basically embodies ""the computer is a cheating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"". While the ideas have great potential and the graphics are quite nice, the gameplay itself is backwards at best and boring at worst.For someone who has been playing RTS games since being introduced to Total Annihilation in the early thousands, and pre-ordered Civ V, this is rather a disappointment. I merely wish that I had not realized to what degree I disliked it before I had played 2.1 hours of it, and I can now no longer receive a refund.My main frustration, however, is that the game doesn't tell you much. I had no idea what I was doing the entire time, because I was told very little about some very vital things, and ended up in a situation where I was not moving forward at all while the AI seemed to be having an exceptionally easy time of it.- Camolot"
,Recommended,226860,21591344,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Collateral Damage Man,"I defeated a race of evil space squirrels. The war was long and difficult, but eventually I wore them down. Acorn has been removed. GG no Re, Snarky."
,Recommended,226860,25389944,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Dark Redslayer,"If you're in to knock down drag out wars, with the ability to attack your enemies with the USS Enterprise backed by 3 star destroyers, then this is the game for you!This is umong my favorite TBS games, and I am not that good at it lol. Just the ship customization aspect alone puts this game miles over any other game I've tried like it. As with any game like this, it's not for everyone. But If you like the idea of Civilization in space with completely customizable space ships, (From shape to load out of weapons, armor/shields) then I'd suggest giving this game a go.And among my favorite aspects, is there is no annoying super weapons, just straight up war (if it comes to that ... And it will)"
76561198049485097,Recommended,226860,35168646,Posted: 23 September,all,Hannibal Burgers,"This game is extremely deep and will provide a great experience for those who are into complicated turn based games. I have multiple friends who tell me how great it is. As for me, I got it on sale and am enjoying the ship builder! Even that is super deep!"
,Recommended,226860,25091322,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,The little Magikarp that could,"Amazing game, simply put. Not my first 4X strategy, but it is definitely my favorite. It has a great deal of depth and awesome lore. Overall 9/10"
76561198171859585,Recommended,226860,25101010,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,hatwersky,game is addictive and fun to play.  DLC's should be easier to use with better instructions
76561198106814716,Recommended,226860,24509243,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,phoenix,i really enjoy the game it takes a bit to learn and understand (took me 2 full days to get to a respectable level of understanding so i couldnt be considered a straight up worthless newb) but once u do its a great turn based strategy game and one of my favourites i think it just needs a better training system for its newer players though (lol took me 2 days to figure out a decent ballance to my planets so they were actually usefull and i could actaully start to sustain a decent army)
76561198061732699,Recommended,226860,24515942,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,SirOswaldGrump,"Oh... I have to type here. Well well. It's good. Gets a little laggy towards the end. Heard it even happens when you have a beefy computer. Ey. Stardock, stop asking me to review it so early. I haven't had a ♥♥♥♥ing chance to play it was. So lemme play and make another review.Oh. Game is lovely by the way. Just... I don't get it when the Aliens seems to be so advanced and have a larger military. I am always having to Face them off all the time with a smaller military. On the plus side though... My military is 10x as advanced most of the time.Fix?"
76561198120676072,Recommended,226860,24518576,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Bloodseeker2193,Awesome game! A lot of fun and so much too it...
,Recommended,226860,31263368,Posted: 20 April,all,SnowBlind,Hate it when i get forced to review someone when all i want to do is continiue my game where i am The Empire and have a bunch of Tie Fighters roaming the galaxy while i research and build my next mass weapon and rule the universe!
76561198007577089,Recommended,226860,34684559,Posted: 2 September,all,m_carlo13,Great game.  Similar to Sid's Civilization but in space.  Love the customizations that you can do.
76561198180722306,Recommended,226860,35219504,Posted: 26 September,all,BluntMastaJay,"I loved this game, I enjoy all the DLC however, before the crusader dlc and the treasures the game ran as smooth as water down a glass hill, now I find it lagging quiet often and it takes a solid 60 seconds to catch up, maybe it from the created map I made, it is the largest possible, however im only playing against 8 enemy's, and dont feel as though I boged the map down with too much, it nainly does it when I click to send a ship to explore the unkown grey areas, serious issue for me, though."
76561198145131312,Recommended,226860,28528126,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,string,"Really solid space strategy game; decently complex ship design and colonization systems, straightforward diplomacy, and interesting technology."
76561198015662208,Recommended,226860,28769598,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Roadkill_101,Highly recomended. Game play is as expected. Very well suited to whatever your play style is. Most appealing to me is all the customisation available. If it turns out it is not exactly the game you want right out the box. It has the potential to become that game.
76561198339848542,Recommended,226860,28807025,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,smithpr,"I received this game as a gift at christmas and am really pleased I gave it a try! The game is engaging and very simple to play, expecially after completing the tutorial. It does, howeever, have some flaws. There is no search function in the game. If I want to find a specific planet of ship yard it is a nightmare! That aside, I like the game."
,Recommended,226860,14912121,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Xelos,"After twelve hours of play on a ""Beta"" I'm quite impressed, here are my notes.Positive Notes:- The population of space is completed according galaxy creation options which work quite nicely and will elaborate on mainly. Want only a few planets and force players to transverse large distances? Sure. How about spawning no artifacts (these help lead to a victory outcome). I personally don't like some of the game lore so turn it off, which makes the game something more. The galaxy creator is a dumbed down “drake equation”. Depending on how the development goes, with the addition of custom races (hopefully for NPCs too) this game could be more... a space-civilization simulator than simply a ""game"".Negative Notes:- The roughest parts of the game focused on some of the specific mechanics which I will go over. Influence is an interesting mechanic but depends largely on the size of the galaxy. If you play a very large galaxy then influence only has an influence after a large number of turns, while a tiny galaxy can be taken over with influence. Influence spreads per a turn and basically if you have a very influential society you start to take over planets  if you influence extends onto them. The other major point regards the AI. I'm usually usto a superb AI such as Dominions 4 which makes few mistakes but Galactic Civilizations III feels docile. They had huge fleets, usually outnumbering me but never attacking. The AI of an ancient like master of orion was by my memory brutal (or maybe I was dumber that long ago) but this isn't.  I suspect the AI is still very beta, as I noticed upon taking over an adversary planet many parts of the planet had nothing built on it."
,Not Recommended,226860,17286556,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Arleonenis,"It was released but it still feels like in early beta phase, not even release candidate... to much bugs, problems with balance, micromanagement makes larger maps true hell...Lots of potential but released far to early... Wait till its really completed."
76561198039650552,Recommended,226860,28714880,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,albizzah,"Great game, love the ship design and massive universe scale."
76561198035303912,Recommended,226860,28788814,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,smrubel,The base concept of the game is solid. There are minor issues pertaining to AI and some minor polishing bugs that need improvement. I give it a 7/10
76561198119228639,Recommended,226860,21431736,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,marcusking211,i like this game how they set it out but i would like to see desgns your starbase in the DLCs or they make 4 i cant wait  ship improvement on ships and real time statergy combat .
76561198011452665,Recommended,226860,21993832,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Otter,"good game. Still learning it. Trying to get a decent starting spot. Wished the races were not so close - would like room to expand before our borders touch, other than that, a good game."
,Recommended,226860,28774552,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,xxbrandonoxx,Smarter AI than most gamesHard in the beginning
,Recommended,226860,28776233,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ya3ani,I've played 61 hours and that's just the campaigns. Buy the game.
76561198010086287,Recommended,226860,28800184,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,FishyGoRawr,like gal civ 2 but better
76561198019023654,Recommended,226860,15494626,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,CavityCommunion,"Updated to my review:Now that GCIII is out of beta I can say it is worth its cost. Firstly the play time. There is the capacity for hundreds of hours of quality playing time. There's enough variety. The ship designer...once you decide to build a ship and want it just right you'll be sucked into creating it. Skewing axis, stretching height, length, and width. Resize . Rotate. Animate separate pieces. Make simple or insanely complex ships. Then decide what equipment they will have and where on the ship the shall be. Or use premade ship designs.The race customization is decent. The interface is intuitive. There are features that you'll learn more about as you play that you might not know when you begin. GCIII has a great deal of depth. Ship types, planet building placement, trade routes, diplomacy, cultural borders, ideologies, etc.There are still things that need improvement though. For a very experienced 4X player like myself the AI needs to be improved a lot more. Also various little interface changes that would make the game more smooth.Regarding bugs, there does not seem to be too many. The game is very stable. This is the sort of game that new players and experienced players will enjoy.I suggest making sure you have at least 2-3 hours before bed before deciding to build an intricate ship. Its dangerous how energized it makes my brain. I kept working on designs despite needing to get to sleep.Some examples:https://youtu.be/o5wis6-l4nwhttps://youtu.be/O-YKUvFbQt8https://youtu.be/0ajUpmszTvQhttps://youtu.be/XJti9roYgE8Ok so in short, highly worthwhile game. Worth the cost."
76561198132186716,Recommended,226860,28725961,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hwpneon,Ok to start off this game isn't my type of 4X turn based ones are a hit and miss for me but that aside it's a pretty good 4X its challenging and easy at the same time which is weird but its easier in some ways and harder in others like actual war the AI somehow manages to produce powerful fleets in the early game while your left behind but i find i take the lead in tech and economics which allows me to destroy everything through buying planets and influence kinda OP in a way since you just take over the money for me i'm not sure if i'll revisit this game maybe in the future i'll come back and play it but if you like turn based 4X's this is probably worth the buy and as i always say if you don't like it and have less than 2hrs get a refund and get another game
76561198009741591,Recommended,226860,28915752,Posted: 1 January,all,robert.jones12,So fare it's great !
76561198259700287,Recommended,226860,22887401,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,PsychedelicManJuice,It's fun
76561197988362999,Recommended,226860,29793929,Posted: 8 February,all,Captain Tantrum,"Fun!  Turn based, more about intellectual stimulation than flashy graphics.  I recommend for anyone who's mature and not expecting a cheesy FPS."
76561198030784368,Not Recommended,226860,23620390,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Edwards CAE,The 3rd version has the same problems as the 2nd version in that once a race gets ahead in technology it is impossible to fight against.  Add weak AI and this game does not have any staying power.  Might be worth your time if you get it at a significant discount but otherwise I would avoid.
,Not Recommended,226860,25573198,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Viisril.,"Screw every liar in the forums who vomits out some unconstructive over-generalized ""advice"".stroking their ego's off and telling the world this game is simple, and that your the problem.Having gotten past the alps sized learners curve, i can surely tell you that the AI is broken, impossible to stay ahead of and is willing and capable of cheating.(sucking up my pride and being honest) i have played about 7-8 games on ""beginner"", the lowest difficulty mind you, and have been repeatedly stomped out with every faction ive played. tried one game on ""Normal"" and that was a goddamned joke.Regardless of their traits the AI will attempt to brutally kill you if you are weaker, even those who claim to be ""benevelent"", regardless of what faction you make or play, how fast you spread out, how much you grind reasearch on the newest gear, its pointless, because the AI with MAGICALLY do what you do, and better, and more of it at a time, with no setbacks. its just bogus.not to mention how SMART stardock claims the AI is, its sure good at being stupid, whilst still managing to kick your♥♥♥♥♥up and down with its stupidy, a blow to your pride to be sure.And I can assure you I have been trying every trick and tip ive found beit ,Colony spam, tech buyouts, ship minimizing, governance budgeting YOU NAME IT!ive gotten a bit better now but still not even close to what is apparently required to be moderately successful.im all for competive drive in my 4X game, ive played and loved almost all the 4x titles out there, but if the tryhards want to a bash their heads against a wall, keep it on the harder difficulties damnit dont put that in beginners for the people trying to learn, or maybe someone who ""WANTS"" a casual expierance.(like to try a new ship set build, or design a faction to how ""THEY WANT"", notthe ""THE ONLY COUNTERPLAY effectivly available). you know... to HAVE FUN.Because thats the true heart of the game folks, there are really only TWO ways to get a leg up on the AI (not win mind you) so whats the point of all the customization and decision making when your just going to HAVE to play the same way everytime?! swandiving on a 4X scale.i loved the shipbuilding and empire management side of things, even the combat was at the very least entertaining to watch, but a tactless numbers game. just the ruthless ""beginners"" AI killed it for me, or more so the futility of having a difficulty slider at all.im still playing the game for now because i love sci-fi and strategy, and i WANT to love this game... ill edit if my opinion changes.now im sure some elitest prick is going to follow this up with something like... (WTFNOOB? BEAT GAME ON HARDMODE 2EZ GIT GUD SCRUB GO CRY BOUT IT)"
76561198029743753,Recommended,226860,25676008,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,StarFishon,fun game
76561198052267907,Not Recommended,226860,20198579,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,viirinsoftworks,"Big fan of strategy games! Everything Blizzard does, C&C, Alpha Centauri, Star General, all sorts of others.Can't recommend this one since even on Beginner, you can't win unless you do very specific actions in a specific sequence or be annhilated. Also there's a big luck variable. Yes there are diplomatic, cultural, and all sorts of other potential victory conditions, it all means nothing since none of it actually affects anyone.Even peaceful races will go to war with you by being Switzerland. Also, allies will give you everything they still own when they realize they can't win, which would be nice, but it only pisses off the other races that weren't fighting you yet, because now you're way too big for your own good.Now, if starships didn't cost money per turn just to keep them in existance, then maybe I could build up an army big enough to keep random people from attacking me. But, you better have a sweet economy in order to work on an army, which brings up the luck. What if the planet/s near you aren't inhabitable or only crappy? Well then you won't be building fast enough and you'll be overrun. Yeah it'll take a while to realize it, but you already lost."
76561198027236055,Not Recommended,226860,34037052,Posted: 5 August,all,carlos.witek,Average game for a premium price. Good ideas are present but overall not better than the previous installments.
76561198152165602,Not Recommended,226860,34063781,Posted: 6 August,all,kshid,"I found Off World Trading Company and Sins Of The Solar Empire much more enjoyable than this this game.  The other two Stardock games immersed me more and made me feel more involved in the creation of the empire I was working towards building.This game feels like you are just clicking buttons when you need to, a more paint-by numbers approach to creating an empire."
76561198040105552,Not Recommended,226860,19683149,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Darkstone,Still beta...Lifeless...Unbalanced...Bad AI...Multiplayer problems...Too easy .. no real managementDLC release seems 1st priority  fixing the gameplay.. not so much
76561197961827300,Not Recommended,226860,25180391,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Pedro,I had high hopes for this game but quit after 12 hours. It never got exciting. Technology took forever to get and I never felt pressure from other civs other than than pirates.
76561198032121510,Not Recommended,226860,25668824,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,michael.p.bain,"This game is woefully incomplete.  They provide some additional functionality via DLC, but the prices they're charging for the DLC are outrageous.  This is an obvious ploy to launch an incomplete game, make some sales based on the name, and then bleed customers dry when they have to purchase DLC to make the game fun.  Even with the DLC, the game is fairly unfinished.  This is a prime candidate to wait until they drop the prices to reasonable levels and pick up as a bundle with all of the DLC included."
76561198069923908,Not Recommended,226860,30172375,Posted: 25 February,all,Castiell,The most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ space strategy game i ve ever played.. total trash
76561197963640978,Recommended,226860,29725547,Posted: 5 February,all,Fernando Solo,"Long story short, half decent game, but ONLY half decent. If your looking for a light hearted civilization style game in space this is for you, but if you expect real depth in any (especially in warfare) specific part of the game, this might not be it. Still it isn't quite as bland to sink in the swamp of average so thumbs up.Long story as it is: The game is average on every aspect expect one major one. The basic colonizing, tech, production diplomacy etc. are solid, nothing exceptional just something that work quite decently. Could be better or could be alot worse, little originality and innovation rarely goes a miss, except when it misses entirely.Diplomacy seemed more lively than man many other space strategies, it's nice to see AI doing stuff (even if stupid stuff) rather than just have the diplomacy screen to popup when some comes to say that ""u dai nao huuumon"".One thing is to desing your warships outfit other is to desing the whole damn ship. A great perk in this game that is, aye might get tedious in long run, and that the basic desings and configurations are meh... but I liked it and anyone who has even tiny bit imagination and creativity this is awesome.Shame that same ammout of effort did not go into race/empire creation options.The major flaw in game is, that the center of gravity is heavily weighted in diplomacy, expansion, building and managing empire but only half heartedly in combat and warfare. There are no real tactics, you cant interfere the combat, you just bolt as many pewpew's as you can onto a slab of durasteel, make enough of them AND hope that enemy has less than you are committing to the fight. And if you think that has little to no depth, the ground warfare is worse, alot worse.There isn't actual techs for anything related to ground warfare (except some soldiering♥♥♥♥♥♥, you build a trasnporter... not a military one just a transporter, pack population from a planet to it and use that to conquer planets. You don't even get a chance to watch them go at each other only thing you get is win/lose screen after innitial appraisal where you pick some overly simplified ""tactic"" of the slaughter. Ok lets be frank I am all in at using pesky civilians as shock troops, let them use up enemy ammunation and ""pioneer"" a slope to the enemy ramparts with their bodies so that the actual meat of my army can just walk up and finnish the job but NO, civilian cruise only.This mechanic as it is would work on synthethics, some ""spartan"" warrior races, or creatures that you could call monsterous in comparison to average biped, but no everyone races or species.The whole implementation make's this system♥♥♥♥♥♥and poorly balanced as taking even heavily fortified planets need very little effort, the thing that matter only is how many civilians you decide to send to spend enemy ammunation.Halfdecent space strategy that implements empire building quite well, but does rather appalling job in the warfare.I liked it even with its flaws, but might want to consider twice if your excepting that ""real depth"". If you get it from sale might be worth it even then.7½ / 10"
,Not Recommended,226860,15851564,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,deathnmind,"First impressions:This is a good 4x game, but I'm not to the point where I think it’s great.  Stardock makes two very similar 4x games and I prefer Sins of a Solar Empire after playing this for a bit.  I enjoy the space combat in Sins better, I like how you can zoom in and watch the fighters and bombers strife the big ships.  The space combat in this game is not that detailed.  You can change view top down, free, and a 3d type camera view, but most of the time the big ships just chase the small ships and oddly it reminds me of the 1st stage of Spore.  I miss the fighters and bombers which you can build hundreds of in Sins, you can't in this game.  Also the expansion model in this game takes away from my enjoyment.  You can't send a huge fleet you've been hiding after the capital planet for a devastating blow.  The ships have to be in range of one of your planets or space stations.  So all you can do is slowly work your way into the enemy space and they totally know you're coming.  This could be good or bad, because it is fun to expand and fight to keep your area.  But I would like to choose, this game doesn't allow rapid strikes, you take space and take space and keep moving.So this is a good game but prefer Sins better.  Come on Stardock make a new Sins."
76561198045993586,Not Recommended,226860,22096682,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,daryl_zorn,not up to master of orion standards.  lots of frustrations
76561198313250773,Not Recommended,226860,24272448,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,peetmate,"Very disappointed,this game maxes out my system harddrive and ram and crashes every time I try and play it. I have no problems with any other applications on my system and my specs are Windows 10, Quad Core i7 3610QM @2.3 Ghz, 8 Gb RAM, 1Tb SSD, NVIDIA GeForce GT 650M with 2Gb RAM.Total rubbish! Plus, because I went over the 2 hour limit on gameplay whilst fiddling around with my system settings in a futile attmept to try and get it work Steam won't even refund me for a game that's only function is to crash my system, marvellous."
,Not Recommended,226860,31733039,Posted: 13 May,all,brian.t.beswick,"I use to love this game, but the latest updates have broken it completely. It won't even load, I've tried full uninstalls and re-installs, but even when I do a clean install the validation says files are corrupt and even after re-aquiring them they still fail validation. The game is unplayable."
76561198064136868,Not Recommended,226860,22098143,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,dc040583,"This is essentially Galciv 2 with a balance pass, refinements to the tech tree, a very few new items and ships, a couple tweaks, and it pushes my GeForce 970 hard enough to be at risk of overheating my system while somehow managing to look almost exactly the same as GC2. It also progressively clogs up my system until it refuses to respond towards the end of longer games, when there's a lot going on.It's fun enough, but if you haven't bought it yet, just stick with GC2. This should've been a $5 DLC, not a separate game."
76561198039907248,Not Recommended,226860,14795002,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,quafzi,This Beta was released far too early. In it's current state the game is unplayable. Even well above minimal requirements it runs slow and is extremely unstable.
76561198073066160,Recommended,226860,11758795,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,alibialexander,i like the ease of gameplay and the tech tree options also the revamped ship design sand box is alot of fun but the one detractor is the reletivly dumb ai for this day and age
76561198138827437,Not Recommended,226860,14903230,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,hagalaz108,"If you never played GC (or games like Master of Orion), once this game is completed, I would definitely recomend it. But having played GC2 this game really doesn't offer more than extra flash. Hey, if you're into remakes and playing back the same games with better graphics, by all means, spend your cash. But if you're expecting something new, stray away from this."
76561198053329175,Not Recommended,226860,22839699,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,thetwin,"I have been a long time player of Galactic Civilizations 2 and 3. I have wasted hours on the series and now I have come to the conclusion that there is no point in paying for a product that does not have subtitles/captions in the campaign or any videos. This is discriminatory and I choose not to support any further iterations until the creators choose to truly make the game accessible to many deaf, hard of hearing or gamers who prefer to play on silent.Sandbox mode is entertaining, on GalCiv3 alone I have played 403 hours and this is on one segment of the game...I am effectively paying for that as I cannot follow the story or scripts in campaign or even the intro video. This is not just limited to GalCiv but to Sins of a Solar Empire and I would guess...Elemental. If you want to get the game, go for it, it is well made otherwise and entertaining enough. Now on I'll pay for games that are truly accessible and refuse to support Stardock's future games."
76561198006353287,Not Recommended,226860,14153571,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Worthington,"My system far exceeds recommended specifications and yet the game will not even load.Do not purchase this game during Early Access, wait until it's released and people have had a chance to review it. While I understand bugs are common in beta, being completely unable to even load the game is taking it a bit far.Stardock really screwed up their Enchantress game prior to this and it wasn't even stable for nearly a year after release."
76561197993830189,Not Recommended,226860,15890331,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,CelestialSlayer,"To echo other reviews - i have enjoyed playing this alot of late, but the more I think about it the more i am dissapointed. There is literally so little innovation that it is actually an insult to call this 3 - should be 2.5 or something.This game stinks of DLC. Where is the innovative diplomacy - coalitions, vassals, and the personalities are so meh!Honestly it grabs me like the second one did, but it has LESS content - just bigger maps. Woop woop to that.They are blatantly relying on Mod content to make it better, but this trend of releasing games with DLC in mind is starting to irk.Play if you dont have 2 or play 2 instead (the graphics and the battle scenes are absolutely no improvement whatsoever)."
,Not Recommended,226860,16100853,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Wilddemoncat,"Bought for Multiplayer, after release alot of features not working, AI cheats insanely, it seems they don't even have to explore, I've had colony ships from AI heading to worlds they have had no chance to explore, and heading back as soon as I colonize it.So much for the Explore part......Another game from Stardock that's really just a paid beta....."
76561198079355140,Recommended,226860,12698441,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,rdelin,Can hardly wait for GC3 release.
,Not Recommended,226860,15844283,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,jwestfall8,"i CANT BELEIVE i PAID $50 FOR A GAME THAT CANT GO MORE THAN 5 MINUTES WITHOUT FREEZING.i REALLY WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME BUT ITS SO FRUSTRATING AND IMPOSSIBLE TO GET ENGAGED WHEN IT CONSTANTLY FREEZES.  i HAVE FOLLOWED THE TROUBLESHOOTING AND MADE ALL THE CHANGES. i HAVE THE RECOMMENDED HARDWARE, NOT MINIMUM."
76561198186453886,Not Recommended,226860,30582540,Posted: 17 March,all,westonmickey13,Well.....where to start.....i've always been a GC2 fan along with sid meier's civ (SMC) games. Great thing about the 2 were they were so different....when i tired of one there was always the other. Kinda mad at this point i feel like i'm playing 'sid meier's  galactic civilizations 3' Game designers love to make things harder.....then take away things like in depth micro-management away from the player......and so it is with this game. I waited really long playing this game before i gave it a review.......even after dealing the tons of (SMC) crap i hate and usually makes me wanna play GC2....and here it is...bah. Honestly....I thought they were going for more of a star trek armada feel in their previews.......hoping for some creative fun....now its like....omg...hope the drengin dont start next to me....cuz then its a war game impossible to win. Fine...theyre so aggressive thats just how they are.......but aggressive and crazy on research.....now it changed from a managable chess game....in pure luck.in addition....drop some more cask for xtras hoping to balance the game.....and all downloaded in 5 mins....really? so youre saying it was all there to begin with....just wanted xtra dough?.......usually i'm fine with paying designers their fee.....but their obvious 'borrowing' from sid meier's.......and ridiculous add ons......i'd tell anyone to give this amiss unless they were either so bored or just plain enjoy ship building. Otherwise.....if you play get the free stuff.....seems stardock doesnt wanna give away the free updates like they used to.
76561197964898430,Not Recommended,226860,14725566,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Nostro,"Cant recommend this game in its current state, you guys should wait to see a full review when its done.Way to bugged now, missing allot og features, some features are down right annoying and others seem to make no difference, like I set every single game to ""random"" in all things, amout of stars, planes etc. but every universe seems to be the same, with very few inhabitable planets."
76561198008276226,Not Recommended,226860,15889405,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Doc Clarke,"First game, turn 7 or 8 the one alien race I'd found gifted me some gadget or other.I had no choice in the gift, and it chose my tech specialization for me. removing one of the main choices in the game.Like I say - I had no choice in the matter, I could not refuse the gift or choose another.Game crashed several timesThen the battles. Really? Still no say on the battles. Not even strategic set up?My fault that last one. I should have read the pre release stuff. GCI and GCII didn't have them either so.. meh.I don;t really need tactical input, but a strategic ""pre battle"" plan would be nice. But no  - nothingBack to Distant Worlds for me.Scritty"
76561197978873114,Recommended,226860,15906122,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Army Pea,"Galactic Civilization 36.5 / 10TL:DR+Very solid, epic 4x space game+Awesome and abundant custom options for nearly all aspects of the game.- Does not add a lot of innovative features to the 4x world. Feels barebones at times.- Combat , both in space and on the ground, is very rough. It feels incomplete or tacked on last minute.- Tech tree is rather basic. There are no break through discoveries (I wanted a black hole converter) in this game. All tech just slightly improves on the previous choice.If you love 4x games this is a must buy. If your on the fence, wait for a sale. This game will progressively get better through patches, dlc and expansionsEnd of the day, its a lot of fun and I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,226860,15967412,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Prospero666,A disappointment. The combat is very dull. Swarm more ships and win. No tactics at all and the pacing is way to slow compared to CIV V.6/10
76561198065639422,Not Recommended,226860,15890578,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,dark_saint,Game crashes every five turns.  Nice job releasing a finished game.
76561198067630120,Not Recommended,226860,14712906,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,(MO)jorgegamal,i enjoy the beta and all but i just cant take it with the mayor bug that it has at the moment and it that it freezes constaly and ramdomly dont know why.
76561198057067420,Not Recommended,226860,14729438,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Grandkiller,The game takes a long time to start up. then when I finish putting in the game settings it wont finish loading and the whole computer freezes.
,Recommended,226860,15831317,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,GameAssassin1020,"Played on Insane.Too much space- 7.8 -IGN(In all seriousness, best 4x ever.)"
76561198005577371,Not Recommended,226860,15802263,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Warlord-616x,"simply not up to the same level of quality or finish as the 2nd game.  The ai used to be smart and show you intelligent build orders and be an example, but now it just cheats and the ai gets tons of resources and gets to pump out ships it doesnt deserve and mass out and occupy planets it shouldnt have.Perhaps this game will be up to the level of the last one when it has as many expansions as the last game did, but they would have to put in more work onto them then the previous expansions brought to the table as well.  Overall think im about ready to uninstall and reinstall 2.EDIT: oh and now they have decided to start trying to dlc us to death with worthless contributions that should have been in the game to begin with.  This is just not the same company.update: well here it is a year and a half later, and all they've added is expensive and stupid dlc's and a few tool tips.  Ai is confirmed to rely exclusively on extra resources based on difficulty level, and in a game on turn 300 on a conquest objectives map the ai has yet to fight anyone other then myself.  What the heck happened to this series?oh and workshop is not mods, but just ship skins and player made factions which tend to be pretty juvenile..."
,Not Recommended,226860,35282279,Posted: 28 September,all,chaosphoto,"One of my favourite games of all time is Masters of Orion 2 and I have been searching for a game to replace it. I have also owned all the Civilization games and am currently playing Civilization VI, Alpha Centauri which I love and Civ Beyond Earth which I also enjoy despite a few of it's shortcomings. I had high hopes for Galactic Civilizations III so bought it with all the addons. After about 12 hours play I have requested a refund because it is way too basic and simplistic. The Universe screen is pretty nice but the planetary management is extremely basic and barely worth the effort. The ships are very nice but I found no way to actually control or win the space battles other than having a bigger tougher fleet than the enemy when you go in. You can't even retreat if things aren't going well, you either win or lose. MOO 2 has this game beat in every way except graphics."
,Recommended,226860,23004699,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Strad,"I've been a fan of Stardock products for decades.  The GalCiv3 game has found a permanent place on my ""goto"" list of games when I need a break.  It's a 4X game but it's well-conceived engineering allow for expansion and participation in the creative process.  Rather than keeping a game of Chess on tap.  I'd rather have a game like this that allows me to participate in big decisions and diplomacy to change the result.  The game will be re-playable for at least a few more years while the SciFi genre for gaming FINALLY returns to the forefront."
,Not Recommended,226860,13943887,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,G_Slayer,"They are off to a great start but not much has been implemented yet. Wait for final release, am scared this will turn into vapoware. Will edit review at full release."
76561197969493467,Not Recommended,226860,14716502,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Malenfant,"Looks good but the number of bugs currently makes it unplayable, after 20 turns it was locking up every time I selected a certain ship, updated my drivers and it then just started locking up whenever I scrolled or zoomed out the screen.Give it 3 months and we'll see if they can fix these issues, the game looks good but can't play it at the moment."
,Not Recommended,226860,15917728,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Chacko Supreme,Not sure why the requisites are so high on this game.It's not utilizing any of that 64 bit hardware.The graphics are outdated.There is minimal audio narration in the game.   Most everything is reduced to text based prompts circa games from the 2005 and earlier.The combat has to be the most boring part of this.  There is no control over it.  You right click and it does stupid animations out for you based on pre-determined numbers.  Thus there are no tactics or strategy - just throw your biggest and hardest at the enemy.I would not recommend it because it feels like whatever studio cranked this out - either didn't really care about the project they were working on or is trying to appeal to a demographic of nostalgic monkeys who think games were better in the past.  The latter would be fine except it doesn't make sense why they are requiring so much advanced hardware to run old presentation.
,Not Recommended,226860,23108507,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Nameless,This is one of the most buggy games I have ever played. I cannpt go longer than 20 minutes without a crash and thats if it loads in at all. I pass the req specs by quite a bit so I don't think it's me. I cannot recommend this game in its current state.*Update* I still have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of crashes but I cant stop playing it anyway. The game is fun as hell and has some great mechanics but I still cannot recommend it to anyone until these issue go away.
76561198051177377,Not Recommended,226860,15838310,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Shaka888,"Good, fun 4X gameplay, but working my way through the techs a little aimlessly.I'm confused as to whether I have an early access version of the game or the full version, as I bought the game on the 14th May. But the screen often freezes in the middle of the game, the game is still running underneath the frozen screen, I hear the sounds if I press continue, etc. And then I have to force quit the game through the task manager and restart again.Not good enough. Can I get my money back if the game doesn't work properly?"
76561198007567428,Recommended,226860,15842734,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,TheGreenHillsOfEarth,"A fitting sequel to Gal Civ 2! Lacking features from Twilight of the Arnor, but you have to be realistic about these kind of things. With a brand new engine, it'll take them time to build up again. Gal Civ 2 had like 9 years of support to get to the massive game it is now. Gal Civ 3 has an even greater potential."
76561198065220941,Recommended,226860,16377165,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MustangNinjas,"While playing, all I felt was that this had been done before. Good game, but very, very similar to other hex strategy games. Really doesn't do much to shake up the formula in a meaningful way"
76561198055574244,Recommended,226860,22974455,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,paul_erickson,"Truly the best space strategy game in terms of just about anything. The builder is easy enough once you figure it out. tech tree is great also. Research is not impossible to unlock as with some games. over all ver good game. only thing would be other civilizations coming into your zone and colonizing, this is an annoyance but it does present a challenge and i kind of ended up liking that aspect of it. over all great game. 9/10"
76561198007390481,Not Recommended,226860,11873891,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,kennethmallett,game refuses to load
,Not Recommended,226860,15887912,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Zepheriox,"This is a criticism of Steam and publishers as a whole, when your computer surpasses the minimum requirements you should be able to run the game without it either having unplayable FPS or crashes."
,Recommended,226860,15835796,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,ZombieCo,"Why you should buy it:Galactic Civilizations is basically the game that I was hoping Sid Meirs: Beyond Earth would be. Interesting races, (You can also make custom factions.) A solid story-line and lots of options to shake things up in random games. The devs have put a lot of time into making this game into something unique. Especially if they continue to polish it with future updates and DLC.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Gripes:The battle cam is in need of some serious tweaks to make it more usable. The game crashes at times but nothing too annoying so far.  Make sure to save often. Also do note: This game will not run on Vista or XP *EVEN* if youre running 64 bit architecture. (They do state this in the sys reqs.)Diplomacy: Needs some work. The computer contacts you way too much to make idle threats or whisper sweet nothings. It gets annoying. I would also like to see some sort of counter offer or suggestions on what resources to offer the computer factions. Right now its way too hard to guess at what they are interested in and  what basically happens is that you give up and it starts offering you deals after a while based on what it wants.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Recap: I haven't put a whole loot of time into the game yet but I will come back when I have a couple hundred hours playing and update this again.I have posted screens of combat and other gameplay aspects.40+ Hour Review:8/10"
76561198009771839,Recommended,226860,15834130,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Rendin,I was an original founding  early release. I have been following the game since the creation to the finish. i have played bothe 1 and 2 of the game also. I had HIGH hopes for this game. i really did..  THANKS for meeting it and exceeding it. The ship crafting is better and the AI think more like a player. All i can say bad is 1 thing. What TOOK YOU so long :)
76561197994408157,Recommended,226860,15844342,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,DrFetid,"A solid, if a little simple galactic conquest game.The ship designer lets you build ships from tons of parts, letting you create a truly unique look for your race."
76561198006567656,Not Recommended,226860,17717279,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Star Paladin,"I'm sad to say, I must give this a thumbs down.  I'd give it a C- if I could rate it other wise.  The main reasons I don't prefer it is that although it has beautiful graphics, you are foced to play it in a zoomed out view.  This means 90% of the time, all you will see is icons, lines, circles and hexes.  The oppostie of attractive and themeatic.There is also no way to que up any of the hundreds of technologies you research.  You pick one, and when it's reseached, you must dig down all the way into the HUGE tech tree again, and pick again, from scratch, what you want to research next.  And with many of the technologies, it's very unclear what they do.Buildings on colonies can can be just as unclear as technologies.  And many times, when you reseach a new technology that helps colonies, you must cycle through each, and, every, plantet, one, by, one, and place that bulding/hex.  It's a tedius pain.And worst of all is the diplomacy agreements.  You can have several agreements with many other races.  And each single agreement with each race can expire seperately, with only a tiny message, among many other possible messages, to alert you.  This requires you to constantly, never endingly, check your agreements to see if they expired, and renew them, again and again, over and over.  With lots of races and so many agreements, it's possible to renew agreements almost every turn.  It's insane and unbleiveably agravating."
76561197978519385,Not Recommended,226860,11867735,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Pathogen,"Game has progressed a lot since Early Access, but it's just not engaging.  It's nothing that hasn't been done before in every other 4X game since MOO.  Save your $45 if you're looking for the Next Best Thing[tm].  This is just a re-hash with a ton of micro-management, sadly."
76561198272350051,Not Recommended,226860,23148320,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,acostacraig31,This is absoluly ridiculous how is it that evry civilasation i meet has like 20 ships  and 7 colonies and i have only got the time to make a second star base and have 3 colonies. i know theres obviously someway to do it but i realy just want a refund. lots of people will propably find the game fun but im not one. its just to hard to compete with the AIs im always completly outmatched.
,Not Recommended,226860,23151873,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,gergi,"This game seems like an example of a developer just phoning it in. It's almost indistinguishable from GalCiv2, warts and all.There just isn't much ""game"" here. The micromanagement of colony layout and ship design are false facades over a very thin strategic layer - there just isn't very much actual depth to this game. It's a whole lot of clicking ""next turn"" hoping something interesting happens. Long story short, nothing interesting ever does happen."
,Not Recommended,226860,23555429,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Generalfeldmarschall Botzie,Not to put down this game but.Stellaris is better.
76561198007362032,Not Recommended,226860,23623653,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,rakkasanaco,"The game was fun, right up until it randomly ended with my defeat.  I don't play for speed, or points.  I play for fun, and fun for me is building my borders, space stations, fleets, tech and planets.  Expanding at my own pace, building my economy.  Spent 3 day's doing it only to have the damn game end.  I don't care about victory conditions! This spoiled my experience with this game."
76561198089550026,Not Recommended,226860,35435645,Posted: 2 October,all,h1ghwaym8n,"Military bases don't protect planets... There is no way to protect planets that's worth a damn.  It says a military station is supposed to help you protect assets within it's range but it does no such thing, it just protects it's self, which is pointless.  This game is just tedious to manage and gives no real joy from accomplishing anything."
76561197966668382,Recommended,226860,20229758,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ogre Man Eater,Pretty fucling Good
76561198022372391,Not Recommended,226860,16059387,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Providence,"Full of bugsLacking in game depth - diplomacy feels limited, combat is boring and ship design has little effect on combat mechanicsInfluence mechanic feels boring as hellFew or little tool tips, hard to understand.Again buggy as hell.Absolutely not recommending, stay the hell away"
,Not Recommended,226860,15865056,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,kuibird,"OK, so they fixed the issues I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about before, but returning to the game now, it seems that the AI enemies seem to love extorting the player or declaring war early on. I haven't done anything to anger one particuler race, and they just declared war on me and destroyed everything I had, before they could even invade my planets. Also, within two turns of meeting most civilizations, they would ask me for half my money, and if I refused, it severely damaged relations with them. Please improve AI so it doesn't overzealously hate the player."
76561197971734161,Not Recommended,226860,21108976,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,AxelPT,"It's a great game, unfortunately without Italian text ( i know that the audio is impossible, but the text is the minimum requirement for this game)"
,Not Recommended,226860,20113673,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,☭COMMIE☭,multiplayer sucks
,Not Recommended,226860,25152951,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Surg3on-Kash,"Loved Galciv2 but just cant get into Galciv3. It is just missing something as the whole experience feels quite flat. DLC also seem to be poor value for money,"
76561198040300356,Not Recommended,226860,14900241,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,dfehlaber,Why does my game continue to freeze on turn. Also why does the game appear as a seperate window that cannot be opened fully on my decktop.
76561198115116362,Recommended,226860,26225036,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Pungent Bubble,Awesome game
76561198157520754,Recommended,226860,23119631,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,subotai666,Great game. Very customizable. Buy it and enjoy the 4X-ness.
,Recommended,226860,20186443,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,RelicLord,"Everything that made GalCiv II eat hundreds of hours of your life is back, with great improvements to battle AI and tactics, fresh shiny graphics, and so many new features in the ship designer that it could almost be its own program. Five stars. You should probably buy it now."
76561198007633985,Recommended,226860,23816597,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ospdwise23,"A VERY CONSUMING GAME. WITH THE MOD SYSTEM YOU CAN PLAY ANY WAY YOU WISH. I LOVE THIS GAME, CANT QUIT THE DAMED THING!"
76561197963783841,Recommended,226860,30264866,Posted: 1 March,all,Giftzahn,"I started with Galactic Civ 2 and loved that game so much I bought this one. It took a bit to get used to this updated game but as you can see I play it quite a bit. Its fun and a little different than the ealier versions. I haven't yet played the campaign mode but honestly I bought it so that I can do open galaxy. OH and bonus MULTIPLAYER!!!EXCELLENT 4x GAME, HIGHLY RECOMMEND!"
,Recommended,226860,14118968,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Zerger,SPACE/10Would SPACE again :D
76561198073431466,Not Recommended,226860,26570760,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,zaemanfx,"I really enjoyed GalCiv II but sadly this one falls a bit short.The game has many good things, lots of Planets and Planetary development, Tech Research, Ship Design and Building, other races etc. The graphics are good but not special.Sad stuph:A bit buggy (had 3 or 4 crashes 1 requiring a full shutdown and re-boot)Difficulty, I found it impossible to win a single game even on easiest level. It's this more than anything that kills the game for me, you gotta have half a chance of winning a game not a near zero (some people must be winning) chance."
76561198093908735,Recommended,226860,30906276,Posted: 2 April,all,Towels,"An awesome game that is as much fun as the civilization franchise, but manages to be even cooler in that you can customize your experience even further than in civ, by creating custom races. Furthermore the game is set in a spacefaring future with aliens and faster than light travel, which adds to the depth and complexity with which you can play, adding an element of roleplay to the game."
76561198039896718,Not Recommended,226860,16006914,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,keithgb,No happy with this game at all.  Sorry I purchased this.
,Not Recommended,226860,14784693,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,steve05g,At this stage I can't recommend the game.  It crashes too often so be honest I've not had the chance to play it more than a few minutes before it freezes up.
76561198039075795,Recommended,226860,24664630,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,WNx Wolf Guard Ulf Bloodymaw,"Fun game so far I think I've finally learned the economics of the game play.  Having a blast kicking♥♥♥♥♥for a change now instead of being forced by those goddamn Drengir to take it in the♥♥♥♥♥  Finally decided to get Steam of my back and write a reveiw.  There I'm done, now ♥♥♥♥off and let me play the damn game."
,Not Recommended,226860,15893778,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,jdscott,This game sucks... it is exactly like the older versions and it doesn't even run well. My computer runs battlefield 4 but still lags every couple minutes on this game... crashes back to back. 49 dollars is a joke for this game. If there isn't a patch damn soon im calling for my money back. this is a terrible game release execution and has drastically lowered the bar for all other programmers. id rather play terraria than pay $50 to a company that doesn't deserve it.
76561198011780607,Not Recommended,226860,15310752,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,yone,"If you wish for a Master of Orion 2 kind of game, this is not it. Game is dull and repetitive. Nothing new. Combat was a waste of time."
76561198040670399,Recommended,226860,17847452,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Mr. Clay,A very fun game that will take up alll you time.There for i love it
,Recommended,226860,16049648,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,IIIStrife,"I will do a more proper review once I've played some more,but so far after 7 hours, my impressions are: Game looks fantastic on medium settings let alone high. The ship editor is a bit tricky and there's not too many parts yet, but it's better than it ever has been. You can make custom races with their own picture, AI, but you can't have custom ship looks, atleast not yet that is.The game is just great, I rarely played GalCiv 2, but you can't stop me from playing this."
76561198024789277,Recommended,226860,22689018,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mad-Dog,I like it.
76561198013492116,Recommended,226860,22691942,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,TheLawlessWalrus,is good
76561197972348970,Recommended,226860,16826881,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,-Singularity-,As of this review I already have 163 hours on galciv3. The game is excellent.
76561198091547612,Recommended,226860,16424136,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Franz von Væterland,"Too laggy, stardock plz give me a recommendation about how can I enjoy the insane size without non responding each turn."
76561198051612038,Recommended,226860,18163727,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,surchris,Pretty good
76561197976785508,Recommended,226860,15839796,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Krayzie6682,"Sins of a Solar empire on a grand scale. Much deeper tech and options. Galaxy is unimaginably huge. Haven't played long, but I recommend it if you like space civs. Its on a whole other level than anything I've played before in terms of scale and options."
76561198047444114,Recommended,226860,16806236,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,dan_siegel30,"Amazing depth and complexity to the game.   Yes, some annoying bugs and balancing issues, but nothing to prevent you from playing a different race on your next game and having just as much fun.  Full confidence in their dev team addressing these issues in a quick manner, and no belief whatsoever it will be abandonned.  With a lot of games, you fall into a certain habit of ""how"" you play a game most efficiently.  However with GC3, there isnt a necessarily OP way to play.  So many different valid strategies can be used.  No player plays the same exact way!  That with the endless custom races and ships provided by the community, gives this the best replayability of any game I've ever had."
76561198012014187,Recommended,226860,15958481,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,pieffe8,"My feelings about GalCiv III are kind of mixed. Pro: it is similar to GalCiv II. Con: some mechanics of GalCiv II are IMO not acceptable in 2015.First of all, the UI. The fleet mechanics is clumsy. It may be me, but I always make wrong moves when I move ships in our out fleets. For example, you can only eject ships from a fleet. It would be much more natural to select that you want to move away of the fleet, and just move them.Ship construction. I'm not really interested in making pretty ships. But during the design the ship view occupies 90% of the screen. Understanding what a component does requires to hover the very small icons of the components. And it gets hard understanding which components you are moving in and out the ship. I also didn't find easy to get around all the ship designs.More serious issue, I'm worried that - an in GalCiv II - every single mission requires to get very close to the end of the tech tree. That is, destroying shipyards and space stations require a lot of firepower, that you get quite late in the game. That's the sensation I got after playing the tutorial, so I may be wrong. While in games like Civ V you can conquer other civilizations at every stage of the game.The game also has bugs here and there at this moment. One annoying one is that you can't upgrade a ship that uses a strategic resource to a design that requires the same resource IF you have not any spare resource of that kind.But for the rest the game seems very interesting and I'll spend more hours on the game, and for that reason I'll give it a thumbs up. However I really hope that Bradley & Co. decide to streamline ship design and improve fleet management."
,Recommended,226860,34878572,Posted: 11 September,all,milspec,I liked it
,Recommended,226860,14244860,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Dr Bright,"So far, this game is good quality.  I have not encountered any bugs so far in my beta run and any fans of the galactic civlization games will enjoy this."
,Recommended,226860,23144384,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ma9nUs Gaming,"this is an awesome game, i highly recommend it, i dont have the most amount of hours in it but it is definately worth the money, i got it when it first came out at full price and i think it was worth it then, and currently (5/22/2016) on sale its more than worth its weight in gold, because this game is gold. i mean the ship customization and the awesome things that come with it, people say ""its a Gal Civ 2 with a few more things"" and no its not it has its own things that i am happy with, i mean all sequels are similar in their own sense. but either way it is worth the money, the customization alone is worth 5$ the game is worth at least 30 and the fun it gives and the huge amount of replay value is at least another 20$ worth.this game isnt #1 but ill tell you what, when you make that ship that is so dang huge and unbeatable when you get far enough you will laugh seeing that giant thing go into a war against another 20 ships, its just great, i mean ive seen halo, star trek, star wars, mass effect, and a lot of other sci fi games/movie ship replicas that work how they do in their own media. it is just great,it has many pros and a few cons and the cons arent even the game itself its just the genre of strategy games like this or SM civilization games.pros:different nations and ship styles to choose fromgreat amount of different styles and designs including saving your own ship designslarge battles are fun and sometimes quite frequentthe AI is somewhat well flushed out and helps make an awesome experiencea lot of replay valuemany ship/world/diplomacy options, really makes you feel like you dont have to worry about as muchhuge maps or small maps they are all fun to play, love to play the largest map for it provides the longest play time and best experience imhocreating your own faction race with your own background and character even custom ones from your PC's fileswith certain ships that arent meant to fight its great just leaving them on auto pilot and not worrying about them.Cons:can get rather repetitive at times (same battles or same special events)the AI is well flushed out but very unpredictable, i mean Civ games are a bit worse but these AI are straight up ""eh tu brute"" kinda AI lolthe ship customization can be a pain considering all the parts you need and what little you can add (depending on what ship you are making)all in all its a very good game i would highly recommend this game to anyone that likes strategy gamesits easy to play but challenging to beat,not the biggest learning curve i mean like a 5 hour session you will know the very basics of how everything works (although advanced ship design and all that can be a pain)i would give it about an 83/100 and the only reason thats so low is i do feel that they could have done some more with it but as is its awesome."
76561198030909856,Recommended,226860,30382496,Posted: 7 March,all,mwfoz,Strange how Galactic Civ has grown to overtake MOO as the better space 4x game...
76561197975567824,Not Recommended,226860,23319510,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kojack,"1. there is no strategic combat - you can only watch your retrded ai attack other retrded ai.- so in my view if moo2 is setting this genre - where you made your econ so you could actually fight the ships you design - then this game is incomplete. if this game is a copy of lame and boring sid myers then good job - but still why play ? No user controlled fighting - no fun - no endorsement !   (for example if i desgin kiting fleet with long range misssles and thrusters- can I use that tatic? NO your retrded ai will charge the enemy and try to ram him, or come close enough to ram him). Main Point - let us do the fighting unless both players say \""auto combat\""  !2.  there dosnt need to be a two after 1 (above)3.  a bug from a year ago has not been fixed yet -  if you make a construtor with sensor module (to pick up stuff on your way) when you go to build a starbase it wont build (the build shipyard  works though). the ship merely deselects itself.4. planetary invasions and planetary defenses are autocalculated with not even the smallest of a visual effect. Once again if moo2 is setting theis genre then this game is incomplete. There should be a battle for the planet in another format simple version of command and conquer or 5 tanks on each side a city a mountains a river maybe and a tiny quick battle with a little bit of screaming - a man falling over in death - catching on fire - a HEAT burst- explosions. a little bit of extra fun for the winner - a little bit of anguish for the loser. In Moo2 There was even a little chance to steal a tech if you invaded.  oops number 5 inc...5. We cant steal or spy techs? No espionage in space ? really ? MOO2 had espionage as a possible theme strategy - The Darlocks with stealth ships and stealth during thier tatical combat - think clingons that could blow up your starbase if they wanted to via espianoge.6. Star lanes - OMG thank you so much for not using star lanes !  +1  ( -5 stupid moo3 andmoo4)7 +0 this isnt revised version of moo2 ?  i know i know500 hrs on differnt accounts - over 1000 games played all the way through - gaming since dx266"
,Not Recommended,226860,34824401,Posted: 8 September,all,Frietekot,Chapter 3 contains major bugs. End victory is not possible because of bug.
76561198028538431,Not Recommended,226860,16082754,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,flundaman,"Do not buy the game - yet!In general, it is amazing and I enjoyed it really well. I think the last game I enjoyed that much was Civ4, so I had my fun today. However, at some point the game crashed and my savegame was corrupt and my game was over... Loading an older savegame didnt work, at the same round, the game crashes...There are more crashes, but due to autosave, that was not a prob. However, that I cannot continue my game now... Well. This and other mistakes show, that the game is currently just at beta status. It might be a full game in a while, but at the moment it is not. Read other reviews before you buy, I am not alone here..."
,Recommended,226860,23023242,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ejnvirus,"I love the fully custimization of your own race, ship, animations, maps, ect. The concept is a great choice, reminds me of Spore meets Civlization V. Excellent dynamics, good gfx, def a must play. Thank You!"
,Not Recommended,226860,21694915,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,nicolas246,"I've tried and tried liking this game but I still fail to get addicted.Tha phase is slow, the planet colonization too, but the worst part is that it constantly reminds me of Master of Orion... too much.  And Master of Orion is by far much better and I'm talking about the original from '93.The diplomatics, the science achievements, the ship movement .. everything!I mostly bought this game because of the ship design and that's all I like about the game.The resources it consumes are too much.  Graphicly its not normal.If the game would've separated the ship design from the actual game, I've just picked up the ship design tool.But as a game it's horribly boring.  (I had too much expectations of the game)"
76561198141034258,Recommended,226860,23675788,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Skizmark,Awesome game. Get it.
76561198027999452,Recommended,226860,19341040,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Defenseman,Terrific 4x play.
76561198011331869,Recommended,226860,19352844,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,stuffed_leader,"Same as galactic civ 2, only some major touch ups. Worth the buy if your CPU can run it."
76561197969416450,Recommended,226860,20161360,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Grondy,"(Reveiw for version 1.5)Pretty good overall.The tech development around combat is 100% rock paper scissors (or beam, projectile, missile) and each has a defense (shields, armor, point defense) so it is easy to understand what you are working on attack defense wise, and you can react to your oponents' developments.The other parts of the tech tree(s) are more dependant on your chosen race, so you may get some techs that your opponents will not.  The tech trees are fairly deep and in most cases you will not cap out before the end result of your game will be apparent.  So plenty to explore here.The idiology choices are... interesting.  You typically get global benifits but sometimes you get ships or new buildings that you can make.  The big issue here is that you typically only earn idiology points when you colonize new planets, which on small maps or games where you want there to be fewer colonies you will some times be left with too few points to make idiology meaningful.I think the game designers went for the ""computer oppenents will get extra stuff to make them tough"" approach, instead of having them ""outthink"" you, or plan better or what have you.  So expect to be outgunned and not out-thought.The released updates to the game have been meaningful and generally nice additions.  (New races, new annomoly types, and of course bug fixes.)  The only bug fix that I have yet to see is the fix for text on small but extra wide computer screens (laptop), the text will sometimes be clipped in a location that will prevent you from reading all of it.Multiplayer is a bit of a miss in my opinion.  They wanted the game to be ""simultanious"" as much as possible, so you can't just read a book during your opponent's turn, and you will want to because you won't have much to look at most of the time.  They should either provide a replay (so you don't miss anything), or go back to the drawing board on the concept entirely.Overall I like the game, it's good, but it could be better in several areas."
76561198021956024,Recommended,226860,18961269,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ryan,Fun 4X game
76561197964614109,Recommended,226860,18961649,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,aschezaar,Excelent game!
76561198006832949,Recommended,226860,18952630,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,xos,A fine addition to my collection.
,Not Recommended,226860,30131203,Posted: 23 February,all,Eazy,game sucks wish i could return it.
76561198015246397,Not Recommended,226860,16070070,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,jeren85,"The game is not bad but it is unplayable. It keeps crashing every few turn in the late game and this is very disappointing. After all the hours spent to advance to the really fun part, i am stuck now unable to load the game. It is extremely annoying and i am going to abandon the game until they fix it. Not sure to seek a refund though, i have already sent the savefile to support team and see what they say."
76561197972301209,Not Recommended,226860,16052340,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Xrpto,Unfortunately Galactic Civ III is almost identical to Gal civ II except it has no espionage(not that espionage was handled well in 2 either) there is a few other things missing that aren't huge but all together beg the question why would you play this game if you have galactic civ II. The advertised cloaking of ships was dropped about 2 months before release. the ai appears to be slightly dumber and less dynamic than previous games. they really didn't innovate very well in this iteration. I would say go play Gal Civ II
76561198145927604,Not Recommended,226860,15401416,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,t.shuey,crash crash crash
76561198160904548,Recommended,226860,19394191,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,earthican001,1+
76561198082699617,Recommended,226860,22293616,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Justiceian,Ah reviews. How many have you read and forgotten? I bet we could have more fun talking about crappy reviews full of the writers personal ideas of what should or should not be in the game. But that is not the point of a review. You want to know what the game holds and does not hold how it plays and does not play so you can choose for yourself am I right? Well I am a big enough nut to know im right so we can skipp the aplause and get down to the dirty details. So get your pens ready and take notes this will blow your mind.Style of play. Duh its a galactic civ. Wow I know right totaly blew your mind there. You play as a galactic power in a struggle to in one way or another outshine the other races. You can either beat them to death or overpower them in tech or culture or several other ways. But its really beat the others however you can find a way.There are enough techs and tactics that you can find many ways to win against any kind of player if you have the skills and time to do it. This is not a fast game as some matches can go on for weeks for me. While others can last a few hours if set up right.Government. Blah blah bla bla bla yeah there is some kind of system but hell who cares i found a shiny laser gun want to see what it does to a drags elbows? The thing it does to the skin so cool.Combat. Yes it has it and lots of it. Its all auto batles no mater how you look at it though. You either have more power or you do not. So prep early and often cause by the time the attack comes its too late.Diplomacy. Well it is politics. Ever had fun with that topic? Yeah me either. I say shoot them all and divide the spoils. Cause these guys are all liars. I mean who wants to please everyone and end up ticking some other group off with every action any ways cause thats what things boil down to you get one maybe two friends and everyone else hates you. So pick strong friends of be the strong one.Customized units. Now the selling point true customized units. Awsome in more ways than can be said. Premade units are crap to a custome unit with the same tech all because you can tip the scale by tweaking things in your favor. I mean who would not want a super sized ship with nothing but sensors on it to act as a massive set of eyes that can see 80 spaces away? And a carrier that can hold more fighters than you can put in a fleet. Plus you just have not lived till you build a super dreadnaught. Total bad♥♥♥♥♥In short you are the bad♥♥♥♥♥of a galaxy full of bad♥♥♥♥♥enemies who want you dead or who just want to use you to kill another bad♥♥♥♥♥in thier way. If this is your thing your wasting your time I am already in the lead if its not for you great I do not need any more subjects to rule I already have gient worms that works for me and on this one planet the dirt is my slave so yeah im good either way lol.Have fun I know I will.. . . .nah i am having fun HA HA HA.
76561198040878939,Not Recommended,226860,19769843,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,thegreatshepherd,While it's a mechanically decent game I just didn't find it compelling or entertaining. Just didn't stand up compared to other 4x games.
76561198064204719,Not Recommended,226860,19622716,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,ubushpilot,for me with out a book i do not know what to do frist so i die over and over      need something to tell  how too do every thing not try o that did not work lets try this and so no   not a walk throug just a how u do this or that.
76561198153498981,Not Recommended,226860,20410042,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dolmann,"I disliked this game heavily. It was extremely complicated, and the tutorial didn't explain jack♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197986218006,Not Recommended,226860,24350376,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Tim,Takes too long. You will spend a few hours just colonizing and flying around before any action starts. Then you will find out the AI did nothing but military research and it will crush you while you watch helplessly as your well developed colonies fall :).
76561198041090122,Not Recommended,226860,24163253,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Big Mike,"I liked GC - II so I bought the GC - III bundle.  It seems stable enough on my machine but 3/4's of the way through the first game the AI starts spamming constructors for you and you can't stop it.  None of my shipyards are building constructors and I have none in queue but I get 3-4 per turn all heading to existing starbases across the galaxy.  Most need over 10-20 turns to get to the AI set destination.  What's up with that?  So for right now, I say DON'T BUY IT!!!However, I'm going to try another game but if it happens again, I'll let the review stand.  If it works without spamming constructors,  I'll say buy it."
76561198056400369,Recommended,226860,23408898,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,tonybrown3,It's ok... got it on sale so I can't complain.
76561198110748480,Not Recommended,226860,22726294,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Draconius,Have played for about 6 hours now and I am sorry to say that this 4X game is not anything decent in my eyes.  I have played Sins of a Solar empire and Master of Orion and they easily take this to the house in playability and entertainment.Waste of money overall and still having trouble getting it back as it takes more than the 2 hours to even get a feel for this game and Steam is being stingy.
,Not Recommended,226860,21665689,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Seb Chen,"I did read the comments bugs warnings, but still gave it a shot.Worst game ever, just cant play it, direct crash to desktop after loading.Successfully played once afer trying all the so-called ""fixes"" on the official ""fix page"", then the day after, continous crash to desktop at launch again.Not an isolated case according to the forums.Worthless junk program.Really having the feeling of having been ripped.Do NOT buy. wait for patch or forget this license altogether."
,Recommended,226860,18744533,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Inspector Gulok,Worthy of the name it bears and of its legacy... I own all of them now!Play it and see for yourself!
76561197964292321,Recommended,226860,31466523,Posted: 30 April,all,AtillatheHUNgry,"Very Addictive game, def worth the $"
76561198053292111,Recommended,226860,19287561,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,mbaldwin,awesome game
,Recommended,226860,24437087,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Goblin Overlord,its a great game for 4X fans
76561198038365082,Recommended,226860,24463358,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,deven.heit,i like the game....it could be better. would buy 9/10.
76561198008164494,Recommended,226860,14933055,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,SABER*,this is turning out to be one of the best space games ever.and glad to seethe deves are all over it .there was alot said about the combat but I see notting wrongwith it .I really like how you can build on other plantes .and build starbases etc.also the ship designingis just great .this is a strong 9 in my book .a must buy .thanks deves for a great game.keep it comming
76561198093463519,Not Recommended,226860,25743224,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Deepguy,sucks
76561198001783648,Recommended,226860,23428840,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,-CML-Grumsy,If you like Gal Civ 2 you'll like this one too.
76561198095807279,Not Recommended,226860,16117833,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,ryan_b11,its amazing but no matter what i do it freezes and stop working after i reach about turn 600 and start to pull out a clear lead. i have followed all the advice i have been given but it still continues to freeze.
,Not Recommended,226860,17229988,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Hazzard,"I don't see where strategy comes into it...It's just about following a long process to see a map through to completion. Playing this game feels like a chore, I might as well do something useful like my tax."
76561198020480515,Not Recommended,226860,29834045,Posted: 10 February,all,Leatherneck Viking,"Stardock Games the creators of one of the greatest 4x game ever! Sins of a solar empire(Which is buggy as hell but the concept is the best 4x game ever) So.... I of course thought this was basicaly a spiritual successor to SOSE not having played any of the previous GC games so... sure you can say it stays true to the originals, I don't know. So after being bummed out by endless space back in the day you start to realize why I don't recommend GC3..... I hate battle viewer! just sitting there watching a predetermined battle unfold, I want to have some say in my games weather the odds are with or against me. Like in Rome total war it was possible to have the odds stacked 90% against you but because I used superior ""Real time"" tactics I could win. That's why Rome is one of the best RTS games to date. If you want a decent 4x game go for SOSEAll that potential though! with the custom ship building, cool looking and well designed Alien races what a waste!"
76561198093006184,Recommended,226860,31085847,Posted: 11 April,all,stewartbrian,"very good game, could do with more AI control"
76561197991228892,Recommended,226860,15905221,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Dejawuu,"i decided i didnt want to go crazy war monger and pushed research into religion. i then won the game without getting into a single fight, using only the blazing truth of w/e god the krynn believe in. 12/10 would zealot again."
76561198276362891,Not Recommended,226860,29174289,Posted: 10 January,all,Fulllegal,ew
76561198038199993,Recommended,226860,29566046,Posted: 29 January,all,Lightcaster,Great addition to the galciv series :)
76561198048109767,Recommended,226860,22361443,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ia_bush,Its ok.
76561197980525387,Recommended,226860,21258446,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,CivHunter,Thoroughly enjoying this game!
76561198007502382,Recommended,226860,31561773,Posted: 5 May,all,Sgt Moore,"One of the better Space 4x games - I like fact is turn based vs pausible real time, and with the new add-on is a game I will definately get my money's worth out of."
,Recommended,226860,12062105,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,painluver,Is auto movement enabled yet?Brian
76561198173226821,Not Recommended,226860,20763514,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Josniff1,this is the most addicting and boring game ever.
76561197998863399,Recommended,226860,15906198,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Jeckenn,"Ever since I bought this game in early access I can hardly stop playing it. I love its game play and honestly I believe it is one of the best 4X space games currently out there. Also it will only get better as Stardock, the developer, says they plan on releasing Expansions, DLC, and free patches for it for the next 5 to 7 years which is practically unprecedented in the game development industry. For a developer to dedicate themselves to a title for that long is astonishing to say the least.If you like the 4X space genre you NEED Galactic Civilizations 3 in your Steam library, no doubt about it."
76561198306556973,Recommended,226860,23811091,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,aumech,fun but needs to be able to earn credits easier
76561198045226469,Not Recommended,226860,21419862,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,lesfry,This Game just pisses me pff its imposible to win even on easy. not entertaining at all.
76561198141154968,Not Recommended,226860,15868934,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,iChaoSz,"Time between turns gets completely out of hand. I can play GTAV between 45 and 55 FPS on ULTRA settings, but god forbid I click next turn after turn 30... It takes about 4 minutes per turn,,,, 4. Regardless the map size I choose or difficulty from the AI. I loved GCII but GCIII is broken right now."
,Recommended,226860,16651090,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Shktrp,"Meh, It's okay."
76561198113365362,Recommended,226860,16726130,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Rommel,This is an excellent game. It is well rounded and is growing into a worthy successor of Galactic Civilizations II.
76561198080322234,Not Recommended,226860,16978111,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,zuganator,Dosnt even work
76561198298888315,Recommended,226860,22656209,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,conansps,Great Game. Uses a lot of resources but it is designed to allow to play without having a super computer. You lose out on many of the functions of the game but it allows you to play.
76561198083934446,Recommended,226860,25046556,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,evildead,"Sometimes when i finish my TURN, 'turn' button changed 'wait' and no further action appear. fix it."
,Recommended,226860,14805483,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Aug,I read on Kotaku that it's better than Civilization V with the Brave New World expansion.
,Not Recommended,226860,18243489,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Jonny B,Really fun gameplay. Too bad it crashes all the ♥♥♥♥ing time.
76561198121292835,Not Recommended,226860,18245357,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,InterFan,"The oppoents are all faster at tech, building, exploring, and fighting. There are no planets to actually colonize even on the highest frequency. Doing any improvements at all to the planet or setting up the starbases hardly improves production or research at all so as to make it nearly pointless to persue most strategies in this game."
76561198045697595,Recommended,226860,15036186,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,TordenTor,"Still a bit buggy, but I still recommend this game to anyone who enjoys turn based strategy games. Because it has a great potential!  And it keeps getting better.!"
76561198035482254,Recommended,226860,15037288,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,redboris,Great Strat game .Still waiting for the BETA copy to develope
76561198072350220,Recommended,226860,14980320,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,graemg,has no words on my computer
76561198044505096,Not Recommended,226860,19022554,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,SpicyNachoDoritos,boring
76561198142331801,Not Recommended,226860,19224217,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Raspoutine,Disappointing and dull
76561198101414770,Recommended,226860,24031982,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,martinlchambers,Good game with memories of Masters of Orion
,Recommended,226860,20289878,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,wolfy2k20,been looking for a decent sci fi game cimilar to civ games for a while seems to tick the boxes so far
,Recommended,226860,32904231,Posted: 27 June,all,AwesomePossum,very good game. really helps with my star trek fantasies lmao
,Recommended,226860,31142360,Posted: 14 April,all,"""Bull"" Aleramo",is cool
76561198000985724,Recommended,226860,25117249,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Vector,Having fun playing a game series I enjoyed for years!
76561198209615432,Recommended,226860,25118070,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,jcgriep451,Very fun to make your own faction
76561198038484117,Recommended,226860,24036172,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,markcarstens,"Being a big Sci Fi fan, I think its a great representation of the universe. The worlds look good and much thought has gone into them. Great game I am really enjoying it."
76561198031132976,Recommended,226860,28821446,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Second Wind,Best thing that stands toe to toe with Sid Meier's Civilization series.
76561198072461999,Recommended,226860,28878498,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Corporal Maxwell Klinger,"Amazing game, simple as that"
76561198175695939,Recommended,226860,28753602,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ronlybarger,complicated
76561198060395823,Recommended,226860,28870719,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,newguy11,I love the freedom of this game; You determine how you play.  will you kill your enimies with kindness or just kill them. you design your own ships and forge yourown warfleets.If you want more to play with too easy. the community modding support behind this game kicks up the replayability to the point that you could never play this out.
76561198105654272,Recommended,226860,28791248,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,starfoxps,"Great game for all players. Well designed gameplay as well as fun mechanics, such as the ability to control each planet and even make your own ships. For new players or easy-going players it has tutorials as well as easy ai and even a campaign to follow through. For those seeking that extra challenge you can raise the ai difficulty to provide plenty of challenge to even the most skilled players. Plenty of map sizes for those seeking a really short game, up to those ready to sit down for days and play. Overall i love the game and would recommend it to anyone who likes this genre of gaming."
76561198219412549,Recommended,226860,28892333,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,agentiln1,everyone hates me why can you make a way to lower hate easeyer PS can you put a population counter to get a set of accomplishment
76561198052971128,Not Recommended,226860,21020636,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,realxavier,"Shallow, contrintuitive with unfriendly UI."
,Not Recommended,226860,26713616,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Celtic,"I enjoyed colonizing, exploring and designing my own ships ... but when the time has come to face the enemies in battle, the game becomes annoying as hell: You will feel cheated by the AI!"
76561197982499921,Recommended,226860,28400357,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dezus,"There is a lot to take in which can be a tad overwhelming, but once your rolling around there is a ton of cool and interesting stuff to experience."
76561198169378044,Not Recommended,226860,21915577,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Buddy Dee's Ghost,"Dont buy it.  Gal Civ 2 had mad potential.  In its current state its still a better game.  The story of the game caan be told simply by looking at the lack of attention the developers have paid to changing the fonts for the visually impaired.  I run a NV 970 GTX card with 4 Gs on a 4 year old ASUS 21 in monitor and have tried numerous resolutions from 1024 to 1900.When I look for a fix on steam I get the community advice to change the text in the UI files, but when I do, the font becomes too large to fit the UI and therefore useless.I do not understand after about a year how the devs have neglected this simple issue?  It's not like they have to change the AI or anything that difficult.  All I can conclude is they just dont care.What's worse is that I logged 2 hours of ""playing time"" simply by entering and exiting the game - as IS REQUIRED to change the graphic settings....so guess what?  Steam wont take it back.Well I guess the jokes on me.Maybe whenever I can buy a new desk with a 44 inch monitor I can finally play this game."
,Not Recommended,226860,22538060,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,sky,"Meh. Combat here is just an endless game of rock, paper and scissors."
76561197994281375,Not Recommended,226860,23379588,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Harm,3 out of 10UnexcitingRather play Galactic Civilizations 2
,Not Recommended,226860,25204314,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,wolfm,"Galactic Civilizations 2 was indeed a very successful game that many people claimed was the true heir of the vaunted Masters of Orion 2. Unfortunately this sequel doesn't improve enough from the previous game. The graphics are indeed better but nobody really cares about graphics in games like this. Everything else is more or less exactly the same with Gal Civ 2 with some very minor differences. The game feels more or less the same with Gal Civ 2 and in some cases , like the AI, which was a highmark in the previous game it actually is inferior. Special mention must also be made that the game is still unstable with quite a few crashes and freezes and a vicious memory leak that makes the game run very slowly even in strong systems."
,Not Recommended,226860,25677224,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,chrispetersen77,Lack of any real tutorial or actually evolving gameplay sets game well behind Civ 5
76561198036859353,Not Recommended,226860,23371348,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,dragonmalice,"Every time I get a fair way up the tech tree and start getting into the game, it crashes.  Reload the save, it crashes at the same point again, every time.  Got worse after I accepted the free developers tookkit.  Unstable at best, which is not what I want from a game where I spend a ton of time building just to miss out on the endgame.Most of the errors in the log seem to be DLC related - uninstalled the game and will try a fresh install without the DLC."
76561198107073106,Not Recommended,226860,19687744,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ICE Immigration Agent,Pushing out DLC's before the game is even complete....
76561198007720899,Recommended,226860,35217605,Posted: 26 September,all,Horemvore,A good space 4x. Reminds me alot of Civ 4 in how the game plays. Has alot of depth and character. For me it always has that one more turn feeling. Has great support from the Developers through patches and the constant interaction with the community via the forums and discord. Not many companies out there where you can actually talk to the CEO and Lead Developers.Does it have issues? Yes it does (non game breaking) but so do most games out there in this day and age. Atleast Stardock are promt with fixes and patches to address any issues that arise.
76561198154421065,Recommended,226860,34716674,Posted: 3 September,all,Militarybrat90,"Great game, worth every penny."
,Not Recommended,226860,34011845,Posted: 4 August,all,Stephanov,Doesn't live up to its predecessor in the slightest. Get Gal Civ II.
76561198032498807,Not Recommended,226860,29680436,Posted: 3 February,all,ashurakain,"I loved the amazing features and things that can be done with this game. But every since they ""updated"" it, its no longer playable.U get crashes, at almost every single thing u do, from atking pirate bases, to building them, colonizing planets or conquering them, researching ahead of everybody, getting techs from anomolies, exploring anomolies... on those are just the things ive found, and the most annoying of them all... the hanging turns...Dont buy this game, or any game made by stardock. Stardock has become a company that no longer cares about theyre games, they only care about creating great features, and displaying them, but not fixing, the problems that come with them.If u must play a GalCiv game, play part 2, tho it has similar bugs, its WAAAAAY more stable than this one.PS - I will change my review when these problems no longer exist, or at least do not happen sooo often."
76561198049031884,Not Recommended,226860,24604092,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,danthewolf007,looks and feels like any sid meiers game.
76561198014614629,Not Recommended,226860,30415979,Posted: 9 March,all,Monties_war,"It's just too slow.and I've clocked up a few hundred hours on eu4.it's solid and the graphics are great, but mid to late game looses me."
,Not Recommended,226860,35503433,Posted: 5 October,all,McMadCamel,"The game is great as a concept and as it's supposed to work.But it's way to bugged to play multiplayer, game randomly crashes, simple functions does not work with out bugging.And in a second a several hour long game can be complelty lost due to random crashes.For a game that have been out for about two years and have a bugs back from it's beta is not okay in anyway, and to make it worse the devs just got a standard replay ""reinstall game and redist"" .. just horrible."
76561198043036741,Not Recommended,226860,14721171,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Clowndog,"I have had my eye on this game for some time, and was unable to resist the 50% discount available over the weekend. After about 15 hours of gameplay I now cannot shake the feeling that I was totally sucked in. Galactic Civilization 3 is little more then a graphically upgrade to its predecessor, the only *revolutionary* new features, the Idealogical Traits and the Era-based restrictions on technology are currently so woefully imbalanced as to be game breaking. If these are fixed, and all the old, disabled features are added in, GalCiv3 might be worth a 10% premium over GC2. (You might value gameplay over graphics more than me,and I can assure you, I’m getting mightily cheesed off at Steam for throwing a dozen Indy games and their 8-bit graphics at me everyday, in which case it might be worth an extra 20-30%). Currently, with GC3, GC2 is the by far the more complete and satisfying game, and its cheaper to boot.Some notable flaws:-Entering the AGE OF WARFARE (one would assume the mid-game) despite not having encountered another race or researching a single military tech.-Not being able to colonize some planets because the technology required cannot be researched until the AGE OF ASCENCION (the Endgame?)-Every colony comes with an ethical dilemna. Establish half a dozen colonies and pick the Malevolent choice and you’ll be able to unlock a third tier Malevolent trait which makes your entire empire immune to to cultural warfare. Cultural warfare has traditionally been overpowered but this is a no solution. A planetary upgrade that grants immunity, unlocked at the fifth tier, with idealolical points generally being harder to aqcuire would be workable, making the effort better balance cultural warfare and resistance would be prefered. Blanket immunity, so easily accessed is ultimately the reason I have decided to stop playing this game, the reason to post my first game review, and the reason I will not be recommending this game"
,Recommended,226860,11765403,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Cartogan,"Great potential for a nice civ like space game, is is now i early beta so it is somewhat limited but the tech tree is quite impressive."
76561198036997719,Recommended,226860,10508885,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,dustfang61,"has  a lot of awesomeness coming but not fun at the moment, but ship editer is to die for :PEdit: so now that i played it ather the relaese i can say that you can play a esy 100 hours with out realizeing it. so take that howed your like"
76561198018942660,Not Recommended,226860,33070584,Posted: 30 June,all,pulsater555,"If you want a good 4x space game with stratagy, play Stellaris.I have tried at this game but have not found it to have any deeper stratagy than place as many starbases as possible, gather all those resources, try to make a fleet... then get completely destroyed by the AI who somehow out match you with research, resources, and fleet power.I am going to keep trying. But at this point this game is not worth the price Even at a discounted cost of $33.00.I loved Stardocks Sins of a Solar empire, but this game is something else.  Great concept, by it just doesnt feel playable."
,Recommended,226860,12333159,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,SCE_Hamster,It will make you make the weiner face.
76561198023093432,Not Recommended,226860,13662890,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Nosferatii,"Game is still not in a workable state, don't waste your money until you know you can play it. Game loads but crashes every time I start a game. Completely unplayable at this time. Please fix these bugs."
,Recommended,226860,13993815,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Cool Guy Caleb,This review sums it all up:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GZrtZuW4y0
76561198002599053,Recommended,226860,19862665,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Galileo,Outrunning everyone until some Space Squirrels killed me.  Would play again.
,Not Recommended,226860,23718730,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,Why did I buy another crappy Stardock game?Why?What was I thinking?
76561198035820636,Recommended,226860,25167174,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,nasofw,"If you enjoyed 1 and 2, you will enjoy 3."
76561198047653311,Not Recommended,226860,30698771,Posted: 23 March,all,cainchild,"The series is done imho.Gamers accepting this garbage is pathetic.I got in on this as beta, pre purcahsed,It's still unstable, still has balance and gameplay issues. Still STILL an excress of poitnless and meaningless pop ups.I reccomend not spending your money with stardock at all anymore."
76561198041889254,Not Recommended,226860,18184016,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,hoedje,"I bought this game hoping it would be a fun and entertaining game to play. I sadly found out the most fun was watching the trailers, so I wasted €50,-.Just watch the trailers and quicly skip to another game."
76561198006838938,Not Recommended,226860,14134774,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,kwright,The original games were much better.  Sorry.
76561198138103767,Not Recommended,226860,28857783,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,PimpDaddyPingu,"This game is cool if you want to spend an hour trying to figure out how to play and what to do . The tutorial is pretty much useless and even if you do get somthing from it your still lost . Its not recomended for impatient people , or even moderetly patient people."
76561198118004385,Not Recommended,226860,31983697,Posted: 26 May,all,wildmanofthebog,"this game was ok when i first got it, however i made the mistake of connecting to the internet when i was trying to install another game and steam forced it to lock me out of using it until i updated it (i turned off automatic updates, if a game works i don't mess with it) after that digital update♥♥♥♥♥♥raped my computer the game became a mess with new ""features"" that sucked♥♥♥♥♥ i changed the settings again to never update games but steam forced it to lock me out unless updating a single player game again (i never use games that are not single player, it takes months between when i can access the internet). the game mechancs were poor and too generic. just automted everything. if your looking for a good strategy game, look elsewhere, don't buy this steam-ing turd"
76561198065437409,Not Recommended,226860,28612968,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,rdavis,Just get Stellaris instead. It's pretty much the same game but even better.
76561198040387356,Not Recommended,226860,35171571,Posted: 23 September,all,0x2DA24FCC,"While the game looks pretty and adds some interesting things, overall I'd say it is a slightly reduced GalCiv 2. And judging by the latsest expansion, further dumbing down is the way the developers plan to go."
76561198007840014,Not Recommended,226860,35434412,Posted: 2 October,all,marshaladmiralq,"Honestly this game feels les customizable then Gal Civ 2. actually besides graphics it feels jsut inferior to the previous game. I don't like how the research UI is, some of the comedy has been lost. don't like the goverment systems appear to be gone. It has just been a let down."
76561197982815216,Recommended,226860,15864339,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Fe,"Galactic Civilizations III and Distant Worlds: Universe are the best space 4x game in market right now. The only flaw I see is random crash in the game.If you think Galciv 3 doesn't look good because it has  many negative reviews, please keep in mind that the most boring and plainest 4x game like Endless Space has highest sale figures of all 4x space game market. People make weird decision sometime, you need to play this game by yourself to see if you like it or not"
76561198059868579,Recommended,226860,15963361,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Durpadeeps,This game is a challenge.  love it~
,Recommended,226860,23935013,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Dodenburg,hours of fun
76561198007573636,Recommended,226860,15827189,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,kriszhao,Great 4x title
76561198024749062,Recommended,226860,30279732,Posted: 2 March,all,dan006,grate game
76561198051312748,Recommended,226860,23150469,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Last_Resort,GG
,Not Recommended,226860,16482969,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Screamingiraffe,Steaming pile of buggy garbage. I really didn't like this game.
,Recommended,226860,15839286,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew","Can put engines on the front of my ship. 11.3125/10.Also, on sale now at £10.19 - get it if you like this sort of game!But what sort of game is it? Well, it is a 4x in space :D Some may argue that is isn't the most complex 4x out there, and it isn't. It sits neatly between the low-end (Masters of Orion) and the high-end (Stellaris). It has great graphics, loads of DLC and the ship designer... oh... ships! I'd almost play just that ;)"
76561198124265964,Recommended,226860,16867561,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,starfoxfan,I like it
76561198052402626,Recommended,226860,18169022,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Pelcham,fantastic game. Just waht you expect.
76561198010613086,Recommended,226860,16869029,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,warmonger667,this game is amazing :D the graphics are grest and the gameplay is even better!!
76561198007009952,Recommended,226860,16879878,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,wyrmwud,"It's good, and getting better with patches. One day, it may even be great."
,Recommended,226860,15942605,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Complicate-Ted,Best vidya
76561198023141293,Recommended,226860,15835127,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Nachoguy5,"I was waiting until campaign features came out to properly review this so here goes...7.5/10 probably the best new 4x space game on the market right now not perfect but it's bretty gud :DDDDDPros- Pretty spess grafix- Sweet cutscenes and intro movie- Good ship customization- Deep tech tree that feels satisfying to delve into- Exploration is fun and yields fat rewards- Colonization is satisfying and every planet has different risks and rewards that come with it- Ideology system is pretty neat, buffs range from ""when will I ever need this?"" to ""I AM GROGNOR, DESTROYER OF WORLDS""- Diplomacy/trade system based more or less on the Civilization model which is actually kind of nice- Combat is pretty- Good faction creator- huge mapsCons- AI is unpredictable and at times downright stupid (a 4x staple, however)- No proper methods of getting around the galaxy much faster than your ships can properly go, a real pain on insane or immense size maps especially if forces are needed in a certain area (i.e. warp gates, mass relays, etc. you get the gist)- Even friendly AI will build mining stations deep within your territory for no good reason and then complain when you absorb them- + and - system for diplomacy is irritating- Galactic effects like ""EVERYONE WANTS TO KILL EVERYONE SCREW YOUR ALLIANCES DIPLOMACY -2"" and ""EVERYBODY STOP FIGHTING AND BE FRIENDS DIPLOMACY +1"" completely ruin stable alliances and chances to go to war- Crashes/bugs, but this game did just come out of a long dip in the early access swimming pool so I can forgive and forget a little of that- No direct control over combat, it is literally a dice roll based on numbers and damage types so say you can't win a battle by just being an expert strategist, you just gotta have more guns and more ships than the other guy"
76561198042465652,Recommended,226860,15836181,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Cheato1,"So far im loving the game. Ive only played it for 2 hours and i have started 3 times and only gotten around 80 turns each time yet each game feels different thanks to the way the tech trees work. Whether the game is worth the price or not im unsure but one thing i can say with certainty is that i enjoy the games customization. My only complaint is that the game ""blocked"" me out of the 4th tech tree in one match...it was a bad experience as it basically removed the 1st tech in the tree forcing me to be unable to research anything...meaning i couldnt even get the translator tech to speak to other empires. Hopefully this will be fixed soon as the game has just been released at least."
,Recommended,226860,20640084,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,DJ76,"even lack of some feature from its predecessor, but still worth playing"
,Recommended,226860,15844911,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,polaris.ursa,"As a fan of the GalCiv franchise since version 1 it's refreshing to see some of the changes in this new iteration, though it seems to be mostly a glossy coat of paint over a game that hasn't essentially changed much. That being said the interface had been clunky at best in past versions and this is a pretty outstanding advancement - crisp videos, sharp layout, intuitive interfaces (sometimes a little TOO intuitive to where you don't realize you can interact with something). Some aspects of the game have been streamlined to make gameplay faster and smoother, which also means some aspects of the game us micro-managers used to love are now gone. The new tech tree is interesting but I got stuck in a sub-tree and couldn't figure out how to get out without reloading the game. The AI has definitely improved in this iteration which is refreshing - in previous versions the AI was overpowered in many ways and downright stupid in others. The ship-building seems a little more clunky to use than in prior versions while at the same time looks a lot nicer - not a great trade-off but I imagine the interface will get some improvements in future patches. Overall still a great game and worth the buy! Great job Stardock bringing the game up to date with technology and design once again."
76561198109270829,Not Recommended,226860,31671811,Posted: 10 May,all,cyadorScion5,"Terrible game with all included DLC. It is clunky, and the interface is unintuitive. It also has bugs/crashes, so I had to play through the tutorial twice. DON'T BUY IT!!! It is a waste of money, and the amount of time it takes to realize that means you've likely played for longer than 2 hours, meaning you won't be able to get a refund from steam. So, stay away, don't buy this horrible and unbalanced game, instead try any of Sid Meier's Stuff, it is much better having a good user interface and balanced play."
76561198025606796,Not Recommended,226860,29219880,Posted: 13 January,all,Xantical,I hate this so ♥♥♥♥ing much
76561197988729638,Recommended,226860,29535079,Posted: 27 January,all,Rockclimber,"Awesome game, much live the previous incarnation.  If you are a turn based strategy fan and like space as a setting to do battle this is the game for you!"
76561198093596786,Recommended,226860,23031026,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Patmegroin,"If you like games like Civilization, Command and Conquer, and sim city, give this game a shot. There is so much you can do here, and the replayability is endless."
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,226860,35342488,Posted: 30 September,all,Buzzerker,"I love this series , even though I was banned permanently by a developer from commenting on GalCiv III during Early Access I still like the game.I own the other games on disc , GalCiv I and Galciv II Dread Lords and Ulitmate Editions. I very recently played this game on immense with 8 AI adversaries , Everything was going smoothly until I hit the 250th turn.By then I ran into the Altarians, the Yor, the Drengin, the Thalan and two other empires. That's when the game started to take longer and longer and longer to load through their turns to get to mine until the game slows to a crawl. I've never had that happen with any other game , certainly not with the other two and when I was playing those ones I had a lot older computer.I have read on the internet and the Steam discussions similar threads describing this same problem. It's unfortunate , I played this game recently for many hours over the course of several days , twice as the Terrans and once as the Drengin, it was as the Terrans that I experienced the game coming to a practical standstill. I can't return it , I can't complain to anyone about it and no one, it appears , is going to resolve it.So I will just give this review and warn anyone else that if you buy it , you will feel cheated, because this game is not playable the way it is.it's a cool game but it was implemented by developers who do not know what they are doing.The graphics are not all that sophisticated , the gameplay is not rigoruous or demanding so the problem is with the code, the game engine. Which is solely the developer's fault.I cannot recommend this game in the broken state that it currently is in.The Crusade DLC will not fix it, a modern computer will not make it run any better.IF you are thinking about buying this game do your homework and you will find that there are plenty of people , all of them with different rigs, some very impressive rigs, that experience this issue.It has not been resovled satisfactorily to this day and Stardock is still trying to sell the public DLC."
76561198008288852,Not Recommended,226860,22508199,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,wkwillen,meh
,Not Recommended,226860,24837216,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,DrLemonzz,"Not only is the GUI an eyesore but combined with the learning curve, this game leaves you highly unsatisfied and disappointed to spent money on it. 2/10"
76561198068794960,Not Recommended,226860,24815525,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,WakendBake,"So BAD i mean really it may aswell have been released as a remaster of galactic civ 2, Grphics are terrible interface is as bad as its predecesor. tutorial if you need it is laughable, unbelievably bad on every level."
76561198149321138,Not Recommended,226860,20637154,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,tshibangubrl,it is not what it seems do not waste your time
76561197978872594,Recommended,226860,22959881,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Maladoror,Love the game! Never played any of the GalCiv games before. I am a big fan of Sid Meier's Civ games and many other 4X games. My first two games were rough and just for learning how to play. I won by Influence on my third game. On my fourth game now and it is very addictive. It will keep be busy until Civ VI come out.
76561198118220680,Recommended,226860,30937894,Posted: 4 April,all,wmcferren,Everything GalCiv II and much more. No faults with this one.
76561198011686888,Recommended,226860,30996446,Posted: 7 April,all,Tombstone,Love this game..
76561198075314572,Recommended,226860,31065663,Posted: 10 April,all,jlmillwo,Outstanding! Must have for strategy game lovers!
76561198002485002,Recommended,226860,25729325,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Bobo Snoogans,Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!Super Awsome Funtime!!!!!
76561198179380417,Recommended,226860,25191117,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,jesse.lee.g84,A good fun 4X Game
,Not Recommended,226860,18237457,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Ritsuka,"Hey wanna play a fun ga..*crash to desktop*.This is fun, the tides are finally turning in my fav.. *crash to desktop*This game is pretty much the same as galactic civ 3, except for the better graph.. *crash to desktop*If the last galactic civ's problems of crashing are any indication of how much stardock cares to fix problems, you can gaurantee this will never be fixed.. *crash to desktop*To be fair though, I love this game, and I do think you get your moneys worth however, my negative review is in protest of dealing with this game's series crashing and poor optimization for years. Take some time, fix your problems, and this will be a solid classic of a game, unfortunately it is tarnished by the same problems of Galactic Civ 2"
76561198008997615,Not Recommended,226860,19117805,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,JtheExile,Lost four times in a row. Said my civilization collapsed. No idea why.
76561198032992898,Recommended,226860,13218105,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Bumbefly Sony Test םו,"You like Space? You like Civilization, the original Sid Meier's? Then you'll undoubtly like Calactic Civ III. Though not from Sid nor from K2 Games, Galactic will meet your expectations. Currently in Bèta, pre-release, so a lot of functions don't work yet or are bugged but already it's well  playable. I'm anxiously awaiting modders to augment the game. Being a Meier's fan for some 20 years, i reccomend this game for every-one to supplement their CIV-collection."
76561198028684465,Recommended,226860,29566727,Posted: 29 January,all,BornOfWar,Hands down favorite space civ builder.
76561198049514855,Recommended,226860,29566960,Posted: 29 January,all,ssteelman123,"If you like 4x games, this is a good one."
,Not Recommended,226860,16453657,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Corrosion,Game simply has WAYYYY TOOOO MANNNYYYYY BUGGGGSSSSS.
76561198045205678,Not Recommended,226860,28496565,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,The Ironic Meme,the damn game is trash cause of the strenght of the AI you can't beat them
76561198039155892,Recommended,226860,28384890,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Perseforis,Great tactical space game. Loads of fun.
76561198164619519,Recommended,226860,28804434,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,chrisreichert34,Gtreat
76561198124394677,Recommended,226860,31921503,Posted: 23 May,all,Donald Trump,Make the Galaxy Great Again.
76561198002308919,Not Recommended,226860,20567000,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Gorgeous_Joe,Stellaris by Paradox makes this game look.............well.........dated...........I guess somethings are best left in the memories of your childhood.
76561198060113131,Not Recommended,226860,25229583,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,aaron_cripps,Sleeping is more interesting than this game unless your idea of a good time is mouse clicking.
76561198009273289,Recommended,226860,25306875,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,jleemjs,"you make civilisations on galactic levels, part 3"
76561197996762492,Not Recommended,226860,18438547,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Gott,"The game still has issues, but it seems they are actually making improvements.-Basically no defense on planets, get a troop transport there and bang, it is your planet.-Space station, again no real defense/attack. High level stations easy to destroy with even with a small group of low tech ships.-Super poor visibility on planets.-One turn most the AI's like you the next everyone attacks you.-AI's oviously dont have to see you to know where your ships are.The game boils down to a stupid game of cat & mouse. Visibilty so poor the AI can cross your max sight radius and destroy your station or take your planet before you can respond.Game can be fun, hench my many hours on it. But I dont reccomend buying unless it is on sale."
76561197960469137,Not Recommended,226860,15857435,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Sith1ord,"Good graphics are like lipstick on a pig. If it were just me, I'd assume it's just my preferences, but there's many reviews saying the same thing."
76561198420912931,Recommended,226860,35376995,Posted: 1 October,all,#STFC,"""STEAM COMMUNITY BADGE"" review...SPLOSH!"
,Not Recommended,226860,35503559,Posted: 5 October,all,DjZaze,"This game is one of the greatest 4X games out there in my opinion, there are so many things to do and learn in it and the multiplayer is great funBut, and this is a big BUT, the multiplayer part of the game is so bugged that it can be close to unplayable. Me and a friend of mine spent well over an hour just trying to start a game because the game kept crashing for one of us each time we tried to launch the game and load up a map.We eventually got it working but now nearly 14 hours into the same match we can't get any further because the United Planets feature didn't show up for both of us.Also during those about 14 hours we played the map the game crashed several times.For a game that has been out for over 2 years and even had a beta period on steam prior to that it is simply not good enough.I've played other stardock games, mainly Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion without ever experiencing anything like this.I would not recommend buying this game if your main reason for buying it is to play with your friends, because the bugs, crashes and whatever weird glitches the game throws at you are just too annoying to be acceptable."
,Not Recommended,226860,23116147,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Merchando,I am sorry.Stellaris got to me
76561198009005167,Not Recommended,226860,11755049,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,xwasp58,Well what I can say about this game. It’s definitely not finished yet!! . It keeps coming up with shipyard idle. So you have to build a ship to go to the next turn. . Also when you’ve built the cities it says city idle. The only way around this I could see. Is to destroy a building and build another building to move on to my next turn. Then when that building is build .Again city idle GrrrrrrI turned it off and loaded Galactic Civilizations 2. Now don’t get me wrong when it’s finished it should be good. But wait till then. I’m so glad I didn’t pay £75.00 . I’m not happy I paid £26.99Well you’re ChoiceRegardsGary xwasp58
76561198002901208,Recommended,226860,11709186,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Novirtue,"For a beta, this is incredibly polished at its current state, I can definitely see what the designers have in mind, I have played every single 4x game I've been able to find in my lifetime, from master of orion to obscure ones like endless space, sword of the stars, Horizon, etc... I still rate the galactic civ series as one of the best out there, once this is finished it's going to be amazing, but anyway on to the current state:Still a big laggy when there's more than 2 ships moving on same screen.I didn't play enough, only an hour or so and I didn't see any random moral choices, only planet ones, so I'm guessing it's not as common or it hasn't been implemented yet.Diplomacy is also not in the game yet, so in its current state, it's mostly for you to get used to their interface, and some basic mechanics.The ideology is a really cool implementation, along with the resource mining, couldn't figure out how to mine asteroids, I'll probably wait to give a better review once the game is more developed, but as it is, it's quite impressive already!"
76561198107904384,Not Recommended,226860,35043525,Posted: 18 September,all,johnson_desmond,This game was a lot of fun until the latest update (2.5) completely wiped out the joy. Damn!
76561198102805525,Not Recommended,226860,23107957,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Bdog737,Could not get it to load
76561198031861059,Not Recommended,226860,23101754,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,mboots,This game should have been great. They really dropped the ball and I doubt they can pick it up at this point.Save your money.
,Not Recommended,226860,31380704,Posted: 26 April,all,Barry McCockinner,Stellaris is better
76561198045516698,Not Recommended,226860,34874431,Posted: 10 September,all,ramlatus,The game mechanics make it impossible to build a stable civilization.
,Not Recommended,226860,31690037,Posted: 11 May,all,Alan_Murphy,"Please do not buy this game.You will notice that I have a ton of Paradox Interactive games in my library, and I have been a fan of the company for years. Unfortunately the company decided to change Galactic Civ II to Galactic Civ III with the only change being that consumers had to pay for content that was previously free. With the additional insult of charging people for the DLC map pack, I can only state that I feel a certain betrayle of trust, and I will never buy a Paradox Interactive game again. Specifically I don't mean that I will never buy Galactic Civ IV or other space games like Stellaris, I mean to say that I will never buy a Paradox Interactive game, HOI series ect."
,Not Recommended,226860,32783531,Posted: 25 June,all,OBookman,"I dont know how to phrase it but GalCiv is hard to criticize, it's an established 4K space strategy, it has all the good sides of its predecessors but still something is missing in this game, there's this something that gets you to come back and replay it is missing in it, I think the species are meaningless, their traits are really vaguely different no matter what you do, the diplomacy sucks too."
76561198288839648,Not Recommended,226860,22863065,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,operator873,"I honestly couldn't tell you much about the game. Granted I don't have a super gaming computer... my laptop still met the minimum requirements and nearly the recommened. Sadlly, It ran long enough for me to download a DLC just once. Every other time I've tried to play this game, it crashes back to desktop after an EXTENDEDLY long loading screen. Perhaps if I had $1900 to invest in a high end computer, this review would be reading much differently. As for reality...I hope you are able to enjoy the game. I wasn't able to."
76561198188221889,Not Recommended,226860,23952707,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Captain Biscuit,okay so this game is very disliked by a lot of people and i do get it this game has very little to show for its self but you did not click on this for their review you clicked on it for my opinion so with that in mind i would say that its a good game but not good enough for me recommend this game to anyone true i do like this game but if i knew all this game had to offer i would not have bought this game
76561198012494587,Not Recommended,226860,13954468,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,No Homo!,so this is a beta we have to buy at full price range. I cincerly hope this means once it stops beeing a beta we'll be updated and not that they'll simply sell the game as another package
76561198016600956,Not Recommended,226860,22958818,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Musashi,"I find it amazing to see how muych a bunch of people with no imagination can fail. They have almost unlimited resources and yet they fail so big. The game after a while it's repetitive. No mod support whatsoever yet. And it's incredibly heavy with more than 10 races. Despite the great potential, they seems to have no idea what they are doing. only way to have a little bit of fun would be multiplayer experience. Wich is extremely limited at this level.Not worth, even with all the dlc. My suggestion: Wait for a better game unless you have it as a gift. In wich case, just use it as a gift for someone else."
,Not Recommended,226860,33360697,Posted: 7 July,all,archdemon20,"As most of what other reviewers has said, this game still needs a lot of balancing issues and AI optimization to be fixed. I'm not gonna beat a dead horse.However, there's one gripe i have that is yet to be mentioned by anyone. The writer for the game conflated the idea of Jihad with Crusade. Why not just use  the word Crusade for Devout Tech Tree? A game is a work of art in part; it can be used to inculcate ideas or promote opinions. Please, fix the ignorant use of the term. Don't promote ignorance."
76561197970426618,Not Recommended,226860,19871137,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,bushybonbon,"I really enjoyed GC2 however, GC3 is just plain boring in comparison."
76561198021875045,Recommended,226860,15845612,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Succubae,Best Galactic Civilization game ever :)
76561198090503892,Not Recommended,226860,28884266,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,A Vampire Mosquito,Not worth it. Completely disappointing.
76561198134582565,Not Recommended,226860,19323780,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Worldddd,The slow loading after ending every turn combine with the massive micromanagement late game makes it completely unenjoyable to even continue playing this game any further. Is fun on the short term but stressful on the long run if you plan to play on big maps which is mainly what this game is about. Not to mention this game is expensive so I highly recommend no.
76561198268412182,Not Recommended,226860,35031185,Posted: 17 September,all,alemos2014,"I loved it until the recent update, I HATE the changes to the starbases, manufacturing, coersion, promethion reserve, etc. though I did like the resource changes making admis more acceptable but this recent change really makes me hate to play right now until it is changes."
76561198006105895,Not Recommended,226860,32884758,Posted: 27 June,all,Voltaire,"Another lackluster 4x. Lots of selling points, little game depth/meaningful decisions and bad UI. Get Civ 5 if you want a 4x that's worth the time it takes to master it."
,Not Recommended,226860,15404568,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Trance Wolf,"When does this actually come out...bought the game, got the BETA...I am ready for the whole game!"
76561198008998514,Not Recommended,226860,15243610,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Jeslik,"Ugh.  Grand total of 41 minutes in and I'm dreading my next turn.  Ok, it's more than a little presumptuous to have an opinion at this point but I'm done.   This is nowhere near GalCiv2, which I spent many many hours playing.  It just looks and feels clunky. I still go back to GalCiv2 regularly.  If I weren't so tired, I'd load up a game now.  Bugs and all, that game still is amazing.  This... not so much.  I don't like the look, the feel, the controls... it just doesn't feel new or improved.  I mean, appearance is where this game fell down, not format or style or substance.  And to me, they've turned it more cartoony, less realistic. bleh.  I'll try again in 6 months, see if ""release"" version overcomes the CF that this appears to be.  Right now?  I wanna refund..."
76561198007956161,Not Recommended,226860,16152661,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,jobro_06,"I bought this game thinking that it would be a major overhaul of the previous gal civ 2 game, but it is basically a re-skin of the previous one. Asides from the odd addition, it barely differs from the previous version. Nothing really more to add, except that once you've played it, it kind of gets boring. Lets put it this way, it is no comparison to Distant Worlds which in my op is the best space strategy simulator out there.Apart from that, I'd recommend buying this game only if you are a die hard Gal Civ fan. If this is your first time playing this game, then I would suggest getting Distant World's instead. Everything moves on that game, just like a living and breathing galaxy would."
76561198013756764,Not Recommended,226860,19727694,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Barry Dillon,"This game is barely a shadow of GC2, if you want to play a good scifi empire builder, play that one ans skip this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Not Recommended,226860,18574954,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,chase_callion,Yeah its good all the way up until you start winning then it wont let you play the game anymore
,Not Recommended,226860,20078543,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Snaggletooth,"Played the first two installments of this, cannot play this third, set up the game... go to start game after selecting race etc... game just crashes!"
76561198120146896,Not Recommended,226860,17351731,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,jeroenven,"Completely broken. Often freezes for no good reason, or prompts you to ""wait"" indefinetly."
76561198137092212,Not Recommended,226860,19938789,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Cryptid,"i wish that the names of the fleets wouldnt change when more ships are added and when making ships in the shipyard it would be better if the ships were seperated by class(seperated in assualt, support, and capital and so on). also a more agressive AI is always a nice add. overall though i enjoy the overall concept. i like planet tile management and the like. it just seems unfinished."
76561198305790494,Recommended,226860,30951498,Posted: 4 April,all,rmartin1836D,"Great game, I think this is my favorite game of all time!Can't stop playing"
,Recommended,226860,30931716,Posted: 3 April,all,Steelshank,"I only bought this game to get a badge, Cheers!"
76561198007687422,Recommended,226860,22682783,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,dsaarinen77,Great game.
76561198012358150,Not Recommended,226860,25469266,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,iliphar,"I am i veteran of civilization series and other 4x games, and i just simply hate this game, tutorial is so bad, teach nothing. the AI are always better have mopre tech, more planets. i simply don't undertsand how to play this game. I check guide to help me. But whatever i do, the AI always declare war on me, have better tech, better wepon. and i tried easy.this is from someone that play every civ games and play at one the highest difficulty and played galatic civilization 1wish i could refund this game even if i payed 15$ for it."
76561198119069594,Recommended,226860,25135245,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Valkyrie517,Fun game but does have its errors.
76561197995866222,Recommended,226860,22998271,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,jahill007,It started as a good game and then some updates have made it even better.  Just don't expect anything too different.
76561198155455519,Recommended,226860,22978248,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,verbeeg,Excellent Game
76561198013099765,Recommended,226860,22594452,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Weli,"Haha Hiya ,, HiYAAAAAA"
76561198103730609,Not Recommended,226860,14699929,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,G4mBi7,How can a game go on 50% sale before it is released when i paid full price for it as part of early access to support the product? That's some BS. NEVER AGAIN!
76561198053854216,Not Recommended,226860,15858201,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Naked Snake,No way would i recommend this game to anyone! Game is full released with massive game breaking bugs. From menus without text to game crashing repeatedly on load screen. Just go to forums and you will see the chaos.
76561197981173928,Recommended,226860,9741714,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Uncle Ted,Okay people lets tread boldly and spread the word of universal harmony with lasers set to fry.Go forth and colonise the galaxy using the little Book of Calm in one hand and a Tac-Nuke in the other.Release the Kraken!
,Not Recommended,226860,32583437,Posted: 19 June,all,No Tatsuki No Tanoshi,I wanted to like the game but it's just not that great compared to what I paid for it. Stellaris was a better game. Don't get me wrong some things in this game were good but it just doesn't feel that great. The AI simply cannot compete against you even when you are given a handicap.  I have played a lot of 4X games but this one just doesn't fit the bill of something I would recommend to other people.
,Recommended,226860,9711310,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Orionsbelt29,I bought this because i found out I would get all future DLC alone with the game. If like the last one you get two and if they are both priced 20 that already brings me up to 90 and who knows what other smaller DLC it will have. Finally the chance to stream this made it worth it to me
76561198063019893,Recommended,226860,9776904,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Buff Nuggets,"Gal. Civ has a long history and is an amazing series even with only 2 core games. Anyone who played the original with understand the humor and dedication Stardock put into it even if it was just a rip on some other game.... (and although GC2 was not comical, still an amazing game) With majestic battles played out and amazingly diffrent maps to play on, each game is its own fight for dominance.Now with GC3, the story continues and the guys (and I assume at least 1-2 gals) have already shown a very impressive ALPHA. While very very (VERY!!!) limited in what you can do, what races you can pick, and only 1 way to win (blow everyone up) its a quick look at whats to come. Even the tech tree is limited but you can still see whats cooking. I am overjoed to see what the beta will hold and even as the alpha develops it should be a fun ride.Fans of this company and series should pick up the founders, $99 is a lot but with all DLCs included it should even out if not save you some coin in the long haul. Add in your own personal star (which i will make dam sure i always take over) and a thank you in game credits, its a cool way to support the game from the ground up.If not, well wait for the beta or release and drool over Stardock's Galactic Civilizations 3."
76561198081229849,Not Recommended,226860,15980824,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,McDowie,nope
76561197999832898,Not Recommended,226860,33566452,Posted: 15 July,all,fleatoad,I would have given this game a good review but I am getting Annoyed at the game freezing up. Almost every turn now I have to save and reload.
76561198030771726,Not Recommended,226860,14712698,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,M Yeung,The game doesn't run on my computer. I am trying to get a refund now.
,Not Recommended,226860,14709126,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Slugsenpai,"*buys game on sale**loads up tutorial on youtube while game loads**tutorial dies due to lag**turns off everything except the game and looks at the loading screen for 15 minuites**windows says the aplication is not responding**the game dies*10/10, would spend £15.00 on a loading screen again"
76561198014737187,Recommended,226860,11758991,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Jaynuck,The game is really good and once they release more stuff it will be even better.
,Not Recommended,226860,15841098,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Cyonis,"I will update this review in a couple months when things will be undoubtedly smoother. What I am reviewing is the game in its CURRENT STATE in regards to MY specific experiences with the backdrop question of: Would I recommend this game to someone who expected a trouble-free, finished game experience.First thing to get out of the way: I am running Windows 10 Technical Preview. No, it's not a finished OS, but no I also do not have a single problem with any other game - even older legacy games that came out even before Windows 8 released. If you are also running Win10, don't expect to have a flawless experience with this game. Saved games do not load 95% of the time, and new games will play intermittently - sometimes crashing after an hour, sometimes letting you play a 6 hour stretch.The developers are using Win10 as a scapegoat as to why their game keeps crashing repeatedly, but from what I read, even people on Windows 8 are still experiencing crash issues.Is this a fun game? Abso-freaking-lutely. Do I recommend getting this game if it were still an unfinished ""early-access"" title? 100 times yes!However, do I think this game - as it stands - is worthy of a ""released"" status... no, I'm afraid not."
76561198050764949,Not Recommended,226860,35323374,Posted: 29 September,all,jonmn36,"I will not recommend...yet.  The new v 2.5 seems like a backward move in many cases.For example, planets not sponsoring a shipyard still get charged the universal production rate for shipbuilding."
76561198033942253,Recommended,226860,22910349,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,instinctx,First picked it up in Iraq.. This is the game that got me through the war..
76561198064389899,Not Recommended,226860,23940109,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,catjika,"The ""hot-seat"" style of this game made it unplayable for me and my friends, might be ok for single-player"
76561198030822947,Not Recommended,226860,19265983,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Nazowa,"Extremely shallow and tiresome gameplay will cool you off this game very fast. No concept of a border, almost all races start wars by default there is no ""gameplay"" at all. There are no management tools whatsoever which makes gameplay a chore after you get like 5-6 colonies.All in all totaly not deserving the money I paid for it. Only reason I am still tinkering with it is the lack of suitable games."
76561197969893764,Recommended,226860,16116564,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Gomoto,Great Game!Best 4x in space yet!
76561198112336972,Recommended,226860,22987851,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,sebacuy,Great game.
76561197984794456,Recommended,226860,28849526,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,sar268,Meh
,Not Recommended,226860,29570656,Posted: 29 January,all,let us play pong Lostnhere262,Game was good when it loaded but ever since the initial instal game either loads to a black screen forever or if i try to uninstal and reinstal to fix it wont reinstal. I have goten it to reinstal but on a whole Ive owned the game 2 days played it once and spent more time trying ti fix the damn game.
76561198114152315,Recommended,226860,25497163,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,gamurray214,Good times
,Recommended,226860,25156331,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Shaemas,decent 4x -
76561197961520023,Recommended,226860,14915078,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Bob Sharp 8MU8,Best Of The Series.
76561198169329189,Recommended,226860,35186738,Posted: 24 September,all,evolucian,sickest game ever i rate 10/10
76561198030384255,Recommended,226860,21068794,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,brolybeau,? why can I not save my ship ever time I load the game all my ship are gone that i made pleae help !!!!!!
76561198064622716,Not Recommended,226860,18533050,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Ricky Rhodes,"Holy Wow this game is Basic.Such an Idiot for Dropping $50 on Maps, AI, and Combat as complex as a Flash game.* No Control of Battles ** No concept if your ships can beat their ships *    16 Guns vs 10 Guns.   That's as basic as you can get.* Maps are 2D.   3D Galaxies were as old as Master of Orion 3.  That was 15 years ago!!* Pollitics Suck: Only 10 Alien Races. Yes you can customize, but its so basic.* Aliens interactions are so Basic.  One line of text.  Trade (Y/N)"
,Recommended,226860,16543162,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bilibili,Distant World sucks
76561198057530761,Recommended,226860,17848762,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,MrRight0211,potato
,Not Recommended,226860,23151514,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Doctor Diabeetus,"I got this game on sale and I still regret buying it. Just stick with Galactic Civ II if you're thinking of buying this, Trust me, you'll have more fun that way."
76561198021430705,Not Recommended,226860,21284852,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,machiusursi,It just makes you wish you were playing MoO.
,Not Recommended,226860,21531367,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Taktisches Hustenbonbon,"Nah, i tried not to hate the missing tactical battles and the inability to construct a steady frontline with your enemies. Constant harrasing of the AI by killing my Spaceyards and Spacestations with just one or two ships all the time, gave me the rest. I will try to get a refund on this."
76561198115452117,Not Recommended,226860,28646685,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,rmbspringer,Unsatisfactory
76561198275170933,Not Recommended,226860,29728106,Posted: 5 February,all,qball58,Ai are way to quick ob building.
,Recommended,226860,9993536,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Daddy,GOTY 201410/10BUY ITPLAY ITLOVE IT
,Not Recommended,226860,33110622,Posted: 1 July,all,-CML-kamerosa,"At this point, I give negative reviews to games that I just get tired of playing halfway through.  It feels half-finished, there's a lot in there but playing it feels like a chore.  The AI feel rather meh, they don't seem to understand how to defend or attack. I get a fleet together and just steamroll through their entire empire because they seem unable to pull their fleets together.  If I could, I would do a refund because I'm almost certainly never going to reinstall it."
76561198037631987,Not Recommended,226860,14669795,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,traskarians92,"Freezes after the intro. Six, maybe eight times. Verified content. Steam won't let me opt into beta by the way they outline. Rebooted. Went to Stardock looking for help. Windows 8.1 up to date, 4 gig ram, Acer E-15, six months old. Hey but I only paid half price. Cool. Update next day: Steam says I have been on it for 90 minutes. That's how long I have let it try to move from that same screen 1 minute into the thing. Uninstalled. Downloaded again. Same thing. Junk."
,Recommended,226860,9845538,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Terrorist,Great game for people like turn base staragy games. The graphics are amazing and also love how you can customize what you can build on each planet.
76561197992841073,Recommended,226860,29556761,Posted: 28 January,all,á,never heard of it
76561198130292150,Not Recommended,226860,17973506,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Dragon,"Game sucks, wont open and I payed 50 bucks for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,226860,29573640,Posted: 29 January,all,forasp,"Pros: Everything but the conCons:Went on sale 2 hours after I bought it at full price, for 60% off.GLOBDANGIT STEAM"
76561198043315090,Recommended,226860,31515060,Posted: 2 May,all,itwasthatguy,Words go here
76561198038659734,Not Recommended,226860,23368087,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Knight9910,"As a person who has followed this series from the beginning I hate to do it, but I have to give this game a rating of ""do not recommend.""It's not that I didn't like the game, it's that... I feel like I've already played it before. This game really didn't improve much on  what we already had in Galactic Civilizations II. In fact, in some ways I feel like they stepped backwards... in the end I was left feeling like I'd been made to pay full price for what was basically an expansion pack.If you care about the Galactic Civ story then I guess get this game... otherwise, GalCiv II is really superior to this one."
76561198119427683,Not Recommended,226860,28134100,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Xuxapoppy123,Don't buy this game.
76561197992886348,Not Recommended,226860,34911189,Posted: 12 September,all,olivervickery,"*NEW*OK igave the new game a a bit of a try and even purchased your latest exp. pack, tried it for all of 30 minutes..it was awful, not the same game at all. Requested a refund. Tried reverting to a previous version as you folks suggested, worked for a while then kept crashing to the desktop, so i just removed the game from my system completely.. I can honestly say i am deeply saddened by the lost of this game.  Really enjoyed the game before they started messing with the starbases and such. I just wished they introduced these changes as GC4 or something. Seems i may be installing GC2 as my only recourse for a fix. Still it's not the same. But thanks for the suggestions below..and again i hope those that enjoy the game find these changes to their liking - their just not for me..my only comment of Cursades is, ""gee, you get to train individuals now - what the hell.."" ...bye...*OLD COMMENT*First of all let me state that i am not giving this new update a chance. I hate it from it's first apperance. More boxes to fill the screen - not cool. Game mechanics that i like gone or moved. I like the idea of picking wealth/reasearch/man. on the planets! Unless it is moved i can't seem to find it. I wish one could opt. out of these updates..I used to enjoy this game but they are making it harder and harder to get any enjoyment out of it..in fact, sadly,  this one is now going to be unistalled..and this disappoints me. Let us make the call on when and if we get an update. I liked the game the way it was 2 updates ago. I am so happy for the game designers..they manage to give us a game that they want to play..notice i said ""they"". For those you who wished for  and enjoy this update, grats i am happy for you. But leave us guys who liked it the way it was alone!Oh and thanks for making my long playing games unplayable!!!!I am only hoping steam can remove it from my list completely...even through i purchased it, i am so disappointed i care not to see it even in my list."
,Not Recommended,226860,13268942,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,BMK3000,only one minor update in 5 months there beta is a joke most betas do updates at least once a month if not once a week and its still only half a game
76561197970419727,Recommended,226860,11704902,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Stonedog,"So far I would give this game a 90%I cant wait until I can crank open a Huge galaxy map, with all its glory.It looks to be an improvement over Gal Civ II  ;-)"
76561198014965381,Not Recommended,226860,35186826,Posted: 24 September,all,leekelson,"Black screen since update, doesnt play anymore"
76561198007429976,Not Recommended,226860,15837065,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,RogueDeus,"Simply put: Do yourself a favor and wait for an expansion or the next half dozen content updates and hope they deepen this puddle of a game. (Or a steep discount in 6+ months) This game's not worth $50....Put more verbosely: The game suffers from over ambitious, but ultimately cosmetic, complexity that only exacerbates the drag♥♥♥♥♥of its most previous name sake rather than improves upon it.The graphics are great, the maps are massive, and the New Game creation options are copious. BUT the *cough* GAME PLAY is stale, slow, and about as deep as a baby tub, dressed up as an Olympic sized swimming pool....Put into a rant: After the travesty that was 'Elemental' and all its many re-brandings, I was hoping this would redeem Stardock... I was mistaken. (and deeply disappointed) I don't know what's broken but 'Sins' was their last GOOD game.I will not be purchasing (let alone pre-ordering or early accessing) another Stardock title.Color me jaded."
76561198042715298,Not Recommended,226860,32975704,Posted: 28 June,all,highermakoto,What can I say about this game?Spend 2 days building constructorsUse constructors to build starbasesEnemy declares warEnemy destroys all your starbasesUninstall game
76561198019876067,Not Recommended,226860,14671171,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,KyleStar,"I was so excited for this game. When I first started, everything looks fantastic!I have given this game another chance, and there have been some improvements. It's kinda strange but one of my biggest complaints about the game at this point is the limited zoom capabilities. I don't know why they have limited it so much to the point I can't zoom out far enough to even see a selected ship and instruct it on where to go without having to scroll. I also hate not being able to zoom in and move around in the battle view. It is 2015 and battles still consist of a fixed video??? Please add some depth and strategy to the battles. The ships don't use any strategy at all. regardless of range advantages or speed advantages. Instead of sending missile ships to the front they should stay in the back while the lower range weapon ships go to the front line. One on one missile vs other weapon type(Beam/Kinetic) should be able to outrun if they have a speed advantage and fire missiles without ever taking damage.This game has major glitches. From icons simply disappearing to whole menus becoming inoperable. every game I have played sometime after turn 100 it starts and gets worse turn by turn till the game just shuts down. I'm working with customer support about it without resolution at this time.A deeply saddened fan of the franchize."
76561198054787279,Not Recommended,226860,14055863,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,orwa-kh,the previous version was a lot better.the new graphics and game are boring
76561198244974834,Recommended,226860,23060086,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Leto,10 of 10.I recommend it for everyone who looks for real strategic game.
76561198075150777,Not Recommended,226860,33574057,Posted: 15 July,all,Malcolm_Xmas,"crusader is unplayable, avoid, so many bugs"
,Not Recommended,226860,28321680,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Major Flamboyant Douche Canoe,Stellaris is better
,Not Recommended,226860,16030459,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,easyfrag,"In comparison to Endless Space, this game is shallow and boring.Some features are fun and the possible sizes of galaxies are really astonishing, but all in all I feel like I wasted my money. Sad."
76561198094544867,Recommended,226860,23009573,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,robwurm,i would like a retreat/withdraw option in the ship combat sequence.
76561198093389488,Not Recommended,226860,35380793,Posted: 1 October,all,Mikael,New update is not good.
76561198034796217,Not Recommended,226860,12879486,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Old Man,"Galcactic Civ III is for sure not in beta yet and what is there?  Well  looks more like a cut down demo ver.  of GC II really?Don't be pulled in as I was, not much works for a beta. Let hope this changes soon :("
,Not Recommended,226860,25846583,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Rhaegor,No
76561198138979921,Not Recommended,226860,31928723,Posted: 23 May,all,Booty Jello,Absolutely Terrible.You will get more pleasure out of lighting the money spent on this game on fire
76561197972512230,Not Recommended,226860,33001861,Posted: 29 June,all,[LYN] cham3lion,Game wont start.tried all method posted by dev.is a broken game for me...
,Not Recommended,226860,14679224,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,hirmic,Stardock is brazen to sell the game in this state. Many features are missing and the game still needs A LOT of work. Stardock is exploiting the enthusiam of the gamers.
76561198002885658,Not Recommended,226860,15842250,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,LarkMisle,"Usually I love a good 4X. But this one, the learning curve seems huge, with no real in game tips apart from the tutorial.Plus, the huge blackness of space is rather boring to stare at.Way overpriced to.I'd get a refund if I could."
76561197974007716,Not Recommended,226860,34597493,Posted: 29 August,all,foss,Boring
76561198066601287,Not Recommended,226860,22417278,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,drink_surge,"Horrible, do not buy this game."
76561197998549479,Recommended,226860,11736343,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,mxwind70,"I think its great what you have done so far , keep up the changes its an incredible game. Game crashed a couple times but no biggy Im sure it will be better. thanx team."
,Not Recommended,226860,29534384,Posted: 27 January,all,D3ATHCOM5,"Not really worth it unless you've played it before. Tutorial is crap and doesn't really teach you a thing. Building ships suck because everything has a ""mass"" lmit. When in space it would not matter you ships mass, and big ships like frigates would never land on planets. So that would defeat the purpose of having a mass limit. I'm still going to play the game, but it's not really my style of space sim. It's to... how do I put it? There is nothing I can really think of. It just feels unrealistic and bland. I hope it gets better. But it's a good game, and I enjoy the aspects of it."
76561198007146654,Not Recommended,226860,28349098,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,MadVlad,"WHO the hell do you think you are that you can restrict how i chouse to play the game i paid for by not allowing me to create larger maps due to the size of my phisical memory. GET BENT you♥♥♥♥♥hats. its my damn game and its my damn computer, if i want to play a slow♥♥♥♥♥game on an insane map thats MY F**KING game to do so with!"
76561198064941323,Not Recommended,226860,33122535,Posted: 2 July,all,PurpleChest,Shoddy development means it doesnt run on some systems exceeding stated requirements.Avoid.
,Not Recommended,226860,13820089,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,[LLJK]Kotaru,................FATAL EXECPTION HAS OCCURED.......
76561198187533263,Not Recommended,226860,22985945,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,GovaNova,"The latest update for Gal Civ III  is ABSOLUTLEY CRAP, it crashes to desktop every 2 or 3 turns. with no recovery.  Looks like a massive memory leak with error handling terminating the programme.  If you can't fix I'm done with this now pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198045615122,Not Recommended,226860,14677428,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,davidmhead,Absolute rubbish and a complete waste of money.
,Not Recommended,226860,14698648,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,DeFrost R2S,complete♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198076105527,Not Recommended,226860,29568133,Posted: 29 January,all,KTM | NarcisusBrutus,terrible game. Dont recommend
,Recommended,226860,29554896,Posted: 28 January,all,Slahey,better then 2.
76561198068859407,Not Recommended,226860,29573519,Posted: 29 January,all,fuck off you cunts,There are some horrible mechanics in this game - the stupid logistics defy belief - you can twenty ships on the same square but only a few of them will form a fleet... the AI can come along with a much smaller fleet and pick off groups at a time... what a joke.Add to that maximum range caps and you can encounter the same issue that I have - I want to attack a system but the range cap is 1 square short... doesn't stop the AI skirting round to hit you...Seriously these are the mechanics of a pendantic bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you are going to sacrifice playability for pedantry try advertising more clearly that this is a useless bunch of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198250074642,Not Recommended,226860,23819049,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,yarnel,"Played X Rebirth and nearly lost it but finally worked it out. This ""game"" is a joke."
76561197970989600,Not Recommended,226860,29568800,Posted: 29 January,all,N8,Boring.
76561198012382212,Not Recommended,226860,23124690,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,tetroxide,"Super slow paced, infrequent planets, too many ship designs and technologies. Not to my liking."
,Not Recommended,226860,12757264,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,erifod,"Meh - simply GC2.1.  Skip it, save your money, play GC2 instead."
,Not Recommended,226860,34940032,Posted: 13 September,all,RennOpp**,Was fine til they uodated the game from playing for hours to uninstalling it from steam I guess ill just have to stay away from stardock games what a waste of $$ and time
76561198317680026,Not Recommended,226860,25121738,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Neko_lix,Very Embarassed I spent 80$ for 2 unplayable copys of this game. I have been a stardock fan antil now. this is the worst rotten tomaoto I have ever seen hit steam along side it had decent reviews on youtube people had posted I think those reviews are fake and paid for now. games completely unplayable Ive had it for longer then 2 weeks played very little due to crashes every 5-10 turns most people cant play muitiplayer at all. I have played and hour or 2 of this game and I have a brand new pc. I can do VR so handling this game specs should not be a problem. just the devolopers of this game shady about game reviews. I played galactic civ 2 it was good but this is garbage Dont buy this game save your money.
76561197990312278,Recommended,226860,19893286,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sapper,Great Game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BUY IT CUZ I SAY SO!!! IF YOU DONT BUY AND PLAY THIS GAME....THE GODS SHAME YOU.
76561197968470997,Not Recommended,226860,15835568,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,info,"forced ""diversity"" messages and tokenism ruined this game for me"
76561197988398061,Not Recommended,226860,18188432,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,KindOfACreep,WTF Crashes every 2 mins ♥♥♥♥ing bullllllllllllshit
76561198007206957,Not Recommended,226860,32677307,Posted: 23 June,all,QuaidAylish,Get stuck on 'wait' the beta opt-in doesn't fix it. A waste of money.
76561198063129820,Not Recommended,226860,23143656,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,csouthworth,Blows chunks
76561198014590513,Not Recommended,226860,32653134,Posted: 22 June,all,Xzandius,"Spent over an hour trying to get the game to run but no luck. Crashes at launch.  I have jumped through every hoop they said would fix he issues. Still not working, will be requesting a refund....let ya know how that goes!"
76561198007282251,Recommended,226860,18193334,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Will,its like... so super good... for cereals...
76561198089547003,Not Recommended,226860,13285685,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Josywan,its just bad i understand its beta but this one is terrible first off wanna research cool space weapons and fight? you can but theres nothing but the loser leaving the screen the tech tree is awful ill explained and half written theres no tutorial for newbies and out of all the things you can build or research theres not a detailed description on anything overall had higher hopes for a game which started out at $100.00 but i got it for 40 and still feel extremely ripped off DONT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS IT DROPS BELOW $15 BECAUSE THATS ABOUT WHAT ITS WORTH
76561198031379879,Not Recommended,226860,23099900,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,emil.zagar,Ruined game.
76561198138136588,Not Recommended,226860,15838008,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,pamartinezjr,"This is garbage , is Civilization in the space in dont like it , do not recommend it , dont buy this game ."
,Not Recommended,226860,33616216,Posted: 17 July,all,dostillevi,Less than 5 minutes into the game I see a spelling error...
,Not Recommended,226860,18187507,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,johan.vankerckhoven,"Pros:- No clue if there are any. As for why, see cons.Cons:- Small problem during installation.- Game quits to desktop 5 second in the loading screen. Lengthy fix on Stardock support website did not work.Score: -10/10 (yes, MINUS 10). If Stardock gets the game to work out of the box I might reconsider this rating."
76561197992342107,Recommended,226860,18260893,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Muffi,I LIKE R4PEING LITTLE RUSSIAN GIRLS IN THE A$$HOLE! USA USA USA USA
,Not Recommended,226860,32330809,Posted: 10 June,all,Prime,"Programmed by ♥♥♥♥ing lemmings who can't even run a steam verification properly.Game doesn't run at all on a 4790k and a Nvidia Geforce 1070.Failure. Full ♥♥♥♥ing failure on their part.There is no solution I've found, due to their inability to properly access and write files.Even if I manually clear the file paths, its unable to install its 'missing files'.Which leaves me no choice but to completely reinstall the game to get it to work.And we have data caps, those are a thing.So ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ this company and I highly recommend you do not waste money on Stardock.If they can't take their balls out of their purse long enough to make sure it runs after a verification, let alone a fresh installation, they aren't deserving of ♥♥♥♥ of ALL.EDIT - The♥♥♥♥♥♥♥also delete any complaints you post on the forums, out of fear that people browsing said forums will see them and damage the salability of their low quality project. This is a turn based game, you have no excuse for this type of behavior. Get the ♥♥♥♥ out. Literally get out of my country and never come back, don't do business here again ever, you immoral pathetic selfish lackluster wandering shitrats."
76561198005738848,Recommended,226860,9682745,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Big bad forde,"So far the game looks promising but most of the features are not in yet. So its not that good atm plus very laggy at times.Some of the missing features include ship designing, combat, actual planet invasion rather then jsut a aftermath report, aand most of the factions are to and the campaign. So its hard to come up with the any critisims. so far other then game incomplete but i like the new interface and the visuals so far.If galactic civ 3 improves upon what made the second in the series great this game will be great in my opinion"
76561198004350973,Not Recommended,226860,20161762,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,lemmy1686,The balance is god awful. The design is god awful. The UI is god awful. Just about every thing in this game is god awful.
76561198020535951,Recommended,226860,9679221,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,richardsfamily,"Early Alpha release - yes, but what it does allow is pretty polished.  I bought it, am enjoying playing it so far, and look forward to future releases (all of which, including future add-ons are included in this price)Beyond all that, I am fine with paying a premium to support the development of a game whose legacy I have enjoyed for years.Lawrence"
76561198007630813,Not Recommended,226860,35116407,Posted: 21 September,all,Stitch,"Extremely steep learning curve, ineffective tutorial and unrelatable concepts. Similar to Civ Beyond Earth in this regard. Just really hard to get sucked in enough to keep playing."
,Not Recommended,226860,13915656,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,oddjob7128,JUNK
76561198014595010,Recommended,226860,9647388,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Lux et veritas,It's still Alpha but I am very excited about this game. So far I am impressed. Hopefully I dont have to wait long for the final version.
,Recommended,226860,19869938,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dera,It's a game.
76561198040156068,Not Recommended,226860,32687690,Posted: 23 June,all,morbidmistake,keep in mind iv only played 4 hours in a tutorialand with that being said i still have NO IDEA what the hell is going on or what to do or how to do it and that alone is pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up im going to update this and play some more when i get a chance but as of this moment super not impressedmy only update is that this game i find pretty utterly boring and spawnie likes lil bois
76561198007663187,Not Recommended,226860,12253708,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Za,Anyone know if i can get my money back?
76561198012872922,Not Recommended,226860,23087445,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,jerebear,way better space strategy games
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,226860,30360769,Posted: 6 March,all,Dustin,Nothing interesting at all to see here with all three of these piece of sh*t game.2/10
76561198145811127,Not Recommended,226860,29530086,Posted: 27 January,all,Dead Cell,What a boring game.
76561198110963146,Not Recommended,226860,29529704,Posted: 27 January,all,murlynd,horrible game  can't control space battles?  stupid.  Weak weak weak.  Should have just made an IOS app and screwed me that way
,Not Recommended,226860,20233379,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Nifty Kook,
76561198034369896,Not Recommended,226860,11714548,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Minho A7,lets write down what i really think of this game.the game does not feel logical. i am completely new to the civilizations genre so that does not help either.i tried to do a few things but nothing apearant happend. the game really needs a tutorial or atleast a guide.
,Not Recommended,226860,11706990,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,xiongxong,its not worth it!!! i love the first one but playing this is more or less like the old one so it isnt a must buy
76561198151273189,Not Recommended,226860,35114828,Posted: 21 September,all,steve.marte,"This has to be one of the worst games I've ever played.  Don't even know where to begin.  Out-dated graphics.  Boring, repetitive game play.  Unintuitive ship construction.  I honestly can't think of anything positive to say about this game.  Oh yeah, I bought it on sale, but at any price it was a complete waste of money.   The fact that over 5,000 people have left reviews and obviously bought this game is an utter mystery to me."
76561197969111272,Not Recommended,226860,33349761,Posted: 7 July,all,Chatzeviechli,"When this was released I bought it in a hurry under the assumption it was related to the ""Sid Meier’s Civilization"" -series. Yes, pretty stupid I know.After playing for about an hour I remember why I didn't like turn-based games at all, especially boring ones.Of course I am not eligible for a refund anymore :("
76561198119800136,Recommended,226860,24037171,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Freddo Spurdo,i dont even remember playing this game lmao
76561197994213532,Not Recommended,226860,16032896,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Suasponte,"Toxic League of Legends chat appears to be their customer service guideline. Customers bring up valid concerns on their site and they get banned, threatened, bullied, and harassed by the Stardock employees and their hanger-ons.Disappointingly short campaign, crashes galore, dumb AI, several annoying bugs. Feels like an unfinished product. Stardock used to be a good company. They have gone downhill."
76561198027792901,Not Recommended,226860,12606815,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Daveymcman,"As a long term GC2 player who goes back year after year to play GC2, I thought I just had to get this game. Well I didn't and I dont like it, I dont like it one bit. If you want to be a beta tester then sure, get this game. If you think you are getting a game like GC2 only better - WAIT.  It might get better it might not. Civ5 NEVER got better, purchased and played about 5 times. HATED IT, and now I go back and play older version of Civ.  And I can see GC3 going the same way.  Why didn't they just do a GC2 EE.  I love Baldurs Gate EE.  There is not a game released in the last 10 years which comes close to being as good as Baldurs. Now I to wait another 5 years till someone comes up with a decent game - Bugger!OK - have to update this  DO NOT BUY GC3 UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. It has a huge bug which makes the game worthless. Every game I have played of GC3 the UN votes to stop expansion. You cannot colonize any more planets ANYWHERE.WHAT is the point of any Civ game where you are prohibited from expanding. I get about 4 or 5 planets and then it is literally GAME OVER.And to think I paid for this game - jokes on me!"
,Not Recommended,226860,32646674,Posted: 22 June,all,Bonjour,its bad :(
76561198001194174,Recommended,226860,30462569,Posted: 11 March,all,Balgore,"For the price tag, this is totally worth it.  Anyone with a negative review and dozens and dozens of hours played, ask yourself is $30 really not worth all those hours of fun?  I've barely scratched the surface and I definitely have gotten my money's worth.  My initial impressions were ""meh, it's okay"".  Then as I played more and more, and really started getting into the mid-game of my first campaign, the depth revealed itself.  Now I consider this a nearly epic game.It is crazy complex, from diplomacy, trading interactions, technology paths and choices (very impactful), challenge, to combat... Which you cannot directly control, but you very much have control over it by designing your ships to counter your opponents through armour and weapon selections, and customization.The more I play, the more fun it becomes and more addicting it is.  The depth is revealed.  I am a long-time civilization builder player, from the Civ series, to Master of Orion III, to Heroes of might and magic (all of them), to EUIV (completed a full iron campaign), to all Total war games.  This game might not be as epic as some of the games I've mentioned, but it is still really good, especially at this price point, and it is unique enough that it sets itself apart from other games in this genre."
76561198056587905,Recommended,226860,21352512,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,nocturnal.absence,"It is a fun game, but it can take a long time to get through a game. It also can get boring and repetitive. But overall once the game gets going it's fun. 3.5/5"
76561198064741279,Recommended,226860,21387130,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,mzirad,Same old same old Moo3 type game
76561198044054600,Recommended,226860,21387923,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,thecowleyfamily,great game
76561198020568772,Recommended,226860,21389121,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,slysigh,"I do recommend this game do many of the peeps that I know, my favorite style of game are turn based stratgy.  I enjoy this game due to its expansive tech and ship options.  I don't have much to say bad about it, other then maybe that the next one hasen't came out yet, :)"
76561197999591124,Recommended,226860,21411324,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Special Kate,Its a bit buggy but other than that a good game
76561197994613420,Not Recommended,226860,21409641,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,kurozero,"64-bit native support is great, allows for some insanely huge and long games.Gameplay is painfully dated. Insane amount of micro especially at end game, numerous bugs and crashes, performance issues on immense size maps. Its GalCivII but bigger, and not necessarily better due to it."
,Recommended,226860,21365929,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,zepmaster,this is a great game
76561197978246593,Not Recommended,226860,18421081,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Thachicken,"Okay, so here is why I have a bug up my♥♥♥♥♥for this game now. I have played it several times and it does have that weak to super strong problem. Early game it is really difficult but as the game develops, it becomes easier and easier. So after so many turns (depending on galazy size and difficulty), it just becomes a game about jumping through hoops. I tend to lose interest when I reach the point of way to powerful. Then I just quit cause I have already won and I don't feel like spending a couple more hours just clearing planets or whatever. This game lacks end game challenge which is what makes 4x games a bit more interesting.Now let us go through all my concerns. Firstly, the race construction screen is weak. Most of the options are terrible and the ones that are good really don't give you much variation. I won't go in to great detail but I feel that games that are 10 years older provide 10 times better options.Skipping ahead to the galaxy construction options. They don't work properly. Picking different galaxy types and different galaxy size tend to just be terrible. You get the right size but if you pick a spiral with abundant systems, it is the same as all the other options because it doesn't work properly. Picking no pirates doesn't mean there won't be pirates, it just means you selected no pirates and then pirates can still just show up through an event, so in other words no pirates means there may be pirates. . .loads of pirates. . .large pirate fleets. . .entire systems full of pirates. . .when you wanted none. In my last game I selected no pirates and my scout ship ran in to a fleet of 5 pirate ships after around 50 turns of exploring on auto with strange pathing (yes, that is also a thing). Then it died because it was on auto so it simply flew right next to the pirates without a care in the world and got attacked and destroyed by the pirates. Cause the AI likes to do that with all your scout ships that go on auto. Like saying to hell with you for not controlling every single aspect of the game yourself so you don't really want this.Now then. The options for creating the game doesn't just fail at pirates but some things are not clear.For example, wormholes. You select no wormholes, they will still apear as anomolies and send your ships across the map. So the option isn't designed for that, it means the resources that appear next to wormholes, so saying no wormholes just removes a type of resource.Many of the options either don't work or don't work as you would expect.Then the game mechanics themselves seem a bit broken. They are all working with modifiers which seem to change on their own for no apparent reason. You see this in your worlds all the time. A world designed for production can have more research than a world for research with no apparent cause.When you add more mass to a ship, it doesn't mean it will be filled with anything good. Usually it just gets a new life support system for range so you need to create your own ships. . .always. . .like every single research. . .so every few turns. . . Most of the researches by the way are worthless and others have tricks to get them when you shouldn't be able to. For example you can get multiple specializations so long as you trade for them at the right time. For example if you are playing with 2 friends, you could potentially have all 3 specializations to each tech. So it is a bit buggy as well and has more loopholes than the American tax system.Yeah, not really much else to say. Game needs fixing and instead, they decided to release a DLC package. Shows where the priorities are."
76561197972802479,Recommended,226860,21366958,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,[SWITCH]GorosXavier,"Very interesing game. I love the exploration it has, it gives the same feel as in the boardgame Twilight Imperium. Sadly though the lack of a system for taking simultanious turns in multiplayer makes this game extremely time consuming for multi player and nearly impossible to play in multiplayer. Though i love the singeplayer stuff that is in there!"
76561197992974915,Not Recommended,226860,20497226,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DelicatoBollar,"Having enjoyed GalCiv II, I pre-ordered the Collector's edition of this game. I'm sad to say I cannot recommend this game to anyone, as it crashes to desktop every 10 minutes.From the number of DLC available, Stardock seems to think that churning out DLC is more important than anything else. But besides the graphics rehaul, I can't really tell any substantial improvements over GalCiv II. The 64-bit executable has not made turns any faster on large maps, and metaverse statistics clearly reveal this since it shows most games are played on small maps.Honestly Stardock doesn't deserve your money, so look elsewhere for 4X. If you must have GalCiv, I would recommend GalCiv II over this since it's stable and has more or less the same content."
76561198100642782,Recommended,226860,21382327,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,xSHAKEx,You will probably lose a few days of your life to this game :)
76561197971809011,Recommended,226860,21382596,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Bubbles  DeVere,I'm a great fan of 4X games and sci-fi games in general.  This one fits both bills :)
76561198021615611,Not Recommended,226860,21400798,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,trbauer,Not as good as the last two. The user interface is more difficult to use and understand and the gameplay is confusing.
,Recommended,226860,21403694,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Azsael,"Like space civilizations... oh wow it's even in the name...good game, its like the II version but betters!"
76561198124104352,Recommended,226860,21377661,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,TolvoshBane,The best parts off Civilization combined with the best parts of end stage Spore in one game.  Totally awesome!
76561198059671336,Recommended,226860,21396139,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,carnalvore,So far it is a good XXXX space game.  I do wish there was a better guide/manual than I have found so far.
76561198031939742,Recommended,226860,21415167,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,angelfire,"This is an awesome game, but it has a lot of bugs or issues that I've found. Multiplayer is a joke, gave that up and single player has some issues to a much lesser degree.I would however still recommend this game"
76561198152231843,Recommended,226860,21357117,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,anchoragescott,I love this game.  Large range of maps to choose from.  AI are actually good at playing so matches don't feel boring.  This game is a must have for 4X gamers.
76561198011781155,Recommended,226860,21442342,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,GeezerGuy,"I've played all three GalCiv games and actually prefer #3.  Nice graphics, smooth interface, variety of speices to play and huge tech tree make for a game with great replay value."
76561198030940757,Recommended,226860,21397735,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,tiims,"Can't beat the tutorial.  I've beaten a lot of strategy games (on normal/hard mode).  I'm not a dummy AFAIK.  But after 4 tries and 2 out of date guides (on the TUTORIAL mind you), forget it.  Regret buying it.  Regret, even more, spending time on it.I played Galactic Civilizations 2 and loved it.  In the third installment, I don't know what I'm missing, but the tutorial doesn't cover it.Update: beat the tutorial, the regular game was easier than the tutorial."
76561197999089795,Not Recommended,226860,17436743,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Alucard,"Game would cause a bug to where I would freeze sometimes on my turn and wouldn't let me save setting me back ( yes, I do save frequently). Tutorial did not help with advanced user interaces for example; commerce, trading, military starbases, population, food, how your skill tree effected your captial and or fleet. Serious learning curve. Also couldn't enjoy the game with all the trial and error.Remember this was my ""opinion""."
76561197972768126,Recommended,226860,16108880,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,GUsurg,nothing new here.  Game is strategic only without much of a story.  Ship design but no tactical combat.  I am just plain disappointed.120 hours later.  I am hooked.  The game is like knitting.  Listen to relaxed music capture new planets.  Nice interface.  Just wish the AI would attack with better fleets.
76561198024002250,Recommended,226860,17787280,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,nathanial.hartman,Pretty addictive. The AI seems a little weaker than GalCiv II Dread Lords.
,Not Recommended,226860,17606285,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,WrxJuan,"Enjoyable game with in-depth gameplay but wish it came with a thorough manual about the rules of the game. I still don't fully understand several aspects of the game, the online manual is decent but not great. Most frustrating is the rules about zones of control (ZOC). In the previous game I learned through experience that other civilization can establish a starbase within your ZOC. Learning via experience, trial and error works but it can get frustrating. Nevertheless an enjoyable game with tons of replay value. No bugs to report or other issues.Update: This ambiguity of the rules of the gameplay is getting more and more irritating. I would no longer recommend this game. Too much is left to trial and error. In the last game a starbase was taken over by a FRIENDLY civilization event though they had no ZOC anywhere near it. How the !@#$ did that happen? Playing this game can feel like walking a through a maze in the dark. I want to love the game I really do but !@# this♥♥♥♥♥♥is frustrating."
76561198058453547,Not Recommended,226860,17804677,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,gregtinathiebaut,I liked the other version better for ship building and be able to build Star Trek ship designs . Not this so much. having to have a recourse for everthing is a pain. not sure if i like the verson yet.
,Recommended,226860,17798820,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Communism Bear,So good... so good...
76561198041966817,Not Recommended,226860,17632862,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,[SLG]Doomofthehills,"First off, a bit of a disclaimer, I love the Gal Civ series of games.  I've played all of them for days and days, except for Gal Civ III.  This game is incomplete, and mostly unworthy of its pedigree.There are dozens of missing features like a stealth system, espionage system, more diversification of technology trees, a fully fleshed out diplomacy system, as well as things like superweapons, pirates that aren't trash0, battle control, and AI that doesn't cheat, or just screw around until you get around to killing them.This whole game seems feature incomplete, like it should still be in early access for at least another six months.  All the soul of the past two games is entirely gone in favor of a technically more advanced, but practically stripped title.  Gameplay is leagues more repetitive than past titles, whilst simultaneously being more time-consuming in terms of planet and ship management.In my experience with this and the past two games, Stardock seems to have scooped out all the planned and improved features of the game we were all expecting years ago, and carefully stitched them into packs of $4.99 DLC, on top of the full priced base game."
76561198130761758,Not Recommended,226860,17576674,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,xthurlow,"Sound constantly stops working, even with the 1.2 patch. Never had this issue before with any other game."
76561197960701860,Not Recommended,226860,17825614,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,NinjaFrog,"This game crashes ALL the time. Like, ALL THE TIME. If you don't save every single turn, at the begin and the end, you'll be sorry. I've noticed a bunch of other bugs too. Sometimes your ships vanish off the map and you can only find them on your ship list. You ship list itself is massively clogged for no reason, when it could just display the fleets instead of EVERY SINGLE SHIP. I had some sort of bug where it gave me max points the Ideology tree (I'll take that one, woo). Ship to Ship combat is totally automated and doesn't really seem to matter what you do. You basically just throw your ships at whatever and watch as your guys probably die, unless you hugely outnumber the enemy. The game still performs as if it was an Alpha. Taking 6-7 Gigs of ram, 12-30% of my CPU. I've had it crash my GPU driver a couple times too.  (A different crash that takes the rest of the OS with it unless the driver recovers.)If you can get through all of that, it's a pretty fun game. Not sure on the balance. I made my own Alien races, and that's kinda cool. You can min-max your abilities and racials pretty well. Normal is pretty easy, and I may have to bump up the difficulty to not just tromp all over whomever I care to hate on. If the crashing doesn't put me out."
,Not Recommended,226860,17169955,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ShamusToole,"This is the Galactic Civillizations game I have bought. I must say first impressions I love it, explore, build, expand and conquer if you wish to do so. It's great! I'm still getting use to all the micro management, and learning what everything does but it is a fun experience. HOWEVER...This game is buggy, it likes to crash on its own and does upset the experience I have with this game. It does also freeze sometimes in game and gets stuck waiting for the next turn, I really wish this game was ready before it came out. These are the only reasons why I cannot recommend this game, until the issues are fixed then I will not recommend this game to anyone. Please fix the bugs and issues Stardock....PLEASE!"
,Recommended,226860,16980330,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,BORGBOSS,"--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------After the update, I'm free to assimalate the rest of the galaxy.  Thanks Stardock for another incredible gameOriginal---Released and still has bugs. . .  Doesn't appear to utilize every thread of my cpu.. .. .. On the insane map size it freezes after about 400 turns and there is no way to continue.  . .. I thought it was 64 bit, and I have 16GB ram so that shouldn't be an issue.  Intel Core i4 4790k. Nividia GTX 970, and my drivers are up to date...  so where is the issue??"
76561198023637837,Recommended,226860,17066944,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Sola Vi Ryuvia,Great game well worth the money! Thanks to the steamworkshop much more content was added. This game is very good and puts up a great graphics and storyline. I very very very much recomend this game if you enjoyed the other Galatic Civilizations or Endless Space!
,Recommended,226860,11708391,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Sowilo,Great Game Tons of Fun. Really works great now.
76561198056847871,Recommended,226860,15866083,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Satan,"I love this game, it is quite a bit of fun.  Check out my profile pictures if you want to see something from Mass Effect, buwahhahahahah.  Besides that, there is quite a bit to do.  I personally prefer to conquer all, and on some of the bigger maps that can take days, real days, perhaps longer if the AI is turned up more.  It took me about 6 hours of constant war to win one of the bigger maps, and I shutter to think of what Insane would be like, shudder in terror, I might never see the end of that match.  If you want to see the Reapers, look at my pictures, you can custom create your ships, and of course empire.  I went as a synthetic empire, with the bonuses made for how I wanted to play, which of course was to cleanse the vermin from the galaxy.  I recommend this game, it is worth it.  If you have played Civ V, or Sword of the Stars 2, then you will love it.EDIT:After playing for quite a bit more, I learned some of the flaws, and more of the benefits of the game.  Obviously, as has been said by many, the AI is a little silly, that 11th place in power, out of 11, minor race will attempt to threaten you, despite you being the strongest power in the game.  However, the game has many strong points, and the customizability of the game is a strong one on its own.  Never fear, the Game Developers will fix the issues.EDIT 2:The game is still very enjoyable, and I would recommend it to anyone that loves strategy games, and especially those that liked the spore style of gameplay, where you get to customize your characters and send them forth.  The ship customization takes a bit of getting used to, but as I have said before you are able to create whatever your dreams lead you to.  The way points are invested, and the fact that you can quickly and easily upgrade and change, or even create new paths for current ships, and more importantly their designs.  Using my reapers as the example, some were made for long range, while others were much, much stronger, but had a shorter range.  I was able to create ships that would ferry troops to invade worlds, and being a cybernetic race, could easily replicate my populace at every new planet and continue the invasion.  As time goes on, and your research continues to develop, your weapons and ships can become stronger.  Since all of my ships would be consumed after invading a planet (one ship per planet), this may seem like a downside.  However, with the extremely high cost of upgrading ships, I determined that it was cheaper and more efficient to instead just reproduce a new ship altogether.  The fact that they were being consumed meant that I could send out my ""reaper mk. 1""s, which would wipe out a weak faction, and then be destroyed in the end as a result of taking over all of the planets, and then I could upgrade for free and produce ""reaper mk. 2""s, and since all my research regarding ships inevitably led to me reducing mass, or increase ability to hold more mass, I could put way more things on my ships.  There are some flaws to the game, however I believe, EVEN IF they are never fixed, none of them are significant enough to detract from this game's value.  I do say, this game is not to be played 24/7 and for you to expect to never get bored, however I will state that the game is definitely worth the cost, and I have not regretted spending a single dime on the game.  I do recommend that you spend time on the game, create your own factions, upload your own images.  (I created both the Geth, and the Reapers in game, and set them to destroy eachother)My review is still a 9.5/10"
76561198023784371,Not Recommended,226860,17436871,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,josh_fleming41,"I like the game, I try playing it but it crashes a lot. If i'd known it was going to do it so much I would not have prepaid for it. Once the problem is fixed it will be a good game"
76561198188909109,Not Recommended,226860,17406560,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,bradfoster89,game keeps crashimg on the 300 turn or so on immense galaxy.............. other than losing hundreds of hours of gameplay its great lol
76561198007283050,Not Recommended,226860,15882351,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Kalanar,"I am disappointed. I think they will make this a great game with 2-3 DLCs. Right now, get your Space Emperor fix elsewhere.You will sink many enjoyable hours into this game as it is, but you will be left hungry for more and unsatisfied. There is a lack of polish and some common sence features missing, like being able to tell the AI to ""get the heck outta my territory or else,"" for instance... It is pleasant to look at and there are some great ideas in it, just poorly executed ATM. There are so many choices the player can make, that it makes choices meaningless. The battle view is a joke. I'm sorry to say - it looks really bad.You'll want to wait until late 2016 and take a peak if they've release some major DLCs before picking this up. In the meantine I would recommend Endless Space, the final version of it is polished and immersive."
76561198007108309,Not Recommended,226860,17593961,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ramadawn,"This game is SO tedious to play. Too many piontless elements like clicking through each of your stations to order new constructors EVERYTIME a new module is available. The AI sucks and even when it has a HUGE advantage, it fails to really be anything of a challenge. Game elements like cultural conversion are simply not working. I developed an ideology to caused alien stations to convert when in my terratory. Yet none ever did.Diplomacy is broken. Make peace and be left in the dark as to how long it it till you can fight again. Make a trade, and be left unable able to make anymore deals till an invisible timer runs out. When at peace the AI just wanders around and BUILDS stations/colonies inside your terratory like it owns it.My advise save your 50$"
76561197993702210,Not Recommended,226860,17594708,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,mctom1985,"I generally don't write reviews but this game is hands-down the most disappointing purchase of my gaming career.Constant bugs, almost no content in the base game and DLC after DLC this soon after release.Please do not buy this game, just don't!"
,Not Recommended,226860,17446166,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Mystic5hadow,"This is Galciv 1.5.Almost all of the content that was added to GC2 over the years through expansions is gone. They've essentially started from scratch but with better graphics and are already trying to gouge players for more cash via DLC that should be added to the base game for free.As is, GC3 is a snoozefest. The AI are borderline braindead and the only way to increase difficulty is to provide extreme handicaps, rather than just smarter AI. Even then it is still boring and rapidly turns into micromanagement hell with nothing else to do. The AI do not engage in diplomacy. They don't believe in proper fleets. There is no politcal parties or espionage.The one redeeming quality is the ship editor, but they've managed to mess even that up by not making it available from the main menu so you can prebuild your ships. You have to play through a match and unlock ship size techs instead. Not a big deal, but very narrowminded. Some people like to just make different ship designs.Do not buy this game as it is, you will regret it. Buy Galciv 2 or Endless Space instead. Maybe in a few years when they release multiple expansions and DLC for this game to actually add content, you can pick it up for a few bucks and it might be as fun or involved as GC2 is. Maybe not. Either way, save yourself some cash and buy something else, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,226860,18396015,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Lord Whirlin,"I'm usually not a GIANT fan of Civilizations games... but I've enjoyed Galactic Civilizations 3 thus far.  Here's a breakdown of high points, and low pointsThe Good:-Well Paced game... Definitely feels like exploring a universe.-Lots of potential build paths to take, each of which grants seeming benefits-Integration of Culture, governance styles, adjusting production, trading, lots of different mechanics to play with.-Ship builder allows a lot of customization options.-Active development... Many negative reviews state that Stardock released an unfinished product... and I'd argue that it's not unfinished, but it is a little rough around the edges at times.The Bad:-Incredibly RAM heavy... My CPU was built back in 2010 or so, and only has 6g of RAM.  I can't run on a map size anymore than a medium map, otherwise my RAM and SWAP usage max out and crash.-Ship Builder allows for some incredibly exploitive options... Build a SUPER TINY, FAST builder ship that costs nothing rather than the default starbase builders.  Or build a ship with a Beam weapons and stacked missle defense when fighting an enemy that uses a fleet of all missle attackers and kinetic defended ships.-Sometimes CPU are SUPER POWERFUL for no apparent reason.  It's not uncommon that I've found myself in a game, finally reach a neighbor, and his power is like, 10x mine.  Just 'cause.Overall though, I do recommend this game... Maybe not at the full list price, but definitely one to watch to see if it ever goes on sale to grab it.  I've definitely gotten my money's worth out of the game thus far, and look forward to building a sick rig to be able to handle massive maps in the near future."
,Recommended,226860,18417312,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,thegoresucker300,"Great, fun, creative game with lots of potential."
76561198012598892,Recommended,226860,18420443,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Rraider,Great game reminds me of all the old Master of Orion days. Highly recommend it.
76561197974695425,Recommended,226860,18420476,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,almunson,I am enjoying Gal Civ 3.  I really like the ship designer and Diplomacy is quite good.  My only complaint is I wish that space combat was on a grid so that the player can get involved in the combat.
76561198006779720,Recommended,226860,18420605,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,jetrazor,"It's fun, simply put."
76561198013084406,Recommended,226860,18401045,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,statesidevirus,I love thgis game . I played the others and likee them too. abit of a learning curve but very enjoyable!!!!!!!
76561198080684784,Recommended,226860,18413844,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ZeroDarkThirty,Best Game in this beloved series yet. Period.
76561198021609697,Recommended,226860,18423512,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Geokhan,"I have enjoyed playing Galactic Civilizations III.The things that I have found most positive are:1. The ability to create custom races to meet  individual play styles2. Choice of victory and map settings3. The modding community,  that have put togeather over 4800 custom ships and races.The things that I have found lest positive are:1. tasks can become very repetitive on larger maps2. would like to see more interaction on planet invasions3. not being able to zoom out futher on the battle viewI found the game very fluid to play and would recomend this games to friends."
,Recommended,226860,18350027,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,orr_paul,"Overall, a fun game.  There are some mechanics that I found obscure.  For example, I believed that cultural improvements on starbases were a source of culture, not a bonus to a planet.  Also, when status effects occured, there was no way to determine where they did."
,Recommended,226860,18351047,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,220hertz,I don't know why people have a problem with it. Patches and DLC are going to make this something very special. It's worth picking up.
76561198018725954,Recommended,226860,18350168,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,jvanlaethem,Highly recomended if you like strategy games like civilization. Best to start at easy levels to learn all variables and increase the difficulty. Very addictive once you learn the gameplay.
76561198048808701,Not Recommended,226860,18343300,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Majome,"Singleplaer average, multiplayer a mess.The singleplayer mode has some good ideas, like the tile system where neighbouring buildings increase each other's efficiency or the ship deisgner, but also some rather jarring bugs, like planet seed options that seem to have no effect whatsoever. Some aspects of the game are blatant copies of Master of Orion II or other classic games, like the racial trates, somewhat uninspired but at least they work.But the by far biggest drawback is the multiplayer mode. It simply doesn't work, it crashes while loading old savegames, crashes while autosaving, multiplayer savegame files get unforseeably corrupted, if you want a game to play with some friends then better keep your hands off, you won't get past round 50."
76561198009536914,Recommended,226860,14827444,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,James,great game
76561197989519803,Not Recommended,226860,18331387,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,[RP] Survivor,"This game sucks.  You build, then send ships so incredibly slowly.  After several hours you make it to a planet, attack. Yay you win.  Now only 600 planets.  Don't waste your money. I did.  Learn from me."
76561198060293556,Recommended,226860,18032352,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Achaemenid,"EDIT: Changed the review after playing it more and the 1.32 patch arrived.Let's start of by saying that I like GC III a lot and I have clocked in about 100+ hours and I would recommend it to anyone who likes 4X strategy games but it has it share of negatives which is why I am a bit hesitant to recommend it.The GFX in this game is pretty good for being a 4X game. It has 3D combat and nice galactic view with rendered stars, planets, asteroids and other misc. things which adds depth to your gameplay. However it does have some bad aspects as well. It seems the shading, or whatever is used, to render the planets is not that nice if you zoom in and the ships seem to be quite low polygon. However what is worse is the UI, which is both ugly and annoying, with popups often blocking your view, double clicks not being so responsive and on large maps you can fail to notice an invading fleet as the game does not seem to have any way to highlight that someone has entered your space. Annoying but not gamebreaking so overall I would give the GFX a 7/10.The sound is bit of mixed. The music is well done and often fits the mood of whatever you are doing but the sound effects are pretty bad. The combat sound effects are decent but lacks variety. Basically all lasers sound the same, all missiles look and sound the same and most explosions sound the same. I feel they could have put some more effort into this because even indy games like StarDrive 2 have both better GFX and sound.However the gameplay is where this game shines. The maps can be configured in a lot of ways and can be massive so you can have week-long games going. The AI is steadily being improved and is quite decent but I heard they are still working on it so hopefully it will reach a state where it can be challenging without getting massive bonuses.The combat is quite simplistic and has no tactical element to it, probably because it would be hard to design a competitive AI for it. That is both good and bad I guess, as the AI will not be handicapped by it, but it lacks a lot of the depth that games like StarDrive 2 and MOO 2 had/has. There are basically three damage types and three defensive measures against those damage types and that is more or less it. There are some range differences and you can fit some modules which gives your ships combat-repair but it mostly boils down to who has the biggest fleet and what damage types they deal and defend against.Now this would be all good, would it not for the fact that the AI cannot effectively use it to be competitive. Problem is that the AI does not seem to adapt. So you can basically check which damage types the AI uses and then fit your ship to counter his strengths and weaknesses and even after 50+ turn of war it seems the AI fails to change his setup, even though you destroy their fleets over and over. I have actually been dead last in military strength but managed to win, militarily, against the number one in military strength, simply because I fit my ships to counter his but the AI doesn't.This kind of defeats the whole purpose of not having tactical combat and I sincerely hope it will be addressed in a future patch.Other than that there is a huge amount of depth and replayability in this game. There are resources, which you need to mine and control, something called Ascension crystals, which you can win the game if you collect enough of them, a rich diplomatic system and a way to take over planets through the use of something called influence. However the ground invasion of planets is very barebone and seem to massively favour the attacker so not sure if it even has been balanced yet. It should, at the very least, give you some kind of viewer which the ship combat does instead of just a text summary of the outcome.However the game is still very good and it seems to be actively developed so I would warmly recommend it to any 4X strategy fan."
76561198031282716,Recommended,226860,18347793,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,andersosbourne,"Great fun.  Similar in logic to Civilization V, so if you like that type of gaming you'll love taking it into a new universe.  Lots of opportunity to develop your own ships, etc."
,Recommended,226860,18347807,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,HoneyHam420GlazeIt,"This is a great turn based hex strategy game. It was definitly worth $25 though I'm not sure I would have been as satisfied if I had spent more on it. That being said they are updating and adding more to this game, so as someone who has not played the previous versions I would give it a solid 8.5/10.If you like long games of civ 5, you'll like this game."
,Recommended,226860,18364467,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,⚡⚡Caesar15⚡⚡,Pretty good.
76561197968350769,Recommended,226860,18362674,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,TheDangler,So far I'm loving this game!  I loved the second version too!
76561198024156786,Not Recommended,226860,18348129,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,settoon.paul,"i'd love to recomend this game, the concept is good, the grafics are nice, and the play lookes like it would be enjoable. the reason i can't recomend this game is that it crashes, constantly!!! i can get a fue hours , then not a full turn. it feals very dissapointing to have paid full price for a non bata version of a game that is this buggie... i don't think ill be geting another title from this studio if this is the way the release a product."
76561198007397467,Recommended,226860,19638222,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Thegreatseeker,"it is a good game, but for some reason on insaine map it stalls alot. I do enjoy it though. If you have played the other Gal games then this one will make you happy too, if you have not give it a try."
76561198054990719,Recommended,226860,19666298,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,obasaka,could have been better...
76561198038545618,Recommended,226860,19684888,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Thumper,"GCIII is a typical turn-based strategy game. The complexity is also the downfall, as it seems to do well much micromanagement is required. The game would do well to customize automated build queues. I would also love to see a hot-seat version of multiplayer added."
76561198249147448,Recommended,226860,19683088,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ponytail691,"cant stop this game from crashing and skipping , buffering. display driver  and what other driver can you send me to fix this.......that is all...would like to play more ....."
,Recommended,226860,19683298,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,DOOMLORD,"Love this game, I would like a little bit more of a complex trading system though. but other than that it is beautiful."
76561197970893946,Recommended,226860,19683944,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,PlastX,Only minor glitches once every hour or so. I have missed this game very much.
76561198064198514,Recommended,226860,19677953,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Lovenought,"Suprisingly addictive, and the devs are adding to the game every month or so. Just the tutorial + main campaign can provide over 20 hours of gameplay, depending on your skill level."
76561198053331071,Recommended,226860,19674405,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,jthoagland76,It was nice to find a civ-like game. Now I need a better PC and coffee maker!
76561198139686029,Recommended,226860,19694217,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,tanweemin1978,First time play but definitely got replay value. I feel there should be a community developed for this game. Perhaps setup an online server to bring players together.
,Recommended,226860,20100851,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kahnite,"Good game (8 out of 10), slightly ploding in pace, AI could be more aggressive.  Only bad thing I can say about it is the devs did not provide hotkeys to cycle through anything but ships, which contributes to its slow pace."
76561198075094331,Recommended,226860,20039465,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,aaronr,"Really like it, a good upgrade to a good game. Worth buying and not much is these days."
76561198041142368,Recommended,226860,20043151,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,CheesewiZombie,Great Game.
,Recommended,226860,20132387,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,sns1980,the game is fun to play like the last two were but the campaign mode is as bad as the last were. even on the easiest mode its very difficult to play
76561197966919284,Recommended,226860,20124839,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MaNiC vICE,"Well crafted. Detailed. Fun for hours on end. I'm definitely glad I purchased this game. If you are a fan of games in this genre then this is a must have. It doesn't feel rushed, like many games out there often do. Well done!"
76561198050385529,Recommended,226860,20125244,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MickNight87,Fun to play if you'd enjoy leading a Civilization!
76561198027807106,Recommended,226860,20116792,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,john.yuanson.li,"Total time-suck, in the best way!"
76561198128845818,Recommended,226860,20136116,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,KageTatsu24,A simple game with some thought that will always help you to pass the time enjoyably
76561198067403482,Recommended,226860,20136257,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,jakanddaxter1999,played the 2nd love this one two
76561197965241363,Recommended,226860,20138892,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Colonel,Great Game
76561198197406963,Recommended,226860,20130432,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,thecoronersgambit,"It's been good since OS/2, and still is."
,Recommended,226860,15847554,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Klord68,"one of the best games of its type, i highly recommend It  :D"
76561197970408916,Recommended,226860,15848730,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,budski107,"Two Words, TOTALLY AWESOME!!  If you have an even passing interest in old school 4x turn based games then you owe it to yourself to play Galciv3.  The game is maps do a really good job of scaling from the quick and dirty slug fests that wrap up in a few hours to the insanely huge maps (for real the first map i fired up had at least 1000 solar systems if not double) that could take weeks to play through.  If you're a returning veteran from Galciv2 I'm pleased to tell you it takes the great gameplay you're used to ramps it up to 2015 standards with ships and planets that look amazing and perform very well on a system with ok-ish specs.The only thing that would have been nice to add in (may happen at some point down the line but not currently) is you can't control your or give even general orders of any kind to your fleets once they're in battleviewer mode.  It does look awesome but you're literally just a spectator.Anyhow two thumbs up :)"
,Recommended,226860,15849271,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,TheCatWhisperer,"I recommend this but with a tiny caveat...Firstly, to get it out the way I bought into this really early on (pre-alpha) so I might be a bit inclined to ignore some things.To keep it short though, and do ignore my play time with this game on steam. The game has depth if that is what you are looking for, and it will only get deeper if the older games are anything to go by. What it does not have, however is visual appeal. Its all nice and good if you are looking for the old-school vibe (mostly in the galaxy view) but they could have added a lot more to the game to make it super awesome to watch things unfold. These could be added later on, of course."
76561198015270008,Recommended,226860,15888617,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,MurphyMurph,"I am changing my review from not recommended to: RECOMMENDED | YESMuch of the crippling issues the game had on release appear resolved with the latest opt-in patch.I've spent many many hours in the game and can now say that this is definitely a 4x title worthy of purchase. It's certainly in it's youth, but I've confidence that there is much content to be seen from these developers for this title.(Previous Review Sum.)[The game appears to be polished with excellent campaign story/cut-scenes and a full roster of features allowing exceeding customization and even multiplayer. Wait until this actually makes it's way to a stable release with patchnotes acknowledging and addressing these issues.]"
76561198107054669,Recommended,226860,14138765,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Velvatine Rabbit,I love this series and can't wait for the beta to be finished. The last update I played it on was horrible. However they probably fixed that by now. However don't let that be a deturent to playing this game and who knows you may really come to like it and get it to work. Highly recommend... :D
76561198006641656,Recommended,226860,13505514,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Suyadon,"Was fun until I was unable to progress through the game because the tech selection buttons are bugged (i get a ctd) and can't obtain the tech to invade planets. I've expereinced about 10 ctd in my first game (only on the tech screen). I am very optomistic about his title, but will hold off until another patch. Am happy with my purchase as I got a huge steam discount...Update: Last Patch before release addressed just about all my issues. I now highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,226860,15631407,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,[SDP] Arthrax,"I'm a 40 year old gamer who has played just about every great strategy game and an avid gamer of all game types. At this point I'm torn if I can recommend the game to everyone. As a big fan of GAL CIV 5 I gotta say I really do like the concept and the direction it goning. I know it's in Beta, BUT we could be getting close to final by now. So i'm a little worried it isn't going to be everything I dreamed it would be. After spending a few days in the game (26 hours) I must say there are some things that I wish were different. I played three different rounds. The one I got the furthest on was a medium galaxy with default settings. I love good strategy games and after about 15 colonies things started to drag for me at around turn 280... i was about 15 hours into this game. So here is my review:What I liked:- Creating your own race is good fun and well done... long live the F.U.Z.Z.I.E.S. My furry chipmunk race! ;-)- Exploration and growing your empire is spot on! Love it.- Using constructors to build starbases to expand your empre is a great concept. (cultural, military, mining, etc.)-  Diplomacy seemed to work very well! I liked how the races would barter with you and give you an idea of if you were close in your negotiation. Great job to the devs on this idea!- The mods you can build on the planet as you climb the research ladder is great. Also the way the interface is setup is very intuitive and works great.- Great interface that easy to play and learn, but complex enough to give you the power you need to grow your empire effectively. It didn't take me long to figure out what i was doing and how it is done. The mouse-overs do a great job explaning the game.What needs improving ""in my opinion"" to make this a 5 star ALL-TIME favorite game: (which i would hope the dev's will really hear my out on this!"")- Space battles suck... they are no fun at all. Period! THe options: either watch the fight play out with no control or direction to your ships, or just hit autoresolve. So every time I would fight i would just auto-resolve, because otherwise it was just a waste of time watch the ships shoot lasers at each other randomly. NO strategy or control here? Also the autoresolve battles take longer than expected... like it stalls.. makes some ""pew pew"" sounds to give you a conclusion. And the conclusion is either your ship disappears or your opponents does. There are no gooey details, no stats screen on what happened, and they basically fall completely flat. (I will say invading planets is much better at least there is a stat screen that pops up)  Even with this fact, the game can still be fun, but does drag due to this fact. If the battles were fun and something to look forward too i think the balance of this game would be perfect. At this point in it's current state it isn't going to win any awards and will get maybe a 74 to 82 metascore at best. Which isn't bad, but it could be sooooo much better!- Allow some of the starbases to be self-upgrading. Having to send a constructor to the starbase everytime for an upgrade is too tedious and time consuming. Maybe for major things require a constructor, but not for every single upgrade please.- Give more explanation on the options you can choose when creating your universe. There isn't enough on screen destription on all the options you can tweak. You could even show some screen shots of a tiny map, medium, large... with stats below it that say how many planets there will be, and what % will be habitable, etc. etc.Lastly.... I can't stress enough on how much potential this game has if ONLY the space battles had personality and some sort of action/strategy. It would be awesome if you controled your ships with diablo style mouse clicks and hit keys for the different weapon options like 1 key would be lasers, 2 key would be missles, 3 key kinectic blast, 4 rail gun, etc. You get the idea. Make it work like you control your party in Pillars of Eternity ... they concept they have to control a party of six characters issuing orders to each of them would be brilliant in this game. Check it out devs! Do it and i guarantee you will have a 5 star 90+ meta rating score game and will please your fans. Balance in games is so important and this game has so much strategy and slow pace that when it came time to battles we would be drooling for a fight! And for those that don't like that kind of fighting, then give them the option to watch it play out or just auto-resolve. So you basically would have three fighting options/styles.Good luck devs! I'll be playing and with you to final release rather you take my ideas to heart or not. How long I'll play and how many people I recommend to play the game will depend on how the final game turns out! Fingers crossed you guys nail it! Thanks for all your hard work. I hope it pays off. Peace!"
,Recommended,226860,15901262,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Ruiner,"It's good. I have had no issues with stability - zero crashes. It's a bit of a rehash of GC2, but that also made it a but easier to relearn. If you like this genre of games, you'll like this game."
76561197971272759,Recommended,226860,15907337,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Dj Whitefire,"Gal Civ III is the reason I finally upgraded to a 64 bit computer.It's very pretty but if you've played these games before you've certainly played this one, there are a few new features, but nothing like what you'd expect if you work out how long they have had in development, on the flip side you could argue ""if it ain't broke then don't fix it""  leading me nicely on to the bugs, set your auto-save to every turn, it will crash, it will crash a lot for no good reason too, you'll be dumped back to steam more often than a badly coded mod for Skyrim.The game is however mostly good fun, lot's of options to keep you busy while not being a tedious micro management chore, the downside for me is the space battles, I'm desperate for a game where I can control my fleets of Spaceships instead of just watching a random roll the dice encounter to which I don't feel involved.  Can that be really such a hard challenge for Stardock?"
76561198051144830,Recommended,226860,15748690,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,avenbufkin,"Great game, good ship design and freedom to build my own empire"
,Recommended,226860,15356766,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Cire Nesnomis,"After 380+ hours I'm totally sold and have stopped playing Civ 5 and Beyond Earth because I want to find out how the next turn will develop in Gal Civ 3.  For me the initial litmus test is this...ONE MORE TURN.  Even though I'm playing Early Access, the game hasn't crashed once in the last two builds and I find myself desperately needing to click one more turn.The ability to create custom alien races and design your ships is awesome.  The different racesfeel [/] different.  Each has slightly different tech trees and research paths.   I love the sometimes snarky comments after completing tech projects.  They are race specific and the tone of the comments draws you into their specifc mindset and makes the game more immersive.After this  many hours I still cannot decide which race I like best (a good sign of balance).Bottom line.  If you like space-based 4x games. Buy Gal Civ 3."
,Recommended,226860,15864941,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,0per8tor,I recomend this game to any fans of 4x games out there. Sure it has a couple flaws here and there but what game doesnt. Only thing I would suggest is having 6-8 gigs of RAM. Now I purchased this game as a beta and at the time only had 4 gigs of RAM in my PC. Well it was long over due but because of this game I decided to upgrade to 8 gigs for one gamebreaking reason. Whenever I would zoom in or out of the game the transistion it would create from changing all of the stuff from 3D models to simple 2D representations would cause like a 30sec game freeze. It made the game unplayable for me. AFter I decided enough was enough and upgraded to 8 gigs of RAm the problem ceased and havent experienced it since. Now Idk if the new launch day patch fixed that and im not reverting back to the  gigs to find out but I would suggest that having anything less then 6 gigs will render this game a major P.I.T.A. Other then that Stardock has delivered an amazing game. One that you could potentially play against 100 other civilizations with the jump to 64bit programming.
,Recommended,226860,15778597,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Dewguru,"This is an updated review. My last review, which was a ""Not Recommended"" was during Early Access, Beta 6.After playing the 'official release' version, the issues I had with the ability to enjoy a multiplayer game with my friends has been addressed.Previously we were unable to make it further than about turn 50, post release we're about 200 turns in and no noticeable issues in terms of performance or crashes.Based on the multiplayer bugs being addressed, I'm updating my review to now recommend this game for both those who enjoy a solid 4x style solo and multiplayer experience."
,Recommended,226860,15867296,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Beanchilla,"Awesome game so far! Great sense of humor, awesome ship builder, plenty of content so far.I'm getting stomped fairly regularly but I am fairly new to the series.Definitely looking forward to more updates and many hours with this game."
76561197976677753,Recommended,226860,15869775,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Amorphium,This is what Beyond Earth could have been. Great game!
76561197988445850,Recommended,226860,15869994,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Akulio,Great game. Love it very much.
76561198005430357,Recommended,226860,15871118,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,james56,"Fan of GalCiv 2.Struggles to run smoothly on 2009 dual core 2.8ghz, 512mb and 4gig of RAM (Not complaining just informing)Like the new resource mechanics, tech tree is good, AI seems solid so far if somewhat constructor happy to the detriment of other things.Really looking forward to the AI getting polished and think in a few months will be a very good challenge which is what I look for in a game."
76561198023673759,Recommended,226860,15872148,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Steel_Lord,"Great AI, life-destroying ship and custom race builder, great mechanics. 9/10."
76561198010764962,Recommended,226860,15872461,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,queenswolf,"Great game, easy to get into and contains elements of my old favourite, Acendency.  Its pretty much Civ in Space but with some excellent politics and development angles.If i had to say anything negative it is that the research tree is hugely complex and combat success is hard to guage on stats alone."
76561198192751481,Recommended,226860,15873778,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Hawk,"I am unable to view any of the ""buttons"" in the game.  So I have no idea what I am selecting.  From what I have seen it looks great.  I have been unable to play it yet."
,Not Recommended,226860,18436441,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Issah,We are still missing stability fixes here. I got a high end machine and this game crashes alot. I even toned down a lot of settings but I am unable to play any game that is of a large galaxy. 300 turns in and you start to see it lag out. Missing some core mechanics that was avaliable in the previous GCII.For any looking to buy - wait until a huge sale more than 50% it's value and if you here they patched preformance boosts to the game.
76561197985663655,Recommended,226860,18602773,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,jedilaw,"Short version: It's another solid entry in the best ongoing space 4X series.  If you like/love GalCiv II, you'll feel  much the same about GalCiv III.Which is where the problem comes in.This new game is mostly a behind-the-scenes update.  The graphics are largely the same.  Core mechanics are the same.  The tech tree is very similar if not identical. And some of the better features from the expansions to GalCiv II are missing, like being able to build ""totally not the Death Star"" mobile space stations to blow up stars and such."
76561198079702498,Recommended,226860,18620405,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,GrayF0X,"Great game. It started out a bit buggy and somewhat incomplete, but Stardock knows how to please their fans. Numerous patches fix even more numerous bugs or imbalances; It even improves the AI! One of the toughest turn based strategy games I know of, and I love it. The real-time battles are really neat as well... I only wish there were something comparable when invading planets. Maybe something akin to Galactic Civilizations II invasion graphical representation. Can't think of a whole lot that is bad about this game though. I highly recommend it, especially for longtime GalCiv fans."
76561198006277477,Recommended,226860,18639345,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,scorryuk,"I`ve been playing this for 3 or 4 days now and it is certainly an engrossing time killer. But having played alot of the previous Gal Civ 2 I just can`t understand how little this game has moved on after so many years. Yes, the graphics are nicer and it has a few additions to separate it from the last version. But I can`t help feeling letdown by the lack of evolution, the missed opportunity to truly bring the francise forward. It`s more of the same with noticable balance issues and irratiations; such as your AI opponents can spawn and sustain  massive fleets of 150+ ships and then trample all over your borders without penalty or a means to penalise or expel. The battles are lacklustre. There could have been  defined fleets and squadons with admirals and sectors of control, fleet formations, minefields and sensor nets to protect borders, border incursion alerts... the list could go on. Ultimately if you have fond memories of Gal Civ 2 then you might want to pass on this one, you may be disappointed. If your new to the franchise then you could be in for an old school treat."
76561197992264247,Recommended,226860,18651388,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,xwingsteakhouse,"If you like 4X strategy, this game does a lot right and is worth a purchase."
76561198030901298,Recommended,226860,18650105,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,dominodom18,Excellent 4x game
,Recommended,226860,12017141,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Kitten Food,"I am updating my review since my original was when the game was in early access.To summarize: The game is playable and alright.That being said, it isn't innovative and doesn't offer much in terms of grand strategy.The visuals are beautiful in GC3 and there is much detail given to each sprite, model and bloom of light.  The faction/ship creator gives the player customization options, albeit limited unless venturing into the modder sphere.  The ship designer is definitely the most 'fun' aspect and can entertain more than the actual game. The learning curve isn't difficult and the AI is quite predictable with a mediocre diplomacy mechanic.  Combat is still regulated to a cinematic experience, with a basic/simple system of offense/defense, nothing special but it looks nice.  Trade and economics is pretty standard fare akin to the Civ series.  Faction interaction and dialogue is pretty boring with scripts being generic and used across the board (meaning interactions don't feel special).  The game does become sluggish, with not much to do but press turn.  There isn't much to interact with on the main map...you send a constructor to build a station here and there, move ships from point A and B.There are plenty of other pros and cons to the game. Most can be seen just by viewing the official forums for Stardock.  Overall, in my opinion, the game is standard fare, looks pretty and offers nothing new to the evolving grand strategy genre. It will possibly keep the player entertained for short bursts, but isn't a must-play considering competitors that have enhanced mechanics.I would recommend buying this game if it were on discount and if you are just looking for something to do outside of your normal go-to library. It gets an ""Eh"" rating of apathy from me."
76561198036162956,Recommended,226860,18607151,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,mr.ben.nutt,Aside from the arbitrary dumbing down of several of the core components of Gal Civ 2 it is a fairly good modernization.  Here's hoping they keep working and sate us fanboys with the level of anal retentive obsessive compulsive micromanagement we crave.
76561198076118721,Recommended,226860,18607268,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,kelstertgo,a good deep 4x game
76561198000996542,Not Recommended,226860,18559680,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,FoxFiend,This game has too many stability issues. Often freezes up and crashes way too often. Had I known I would not have bought this game. I would think twice before buying from the same developer.
76561198008518180,Recommended,226860,18571730,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Blackvein,Good game
76561198035763855,Recommended,226860,18597770,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,lcartwright,I liked the ease of play with the game identifying the idle ships and stations.  I don't like that you cannot direct ships to find the enemy.
76561198081346652,Recommended,226860,18589265,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,trulyoriginalart,"9.5/10   Excellent strategy game!  I loved all the subtle changes in graphics and the interface.     I give this game a rank of #1 when it comes to space strategy games.  :-)    I personally think there are only a few things I WISH this game had,   I liked how ships used to level up, although I admit they could get overpowered, so I believe they should have modified the level up system so the Crew leveled up and not so much the ship, because better crew is a better ship, right?  Could reduce maintanence costs and improve accuracy and dodging,  even let the player choose.  I would have Loved that to be in the game!   Also I would really like it if the options had a choice for a slower tech development, even on the slowest it just doen't quite feel like a realistic advancement speed for civilizations to get the most powerful weapons/armor ect... perhaps even some very expensive R&D type filler techs in between the next level of advancement would be great.  The last thing I really would just absolutely love in this game is a more Star Control 2  feel to talking with the other races, really opens up diplomacy when you have to learn personalities not just the numbers of a alien race.             Like I said though even without these additions the game totally rocks!  I have 85 hourish on it now,  have uploaded three intense map to the community and I haven't even started to be tired of this game yet!  Soon it will be time for me to mod it!    Big shout out to the makers and I hope what I have said, is of service to them!       Thanks again for an awesome series of games!"
,Recommended,226860,18582691,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Monksy,At present it's a HD reskin of the second game with bigger maps. Given time it will be a great game just give it time.
,Recommended,226860,18580130,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Psivet,"The game has an impressive amount of depth to it, although I haven't gotten far into it. It is so far a great game of this genre and I look forward to learning and mastering it over the next several months."
76561197991068130,Recommended,226860,18920414,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Dead Guinea Pig,Always fun to play. It can suck up a lot of time but normally worth it.
,Recommended,226860,30584300,Posted: 17 March,all,✠ DaFrontlineSpecter,"I got this game on sale, so it was a bit of a steal on my end.If you're a civ fan, I can definately see this scratch your itch for a sci-fi rendition, spanning accross stars and planets.Me? I'm more of a Total War/Mount and Blade guy, but the upcoming crusade dlc might be something I'll check out in the future (but I just might save-up for Bannerlord instead).I may not have enjoyed the game as much as other people have, but it's definately a well-made game nonetheless (despite the game taking up a ton of my hard drive space, but justified seeing the ammount of content here). If I gave this a thumbs-down simply cuz ""I didn't enjoy it"", I'd just look like an idiot, especially when there are several people that HAVE enjoyed the crap out of it, and that chances are I'll end-up returning to this game in the future, and possibly put more hours into it.The game's mod-supportive, and if you've got some good skills editing pictures (and a ton of patience) you could potentially create your own origional, unique faction for the game (which is what drew me into this game in the first place, cuz not a lot of games have that)!I guess I bought this expecting Total War in Space with Civ mechanics and custom factions (first thing I did). Instead I got Civ, with cinematic space battles that you can't interact with at all (outside of checking ship stats), and custom factions (first thing I did).I don't know why this game isn't my cup of coffee, but I should not discourage people from trying it out. The pacing is capable of being ludicrously slow at times and the whole DLC thing feels like a bit of a rip-off (especially with the mercs and maps DLC, which I think is a flat-out scam).Anyways, if you have the money and sci-fantasy is right up your alley, don't be afraid to try it out. I wasn't."
76561198100929724,Recommended,226860,18720152,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Metaljaw #Frontline | trade.tf,"This is a really good game, but its fanbase is alarmingly small."
76561198008260349,Not Recommended,226860,18521938,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Shubacka66,"I really expected something more from Stardock than this, especially with titles like Sins of the solar empire under it's belt, this game is totally over priced, and really doesn't bring anything new to the table from the previous GCiv game, well there actually is more, you can create your own race and things like that but the game play are the same old, the game is tideous and booring, this is why I have so few hours played, I just couldn't bare a single minute more, and I probably will never play this game again. it is played on a hexagon grid more than in open space, even if it is in space, this sux because it takes away the feeling that you actually are in space, old machanics and probably the same old game engine, the controls are very awkward, and you better have a great keyboard, otherwice expect to invest in a new one soon. your space key will be malfunctioning shortly, for every unit you cycle through you have to press space before you actually can finnish the turn, if you have a 100 ships, be prepared to press space 100 times then finally turn. and if you have 500 ships, omg! this is idiotic and does not suite this game style. it's old. I do not recommend this game to new players of Galactiv civ just because it's the same old, it is certanly not up to todays standard, this is 2015 and this game could have been made 2005, however if you are an old Galactic civ player and you enjoyed it, then maybe you will enjoy this game, just be prepared fot it's short comings. for new players, I suggest you get Gciv2 on sale, it is a much better game, and is more playable. this game is just booring."
,Not Recommended,226860,18893294,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,President Kerman,will not launch
76561198050663468,Recommended,226860,18355862,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Luste,"could have been a longer campain, but the skrimish mode is still awsome.......and i hate cliffhangers lol"
76561198007713220,Recommended,226860,18356633,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Sideshow Bob,"Feels like a refresh and an incremental update of Galactic Civilizations II - which is no bad thing, but they missed an opportunity to improve the interface, especially for larger maps. It becomes a confusing click fest in late games. More filters, more planners and better automation - especially of ships and fleets - are needed before extra features."
76561198086125937,Recommended,226860,18359348,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,CrazyDick,"One of the best turn base strategy i ever played, and i played lots of games."
76561198023534540,Not Recommended,226860,18347291,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Riwwel,"A pretty good game, and i hope it gets even better with some patches and fixes bcause as it is it has some flaws which on larger game maps are spoiling the fun.- the planet interface is somewhat clunky. When in the building menu (responding to an idle planet msg at the end of a turn) there is no indication of where this planet is on the map. Is it close to the border? do i need some culture? military? best way is to just leave the first time, check on the map where that planet is, if you can find it in the list on the right and hope you remember the second time  it comes around.-starbase idle: see planet.- ship list: cant find my ships easily. the map isnt helping really. again the scroll bar on the right with all the fleets/ships isnt helping to quickly see where they are. i big dot on the mini map might help , so you know its worth upgrading or if you can just scrap it- obsolete designs! i worked my way down my list having battleaxe 1 to 41 and a load of other versions and made a lot obsolete. including my constructors. I designed a new one, but when ordering a constructor from a starbase it insists on building a basic constructor.  You should be able to unhide ships made previously obsolete.- constructors. spam. it has been mentioned before.. it does get a little tedious. especially if they are all the wrong kind:)-  update queues! nice. trying to update my 30 basic constructors in the queue to my modified new version with 20 moves, It only updates the ship being build. the rest in the queue stay the old version.- building a freighter in a shipyard: I want my trade capital as sponsor. The only way to make sure it seems is to have only that planet attached as sponser to a shipyard.- a minor nuisance i found : designing your ship! would be nice to see what's front. my fancy new cruiser ended up flying sideways.- also minor: Bigger mounts for a gun. I dont really want to place 50 massdrivers on my capital ship.that said.. all things mentioned can be fixed and should be less of a nuisance at smaller maps.-diplomacy and treaties are nicely done, I also like the system of buildings affecting adjecent sectors giving some more depth to managing your planet,giving it a thumbs down mainly as a warning. you might like it you like smaller maps - but for $50 you might want to let it sit for a bit and get it on offer some time - or wait till the UI gets ironed out."
76561198109304456,Recommended,226860,18286550,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,VisedNormal,"I like this game, a lot. But I would really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really REALLY like to know why it keeps freaking crashing on me, even though I've validated, and reinstalled the game at least 6 times."
76561197992322819,Recommended,226860,18310204,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Silinary,"Recently installed it, and while I needed to look some things up on the falciv3 wiki for clarifications, it was enjoyable to play. I have not yet installed any DLC and likely will over time."
,Recommended,226860,18276050,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,MaximumTrekkie,"This game is extremely fun.  The ship customization, combat system, and empire management all come together in a great game.  There will most likely be DLC that will make it better...for a price >.>Pros-Ship Customization=+++Note-Although I would like to create a color scheme instead of having to choose from presetsRace Customization=+++Combat looks cool=++Combat System=+Note-(You have to design your ships around the enemy you're fighting at any given time)Diplomacy=+More realistic borders then Civ 5=+Note-(Other races can pass through your borders and you can pass through theirs, with a diplomatic penalty, which can give you warning of imminent war if you scout inside enemy territory or the enemy masses ships on yours)  (Also, you only have vision in range of a ship, planet, or starbase.  The ""borders"" I spoke of are just representations of your influence.  If you want to know what's on your border, you have to put something there.)Tech Tree=+Note-Different races have different tech trees, although I've only used the Terran oneColony Management=+Cons-Bugs= - - -Note-I've had an AI attempt to declare war while we had a Non-Aggression pact, but the only result was that the war ended immediately, making the AI say ""Glad we put that war behind us"" or variations of that every time I opened the diplomatic screen, a minor annoyance.  There were some earlier bugs, one of which was a crash that was solved by turning down my graphics settings, despite easily meeting recommended hardware specs.TL;DR=ERMAHGERD SO GOOD"
76561198004696507,Not Recommended,226860,18200462,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,DRAJO,"España, Italia,Grecia,etc.también somo parte de Europa. pero al parecer eso idiomas no lo traducenen cambio en  Alemania Francia Alemania ruso,lo traducen en textos y interfaz.podían traducirlo también en italiano Grecia España y todos los países de EuropaSeñores somo de Europeos no nos ignoren,somos vecinosun saludo gran juego graciaspero pongo un negativo para los idiomas--------------------------------------------Spain , Italy , Greece, etc. Also somo part of Europe. but apparently that did not translate languageswhereas in Germany France Germany Russian, translate texts and interface.They could also translate into Italian Greece Spain and all the countries of EuropeLords European somo not ignore us , we are neighborsgreat game thanks greetingsbut I put a negative for languages"
,Recommended,226860,18302013,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,higman33,Fun game
76561198017531922,Recommended,226860,18300228,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,arnold,"I like the game. It does have added things that make it diffferent that GC II, yet it still feels like GC. Not complaining. I would have liked more control over ship battles but overall a fun game."
,Recommended,226860,18301314,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,NUKA88,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,226860,18301456,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Kinglee,"Tutorial good be a bit better, but you will figure it out over time. Great Game 9/10!"
76561198011588246,Recommended,226860,18300675,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,hamishblackie,Good game needs a bigger campaign. AI sits there waiting to be attacked.
76561198034615404,Recommended,226860,21677025,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,gmickd11,Really good game; I play lots of strategy like RTW2 and Endless Space and this one is top notch among them. Very much recommended for anyone who loves strategy.
76561198153266124,Recommended,226860,21663556,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Stephan Harcastille,Very awesome love the mods as well
76561198032074760,Recommended,226860,21666942,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,narlynarf,Like civ 4 but with space ships!!!!!!!
76561198004622031,Recommended,226860,21642872,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,GeneralGreen,Fantastic 4x civ building strategy!
76561197979963859,Recommended,226860,21655068,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Trickster,It is pretty awesome and isn't too hard to learn and play.
76561198006985146,Recommended,226860,21635926,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,jgbrown.rm,"I have been waiting in the wilderness for so long, thirsting for the sequel to Twilight of Arnor. The game works overall, and is harder than the previous. Only wish that some things were as automatic as upgrading planetery production. You know, space stations and ship upgrades (which could happen by entering shipyards).I prefer games with a large framework to work (play) within. GC3 gives me that. While it does become tedious at times, it is still fun and I usually deal with the tedium by breaking from the game for a couple of hours or even days and return with a determination to pound my enemies into interstellar dust.So, YES! I like this game. However, I do go back often to play GC2, with a little bit of modified Pirates of Orion thrown in..."
76561198032915032,Recommended,226860,21637952,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,phenyxasher,"I like most of the game, the colonization rules and how production works is good. the ship designer needs the view controls of GALCIV II. the tech tree is cumbersome, if we could break a percentage per area [i.e. 15% colonies, 25% military, 35% governace, and 25% construction. adjustable in the tech tree or governing menus] this would be more realistic. also there should be a better way of finding planets that you have discovered than just looking around on the map. I've been trying to find this minor race that has gone to war with me. So far it has eluded me. I also am having trouble getting the free download. it sends a emal to my accont, but the link just gives me a blank page, so I can not activate it.otherwise I am pleased with the game."
76561198010735379,Recommended,226860,21630639,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Voodoosuicide,"larger maps with a high quantity of npc's frequently requires me to save and reload as it locks up during turns. the ai seems to be complete in a short time span and i've let the turnover last up to 10 minutes of pure stagnation. other than that, i love it. modern MoO2."
,Recommended,226860,21631139,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ahhhhhhhhh,Yesh
76561198057716915,Recommended,226860,21631640,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,jterr1968,awesome.....just like civ 5
76561198017055518,Recommended,226860,21632684,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,kitonie,"It tends to be a very time consuming game and may require a day or two to complete a full game depending how you set it up, however the ship building is super fun and watching your fleet of self-built ships destroy an entire space empire feels soooo good. The workshop has maaaaannnnyyyy pre built ships to choose from, as well as new races. overall a pretty fun game to play.the downsides would be that, unlike most turn based games, there is no major way to ""auto end"" your turns when you have nothing to, gets annoying to click end turn 100 some times."
76561197961833086,Recommended,226860,21534831,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Captain Chaos_Cannon Ballers,"fantastic game.  all the fun of other turn based strategies, but it scratches my scifi itch.  love the tech tree, and the AI, very well done.  i also highly recommend the DLC"
76561198057906415,Recommended,226860,21614345,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,knah,"Best played with in a free world with friends dont think the campaign is the body of the game. If you want a story driven game go else were, this is a civ building game dont like it get somthing else. if you like civ builders though this has some fun mechanics to play with"
76561197993245779,Not Recommended,226860,21618116,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,DreamsDefined,"Such a step down from Gal Civ II. Half of the content seems to have been taken away, in preparation for numerous DLC's - the first of which, Mercenaries, is utter rubbish.It's so disappointing that a brilliant franchise has really taken a step back. Maybe DLC's will make it worth it in time, but right now it's simply not worth the money.Save your hard earned cash for Master of Orion (already better) and Stellaris (looks better at this stage in its development)."
76561197969204701,Recommended,226860,21619277,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Smurf II,"I have heard alot of bad things about the game, but for me I have found no real problems and enjoy the dinamics of the game.  Also one major point which you don't get with most games is how good the support is.  At one point, a few days ago I though one of the main parts of the game was broken.  That was ship design which kept kicking you out if you added certain things to your ship.  2 days later a new patch came out and solved the issue. So thumbs up to that."
76561198092501353,Recommended,226860,21480602,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,jaysend5.0,"Game has a steep learning curve. I am ~60 hours in and I still dont know how to do certain things or what certain stats actually do. There really needs to be a ""pedia"" Also the controls are very clunky. Accomplishing tasks can be mind numbing.With that said, it is most everything I liked about the previous games and I love the scope of the game. The graphics are a nice improvement. I am hopeful there will be some patches to adress a few of the more glaring annoyances."
,Recommended,226860,21497933,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,RamladuKoar,"I enjoy playing this game.  I had GC2 years ago and that was a good game, but very busy.  This game seems more streamlined.  I can follow it better.   One thing that I felt strange, however was the first campaign mission was tough.  The enemy seemed to stack all their ships at the bases.  So, after hours of playing that mission, the next mission was very easy.  I finished it in 20 minutes.  I spent so much time building up my base without realizing that my ally was doing all the work.  The third mission seems like a big jump in size and time committment.  The missions just don't seem to balance well with natural player progression.  The tech tree is fun, and just what I was looking for in a space game.  You have choices of which ships to produce, and you can even download ship designs from the workshop.  But you don't really need to, there's a whole set of pieces to play with.  Overall, I enjoy the game.  I guess my only desire for a new one is to have a few more planets to play with.  It seems you get 1-2 planets in a system (many systems in the map), but I get stretched too thin guarding them with starbases.  But I do recommend this game for your space strategy fix."
76561198014777893,Recommended,226860,21503352,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,darthcredence,"I've been playing the Civ games since Civ II, and I've played a few other 4X games, but this is the first 4X game that isn't Civ that has grabbed me. I'm so glad a friend recommended this to me. The campaign is fun, and the sandbox mode is outstanding. There is so much going on in this game, and I love that it forces you to make serious choices about how you are playing rather than everyone discovering all techs in roughly the same order.All around, an incredibly well made and fun game."
,Recommended,226860,21503546,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Splogers,"This game is so big, literally on a galactic scale. I was a fan of Gal Civ II, and this is more of the same. If you like the Sid Meier Civilization series, but thought his Alpha Centauri offering was poorly executed - then this is the game you want.What I love the most is the range of customisation you can make to your spacecraft. You can play this game for 100 hours and a couple of mistakes can make it game over in no time. I had Gal Civ II figured out by the time this came out and thought it would be easy. Nope! Lots of surprises. I like it :D"
76561198007262287,Recommended,226860,21501193,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Wrath,I like the game but it seems that any mode past beginner the AI out paces the player by unbelievable amounts and they always seem to be able to produce 3 to 4 times as many ships as the payer.
76561198005365507,Recommended,226860,19003520,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,shawn88ca,"I didn't like the most recent update, but otherwise I have really enjoyed this new GalCiv."
76561198046014220,Not Recommended,226860,17798193,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,jowiko,The audio stops after about 10 mins then it crashes about 5 min later.
76561197967723609,Not Recommended,226860,17674583,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,=FU= TC,"This game falls horribly short in all areas. A definite no-buy.Space combat is a simple animation, no control over it whatsoever. 3-5 ships per side, no massive fleet battles.Ground combat is no animation even, just a textpopup telling you whether you have won.No espionage or blackops in the game.Diplomacy is sort of alright and so is the galaxy overview.The research tree is needlessly overblown, most likely to hide the fact there is no real content in the game.Everyone who loved MoO2 will hate this. It is much worse in every aspect, especially combat.The dominating problem is that you don't feel like you are in any sort of direct control.Second worst problem is the digging through redundant stuff, such as 10 times almost identical research or 100 ship designs where 10 would suffice."
76561197992328167,Not Recommended,226860,21376138,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,GentlyLotus,"A very nice game, but there are stil many bugs and the game is crashing regularly. Multiplayer is only a button, there is no mutliplayer. Looks like devs are not interested to fix bugs, but only grab money."
76561198004054676,Recommended,226860,15847527,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,mdschmidt,A fun 4x game that you can customize to suit your tastes.
,Recommended,226860,14800987,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Edge Traverser,"I am updating this review to reflect my opinion after the myriad of changes that were made to the early access versions of the game between the original time of review in late march and now.At the time, I was skeptical of what could be achieved to improve the gameplay in the amount of time remaining before the final release of the game.  To my surprise, Stardock has done a very good job of putting an appropriate level of polish into the game over the past couple of months.  Many of the glaring issues - such as a faulty and exploitable AI now appear to be patched up.  In particular, I encountered situations where I could purchase the entire military of a race who was far ahead of me in military and tech power, and immediately turn a losing game around where I should not have been able to.  This appears to have been fixed (I tested out this specific situation) and the AI in general seems quite a bit more intelligent in diplomacy.I can't speak for every facet of the game - I haven't played multiplayer, the campaign is still not yet released, etc, however what I have experienced thus far is very good - a complete turnaround from the state of the game two months ago and a true successor to the greatness of the previous games.   As a result, I am changing my recommendation on this game to a resounding 'Yes!'."
76561197962525304,Not Recommended,226860,17451114,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Bald Eagle,"I'm still scratching my head over what $50 got me. Galactic Civilizations II was a great game. Gal Civ III is Gal Civ II, with very few updates and some annoying bugs.Occasionally the game freezes up. All I see is ""Idle Ship"" and can't do anything.More annoying is the ""Quick Battle"" option which isn't quick at all. Make the damn results instant.My crews/ships/armies don't skill up after they win. When I invade a planet there's no dilemna or question about what to do with the surviving alien population. Suddenly they become my race? There should definitely be some sort of ethical dilemna here.I feel like Total War does a much better job of incorporating very important, very real strategic considerations."
76561198011206219,Not Recommended,226860,17421693,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,mercystrike,"Total rip off! It took the better half of a year for this to go from beta when I bought it to an actual semi functioning game. They had the half off sale on this POS while it was still in beta!!!!!!!!!! At it's core, it is identical to it's predicessor in every way with minor, non effectual additions that aren't that great. Total rip off,"
76561198062168826,Recommended,226860,18679250,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Prime,"Great game, even greater potential. Missing a few features; but as others have mentioned, the game is likely to take the same route as Civ V, and will likely be as impressive when fully fleshed out."
,Recommended,226860,18678757,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Beezie,"Great game, if you're into the 4x genre. ""Endless"" options and playstyles with some of the largest maps I've ever seen if you're into pulling games over weeks, and very small maps if you got a couple hours. The game is very extensive and there is a lot to learn so if you're into a quick plug and play type game, this might not be for you. If you've got the time however, this is a gem for turn based strategy game lovers. 9/10 recomend this highly! :)"
,Recommended,226860,18850638,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Mr.Mambo,If you liked Galatic Civilizations II then you'll likely enjoy III. Some things need to be ironed out. Some minor gripes to be had but overall a great 4x strategy.
76561198007299358,Not Recommended,226860,18348154,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Ithnann,"Was a great game, but after a few big changes it feels as though my hands are tied."
76561198065855863,Recommended,226860,18706168,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,IHATECOUPONS,The only thing i really like about this game is well.......the game itself.
76561198158618688,Recommended,226860,18697805,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,StrawPaladin,"Overall, The game is what I was expecting. I am happy to see they did not abandon the fundamentals of GC2, yet took the time to make the new game unique."
76561197995913906,Recommended,226860,18710941,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Deckem,"I recommend this game if you like Sid Meiers Civ 5 and also like longer games that require a lot of patience. There is a ship building feature that makes the game much different than Civ 5 in the aspect of combat. Although the rest of the game is much similar to Civ5 in the way you progress with an AI that also progresses with you and ultimatly you'll face off against them in a grand war. You'll have to balance research with production of military and also with an economy to win the game, which might last well over 6 hours."
76561198018082095,Recommended,226860,18694191,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,c.l.andrews,if you played Civ 2 this is an enhanced and somewhat improved version. It doesn't break any new ground. If you didn't play the previous versions then this is a pretty good game of space exploration and conquest.
76561197993834376,Recommended,226860,18696808,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,battlespork,"I haven't played the first two games, so I can't compare it to those. This is a 4x game with the classic MOO feel. The AI are a bunch of cheating jerks, which makes the learning curve steep. That's ok though because it keeps the game hard enough to be interesting."
76561198007301310,Recommended,226860,18698923,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,thewheel73,Great game. But I want more factions.
76561198004149688,Recommended,226860,18713916,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Darth Siggius,Amazing Strategy Game.. So many variables to consider.. So many ways things can go wrong or right!As far as strategy games go this is near top of my list!Well played !
,Recommended,226860,18755475,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Herpaderpes,Great turn based strategy. Recommend fastest research setting for insane galaxy size.
76561198028162971,Recommended,226860,18718885,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,heydave002,When it's not crashing it's a fun game but after playing it for the amount that I have it just doen't feel complete. There's much room for improvement of the game and many issues to fix still.
76561198080482835,Recommended,226860,16072948,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,sledmonster1,I had a lot of problems with this game but after you get them sorted out its a wonderful game and if you liked any of the other GC games you will love this!
76561197960833369,Recommended,226860,18715946,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Vash,"Its pretty cool, I called into work at least once to stay home and play it. Pretty much galciv 2 dread lords with hex tiles and without spies. 9/10 would buy for full price again. Don't buy if you value sleep."
76561198028718056,Recommended,226860,18720656,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,rj,"Game is fun, however i do believe the AI is not fair. no matter what stats i do, it seems all other races except the minor races progress alot faster than i do.  Example, i went to bomb a planet with no ships defending, the next turn that planet had 3 ships, with one shipyard? Other than that, game is has not crashed. The Tech tree could have more info on what your researching."
76561197985613152,Recommended,226860,18737381,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Northstar,"After reading alot of negative reviews im not sure why i still tried GC3 out but im glad. Im now into my 3rd attempt at succeding with the humans and im already looking forward to trying different tactics with other races as well. Its a great strategygame. It puts the focus on the larger picture to the point where you dont even do the actual battles. You can spectate them and you can definitly give yourself an advantage in them by planning youre fleets and setting the different ships tasks correctly but the battle is carried out by fleet admirals under youre command. Same with the planets. You can direct them and as soon as you dont have time for it they will start to manage nicely on their own.The game might not be perfect for everyone but for me it has that perfect mix of strategy, micromanagement and still retain the ability of playing through a good sized campaign in only a few evenings. I definitly dont regret putting the money on this one."
,Recommended,226860,18540175,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,The Goat Who Waited,"After playing this game more, it's really fun and adds onto what Galactic Civilizations brought to the table in a spectacular way. Multiplayer is the bee's knees.Everyone builds wang ships in the ship designer though. Just a heads up.Not really a fan of the day 1 DLC though. Please quit doing that."
76561197995812111,Recommended,226860,19088524,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Erazmus_NZ,Fun
76561198031686676,Recommended,226860,19081841,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,mjminogue,"Im not a big game player, mainly I play CIV, and Ive been with it since v1 on Amiga ... way back in the day.Ive played Gal Civ once before, long time ago, I think it was v1 also.Just starting to get to know it again - but overall I like it. There used to be a space skin for Civ, which kinda worked like this,Happy to recommend"
,Recommended,226860,18925357,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Waltekin,"The positive: Galactic Civilizations has always been a very enjoyable 4X game. You can win many different ways: by pure expansion, by conquest, etc.. GalCiv3 is no exception - it is a lot of fun! For anyone who hasn't played Galactic Civilization, it is highly recommended.For anyone who had GalCiv2: There's not a lot of difference in single player mode. Renaming alignments to ideologies, adding funny artifacts on your planets. Lots of stuff doesn't yet work as well as it did in GalCiv2 (see below). I haven't tried the (new?) multiplayer, because that's not my thing.What I do find irritating: This game was released too early; initially, it felt like a beta, because lots of important features were deficient. They didn't even retain the level they had in GalCiv2. The latest update has finally made the AI competitive. Updates are also still shuffling around major interface and game features. Other aspects remain deficient, for example, you currently have no control over your government, beyond a couple of points in the tech tree. Apparently, the idea of finishing a game before releasing it is old-fashioned, because no one bothers anymore..."
76561198053235653,Recommended,226860,19002678,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,PVT M. Bailey,This game is freaking awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197971720689,Recommended,226860,19003253,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,DarkChild,Sweet.
76561198030161610,Not Recommended,226860,19006080,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Martino,boring
,Recommended,226860,19107966,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,ragorstormshadow,"epicness meets asskickery, in space, with lazors!!!!"
,Not Recommended,226860,18978903,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,bionsuba,"This game was shipped in an obviously unfinished state and with broken AI. At the time of writing, the game is at v1.4 and the AI is still no where near as smart as the AI in GalCiv 2 and the game is still loaded with performance problems, balance issues, and bugs. To top it all off, the ultimate edition of GalCiv 2 has WAY more content than this game.If you want to play a space 4x game, I suggest you save you money and just by the previous title in the series, it's the best 4x game on the market."
76561197983199912,Recommended,226860,18980381,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,|*Mal*|,Gal Civ 3 is an excellent addition to the 4x space genre. I enjoy the ability to create truly epic galaxy sizes and the balance it tries to strike between simulation and gaming. I would like to see more races available for play and a better tutorial for new players.
76561198037951927,Recommended,226860,18982443,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Tzion,"I love this game.   The only serious complaint i have is the great lack of space defense your star  base has or your planet.   The game is great, fun and can be DAYS of gaming in a big universe.    But again, the planets can't be defended like in most other space games very well. Your star base you make must have loads of ships docked there to defend it.  Your planets can have military bases and planet turrets placed (one of each) to help defend against attacks. HOwever i almost never see a difference they make.If they made it so you could build starbases anywhere this would help. Currently each starbase must be 5 spaces from any other starbase including enemies.    Also If they make it so constructors can upgrade shipyards like they do starbases and add extra defense and attack that would help this issue too.The only issue in this game is the lack of starbase, and shipyard and planet defense.      For people who played SINS OF THE SOLAR UNIVERSE or whatever the game is called, you won't be able to defend well in this game. It's all about offensive."
76561198045141250,Recommended,226860,18977292,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,harveylh,Best Space Empire Game I have ever played. Better AI than GC II.
76561198125473459,Recommended,226860,18976473,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,dXJUSTiceXb,Great game with alot of customization.
76561197992065175,Not Recommended,226860,18966370,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,DeadFred,If you have Galactic Civilizations 2 with all the add onds then there is not much reason to buy Galactic Civilizations 3.They are pretty much the same game.
76561198075605345,Recommended,226860,18966766,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,mcnally_patrick,"The game is so much better then GC2. The only drawback is in the Manual offered by steam. It is missing half of the instructions for all kinds of things. ie: creating a cargo route and tons of others. And what's the difference between Guard and Sentry and setting them properly. It's like half of GC2's manual is missing from this one. Other then that, is is a great game."
,Recommended,226860,19094796,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Gory,"I found it kind of a toss-up between yes and no. A lot of it is evolution over revolution in game mechanics, which is a pity considering it's nearly 9 years since GC2.For all that, it's still a decent game except for one massive, glaring annoyance - this game has probably the poorest resource management i've ever had to deal with in a TBS game - I wish I knew what they were thinking. It really detracts in a massive way from what is an otherwise enjoyable experience."
76561198120918035,Recommended,226860,13010600,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,puppyboom9000,"message the the programers of ""GC3""; you need to fix the glitch that doesnt allow me to send a colony skip to a habitable world. when i am within 0-3 tiles of the selected world, the game prevents it from going there and doesnt let me click on it afterwords. this glitch causes the population pressure to sky-rocket. I personally recomend fixing it in the next update."
76561197967212524,Recommended,226860,14722418,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Oakatsura,"Still needs a bit of work, AI is... questionable at best right now, I will reserve a real observation and review until the game is released.Early Access Fun? A little bit, 80% Better than StarDrive in its Present State, 60% Better then Endless Space.How Buggy? Pretty Buggy, not pointing any fingers but I feel sometimes like I am sitting on an Ant Hill.Recommended Early Access Support? Yes, and only because of Successful Releases in the past."
,Recommended,226860,14724283,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,thejabbernaut,"As it is in BETA, expect multiple crashes and bugs, also the dialogue and decisions made do not make sense sometimes.However, this game has great, great potential, worth picking up at half price, but expect a buggy but overall ok experience."
76561198027656497,Recommended,226860,14524568,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Spicy Dan,"The first thing to note, as others have said, is that it is still a beta.  There will be problems and bugs and unfinished bits.  However, with that said, from what I have played, it is definitely shaping up to be a worthwile game.  I'm not one for the very technical details, so the only mechanic that I had a problem with is that it would not let you advance a turn unless everything you owned was performing some action, which meant that you could not advance if you had any colonies at all which were completely full.  A quick fix would easily put that one small but important detail right."
76561198008052732,Recommended,226860,14721379,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Abstractblue,"Very fun game, can't wait for the full release :)"
76561198086574314,Recommended,226860,14741548,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,NoodleyOne,"It's very similar to Galactic Civilizations II, but with some nice improvements throughout. If you like that one, you'll like this one."
,Recommended,226860,15874623,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Kulzar,"You liked Galactic Civilizations II? Galactic Civilizations III is the natural evolution of the series. It's a beautiful game with a lot of depth, humour and the potential to waste hundred hours of your life."
,Recommended,226860,15878101,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,TheJuiceTrain,Long awaited sequel and definitely worth the wait. Buy it. Play it. Love it.
76561198064060131,Recommended,226860,14804598,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,l0lman,game fixed 10/10 all is good now
76561198042538248,Recommended,226860,13646961,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Thrantego,"Game is nothing new, same as older galactioc civ games without anything to make this more interesting. although it is stil in beta, the game is very slow and buggy. Biggest waste of money i have spent on steam. personally I think sins of a solar empire is a much better game.  The nothing new is bad enough but the game is unplayable in any large mode. Very dissapointed, I cannot believe there is no creativity in this entire dev team."
,Recommended,226860,15905063,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Christian_Akacro,Great game if you love Turn Based Strategy and deep mechanics!
,Recommended,226860,15905537,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Unendingfear,"Excellently made 4x Games. I've been a long time fan of the 4x and Grand Strategy genre, and I'm very pleased with this one. The ship designer has an amazing degree of depth, as does the species customization screen. I spent probably three hours just tweaking the very first species I ever designed. Tons of options and bountiful ways to flavor it to your exact specifications and desires. Game is visually quite beautiful, stunning spacescapes grace the background and truly make the game feel as large as it allows. Speaking of which, I am in love with the sheer size of the maps allowed, around a half of a million tiles on the largest if I recall correctly. Combat is interesting and diverse, and the varying ways to handle it are nice as well."
,Recommended,226860,15206949,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Pwner_II,"Updating Review:Just pre-release now, and the polish definitely seems to be there. Looking more like a Stardock product, and definitely recommended -- I miss Asteroid Mining, though. :( Still WIP here.Original Review:I love Stardock, Galactic Civilizations II was awesome, and Galactic Civilizations III will be awesome... but right now it's in beta, which means buggy, prone to crashes, and incomplete. I can't recommend you get into this unless you're a big fan of the series and want to help test it. In the meanwhile, buy GalCiv2 if you don't have it -- it'll give you a good idea what to expect from Stardock."
76561198054795964,Recommended,226860,15642533,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,sb_chin,"so far so good - cannot wait till the final release - influence is op but as per the twitch show, it should now be fixed i hope"
76561198014949270,Recommended,226860,15646588,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,gponto18,"Definately recommend this game, its quite enjoyable in its current state; should be awesome when fully released."
76561197968225215,Recommended,226860,15648206,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,The Zoo,"A fantastic 4X Space Empire game! It has a ton on features & detail and a great game engine for both the main strategy map and then space combat. The ability to design your ship's looks in such a complex way, in addition to equiping weapons & systems, is a big highlight of GalCiv 3. Stardock has put a lot of work into making the game extremely mod-friendly which will ensure the game only gets better (beyond the expansions that will be coming).I would highly recommend this game for any space strategy fan. It's 64-bit and makes the most of even beefy systems to calculate AI decisions and supports up to 100 players on a crazy insance maximum map size - you have to see it to believe it lol It's huge. It also has multiplayer!Pro Tip: Large map games can start slow depending on how many players you add in. It plays from the very early stages of space exploration and colonization/expansion before contact is made with others. If you want faster gameplay & action, play on one of the small maps because the large maps are no joke, VERY large.In short... Do yourself a favor and pick it up. Great development team who will be working on the game for the next 6-7 years (free patches + paid expansions). Never mind the fact that there is much fun to be had!Cheers,Zoo"
76561198020204523,Recommended,226860,15372230,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,TheonlyrealBeef,"Whereas a nearly finished product might need polish, I'd say this needs more like a sculptor. Even as the game came available as beta on steam it felt more like an alpha and even now the issues with the game are huge. But it's alright, I'm already seeing significant progress and I'm sure Stardock will be able to resolve them given enough time.Though I wouldn't get this game unless you either have monstrous graphical capabilities on your pc or are satisfied with measly little maps. For me, with a pretty good pc, it has come to the point of crashing too often to continue playing with a map size somewhere halfway the list. If the pc is doing anything else in the background the game will not even start (or almost instantly crash). I hope these issues will at least be somewhat resolved.As for the game itself, the ship designer is really nice visually as well as useful, but their looks/positioning of weapons are completely irrelevant. The new colony development is interesting with adjacancy bonusses, but I'm really missing a highlight for potentially salvagable tiles (with terraforming and stuff, really important with those adjacancy bonusses to see which ones you can potentially salvage!). Diplomacy... well it's currently in a really sad state. Other empires do not really seem to attack eachother, but declare war on me on first contact -_- And no, I did not choose any diplomacy penalties as traits.In short, I think this will become something good, but it really isn't there just yet."
76561198057563465,Recommended,226860,15364468,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Mike Aruba,"After loving galactic civ 2, this game definitely was worth the wait for me. It takes a lot of strategy and the AI are actually pretty powerful in my opinion. Also playing with friends is really fun on the really large maps. This game is more advanced and better suited to the different factions than the last one. A very good game in my opininion and would recommend it to anybody who likes turnbased strategy games."
76561198039736771,Recommended,226860,15394362,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,polydynamix,"It's everything Galactic Civ 2 was but updated and even more fun. It's still in development and there's some bugs to be worked out, right now it seems to be more hardware needy than it should be for a game like this. I'm sure they'll iron that out. There used to be more crashes, they're actively fixing it and it autosaves every 2 turns so you don't have to develop OCD saving after every turn.It's good and as long as the developers continue to iron out the wrinkles, it will be better.  Plus each major update includes not only fixes but tons of new content and features."
76561197992964540,Recommended,226860,15339713,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Near,"If you like x4 turn based in space, that's the best game you can get.The devs are very active; soo much that they rush things they should not.It has some innovative concepts, but not very far from the usual x4 experience."
76561198068337320,Recommended,226860,14902604,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Tyz,"I loved playing Galactic Civilisation II. So it was a no brainer to get III when it came out, even if it was in beta. Even though the game is still in the beta stages, it is already fully playable and enjoyable. The graphics are good and the tactical battle view is awesome to watch. Cannot wait for this game to be fully released and to rule the entire galaxy"
76561198142035612,Recommended,226860,14771214,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Anonymoose,Really fun until you get stuck on an enemy turn and can't do anything except starting a new game. I would not recommend until bugs/glitches are fixed.Update:Beta 5 added a whole bunch of features and seemed to fix the stuck turn issue I kept having. Still could do with a little polish and optimization but this is definately shaping up to be a good game.
,Recommended,226860,15395751,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Jear The Bare,"For anyone that enjoyed the time spent playing Galactic Civilisations 2, either casually or as some form of addiction (we all know your pain) this game is great. I'm finding myself spending more and more time on the game as it gains new features with the regular updates."
,Recommended,226860,22134562,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,CaptainAussome,"Very slow and in-depth TBS. Game-time is on par with Civ 5, but learning curve is slightly steeper. Focusing individual colonies on a specific field is a must, and the early game can be a bit grindy. Races play a major factor in gameplay style, but are well-balanced. Could benefit from unique bonuses like Civ Wonders or SOSE Artifacts. Ship designer is powerful, but needs an auto upgrade algorithm for custom designs.8.5/10"
76561198068952004,Recommended,226860,22234418,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,arnackus,Everything is excellent about GC3! I've played all 3 versions since it came out eons ago. Still loving it. But I would really like to see a detailed ground war engagment on the planet surfaces.
76561198041844380,Recommended,226860,22223844,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,xEnemy5x,"Don't have much to say, GalCiv II was great and GalCiv III is even moreso"
76561197988235735,Recommended,226860,30746015,Posted: 26 March,all,thrallking,"Fantastic! I usually (only) play the single player games, but have not yet played the campaign, but GalCiv 3 has become my go-to game (I play it more than any others). Very much recommended if you like the 4X genre."
76561198044681699,Recommended,226860,22199224,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Masamang Tao,This game fills the hole that MOO3 burned into my soul.
,Recommended,226860,22218335,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,-tWF-Coyote,"Excellent Game!  Highly Recommended for any 4X Player out there.  I could go into the reasons that this is such a great game but there are plenty of reviews below mine that can easily describe that to you, so I will just recommend it, and be done with this review.  Have Fun."
76561198031102312,Recommended,226860,22244648,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Skorzeny,"Those who like it, like it a lot."
76561198031329898,Recommended,226860,22086690,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,skilbourn,"Excellent game, love how the ship designer works. You can really get lost in the game. Many hours of gameplay!"
,Recommended,226860,22272895,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,JAB Creations,The Heroes of Might & Magic III Complete of turn-based science fiction games.
76561198025434087,Recommended,226860,17717572,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,robertdrake910,"I had originally left a negative review for this game, due to the extreme level of micro-management necessary in an earlier version of GalCiv3.  However after returning to see how things have been developing, I noted right away that this issue has been corrected.  No longer must players allocate production percentages on each individual planet to achieve tolerable efficiency in their production values; instead now there is a single galactic percentage modifier that need only be adjusted every now and then with the discovery of new technologies.With this improvement, it is clear that Stardock is dedicated to listening to the fans and evolving their games based on our concerns.  I would recommend both this game, and Stardock games in general."
,Recommended,226860,22175868,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Hkn Dngr Noodl,"I'm heavily into any space game, and this is my first ever turn-based game. I hate turn-based games, but this one has totally turned the genre around for me. Heaps of options with the tech trees. Colonising planets gives me a boner, but taking over another faction's colonised planet is the height of pleasure for me. Working up towards building a big fleet is incredibly satisfying, as you build up your techs and number of ships per fleet, how far they can go, what weapons and armour they have. Not to mention the DESIGNER. Oh man. Sure, they have a (quite a large) finite number of blocks you can use per faction, but the ways you can COMBINE them is infinite. Honestly. You could easily build a ship out of any one block type, as each block comes in a certain style and appearance that can be shrunk/expanded/rotated/moved/even ANIMATED (ie moving parts), you can easily design unique ships that you're not likely to see made by anyone else.Please play this game with me. The AI is pretty A-OK, but the only thing missing is the joy of stomping on enemy AI with fellow human allies, or even pit against each other.COME ON!!!9.5/10"
76561198279927970,Recommended,226860,22263716,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,MisterDellanna,"TLDR: Very good game, 4X done exceptionally well.  If you like 4X, you will like this.Caveat: The only 4X games I have played MOO 1-3, Ascendancy (it's a really old one) and Gal Civ 3.+Lots of fun races, each with a playstyle.+Great race creator tool.+Starship modding is addicting.+A good variety of events and random elements that keep things fresh.+Long games where you keep saying ""Just one more turn.""+Steep but fair diffuculty curve.-No espionage.  Maybe it's in a DLC?-Ship combat could be a lot better.  You will press Quick Battle every time once you realize you can't influence the action.-The campaign was a bit meh.-Long games where you keep saying ""Just one more turn.""-I did really mean steep, it's pretty murderous.  I said it was fair before because by the time you play for a few hours you start to get the hang of it."
76561198156868203,Recommended,226860,22263008,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,samuelward6988,"Love it.  I can play it a thousand times over and it never gets old.  Lots of options, lots of play styles.  Never the same game twice."
76561198092999363,Recommended,226860,22278423,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Geno1664,"This game is very good, about as good as Galactic Civ II. But each of them is very similar, as in they are not totally different games, but different enough to make them distinct. Ultimately, If you are new to the franchise, and are a strategy games fan, I recommend picking this up. But if you already played galactic Civilizations II, think about if you want the finer points of game play and strategy over again. Yes, there is a huge graphical improvement, but this like comparing Sid Meir's Civilization 5 to Civilization 4: one is graphically superior, but both are equal in the quality of its game play, even though they are vastly different. If you know you can go from one entry in a strategy game series to the next without trouble, I would recommend picking it up. But if still play Civilization 4 more than Civilization 5, this is probably an unwise purchase."
,Recommended,226860,22098240,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Donald Trump 2020,Plays like a Civ5 in space.
,Recommended,226860,21976194,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ze Phoenix,10/10always a new playstyle/gameplay every time you start anew
,Recommended,226860,22038456,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Pojorobo,This game is amazing. Only issue is I have been having is that it can be a little buggy.
76561198156457241,Recommended,226860,22034427,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Grog Grindtooth,Once I took the time to learn the in's and out's of the game I started to have fun/adicted. The replay value on this one is what I like and there is so many differnet styles to try.   If your looking at this game its nice to have a good PC that can run it because it is a sim and all.
76561198003357105,Recommended,226860,22037313,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,obZen,Killing this is good.
76561198056926021,Recommended,226860,22037444,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,spacer1256,I have only started the game and think it is really good. The only problem is that I am having problems finding the manual for this game that can be down loaded and printed out.
76561198007059829,Recommended,226860,19384165,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,toryo222,"i liked it... similar to the first two, slightly better :)"
,Recommended,226860,19437986,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Boomz,"Blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up, War and spelling errors.420/10 would r8 8/8 m8"
76561198008501262,Recommended,226860,19439889,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SheerTorcher,"I'm an avid player of the Civ series and its knockoffs, but this is my first foray into Stardock's GalCiv series. I have a kid now so I have limited time to invest in a game's learning curve.My experience is that this game is crushingly hard. Even set to beginner difficulty I've been destroyed in the tutorial thrice. Finally I taught myself more and got more success by starting and restarting a skirmish game. I played  that until the game ended after a set number of turns even though I had turned the turn limit off, sadly just as things were getting exciting.GalCiv3 has a lot of features that make me think great things about the end game, but I can't reach the endgame even on beginner, so I'm not really enjoying it like I hoped. My review of the patch notes shows that the AI recently received a big bump: perhaps the beginner setting was bumped more than anticipated. I suppose the good thing is if you've got the time to invest becoming an expert at the game it will provide a lot of challenge.I plan to put this game on the back burner and see if my enthusiasm regenerates or if some online strategy research helps my game enough that I can break out of the tutorial."
76561198044617474,Recommended,226860,19431147,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[tcH] DestinyForNone,"At this time, I can say that I recommend this game.Why?With time, many bugs have been fixed making this game playable right off the bat.This game has a high amount of customization for your race, and for ship designing.While conquring the galaxy with your Imperial Star Destroyers, you can sit back and relax as your destroyers get destroyed by the reapers from mass effect.Choosing from thousands of ships and many factions from the workshop, your game experience will be an interesting one each time you play.Pros-Great 4x game-Many tech trees-custom races-awesome ship builder-Can upgrade your ships away from home sectorsMeh-you need a moderate computer, I can play this on my laptop-no unit experience-Descriptions can be a bit difficult to reach unless you're looking at the in-game ship designerCons-Medium sized fleets-Your ships will sometimes go into areas where they're not suppose to when trying to reach a destination (Going through the maximum range you're not suppose to be aloud to travel there.)-Pirates are a bit passive-It will spam your ship choices with different varients of the same default ships.Overall, 8/10"
76561197978420848,Recommended,226860,19393130,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Stormwind,"I have read the reviews here about ""bugs"" and I am mystified what everyone is talking about. Granted I have only played the game now for 7-8 hours, but if the bugs were as prevelant as everyone seems to suggest you would think I would have had at least one crash by now. Nope. It runs fine on my Win10 system. I do see many of these reviews were written back in June, so perhaps there have just been a slew of bug fixes since then. It seems very stable now. So with my limited playing time I mainly wanted to say that as my ""review"".So far I am enjoying the game. It is wickedly complex. I have never played any of the earlier versions so its a steep learning curve for me, but after my time in it it has definetly peaked my interest to return for more. There are a large number of variables and options to come to grips with. There is an online tutorial series ""beginner, intermediate, advanced"" about an hour each (so far I have only looked at the beginner one) that helped jump start me into the game, because the in-game tutorial left me a little bewildered the first crack at it. I believe a developer was involved in the tutorial series."
76561198053387119,Recommended,226860,19423352,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,tpstory100,"Waited for this awhile; I think it still needs work. Is it me or does it seem like some aspects of this game were rushed, not developed the way I would have expected from Stardock. I am not talking major game issues but the little things that made the other games so enjoyable. Still it is fun and I am enjoying exploring the possibilities. I would recomend this game to any fan of the 4x genre."
76561198029089513,Recommended,226860,19436690,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,tomdattilo,"The game is an update of Gal Civ 2, which is a great game, I have only played 30 to 40 hours, but have noticed some bugs, the AI cheats, the YOR were building large ships (without having the tech for them) and they were being built at a rate of about one per turn? The graphics are great gameplay other then the ship thing has been very good, there are a few bugs in the UI and ship builder, thought they would have been sorted out by now."
76561198083592579,Recommended,226860,19435807,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Grzzsubzer0,"5 stars excellent game, must buy."
76561198008911998,Recommended,226860,19425230,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Scotticus,Love this game.  Best Turn Based 4x game out there.
,Recommended,226860,19442360,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Lord Destu,I have played this series for so long and love how far it has come. It gives me a good challenge and takes away my life for days at a time. I love it and will be playing this until part 4 comes out. Then I will play that etc etc
76561198055079841,Recommended,226860,19587533,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Facecrusher,Si!
76561197983266157,Recommended,226860,19574525,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,turbohawk,"Such a love/hate experience, but I keep coming back and getting my ever loving butt stomped by races that seem to have never ending resources and tech. Keep in mind I'm playing with them set at BEGINNER level! I must REALLY suck, that's possible, but really find this game more frustrating than fulfilling. I recommend it only so I won't feel so alone in the dustbin of defeated races, misery loves company and all that.Having said this, the game is gorgeous for this genre, runs fairly fast (on a beast of a PC), but the interface is a bit clunky. Seems there should be a lot more automation and keyboard shortcuts. A tutorial that shows these things in depth would be nice, the one I played didn't mention any auto anythings."
,Recommended,226860,30643312,Posted: 20 March,all,jreynoldm,"I could go on for hours but I'm just a simple gamer. Bottom line the game is fun and have only been playing for roughly 40 hours. It feels like a turn based homeworld origional then involving a Sins of a solar Empire feel and of course the Civilization series. I say Homeworld because of the way you can assemble your own fleets and assign squads right from the get go; throwing a fleet of a few different ships and escorts for colony ships and transports. Then, unlike howeworld, you can play in an entire galaxy like map instead of going through mission in a set path. Battles are fun and its good to learn what works against what but some unique or race dependent ships might be more interesting. Where it may lack in unique ship classes it makes up for with the ""designer"" so as the ships increase is mass the cusomization options skyrocket. The designer is not just for visuals so can cusomize almost every module and make ships for unique causes.Example: I personally felt the the default colony ship was over fit and swapped out lifesupport for hyperdrive and made it about 40% cheaper to build allowing me to get more, faster colony ships early in the game(Malevolent much?). Then while I was in the designer I could not resist making my own look to it as well which was very satisfying.The Planets are all very unique and randomly generated, there are a few good mods out for this now to customize them even more but even in the default they are awsome and makes you want to search the whole galaxy for that one amazing planet aka the best one in that particular game. It would not hurt if solar systems could range in size but I realize the problems that would create on the grand scale.I Also recomend adding a large number, possibly dozens, of new factions/races to expand the game. You can find on steam or online and design a few of your own.Best of luck oh and pay attention to victory conditions, they will hurt or help your experience spend some time witht he map editor testing as many possibilites as you can."
,Recommended,226860,19567265,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Netjamjr,I would suggest this game.
76561198102897932,Recommended,226860,19682864,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,officialjlars,This is a great Sci-Fi RTS. Although the combat isn't as interactive as it could be the overall experience is awesome.
76561198085948008,Recommended,226860,21304399,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Gavin Alphonse,"This game is brilliant. there is only one slight downside compared to the second installment, bring back the planetary invasion screen. That is all."
,Not Recommended,226860,19365111,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,The Mighty Hood,"Both GalCiv II and GalCiv III are good games but heres why Im giving this a negative review. III is severly lacking in content. It feels like the game is still in Beta and it feels like the promised extra conent has been added as the DLC.I am not getting my moneys worth for the £40 I paid. If stardock decide to do what they promised and change the DLC to free and also add in more races with different play styles (that you wouldnt be able to make with access to the source code) insted of relying on workshop then this may become a positive review.Edit: With the release of the new mercenaries DLC they have shown my point. You can now have the Torians and Arceans back in your GalCiv game, but only if buy them.Screw you stardock"
,Recommended,226860,21299892,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,monkspider,"This game is amazing, and highly recommended for people who enjoy 4x or grand strategy games such as Civ V or Europa Universalis IV. In this game you take control of a civilization, each with its own strenths and weaknesses, and explore the universe, colonize worlds, and conquer your enemies. The game has some unique strengths compared to something like Civ V, in that all of the civs have their own unique tech tree with all sorts of unique flavor for the civ you are playing as. Also unique to the game are frequent moral decisions you have to make, like the planet you just colonized has plants with psychoactive properties that are dangerous but enhance the intelligence of the user. Do you ban them for the safety of your citizens or do you embrace them and gain a research bonus?Another thing I like compard to Civ is that the games seem to have more of a dynamic rise and fall of empires dynamic, where if a civ is losing, they will sometimes surrender their planets to a civ they were allied with. This civ may have been a minor player, but they are now elevated to great power status. There are interesting little things like that that happen sometimes.The game is outstanding, and really has infinite replay value. Stardock has done a great job of supporting the game so far, and has indicated that they have plans to refine and expand the game for years to come. ( I saw a post where the lead developer talked about having plans all the way until 2019!). If you are remotely a fan of strategy games, this game is well worth the purchase."
76561197971672427,Recommended,226860,21300219,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,huntervole,A worthy entery in the Galactic Civilizations.  I really enjoy the scope of the larger maps and how well they exicute
,Recommended,226860,21307291,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Reofec,Another great game from Stardock that scratches that 4X itch.
76561198116108320,Recommended,226860,21307343,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,tsar_chasm,Fun game with groups but buggy as hell with frequent crashes which isn't fun
,Recommended,226860,21306913,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ArtariousTGAT,Good with few bugs
76561198032292204,Recommended,226860,21307147,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,peterfietz,Still The best 4X
76561198010522342,Recommended,226860,21286693,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Noir1787,"I'm loving it! I haven't played GC II since 2008, so I can't speak to wowing improvements. But, this is an excellent successor to GC II."
76561198053629407,Recommended,226860,21286847,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,sphinx1173,Hard to master but lots of fun.
,Recommended,226860,21283634,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Hanakocz,"I was playing GalCiv 2 a lot and then got this game. Worth it. I like 64bit support so the game is pretty fast even with tons of stuff, instant computer-player turn calculations and so. Hexagons rather than squares. Graphic side is just amazing.When I was in quite long war, I started to specialize on one kind of weaponry, my surprise was that computer opponent in few turns brought new ships countering my strategy. Well played, StarDock!However it has few flaws, some parts got simplified (no traders floating around to get pirated, or kinda easy planetar occupations), but overall, I would reccomend this game for anyone who likes turn based strategy games:)"
76561198039783865,Recommended,226860,21283700,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,niggathreeonetwoq IIT6t,Great Game Hours Of Fun
76561198006782090,Recommended,226860,20814044,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,ZippySpeedMonkey,"GalCiv 2 has a much mre enjoyable feel about it whil playing, and I keep going back to it. But this one is ok, so far. Still a bit of a work in prgress though..."
76561198051420818,Recommended,226860,20893430,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,elfordgaylord,I've Seen some pretty big behemoths of games but this one deffinitley takes the cake ande it probably ate to.this game is awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198085887387,Recommended,226860,20859293,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,erikn1982,"If you're a fan of 4X and Sci-Fi, then you will love this.Build improvements on your worlds (you start with earth and mars if you play as the humans), use the resources generated from those improvements to build starbases and ships and explore the galaxy, meet aliens, negotiate with them or destroy them!The map size choices are amazing.  Playing a full game with the largest map size will take weeks, or using the small size play through in a few hours if you want a quicker game.The different races you can choose from really are different.  War based, science based, trade based, cultural based.  Play it however you want to play.  You can even make your own custom race.Build scouts, contruction ships, colony ships, warships, fighters, carriers.  Use the ships already built into the game, customize them, or build your own fleet from scratch.  I had a great time optimizing ships for specific tasks (low engines and life support on smaller ships with maxes weapons and shields for planetary defense, or gigantic capital ships with all the bells and whistles for leading a fleet of escorts into battle)Great game."
76561197999713452,Recommended,226860,20863262,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Lion of Babylon,"Great next-gen update of a truly fantastic series. Deep, playable cosmic grand strategy and warfare."
,Recommended,226860,20888013,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,BCarter,"Fun and addictive.   Not a great deal different from the last GalCiv, but fun none the less.I'm hopeful that some updates will come along soon, though haven't seen any in a very long time.  And NOT in the form of DLC that has to be purchased!"
76561198256488521,Recommended,226860,20875547,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,dan.r.j.hills,"love the game, its like sid meirs civilisation crossed with an age of empires feelonly irritating thing i cant seem to get past is the difficulty, even on beginners you get floored easily, my fleets could have 4x better stats for weapons and armour than the enemy but every time my 8 ships or so are destroyed by a single medium hull ship"
76561198101845092,Recommended,226860,20882566,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,eddy1038,I enjoyed it good way to blow a day away.
76561198019347100,Recommended,226860,20885489,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,TheGrapest,"7 out of 7! Highly recommend this game to anyone that loves to build galatic empires, run political moves, or planetary genocide!"
,Recommended,226860,21223577,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,pengbuster,"Amazing game, love the fact how you are able to design your own races and ships and actually use them in game, I wish you were also able to make starbase designs too."
76561198035844039,Recommended,226860,21270100,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mesa,"Grinding my way through the first level of the campaign.  Perhaps I was supposed to attack agressively at the begining of the mission, instead of waiting to build up my planets.  Almost as addictive as Gal Civ II."
76561198032587920,Recommended,226860,21185365,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,kenneth.steinhovden,For the people that like these types of games this is great. Sandbox all the way. But you have to be a fan.
76561198056682679,Recommended,226860,21182354,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,rene.perron,Great game
76561198009934861,Recommended,226860,21181905,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Slick,"Great game, a great improvement on Galciv2 (which was amazing) i highly recommended"
76561198031302643,Recommended,226860,21183112,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,gandof,"same game as before, the battle view really sucks, and you can't auto regen new map in the begining, but over all ok sorta glitchy"
76561198006887467,Recommended,226860,21260372,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,rwmalone2,AWESOME GAME!
76561198115788753,Recommended,226860,21264618,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,obxluckysunday,Great Game.
76561198008860756,Recommended,226860,21265168,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,CritsMcGee,Makes Civ look silly. Best Space Sim game ever. Period.
76561198157820039,Recommended,226860,21188070,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,mlieber721,Amazing game. Love it
76561198001069900,Recommended,226860,21164490,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Dividedsky,Neat!
,Recommended,226860,21165468,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Baron Von Boyce,"If you like turn based strategy games, you might find this crack-worthy. The cosmetic customization in the ship designer is insane, there's nothing better than running around late game with a fleet of star destroyers right out of Star Wars."
76561198020865118,Recommended,226860,21135480,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,bear549,grteat game !
76561198108376939,Recommended,226860,21196886,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,jonathanadsit,"Excellent game, Gameplay is simple yet so versetile. I would love to see more DLC for this game. The precursor worlds DLC was well worth it. I would also like to see more backstories to planets and more possibilities."
76561198050352270,Recommended,226860,21163032,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Glaeton,Pretty fun game lots of sttention to all aspects only can say it gets laggy o n insane sized maps and i have a pretty powerful rig. some minor glitches too to trading.
76561198034465295,Recommended,226860,21138207,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Mortae Presidentae,The Game is Challenging
,Not Recommended,226860,21138300,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Mountsorrel,"If this game looks appealing to you as a 4X game with empire management, and in-depth tech tree and a ship builder then buy Space Empires V instead. It came out in 2006, costs less than $5 and it 100 times better than this game will ever be."
76561197993366384,Recommended,226860,21153322,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Stealknight,Excellent!
76561198192293790,Recommended,226860,21155837,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,clifford.mckenney,"I love turn base stratigies and the Si-Fi space setting and have been looking for a game like this since the first Masters of Orion. I Love the planet managment and ship design the most. It is also great to get ideas from the comunity. I only wish you had more control over the battles. 4 our of 5 stars,"
76561198018634851,Recommended,226860,21157499,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ionathanphykes,More auto manage options might be good but other wise very strong game with great depth
76561198006906458,Recommended,226860,25526447,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,ThePoonDoctor,"Building superships or perfectly-shaped counterfleets by exercising a little bit of creative control and taking advantage of a little bit of prerogative with research direction is satisfying. Managing Min/maxing of planets (with a little bit of diplomacy) for research or production is satisfying, if crude.Unrealistic/unconvincing/half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥implementation of culture is either too much or too little, depending on your want, although it might be well implemented from the pure-gamer's point of view.The Story and human-interest aspects are tantalisingly half-baked. The whole malevolent/pragmatic/benevolent thing is a great idea and nicely phrased, but it is annoying because while it is hard to ♥♥♥♥ up 'malevolent', the 'pragmatic' ideas are always obviously short on data or philosophy, and 'benevolent' is just too contextual to ever make sense.I recommend this game, with the caveat that I have not exhaustively reviewed 4x games and it may not be the best of its generation. It does not have the best graphics - zooming in does not give you butterflies, and may be a bummer for people who can't understand why eyecandy development has hit a fault-block in the geology of gaming history."
76561198031188368,Recommended,226860,25518857,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,intervigilium,"While interesting and compelling in many ways I found the game difficult to learn post expansions, a totorial that was a bit more walkthrough of topics would have sufficiently eased this issue."
76561198059726695,Recommended,226860,25537345,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,mcdowell_j,"Game crashes frequently during multiplayer, even with just a few races.  Cannot use larger map settings."
76561197962020625,Recommended,226860,25535991,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Dr.Evil,"Well with 300+ hours in game, I think I can safely say it is a well designed game that really built upon GC2 the campaigns are well thought out -  the only downside I can see is the game does get stale playing on a insane sized map as the terrans I just run around with groups of 7 Huge High capacity carriers or 12 of the smaller Large Carriers ( I always wanted to say that conundrum in a sentence HAHA! smaller LARGE still tickles me)  and vomit assault fighters every battle and win but still I keep playing and enjoying myself :) great way to kill of an hour or so at a time - also havent tried the other races yet and the modding community is EXTENSIVE! which is a HUGE HUGE plus"
76561197973376656,Not Recommended,226860,25664672,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Paragon Shepard,"Rating:  6/10The Pros:  Turn Based so you can think out strategies.  The HUDS for various tech and overview allow for fast assessment of the situation.  You can micromanage your little heart out!The Cons:  The game still seems to be missing a lot.  Lack of tutorials and websites that give meaningful information about the function of each item.  Having to read through forums to find out about the mechanics of starbases is tedious.  The tech screen is useless they should just drop it and use solely the tech tree which lays out progession much more efficiently.  Ship battle mechanics is just a straight line function.  Nothing really hints at strategy just raw firepower and defense calculating in the background.  Most of the time you are in overview so the game doesnt really need to be in 3D at all.  Battles are way more boring than say sins of a solar empire or star wars empire at war.  Lastly for now is attack seems way to easy and defense isnt high enough.  It would be easy to be rushed early on in a game by just a few frigates bypassing your starbases.Summary:  This is almost a turn based version of sins of a solar empire.  It's slow, hard to learn, and a very time consuming game.  Also the campaign is super short, like 3 episodes long and its done.  There really isnt much of a story.  go play star control 2 for free.  I do like the turned based idea which means you can get really complex like this.  But honestly theres a lot of tech and things you wont be using because the same basic rules of rush attacks apply."
76561198022234313,Recommended,226860,25611924,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Rodel Ituralde,"Although there's a few features missing that could easily make this game better than it is now, having bought it on sale, I would recommend it, but not at full price."
,Recommended,226860,25590780,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Terralax,A fun and challenging game. It always pays to be paranoid and keeping ai opponents on side is a constant priority
76561198099233036,Recommended,226860,25811405,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,DaFlyingCorgi,Its like civ but in space and I personally like it
76561198029936369,Not Recommended,226860,23550313,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,dek123456,"the game crashes a bit in multiplayer if the devs can work on that the game would be great(update)the devs have yet to work on the crashes and with one of the last updates messed it up even more and now they have DLC out, i have one thing to say FIX YOUR GAME!"
,Recommended,226860,25731245,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,kcfreels,Like Civ with spaceships. Fun game. Lots of depth.
76561197996612798,Recommended,226860,25733076,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,KepperSeven7,"A fun modernized version of gal civ 2, but its pretty broken. Long games crash and cannot be continued, which sort of wrecks the experience. Buy it on sale if you're a civ fan."
76561198047897705,Recommended,226860,25879291,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Aquar,Took a little while to figure out but worth the time and quite the strategy game. I do wish that it started with more of the original races instead of having to get all their expansion packs.
76561198043867223,Recommended,226860,25879351,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,eagle1blue,I enjoy playing this game.  I play more on this game than others I have.
76561198030216646,Recommended,226860,25911022,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,gaming_ogre,"I bought this game when it came out and it was nearly unplayable. I recently bought the DLC and tried it again. Finally we have a game worth playing. I can finally recomment this game, just don't forget all the DLC that it needs."
76561198245720040,Recommended,226860,25911744,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Rogan070,"Great game so far, but could use a few improvements."
76561198150367411,Recommended,226860,25906118,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DarklordNihlus,Love this game and the series a whole. wish you guys didnt make me pay for every individual tiny little DLC. But I guess i can pay it since i love this game so much.
76561197965527116,Recommended,226860,25806169,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,michael.devonald,"The game is very good and I have been playing this version since it was a beta. However GC III  has a bug that makes playing it beyond a certain level impossible and this is the ""Stuck whilst waiting for a turn to complete"" bug. Im not sure if this is caused by the Mercenaries pack that I recenly purchased or a recent update but it means that after a considerable time playing the game, I am unable to continue to the bext turn. In essence playing the game becomes pointless."
76561198203105370,Recommended,226860,25897910,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,TCB221,"Overall a good game.  There are a few things that are pointless complications.  No tactical combat control is a big problem when you design ships with long range weapons and the AI insists on having those ship close in as fast as they can.Also, the planet tiles are pointless.  Some random landmass with hexes on it that are usable but others that not.  Why can each terraform tech only be used on 1 tile?  if it works in 1 place, why not another?If the goal is to have limited structures on a planet, fine, just lose the whole tile thing were buildings need to be next to each other for maximum effect.Why does every AI like to go to war for no reason when they can't even reach me?Upgrading ships is far too costly as well.Don't get me wrong, the game is freaking addictive, but there are things that don't or take away from game play and I don't see how they enhance anything.Tactical combat control is needed.  The AI hasn't a clue what it is doing."
76561198032781028,Recommended,226860,18384356,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Rastro,"A great game, I only have a few problems with it; the United Planets interface is funky and incomplete, and a bit glitch. The govern/economy section is harder to manage compared to GalCiv 2, but it is more efficient. I just suck at color wheel-type things lol.I just love this game. I love the race creator, I love the unique storylines and interactions, and I love the new Ideology system especially. I've played this game for a LONG time (over 200 hour in GalCiv 3 alone) and I expect to be playing it for a long time to come.It can feel a bit boring on smaller maps, but just up the size in my experience. Couple this with abundant habitable planets and youre fighting for new colonies for centuries."
76561198013955014,Recommended,226860,25959996,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Sagetim,"If you've played Gal Civ 2, then Gal Civ 3 is familiar but different. Not all of these changes are good or bad, just a different way of doing things than you might have grown accustomed to. Drama about dlc this, dlc that, price or any other little thing that has basically nothing to do with the actual gameplay aside, it's a fun game. IF you like space 4x games, you Can have fun with this game. It is within the realm of possibility. That's not a guarantee that you Will have fun. I'm not the fun police. There are certainly little and not so little things in this game that you could potentially get fixated on that might ruin the experience for you. But the potential for fun is there.If you are unsure about spending money on the game, wait for a steam sale. It will happen eventually. The steam sale comes to all games. And while you might not be willing to drop full price on this to see if you like it or not (you probably won't have a good idea about the game with only 2 hours into it after all) buy it when it is at a price you are comfortable parting with. Watch let's plays to see if it's in the style of game you like.As for me, I've spent 10 hours straight playing the game only to look at the time and realize how much had passed. It engages me, it has elements within it that I find fun. It has enough going on to keep me busy without having so much going on that I feel completely overwhelmed. That's the advantage of a turn based game, you can take your time on each turn if and when you need to."
76561198040647579,Recommended,226860,24362314,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Household 5,"Great game, lots of customizability."
76561198025362469,Recommended,226860,24271260,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,trooperlee79,Great game. Lots of variety
76561198025472785,Recommended,226860,24289198,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,comatosedragon,"More replayable than any other TBS game I know of.Brilliant UI (options and functionaly); this is something usually lacking in these types of games!Beautifuly optimized, runs extremely well."
76561198048029001,Recommended,226860,24289512,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ridilyn,Good game. Lots of fun. A tremendous time sink. Since I'm bed ridden recovering from a car accident  its perfect since I have no twitch reflexes atm.
76561198310166187,Recommended,226860,24291107,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ajcarter626,"Really fun game. A huge time sink, but most of these types of games are. Very detailed technology trees and also rewards different playstayles fairly well. My only gripe with the game is that the combat between starships is AI controlled, but given the type of game the combat was not the main focus.9/10. Got this game on an impulse after trying out and loving the board game twilight imperium, and while the two are very different in terms of playing with other people... the feel is about the same!"
,Recommended,226860,24260998,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,K4R4MB1T,"After playing Galactic civilizations 2 dread lords, I can honestly say that this is a huge improvement from what the other game was. The only problems I have are that you are going to need a beefy gaming computer, I have a laptop and the game lags, but not too badly. This improvement could be easily done and that is that you can't rotate the ship when you are designing it, as well as it takes away the custom color design for the ships. You only have certain options on what the ship is color coded wise but you can change the materials on the ship such as gold, hex, camo, and much more. 9/10 if you are into civilization type games."
76561198013688222,Recommended,226860,24264943,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mizzick,"Not a huge difference from the last GalCiv I played. Still a good game, but could be gooderer. Heheh. Buy it if you like galCiv."
76561198040133519,Recommended,226860,24268181,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,mhubbard2695,"The only problem is the Bazaar, it needs taken out.. soon as it pops up, the game cannot catch up with itself, it lags out, the bazaar has a programming incompatiblity to it, it really dont need to be there anyhow.."
76561198236008442,Recommended,226860,24307587,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,iiiiprodutionsinc,"I am a fan of Stardock.Galactic Civilizations III is a decent 4x game.I like the Tech tree, I do wish that their was an easier way to modify ships. They seem to only be capable of specialization due to which ever tech tree is currently highest.In game events add a bit of spice as you sim city the first 24 turnsThe AI is a bit easy in that they sit and wait for you to come and attack.The Steam works feature in which you can build or subscribe (download) to mods and skins of new in game (playable) civs is very choice.For my point of view, my top 4x/ 2x favs are Birth of the Federation, Sins of a Solar Empire, Civilization (2,3, etc), Rome Total war 1 & 2, Show Gun 2.To each their own, try before you buy if you can (ask a friend)Very happy that 4x seems to be on the rise again."
76561198024598611,Recommended,226860,23454231,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Scottunited,Awesome game!!  Better in many ways than GC2!  The only things I dislike are:1.  That there is no way to rotate ships when you are designing them like there was in GC2.2.  You can't pan around the minimap like in CG2.
76561198031388586,Recommended,226860,23456831,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,bulnar,Love the Game payed when it first came out . The only problem I see with it is I cannot keep up with the Ai . IE Im building taking plantets exploring ext .And eventually Ill run into another civ. And for some reason I am allways was underpowered . I dont understand how the other races allways have a bigger fleet than me and more planets . I quess I have not found a balance point yet . Hope I find it soon because its not fun working on a game for 3-4 hours only to find your way behind somehow .
76561198027190411,Recommended,226860,23458259,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,esm1001,"I would recommend this game.  If you liked Galciv 2 you would like this.  One thing I'd like to see is the ability to randomize the number of opponents and have the game keep it a secret.  I've only started one game, but setup told me who was out there.  I don't want to know; that's why I randomized it.Still learning the details, but I am enjoying the game."
76561198085090250,Recommended,226860,21794445,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Peliministeri,"One of my favourite 4X games.Only minus is that the only worthwhile ship designs are Snathi, Terran, Drengi and Iridium."
,Recommended,226860,14681900,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,|FG| A.K.A. KSCase |IOA|,"This is a complete update of the GCIII game:Galactic Civilizations 3 is an intensely in depth management and expansion game. You literally have to pay attention to every detail of management otherwise you will get seriously left behind by the AI. At this point in the game planetery collection and the building of Settler Ships is key early in the game. This means you have to build a lot of shipyards, and really crank out the surveyors (don't build scouts!) and colonizing ships early! Don't worry about your opponents, as this is what they ar doing as well. Try to maintain at least a neutral standing with your opponents for as long as you can. And then once you have your fleets built up and can mass produce a lot of attackers, let loose! All in all this is what a civ game should be!Cons:- Game Pace. After about the first 5 or six rounds of setup, you spend 15-20 just clicking the ""Turn"" button until that next boost gets build/researched. Then you spend a round or two implementing it and you're back to clicking that ""turn"" button. This can get pretty repetitive for the first 30-45 minutes of the game and turn a lot of people off. In essence, if you are looking for a Sins of the Solar Empire type game where your management controls the pace of the game, don't come looking here.Pros:- Ship Customization: As promised by the Devs you can design and build your own ships. This gives you the ability to design that ultimate gunboat, or master capital starship of doom you always wanted to see. With over 100 different parts, that can be attached and resized as you see fit, you can create some pretty interesting ships. However the ship creation is restricted to race, and research. If you try creating a ship early game it will be woefully fragile, you cannot design a ship to build later in game when you hit the appropriate research levels, only at the levels you have achieved. Still a plus because you aren't stuck with a pre-generated series of ships. The developers also added in special resources that allow you to significantly increase the power of your early ships, albiet at a much longer build time cost.- Map Customization: The capability of customizing your galactic map to make it as easy/hard as you want is nice. The ability to create an insanely sized galaxy swarming with planets and stars, or a tiny galaxy that is starved for resources make the replayability of this game immense.- Race uniqueness: Each races has its strengths and weaknesses. Each has its own play style that you have to adapt as a player to... One strategy won't work here. If you don't like the races offered then BUILD YOUR OWN! Yes, you can create a custom race (that will be available for any new game you create afterwards!) and give it its own strengths and weaknesses!- Graphics: As per all Stardock space management games the graphics are pretty awe inspiring. Zoom in to the point where you are looking at a single ship in and entire fleet, or zoom out until you can see half the galaxy. The cut scenes are short but awesome. The different races are all masterully rendered. Stardock doesn't skimp on the graphics and art, and this game shows it.- Developer interaction and support: The devs of this game have spent a lot of time and energy fixing the vast majority of bugs and balance issues. And are still doing so!- Workshop: The fully integrated workshop content, as well as the ability to do things yourself make this games replayability beyond compare.Recomendation Level: 8.9/10Stardock has been hard at work on this game, making it less resource intensive on your system. An insane galaxy still eats a LOT of resources, and are only recommended for the most powerful of gaming systems, though the Devs are trying to reduce the resources needed to run one. As almost all of the original issues that dropped this game below expectations have been resolved I'm changing my review to ""Highly Recommended""Rating levels:1-2: DO NOT PLAY THIS; 3-7: If you're really into this type of game, buy it, but wait until it is on sale; 7-9: If this is your cup of tea, then by all means buy it! If not, then you might want to try it out just to see if you like it or not.; 10 - I don't care who you are, or what type of game you like, this one will blow your mind!"
76561198031281986,Recommended,226860,23452782,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,CedarRanger,"This is really an amazing game with a lot of potential.   I have a long history of playing the Civilization series, but this is my first time getting into Galactic Civilization.   I find this game more enjoyable than Civilization, even though I like that as well.        They have made a fair selection of factions to choose from, but they have made it easy to design your own factions and to download a huge list of factions and other customizable things from the workshop.  THat is really awesome.     Of course good selection for designing ships as well, and choosing many different strategies.     I would rate this game 5/5 stars.  And it is really fun.   But, that being said, is there anything that could make it better?Well, this game, like Civilization, takes a long time to get through a game.   You can make adjustments to make it quicker or longer though, but still it is going to take a lot of sessions usually to complete a game.     Maybe we should have options for really quick matches that could be completed in 1-2 hours.The galactic maps are completely 2D, but do have a background to make it appear more 3D.   It would be better to have more of a 3D option in the maps, since space is 3D in real life.There are no controls or options when you are in a battle, but they could add that feature to have a bit of strategy put into the battle -- such as different attack strategy or retreat options.Since there is a lot that is customizable, what about having more things customizable - customizable buildings, etc?Military starbases should have benefits for the nearby zone, such as automatic ranged attack.I think they should take the wormholes to the next level.   One, they could have two-way wormholes which stay there.  Secondly, they should have spaceships you can build which have the power to create a two-way wormhole.   In real life, this could be theoretically possible in the future (using exotic matter) why not make it possible in the game now?     We could have ""exotic matter"" be a resource you can find, and this is a resource required for wormhole creating ships.Finally, we should have the option to have more than one galaxy in the game with wormholes connecting them, or you have to create a wormhole to connect the galaxies.So yes, there are some things that they can improve on and I hope they do.  But even as it is, I really like this game. It is excellent.  I highly recommend this game."
76561198069924337,Recommended,226860,23462468,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,mark,"Like the new graphics and the game play,  interesting changes from V2 with the ideology, the research and the mining variations.  Would like to see research tree, though.  Battles are all automated.  No automated survey and exploration capabilities."
76561198061507592,Recommended,226860,23464673,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Zynek,"I´ve played Galactic Civilizations as youngling and this folowup met my expactations.+ Micrograment is great, from politics over managing planets to creation of your own spaceships to thrive in battle. It works.+ Make your own race /  Dominate the galaxy / Repeat+ Many events spices up the game- Battles could use a little more love- There is a lot to learn and the tutorial is poor, explanation of some technologies or how to use them is sometimes even missing and GC wiki doesnt help you with that8.5/10"
76561198130528054,Recommended,226860,23459032,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,JSZUDY49,It is a good game. However the instructions are not detail enough to bring you up to speed concerning the many options there are. You waste a lot of time finding out the hard way what those options are.
76561198030758911,Recommended,226860,23468278,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,ahaberle,"For those that like the resource/research/manage games (and I am one who does), this will provide hours of entertainment.  It has only minor changes from previous versions, but is just as addictive.  Be prepared to spend hours and hours for the little endorphin kcks it will give you.Overall, I do recommend the game, though I had hoped for more evolution in it from previous versions."
76561198096325571,Recommended,226860,23524845,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Duke Ramza,"Great game, if you like Praxis' Civilization then you will love this one because its better.WAY more customization,WAY more thourough diplomacyand the AI actually are smart who get stronger and fight not just you but everyone9/10"
76561198013676546,Recommended,226860,30802559,Posted: 28 March,all,Eonarm,I've been playing Galactic Civ for seems like decades. I have lost an incredible amount of life playing it and I enjoyed every minute of it.
76561198071428710,Recommended,226860,18867660,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,caladoon,"The empire building is very good but the combat is sadly lacking, the player has no role in it other than building the ships.A flee mode would be good, as the non-combat ships would not try to engage in combat.This is a good 4X game, visually pleasing and challenging to play"
76561198125381803,Recommended,226860,23687433,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,prodiluvian1987,"Not going to lie, the learning curve to this game was, for me, one of the hardest I have ever dealt with. However once I did some reaserch and stuck to it I am have loads of fun. (Still playing oin medium ;p) The ship creation tools and player created mods are awesome! The AI dynamics are a little tricky to work around (i am the first thing anyone declares war on) but not totaly unmanageable. All in all I am liking it and haveing fun."
76561197973597097,Recommended,226860,23644782,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,adder,"Many have said this is Galactic Civilizations II with slightly better graphics, and that the campaign is an afterthought. There's some truth to this, except... I'm really enjoying the shipyard and starbase mechanics. Combined with the weapons re-balance, it feels like the game has a faster start, and I have a better capacity to rush AIs if that's what I want to do. Even before you get planetary invasion, there are ways to mess with opponents, and they managed to add that without ruining the beginning of game colony sprint. And once you get past the early game, it's still fun: always a challenge for 4x games. All the micro management I love is still there, and the micromanagement I hate is mostly gone, or automatable.True, as in a lot of stardock games, the campaign is a joke - the game is about the random map generation.But overall, worth buying, especially on sale, if you like a well-designed space 4x game."
76561198007079115,Recommended,226860,23685253,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,andbruu,"I like the depth of the game, even though much of it is not explained, and require some google-foo and/or trail and error."
76561198078904228,Recommended,226860,24103342,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Bausfish,Like civ but in spaaaaceeeeee
76561198304037248,Recommended,226860,24103364,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jimbay,"Never played the first two, but this one is pretty tight."
76561197997723131,Recommended,226860,24130367,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Spike,While it's a break from previous games in terms of colonising the updated morality system is quite intuitive and once you get the hang of the colonies it plays very smoothly
76561198023928198,Recommended,226860,24128881,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Wesxander,"The game with all the DLC is quite good. There are some bugs still in game such as having to find the idle ship holding up turn count updates. I particularly like that there is wide range of steam custom ship available for use in the game. There is good selection of Battlestar ships, Star Trek, and Babylon 5 along with other favorites as well. The ability to build custom races is very good.  The diplomacy AI is still pretty low but with a few more tweaks this could easily become the ""Master of Orion fix many are constantly looking for"".  It seems one Sci Fi 4x4 game company has learned to not destroy what worked in earlier games for them."
,Recommended,226860,24098520,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nadeshiko,I like it.
76561197988505733,Recommended,226860,24100712,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Misere,Really good game. Takes be back to Masters of Orian days. Used the web wiki to work out stuff. as I think they need to fleash out the in game info and have game help. For instance how to mine roids or build larger ships. Still not certain on the first one and the second requires zero g construction but I was seraching for ship size and not getting any hits. Still worth buying and playing.
76561198030419518,Recommended,226860,23966929,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,FuZ,"Love a lot of things about this game, and will eventually make a review for it.this is a general review of how I feel about the product as a whole.Overall very happy with the game itself. Each civ you encounter feels very unique in their own way and interactions with them are very diverse. Developing ships is a lot of fun and very in depth, and overall I'd say game play options are great. My main complaint is the amount of micro dlc this game has. ."
76561198055372961,Not Recommended,226860,23780215,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mick,"Always crashes, difficult to understand tech tree"
76561198082578757,Recommended,226860,24119867,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,JTGotrokz,Good game would recomend.
76561198025309305,Recommended,226860,24173289,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Rogal Dorn,"Its like Civ 5 in space, but combat isnt cancer. Create your own ships and races and cheese your way to ruling the galaxy or just ally with everyone and win like a coward.Totally not making this review because the game asked me to.8/10 Every race hates me so I killed them all"
,Recommended,226860,25539926,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Fulgrymm,The campaign is short and ends on a cliffhanger. But the gameplay itself is a marked improvement over that of GalCiv II.
76561198214712724,Recommended,226860,25556863,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,wadehf,"A little slow to start with but once you get into it, it's quite entertaining. Good for Sci-fi fans who like turn-based strategy games."
76561198055355312,Recommended,226860,25556878,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,dirk,"Great game, and turn based makes it easy to play for short stretches"
76561198259698585,Recommended,226860,25244249,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Marvel97go,"Better then Civ Beyond Earth, Galactic Civilization III has great faction and ship customization as well as clever random events in it. Due to recent patches the game has gotten better and I hope the patches continue.  I would say try this game out if its ever on sale."
76561198006616340,Recommended,226860,25730227,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,lone_sniper_1980,a very good game!!!
76561197996397812,Recommended,226860,15735300,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,BAH!,"Very fun game, brings back everything I loved about the first two games, but refines the model. Still fairly buggy though. Crashes maybe 1 out of every 6 times I open the game, and likes to freeze every few planetary invasions."
,Recommended,226860,11706085,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,OmegaXIII,"Update 5/5/15As of the Beta 6, i can recomend the game, everything is in place, plays well, aside from a few wrinkles(exploration ships are idiotic and fly in circles), but i can recommend the game as is."
76561198008785518,Recommended,226860,16178587,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Militia,"This game is great when it works. I crash at least twice an hour. I got to a certain point in one game, and every time I load it, a few seconds later I crash. It's unplayable. I've tried changing from fullscreen to windowed, to different resolutions, graphics settings, etc. I am at the latest drivers for everything (I use driver booster, trust me). The game itself is great. I just can't actually play the freaking game! Incredibly annoying.EDIT 6/11/2015They fixed it rather quickly. Thanks guys."
,Recommended,226860,14367616,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Doffy,"Galactic Civilizations III is one of the best games of its type. It's what Civ: Beyond Earth should have been, and while not all of the features are implemented it's already worth the asking price."
,Recommended,226860,14432503,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Loner,"Amazing so far, I am loving the way this is going!"
,Recommended,226860,14307258,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,bee,"*pre release review: It's fun, but there are definitely some things that are missing from the game. After playing a few multiplayer games with friends and a couple solo missions, the thing I am missing most is the sense of urgency. First couple hundred turns go by super slowly. AI from what I saw rarely engaged me in open conflict first. Game also crashed once or twice, but again, this is still in beta."
,Recommended,226860,14307917,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,voidster,"As with all betas, there are a few bugs, and lockups. Each patch, which seems to be monthy, we get more features, fixed bugs and, lol, more crashes n bugs. However, the game itself is staring to look and feel like a good GC3. Stardock hasnt let us down in the past and i have faith in the developer."
76561197972027080,Recommended,226860,14074971,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ZombieGylvan,This game is awesome.
76561198007431220,Recommended,226860,13962177,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,trevize010,"I bought this as a Beta test, knowing there would be problems. I like the gameplay and the implied sophistication at the higher levels once one gets there. I can see the linkage to GalCiv2 in the gameplay and the knowledge backbone.The only gameplay problem I am experiencing is that when I am playing Huge galaxies, at some point the game will lock up in a loop of some sort and prevent any sort of continuing play. I still have the ability to use Ctrl/Alt/Del to get out and se Task Manager to kill the the game to stop it. I don't know if it is the game or the machine, which admittedly is not the greatest.Is there also some way to slow down the turns in the various Ages? So one could stay in them longer?"
,Recommended,226860,14104400,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Chase,"As a massive fan of the series, this new game works upon it's predecessors core features and brings them with new and up to date technology. Currently the game is slightly unstable, but you can still spend hours of time sucked into the game. I'd recommending waiting until the game is actually released to buy, unless you couldn't wait, like myself.8/10"
,Recommended,226860,21012529,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Fjall,"One of the best games I have played since skyrim, combining the best things that I have loved from old RTS and throwing in a turnbased twist of awesome, First time playing the Galactic Civilizations series, but it was awesome and amazing, I seriously recommend this game to anyone who even looks at it. Awesome sauce on a bun never tasted better."
76561197990668722,Recommended,226860,21015730,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Baron S,"Are you a vet?  Then you will do well.  If not.  Be prepared to die... again and again.  Until you either find a useful guide or you have that eureuka moment!If you are like me - old, senile, and can't recall Gal Civ II other than remembering it was ""fun!""...Well it'll take a couple missteps and then will feel like an old glove with even more options but really the same old hat.Do you want this game?  Well it you want an epic journey that lasts 50+ hours of clicking and hitting keys... this is the game for you.  If you prefer hitting ABABSelectStart... go find an old Nintendo."
,Recommended,226860,20948887,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Rashek,A little buggy but a good fun game playing with friends.
,Recommended,226860,21019704,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Tel,"engaging, hours of fun."
76561197999369594,Recommended,226860,21009338,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ouifour,"I have been waiting for a great 4X space stategy game other than Master of Orion 2 that I can play for hours on end without getting bored.  This is it.  While the game has a few glitches and a few concepts that I hope will be added soon (spying and some control over the space battles), I think everything else about the game is really fun and creative.  I especially enjoy designing ships, choosing an ideology, and micromanaging.  That is right, this game's micromanagement is actually enjoyable.  Overall, I highly recommend it."
76561198049989086,Recommended,226860,20822796,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Beaker B,"Just to be clear i gave this game the thumbs up becuase a I love playing it, but i do not recoomend this game. It is HARD and freakin complicated with more layers to it then ive seen in any other game. So far playin it is the most fun i've had while playing a 4x but it is also aggrivating as hell. this game will hook you if you start playin it and youll love and hate it at the same time buyer beware"
76561198049429039,Recommended,226860,20985314,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dragonass13,"There is alot going on. I played real easy to get a grasp on everything, still learning♥♥♥♥♥♥..love games like this tho."
76561198005886618,Recommended,226860,21027265,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,darksilents,it not bad i enjoy playing this game
76561197996175928,Recommended,226860,20838408,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Evokerist,Having owned Gal Civ II with the expansions I knew the strong reputation of Stardock. Gameplay is as you'd expect for a 4x turn based strategy game. Graphics are a great addition if you have the machine to run max.What would I change?  I'd like to be able to alter the number of planets in a cluster and what their starting worth were as an easy option.
76561197993489389,Recommended,226860,20771909,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Kerzack <AGONY>,As of patch 1.5 this game is definitely recommended.   Lots of fun.
76561198261892218,Not Recommended,226860,20775627,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Fozzy The Fuher,it highly decieves its previews and becomes a boring game as soon as you get past the main menu
76561198042114705,Recommended,226860,20778092,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,PHANTOMSP104,A worthy sequal in most respects. Three steps forward and one step back. If you played the previous games a few things will annoy you but overall a good game
76561198030737383,Recommended,226860,20778306,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,hawglover,"so far, I like this game.  However the first time I had a space battle and the only 2 options were ""view battle"" and ""quick battle"", I was VERY disappointed that I could not control my ships that I had worked so hard to design.  I KNOW I could control them better than the stupid computer.  I would be absolutely thrilled if this game had even simple turnbased combat similar to sid meiers starships or real time combat similar to sword of the stars 1. Something, anything...  The ship design seems completely worthless without the tactical control.  Maybe its just me."
76561198089490995,Recommended,226860,20776306,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,kaytonie,like it
76561198051402883,Recommended,226860,20833185,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,dborl23876,This is a great improvement on GC II. The only drawback is that it is slow when playing with the larger sized galaxies. But I do like the interfacing with the characters. The minor civilizations have a better interface and can make a difference when playing a close fight with the larger civilizations.
76561197993245171,Recommended,226860,20799296,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,jeapope,So far so good.  Pretty good for a 4x Space Colonization game.  I was wondering if there was plans for a technology in the tech tree for a complete terraform of a planet like converting a frozen planet into a earth like atomsphere.  the current tile here and there is kind of annoying.
76561198274060245,Recommended,226860,20821289,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,cthorlhu1,"I've actually been waiting years for a game like this as a fan of Sid Meiers Civ games. I love how customizable it is and that you can create your own races and whatnot and even upload your own artwork, I could go crazy with that sort of thing. I cant really get into the backstory for the game but the game itself is awesome in my opinion."
76561198010523807,Not Recommended,226860,20735082,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,thenewearthbh,"Very little in the way of combat or excitement so if you're looking for that, I wouldn't choose this game. However, if you're into economics, diplomacy and a wider-range sort of game play, this may be up your alley. As for me, however, I felt like the game could have been a whole lot more. I don't know about you, but I don't like the idea of just watching space battles take place - I want to lead them. And unless I was missing something, I don't think there's a way to do that. I thought I'd give a fair warning."
76561198178865482,Recommended,226860,20820883,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,davidjlbrownca66,I find the game is a bit buggy when it starts up and the tech tree takes a lot longer to research in game thatn in galactic civilizations 2 however the graphics are a lot better and the game play although it seems to be reasonaby player friendly is a challenge to adjust to from galactic civilizations 2. Over all my experience has been prety good so far but only time will tell in the long run. i would rate the game a 3.5 star out of 5 stars at this time.
76561198076428547,Recommended,226860,20826900,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Shadow Fox,I highly recommend this game for anyone who enjoys turn based strategy games.  In my opinion what has made this series so successful is the gradual changes largely directed by the playerbase.  I have purchased every Galactic Civilzation game Stardock has made and I believe I will continue to do so in the future.
76561198215651181,Recommended,226860,20943572,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,DA$$$$,Great Game. Very hard at first. Once you figure it out and get used to it (which will take awhile) The game is amazing.
76561197975232725,Recommended,226860,20940833,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Opa,"Although it not complete yet, this is a very nice game. If you're into micromanaging an intergalactic empire, this is the game for you.PROS:Massive galaxies to exploreVery cool space battlesVarious races (+ custom races) make the game lastShip customizationCONS:Crashes my PC sometimesStill needs polishing (Diplomatic victory too easy)The exploration of artifacts etc. gets trivialIf you like Sid Meier's Civilization, but think it's too easy, buy this game."
,Recommended,226860,20983938,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Fire4Affect,Love this game. If yopu like building an interplantary empire and crushing your enemies this is your game. Needs a longer single player campaign. Great game otherwise.
76561197977187745,Recommended,226860,21024370,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Windrider,"Hard to beat and keeps you coming back for more. Requires good strategy just to not get annihalated, to win is going to require some serious work. I refuse to drop the difficulty level and have been enjoying seeing how my different tactics play out."
76561198006834521,Recommended,226860,21043830,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,megaberkebob,"A fun game that emphasizes ship building a lot more than GalCiv III.  I am still trying to figure out how the different financial and building models work, but I have a lot of patience with 4X games.  The one problem I have had is several game crashes when playing in an insane sized universe after I've gotten pretty far along - the game just goes away.  I can start another without a problem or pick up where I left off, but the game shouldn't crash like this."
76561198030751479,Recommended,226860,21040341,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,caleb_56_,Good game
76561198011484284,Recommended,226860,21068222,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,colinvandyck,"Extremely difficult, yet OH SO fun... i have lost many hours of my life to this game. No lie!"
76561198050307420,Recommended,226860,21063014,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,|Enduit|TheRealNiall,"Galactic Civilizations III is in a word, good.  It is an improvement upon Galciv II in many ways (which is what you always want from a sequel), however this experience is still sometimes marred with the occasional bug, or lack of polishFor those that have never played a Galciv game before, let me give a brief overview.For starters it is a 4X game (Explore, Expand, Exploit and Exterminate).  This means that like many 4X games you will be creating an empire from, the ground up, researching new technology, making alliances and enemies and eventually destroying those enemies some times.In many ways, this game resembles the popular Civilization franchise, however there are several key differences.1) this game is in space.  there are no hills, rivers, lakes or ""ideal"" city spots.  you cannot just create a colony where ever.  it has to be on several randomly generated (and varing in quality and appearance) planets.2) the colonies can specialise further than any city ever could.  There are planet wide bonuses to certain things, and due to limited space on a single planet, you have to choose carefully what you place down.  New to the series is the idea of ""adjacancy bonuses"" which work similar to Xcom, in which there more buildings of a similar type you put down, they all give each other bonuses3) you can create, design and upgrade your own personal ships.  Unlike in Civilization where you have stock units, and Endless Legend where you can ""upgrade"" units, in Galciv you literally design and build your own units from the ground up.4) Also unlike other 4X games, there is very little combat early on.  infact, rushing to combat usually means you lose.  Galciv takes the approach of ""we just got into space, we are not going to immediatly start strapping guns on things""as such, races are much more likely to develop alliances with you, and trade, which leads to an overall more peaceful and relaxing game.  Also, when war does come, it comes in force.5) Finally, the Ideology system works a bit like beyond earth, but more subtle while at the same time granting greater benifits.  You choose between Good, neutral and Evil essentially, and each tree has amazing benifits.  not only that, but you are not confined to one like in Civ:BE, as you can take perks from all 3 trees at any timeSo to wrap up this little intro for people new to the Galciv franchise, think of this game like Sid Meiers ""Starships"" if that game was actually good and interestingNow, for those who have played Galciv before, but are unsure about getting Galciv III.It is more than just the graphics that have been improved.  The ship creation kit is more in depth and advanced than ever before.  The Ideologies are actually quite interesting, and while not game changing they certeinly make it more fun.  Tech specialization, which is where you can choose 1/3 benifits for each tech (e.g. longer range laser or faster laser, less expensive components or less mass etc) adds a great deal of tactical thinking to the game, as it forces you to specalise your empire, although the other 2/3 techs can always be traded for.  The addition of strategic resources adds a bit of a resource grab in the beginning, and can allow for some really powerful ships (which is always fun)However, the Ai cheats like always at higher difficulties to dont expect any groundbreaking innovation there.There are also dozens of smaller changes, like rally point management or the ability to go to an empire screen and tell all ships empire wide of type a to upgrade to type b, or stop what they are doing and travel to point c is really handy.all in all, if you like 4X games, or the Galciv series, I suggest you pick up this game.  It may not be a 10/10 ign, but it is definetly one of my favourite games of the year"
76561198024784291,Recommended,226860,21094827,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Nairoda,"It's a great 4x game. I have the game and all the DLCs and after over 40 hrs of playing I am still coming to terms with the scope of it. My only criticism at this point is the game crashes and locks uo my PC in new ship designer, which means a reboot. And the manual doesn't give enough finer detail so you go to the forums, as suggested. 8 out of 10."
76561198035794918,Recommended,226860,21097731,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,tommyboy054,"I purposely waited to buy this game since the reviews had alluded to bugs and balancing issues. The wait was worth it; Stardock has put together and huge and challenging 4X. If turn based strategy is your posion, you won't be dissapointed."
76561198012887049,Recommended,226860,21384086,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,cas,Overall great game.... massive scale with hours of hours of play
76561198007371294,Recommended,226860,21379273,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,pallen_1812,Love it
,Recommended,226860,21370457,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,DarkLord7854,Awesome sequel
,Not Recommended,226860,21370597,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Stylin' Stalin,good for the first few hours of gameplay but lacks in content and variety. The tech tree mainly provides the player with upgrades for the currantly already existing techs. not very good in my opinion
76561197991472244,Recommended,226860,21370781,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sgt.Serge,"Great game, become really hard since the update but that is not a bad thing :)"
,Recommended,226860,21349286,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kuzurin,"Fun game, basically civ 5 in space with more customisation"
76561197974132557,Recommended,226860,22654286,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Ghost Runner81,Its a great game if you liked Gal civ 2 you will like this one.
76561197967476097,Recommended,226860,22649755,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Vance Avalon,"Like the GalCiv2, I love this game. The ease of management of your empire makes this a bit easier than the previous game."
76561198037851779,Recommended,226860,22669468,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,MauveRaptor,"Huge depth, wonderful combat and an active steam community as well good dlc's. Good being cheap and enhance the game in fun ways.  Not a game you can just pickup and play because of the complexity of the economy and research.  use the tutorial and you will be fine.ease of play 7/10fun once you learn 9/10replayability like 15/10: dlcs, new races and different maps make this game infinatly replayable assuming you like the basic 4x idea and like the game.all in all 9/10great for spending a whole day or two being playing at a time."
76561198031344124,Recommended,226860,22667737,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,talkingtim,"Cool and pleasant RTS game. Great atmosphere, challenging AI."
76561198042351546,Recommended,226860,22648342,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,transfer.proxi,These are Really good strategy campaigns with a lot of variabilities . Also normal level is too easy. And I think some ground battles on planets may improve impression of this game. Master of Orion sweet echo
76561198023026107,Not Recommended,226860,14746889,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Pycco,"+good graphics-choices in defense/weapons+the ship designer is epic- meh you watch ships fight and have no contorol over them in combat-the ai gets silly buffs to make it ""better"" even the single planet smaller races can out tech a empire with 10+ planets- diplomacy is about giving the ai things to make them like you+ map sizes and choices to modify the map to your liking+fast turn times-game has no soul, so much worse than GC2"
76561198035171433,Recommended,226860,22795322,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Jerbzilla,"If you are looking for a deep immersive game that takes some time to fully master then this is the ga,e for you!"
,Recommended,226860,20917747,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,jegerHC,Need AI improvements.
76561197990007898,Recommended,226860,20936111,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,WhiteHawk,"A good game similiar, but not quite the same to Sid Meier's Civilization. I have a lot of fun with this."
,Recommended,226860,20934173,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ggeorge5v,"fun to play but not much more than a graphics upgrade in my book, not that thats bad, im glad its basicly the same"
76561198042485237,Recommended,226860,20905906,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,marrikk,Great game.  Good replay ability.
76561198080575429,Recommended,226860,29831741,Posted: 10 February,all,Hillary Cage,"Im changing my review. They have brought out a patch that has fixed the problem. The problem they referred to as ""turn sticking"". I was happy that ""Islanddog"" messaged me back quickly however I had already checked Stardock forums and other forums. There was no fix. However the bug has been fixed and i love this game.First review:""I love this game except one simple problem: bugs. It is a game breaker. Dont buy the game. Uninstalled after 3 attempts at playing up too 300 turns just to find out i have to restart or cant do a critical move. They dont seem to care either. I have checked online for fixes. Nothing. They simply do not care."""
76561198030089971,Recommended,226860,20929417,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,j.starz,Great game always getting better 8/10
76561198021883071,Recommended,226860,20650424,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Jamite,The game is enjoyable to play. Good graphics. I like the varies of style for each race ships and stations.Good tech tree and diplomacy.  Only problem I have is at start of game is when selecting what ship & station style. I cant see what it look like until I start the game. Same thing for choosing color. I can see what color to choose from but cant see how it look on my ships until i start the game.  Otherwise it a great game.
76561197979495310,Recommended,226860,20782001,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Hekks,New to the 4X genre but like space and strategy so this game really caught my eye.As I bought this game blindfolded I had no expectations.But I Won the lottery this time. Maybe not the jackpot but anyways!I jumped over to the official site and read what has and will happen to the game and from what I saw this game will only get better and better!Having only played 14 hours i just can't wait for the expansion that comes out now in February! HYPED!A minor con: A little hard to get into the game. More hints/better tutorial would be appreciated. Though this is my first 4X game maybe it's only me.Luckily for me though i had a friend who taught me the basics and found some great guides on the web so now im fine. I guess :D!Reccommend the game! I think this game has got some negative votes it doesn't deserve.
,Recommended,226860,20905266,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,ookami007,"I have several hundred hours in this game and I've been following the Galactic Civilzation series since it's beginning.  I really enjoyed the first one but thought the second was lacking a bit.  The third really returns to the fun, flexible game play of the original and I've been having a blast."
76561198186102481,Recommended,226860,20791112,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,thed8472,Civ in Space.................... Do you need more?
76561198031965253,Recommended,226860,20760547,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,itsmrbacon,build diplomacy on non owned  worlds spy on worlds like in GCIIgood game so far
76561198099065071,Recommended,226860,20806896,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Emperor_Autismo,GG
76561197996976060,Recommended,226860,20875146,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,BenjiTheHunted,Quite fun.  A good addition to 4x games and a worthy successor to GalCiv II. I do think that some of the DLC ought to be included in the core game (galaxy events & map pack).  Although the other DLC is worth the extra price.  I realize that the publisher has pay the bills ... so I'm not too butthurt about it.
,Recommended,226860,20874579,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Demujen,"Great game, well worth the investment, I remember getting into the series with GalCiv II back in college. Computers will colonize planets ridiculously quickly and easily however so be advised you're either going to be constantly building colony ships on repeat or fall behind very quickly, even on tiny maps."
,Recommended,226860,20884781,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,VoS | FlagrantPilgrim,"Absolutely fantastic. I've been a fan of the game since GalCiv II, and this game is nothing but an improvement. After the disappointment that was Beyond Earth, I'm glad to have a good space 4x."
76561198007756653,Recommended,226860,21044527,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,wwjdifhewasreal,Great game.
,Recommended,226860,21078976,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Numure,"Great game, they improved from the second and the campaign was a lot of fun. I recommend this to any grand strategy game lover."
76561198008523501,Recommended,226860,21060684,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,browntl43,i enjpy the game but not very happy that they are chopping up the game like they are. i love the game but it needs a lot more improvements
76561198124969616,Recommended,226860,21065005,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,smo,Recommended if you like turn based 4x games.
76561198027063780,Not Recommended,226860,20727933,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Mangö[TC],"I had high expectations for Stardock after I got pulled in by Sins of a Solar Empire. I'm slightly disappointed with Galactic Civ 3...There are various small issues with rendering, floating text, odd animations, and other surface issues. It's a good game, but it's the details that make it a great game. Even with all the issues in the earliest versions of Sins, for instance, you could overlook everything because the game play was really engaging. Here, it wasn't engaging enough to overlook anything... no recommendations from me at this time, sorry guys :/"
76561197971077433,Recommended,226860,23460351,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Rooknz,"Great Game months of play.  10/10Watch youtube lets play first.Scout your enemy.I love the civ series, but had somehow overlooked this series.   I bought galciv 2 while back but didnt really play it.  When i bought this i decided to watch a youtube lets play, and thanks to that, i was sold.  I found it very challenging,   I am now totally hooked spend a lot of time designing my ships,   being a trekki fan was fun to create that style.  My first battles were terrible,  because i didnt really grasp the combat at first, and my first battle was my pride and joy 19 ships against 3 enemy, i thought a balanced aproache of sheilds, point defence and armour was a good choice, but the enemy 3 ships wiped out my fleet in not time.   after this i read up tactics.  NOW my fleet is tailored to the enemies tactics..  pays to scout your enemy out first."
76561198014859421,Recommended,226860,23265373,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Saint88mm,"It's like Civilization. But bigger. In space. With about 500 times more customization options. Seriously, if you like 4x games and don't own this game... Why?"
76561198019820781,Recommended,226860,23313509,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Homer J Gibson,"Enjoying this game so much forgetting to play others, lol.Would like to so the option to try to run away or withdraw from battles in space and in planetary invations could add a bit more realium to the game play.Apart from that a very good game."
76561197984548062,Recommended,226860,23314918,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,mglearnen,I was hoping for a great game when I bought this and it turns out it is.  It does have a bit of a learning curve and you definatly want to buy it with the expansions.  The campain mode gives a decent storyline but can get difficult quickly if you arent used to the game.  The mechanics are simular to civilization but with better customization.  The music score is one of the better ones I have heard in a while.
76561197995213081,Recommended,226860,23316028,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Stabbyn,"Having never played the previous Galactic Civilizations games I was hesitant to jump into the third.  I had it recommended to me by a friend and I am glad I took a chance on it.Pros:The high degree of customization for ships and player-made races, attention to detail of just about every facet of the galaxy, and the ability to take different paths to victory adds a lot of replayability to the game.Mixed:The learning curve for the game was steep.  Although there is a tutorial for the game, there is very little in the way of detailed explanation to help a new player understand why their production or research is poor or how to utilize starbases for things other than mining or gaining precursor relic benefits.  The tutorial enemy AI is completely unforgiving and doesn't care that it is the players first time out.  I was up for the challenge though and found it satisfying to dig through the various menus.  Using trial and error to determine how the synergy bonuses worked for each structure, how to build better ship designs, make bold research path decisions, consolidate and improve or expand recklessly are all part of what makes this such a fun game.Cons:Load times are long, especially when connecting to a multiplayer game, anywhere from 30 seconds to 2 minutes for SSD equipped machines with 30Mbit connections.  Crashes are a rare but frustrating experience, best mitigated by lowering the auto-save turn counter.  AI civilizations tend not to have much in the way of unique dialogue or interactive options, those who aren't at war with me are always glad that I'm ""walking upright"", a response that seems oblivious to their various introduction messages.  Warring civilizations don't seem to adjust their fleet composition to beat their chosen enemy, they also leave large defensive fleets spread throughout their occupied space even if they are needed elsewhere.  I believe this leads to enemies who bankrupt themselves with high upkeep costs and build world impovements in seemingly arbitrary ways.Overall, Galactic Civilizations 3 is an engrossing game that has already taken a ton of my free-time and will happily be given tons more."
76561198044636161,Recommended,226860,23307807,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kruz,"This is a very addictive 4x game.  I love the extensive and involved tech tree and the ship design feature is unique and very compelling.  I undoubtedly will ""waste"" many hours of my life playing this one!"
76561198050865043,Recommended,226860,23312038,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,issssk,"It's ok, but nothing special. Gets repetitive quickly. Downloading from Workshop somehow doesn't work for me, even though I clicked ""Activate Mods"" in the settings."
76561198047373509,Recommended,226860,23269535,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Sasquatch,It's takes a bit of practice to learn all the mechanics but it is an in depth strategy game and will draw you in.
76561198066750880,Recommended,226860,23280218,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,jjamesdk,"Pretty good stuff, I haven't played a great 4x space strategy game in years since MOO and MOO2 (and I haven't played Galactic Civ II, so my opinion is fresh for just this game).Once you get the hang of the game you really get sucked into its depth. I played about 30 hours on the biggest galaxy size so far, the management is pretty good and easy to adapt to and figure stuff out as you learn the game mechanics. I only had to look a couple things up online that I wasn't able to figure out through the game, such as setting up a trade route. I think it would be cool if the freighter's had an option to create a trade route as part of it's command list.Just a fair warning, at least on my machine, running a Corei7 intel (ASUS), win 10, GEFORCE GTX 960M. I still get lag clicking the turn button, just due to so much happening. I had a pretty big expanse (about 1/3 the galaxy, spiral and abundant). Occasionally the sound will glitch and no longer function when clicking on some of the buttons requiring me to reboot the game to get it functioning again. Those are my only problems with the game, but other than that the gameplay is super fun and addicting.I strongly suggest giving it a shot if you want to try something new."
76561197968564593,Not Recommended,226860,23264590,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,fredsim83,"I have been a player of galactic 1 and 2. I cant recommend this game because the AI very badly balanced: 2 or 3 times more vessels than you and even if your fleet is bigger and better weapons/defense/technilogy you get destroyed. AI always beg for money or technology and hate you if you dont give them. Also, computer is almost always in negative money to maintain fleet but get no negative effect on this. Also they prefer to work on DLC than balancing game. Everything else is fine, but i still cant recommend it except if you like getting frustrated"
76561198042558003,Recommended,226860,23293953,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,DrM0D,"Learning curve is terrible, customization options are fun, load times are long, custom factions allow for more replayability.Its fun but hard to figure out what to do."
76561198101515362,Recommended,226860,23324605,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Goops,"Bought this game on sale and didnt play it for a while, but jeez when I started I got addicted pretty fast.Seemed abit overwhelming at first with where to go in the Tech Tree, but if it was easy to pick up it would be simple and therefore boring.I keep seeing negative comments and most of these are comparing it to Galactic Civ 2 as things have been altered. Theres some nice changes making it easier to navigate, and in some things taken away (Choosing your form of government) but if it was all the same we would put it on a shelf next to FIFA.People saying they have found the game too easy need to ramp up the difficulty. My first few games were on normal and I only survived the Drengin by trading and sending gifts to another faction on the opposite side of my borders to stop being smashed between the two of them.I found in the early game im more of a trader and not militaristic, which is a huge change for my style of play, using commerce as a shield and a weapon, paying other factions to war another to get them both off my back was awesome.You can have a large enemy fleet brimming with the latest Beam weapons and topnotch shields to protect them... only to find your \""weaker\"" army uses missile weapons that bypass the shields, and smash em. Forcing them to get some point defence to get the balance of power back eliminating that paper-scissor-rock styled system most games have. And you can change these seperate components on your ships individually for each fight at hand.The enemies sometimes send you some dumb trades its true, but who wants a fair trade? everyone wants more from a trade and will screw you out of cash if they can, so re-negotiate it. This also brings more power to people who have gone a more diplomatic route with structures and their tech, and I believe thats why they have done this. Also I love how factions value things differently. Awesome weapon tech wont impress a trading faction as much as a militaristic one, so think about what your offering and asking for in return and from who! you can get some nifty deals!To me it seems a more polished, better looking version of its old self, and if your a fan or this is your first time purchasing one of the Galactic Civ Series, i\'d pick it up."
76561197989217753,Recommended,226860,23325975,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,geoff.mallett,"good gameplay, very effective AI, very enjoyable.some planetary governance issues."
76561198148944986,Recommended,226860,23263310,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Hermit Gamer,"The game is actually pretty solid. The learning curve is literally out of this world, In game tutorials didnt help me and i am the type to throw the manual and start the game bull rush through and on spot realization (lol) The tech tree is not as detail as i would like but the gameplay and ship customization and the 3D space battles are Nice. is it worth the price? not at the original unless you are a die hard GC fan so ill deff wait untill another sale"
76561198038835839,Recommended,226860,23259220,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Death_Duet,Definitely worth it to buy it all on sale. Like Civ5 in space but with more than one race. Love it.
,Recommended,226860,23243216,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,A§H»Jordan,very fun game much like the mod in civ4 which i think this was base on (at least in these series of games) would recomend any one who likes turn based games
76561198065514439,Recommended,226860,23294933,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Okeem_Leonis,I am having alot of fun especially with the Multiplayer. The Tech trees are well thought out with each race's twist and deplomacy actually works. If your looking for a fun turn based game this is for you.
76561198014272934,Recommended,226860,23299321,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Frog Prinz,Addicting game. Can't stop playing.
76561198101085947,Recommended,226860,23283076,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Volcano_Red,This game is very addictive. I have always liked Gal CIVs and this one does not dissapoint.
76561198245522862,Recommended,226860,23427322,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,barrgc,"Like a Sid Meiers Civ game, but on a galactic scale"
76561198058584985,Recommended,226860,23426013,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,warnhack,"It seems that no matter what setting the Dregan empire is set on, it builds ships and weapons way too fast. They seem to be overly powerful. It takes too long to build defenses and offensive weapons on starbases. Game seems to not be really balanced. The attackers on planets always seem to win."
,Recommended,226860,23428284,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,shadizar,"Lots of fun to play. I play on lower difficulties most of the time, but it scales nicely if I want more of a challenge. Game has brought forward good ship design and race config options, which I use quite a bit. The aliens are a *bit* too war-mongery/bloodthirsty for me but I get by."
76561197969726861,Recommended,226860,23419676,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Kallapryy,"Space Civilization...but a lot more complicated.  If you enjoy 4x games, give this one a try."
76561198042505998,Not Recommended,226860,18096303,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,wtfdouble,"The only reason i cannot recommend this game is the fact that the devs p*** me off for nearly a year with just one gamebreaking flaw:SHOW the research turns (ETA) in the govern tab and refresh them in real time......If you want to not waste research you HAVE to go back and forth from the govern tab to the research tab HUNDERDS and THOUSANDS of times per game because the turns don't even refresh in the main window after using govern. This is just trial and error.Why this still isn't changed is beyond my understanding and i consider it willfully p***ng off their customers - there are many threads about this in the forums and it's still beeing ignored.And people dont even try to comment on this by telling me ""but you can't waste research"" -YES you can because its swapped over to a technology YOU DON'T want to research at this point, so you can't use it on the next technology you are focused on OR finding the right balance to finish a ship or a building instead.i will occasionally come by and check if its fixed and maybe reconsider my review and start playing this otherwise great game again but until then its just too frustrating."
,Recommended,226860,23378194,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,flintoid,This is the first of the GC games I've played.  Fun game with plenty of stategy.
76561198164657923,Recommended,226860,23373356,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,SgtOutKast,"It's an awesome game, does a very nice job of combining diplomacy with combat, LOVED the customizable races."
76561198115757191,Recommended,226860,23367903,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,classics727,I suck at reviews but here goes . Great game I fully recommend it. well that it have fun
76561198138865105,Recommended,226860,23239533,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,DocAustin,Love the game but recently it started freezing after playing for a certain magic number of turns.
,Recommended,226860,23255985,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ccmfreak2,"This is quickly becoming one of my favorite turn-based 4X games!   It has a very different feel to it than most other 4X games, and that in many ways is it's strength!  However, if you're not into the tediousness that can come with managing a civilization, trading, researching, building, moving fleets of ships, determining which ships get constructed next, which buildings get built when and WHERE, etc etc, you might actually HATE this game.  I, on the other hand, find all those attributes exciting and strengths of the game!GC3 certainly has an arguably steep learning curve. Even the tutorial is a bit unforgiving - it took me 3 tries to actually beat the tutorial!   But once you get the hang of things, it all begins to feel more natural. Each civ has their own buildings and perks and ship designs, which makes things very interesting.One of the big perks to the creative types (people not like me) is the custom ship designer feature!  You literally get to determine where on the ship a weapon or component might be placed!  Or you can let the default location take over.  Either way, there's a lot of power in getting to customize your ships like this!Unlike the tech trees in other games - or ""trunks"" as Stardock's CEO refers to them - GC3 actually has several different trees with branches that don't necessarily rely on the completion of all the other branches!  You can truly go through the game and easily not research everything in a single tree out of the 4 you have available!Unlike games like Sid Meir's Civ where most of the tiles has something interesting on it that can be changed or you can do, GC3 has a lot of open tiles that you won't be able to do much with. However, this is open space, so it makes sense to the context of the game.  With that being said, there are still plenty of interesting things to find and occur, such as space junk, anomolies, wormholes, and even galactic events that can occur.The game is a little heavy on system resources, but that's necessary to give the incredibly expansive maps.  If you're running a weaker video card, there's plenty of settings that can be turned down to help compensate for it.Thus far, I've put in over 60 hours into this game, finished the tutorial, played a few stand-alone games, and played through the first of the three campaigns.  I look forward to seeing what the other two campains have to offer!  Well done Stardock!"
76561198036656421,Recommended,226860,23253938,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,jwc2,"I have always been a fan of the series, and this one did not let me down."
,Recommended,226860,23254481,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,maobe,"I can recommend it for Fans of the civilization genre. There are still some usability issues which can drive you crazy sometimes, but on the other hand i dont have much hours invested in the game atm, so some things maybe i have not found yet. i love the shipdesigner despite its sometimes awkward handling, and the fact that a lot of game settings can be modded in the xml-files is a great great great PLUS, you can finetune it to YOUR game!an other great plus is the system of planetclass and the colonyscreen with its hexmap:you cant build everything on every planet. they have spaceissues, which are like the salt in the soup. i like it, because you have to think a lot at how to pull up your colonies.also you have sometimes to decide which kind of specialization you choose while researching you techs. those specializations have very different impacts on how much a building produces, or how much upkeep it costs, or how much of a weapontype you can put into a ships hull.some of the things bothering me:-it seems there is no ""center on unit""-function, which could help you getting back fast to the ship in focus, especially on huge and insane maps; you can get used to but every now and then its just.... bad game design :-/-to place parts in the designer is sometimes tricky and cumbersome-the capital in each colony gets placed at random on colonization, it should be choosable by the player!-i can choose to show ships, planets, starbases and anomalys on the minimap. but not relics! why?-the mercinary ships should be upgradable. in the lategame every of your own designs is better.compared to the whole game those issues above are marginal. if you like the series and the civ-games in special you can and should give it a try!"
76561198163489729,Recommended,226860,23224273,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,clappert234,Really great game..... Be ready to miss out on sleep time flys playing it.
,Recommended,226860,23225849,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Epochian,"I have loved the Galactic Civ games since I found them.  This newest one is much like the rest, with a few key changes to the way it plays.  You will recognize the game if you played number two.Pros:-Multiplayer-The lore is very fleshed out-Meaningful choices (numbers to crunce and plenty of role playing elements)-HUGE games and maps-Civ creation and steam workshop support in the works-Easy to learn-The AI is still creepy good (not overpowered, but they make human like choices)Cons:-Combat is pretty straightforward, this could be a pro.-For a veteran of the genre it may become too easy.I love this game, its the next in  the line of the first space strategy game I've played.  Gal Civ boasts one of the only AI i can enjpy playing against.  I love the story behind the major races.  The story mode was better than most in similar games.  My only complaint is that some my hardcore space strat friends can't get as into it as much as other games.  I love that I could get my league mates to enjoy it though."
,Recommended,226860,23228358,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,[LOD] Lex Luthor,"Always fun, great game, well put together and all the things you love about turn based space games.  Two areas that need improvements... 1. Right click menus.  There are none and there's no reason there shouldn't be.  2. Stacks of ships/fleets, especially when you're trying to upgrade a ship in a stack or fleet."
76561197995328370,Recommended,226860,23228383,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,cattips,Its got some issues - usually resolved by re-entering a screen...I had fun - looking forward to some open play
76561197994609052,Recommended,226860,21309031,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Banzai,Best GalCiv yet.
76561198048916786,Recommended,226860,21309839,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,A Cat,Its great!
76561198065778922,Recommended,226860,21307970,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Telperion,Great game.
76561198046674822,Recommended,226860,21310356,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mordecai.Bedlam,I love this game. I wish it had more modules to play such as a campaign mode
76561198037560585,Recommended,226860,21157601,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,DanyDarko,What was that? you DONT want to take the militarization route? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH
76561198030965706,Recommended,226860,21156836,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,barkertommy43,great
76561198210542189,Recommended,226860,21678851,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,alaskasid,"Good game, I recommend it,"
76561198007184593,Recommended,226860,16214777,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Dwade,"HI*Upd. After quite some tuning the game became quite playable. A ton of new stuff and a lot of automation for not to drown in it.Previous comment became a little bit not that relevant, but traces of it are still her^ game is not properly optimized for slower systems, and the extent of different formula drilldown is still not exactly full, compared to the desidered and expected of the game of such scale.*older comment here:Pretty disappointed with the game.1. Terribly performance demanding and unoptimised. load screens take forever, constant freeses during scrolls and u never want to zoom - EVER. Since it start redrawing the galaxy from scratch. And no way to really decrease settings to bump performance - graphics menu is empty. How was it possile to do with a 4X game i have no idea.2. Game is very raw and underthought. Even if we forget numerous bugs which will eb fixed in a few months i believe, the Interface is missing terrifcaly important info and options - and that's everywhere - planatery management, research, fleet control. read the forums how people are whining about most basic things like no way to see individual ship HP in fleet, no movement points in fleets, no costs shown for research or production - some numbers are there, but they are useless, since u can't apply it anywhere. OKe u got 50 untis of production on a planet - but how many thsis particular thingie costs??? Plus the stupid overproduction system, which just throws overproduction into the bin. omg.Huge step backwards from GalCiv2."
76561198107049248,Recommended,226860,22197399,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,petrasko_ken,"Best game ever!!! Wish the tech. trees on larger maps were about 20% faster overall. Also wish that there was a little less mouse button pushing when buildingstarbases. Oh, and here is a GREAT idea!! I thought that if when a person actually finnishes a game it would be real cool if at that time the universe all of the sudden opened up and litterally doubled or trippled in size and you would then encounter an enemy that acheived the same. With some additional new techs. like additional movement and sensor range. Ideas are endless!! Love you guys! Great game!! Would recomend it to anyone!!"
76561198134492376,Recommended,226860,22188179,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,DoctorDetroit,"Good, just released a little too early.  Seems like every game these days is doing that.  Hope they keep making good patches... and not just expensive DLCs."
76561198027447425,Recommended,226860,22186926,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,spicey,kinda hard at time keeping up with the planets knowing what can boost up moral not very good and can kill your game once it gets to low.  Other then that very fun enjoy very much hope to have more dlc come out.
76561198114301703,Recommended,226860,22186583,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,PsychoticHal,If you like 4X games you need to play this. Trust me it's a good game.
76561198120859071,Recommended,226860,22153784,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Khan,"If your a fan of Civ 5 or any other 4x game, there's a chance you'll love this one two!"
76561198047914810,Recommended,226860,22153963,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,rhonanz,I dig it.  It's a ton of fun.  After running through  a few time's I'd like some full scenerio mods though.  Over all a great game good for many tens of hours of fun.
76561198039393177,Recommended,226860,30735164,Posted: 25 March,all,nevonb2000,"game is pretty good, although i wished they added alot of the regular stuff in part 2 in part 3 instead of making them all dlc.  Some dlc's are new but some shouldve already been in the game"
76561198125143619,Recommended,226860,30737185,Posted: 25 March,all,Leo Wolf,Learning curve a bit hard but keep it up and youll find your way.
76561198035782519,Recommended,226860,21952404,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,SPECOPS_CMDR,"As an avid gamer and especially a long time strategy empire builder, Galactic Civ III is pretty damn good. I've been playing since the 80s and when Red Alert, Generals, Imperium Galactica, Reach for the Stars and Master of Orion I and II (III no way) came out, they got me hooked on strategy game play. It might be that I may been a general in my previous life or something. Galactic Civ III is smooth and the different settings you can choose can make the game easy all the way up to impossible to win, but I love a challenge. I love the soundtrack always have. It reminds me of the great game Ascendancy. The pros, well pretty much everything is cool, the UI is easy, managing is easy with Governor choices (no need to totally micromanage), the animation in the graphics adds that cool and wow factor (zoom in and you can see you ships orbiting a planet that is also spinning with a night and day side). The campaigns are cool. I haven't tried Mercenaries expansion yet. The cons, if you're like me and really like to control every aspect of game play, the automated micromanaging for colonies are cool, but ship building can be become tedious at times. I'd love for the creators to build in a progressive line up where ships are automatically 'obsoleteted' when newer technologies replace them. There's some fine tuning in ship building experience they need to automate. Another thing is maintenance, if you have a large empire, you really have to watch your wealth otherwise you can go broke, but the best thing is that you can assign research worlds, manufacturing worlds, and wealth producing worlds so there is a balance. I recommend this game to everyone from beginner strategy action players to battle hardened hard core strategists!"
76561198052351449,Recommended,226860,21955753,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,bloodtide_dragon,Good game. The best of the Three.
76561198041164190,Recommended,226860,21949877,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,shtasel,I wont to change language to russian ???
76561198038133777,Recommended,226860,22133385,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Greyjoy,Amazing time suck. Infinite possibilities.
,Recommended,226860,22625946,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,TheLastSandwichOnEarth,At best a neat Space management game. At worst a United Nations simulator. I like the idea of having to be manage your space ships as 10 to 20 turns in if you haven't been doing your job they do become outdated and shouldn't be surprised when a faction you whooped 10 turns ago is beating you time and time again.
76561198015672683,Recommended,226860,22569426,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Daxin,"I am really enjoying the GC3, great improvements over GC2. I would like to see more balancing, so carriers arent the end game ship to rush to. The support ships are great and it is fun designing them for your fleets. Great game, fun to play all the races and win types."
,Recommended,226860,22583715,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Bpiddy,"Good civilization type of strategic turn based game. The campaign is very short, but this is similar to sid meiers civilization games."
,Not Recommended,226860,22592538,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Matnik,"It's potentially brilliant, but there's challenging, and then there's punishing. The AI doesn't allow for any winning strategy other than the aggressive build up of ships.I'm sure that'll win over some people, and it's worth a go if it's in a Steam sale as it does have a lot to offer, but there's no learning strategy other than getting destroyed until you figure it out."
76561198070088305,Recommended,226860,22630167,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,daniel.mckillop,"I know Galactic Civilizations III is still being developed, but it is already an awesome game.  I really like after selecting a starbase for upgrades the constructors  deliver them automatically.  That alone makes this a better game than GC2.  I look forward to each surprise when the game is updated.  One disappointment is I cannot visualize the entire tech tree."
76561197991567898,Not Recommended,226860,21782228,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Core,"i do not understand why this game is currently enjoying a 'mostly positive' rating right now. ok, here are the issues as i see it, in point form.-full price for early access, then $70 worth of dlc that should have been part of the game, released shortly after. a kick in the pants for the early supporters who basically have to buy the game again.-a non intuitive tech tree and planetary upgrade system.-non playable combat. completely hands off. missing a huge chance for some tactical fun.-and finally, an AI that wipes the floor with you, no matter what you dothe multiplayer might have saved the game, but i'll never know, cause i wouldn't force a friend to having this game as a purchase to find out. seems rude."
76561197961070825,Recommended,226860,22308162,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Skrie,"This game is pretty good.  It's a clever mix between Sword of the Stars and Civilization.  It's very addictive. It's better than Endless Space.Upsides: Customizable Ship-design Galore. Graphically interresing and colorful design all around. Good sound, great music. No Battle-Hustle (it's on the downsides of everyones list... but seriously... I don't want microbattles).Slight downsides are:  almost completely undocumented by the creator. Prepair to meet the great GalCiv3 wiki of stumps. No manual...and a tutorial that makes you want to quit gaming forever. Boring Tech-Tree and upgrading ships is too expensive."
76561197972335844,Recommended,226860,22292158,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,MudBucket,Fun game!
,Recommended,226860,22655600,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Zonemind,"If you like tactical ship combat, this is not your game. If you hate micromanaging the endgame, it's also not your game (although they're working on that). If you like sprawling 4X games with amusing graphics and just need a ship design sub-system that's huge enough to devour your entire life, then this is your game."
76561197968119399,Recommended,226860,22643460,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Johkur,"I am giving this game a thumbs up because on balance it is worth playing.  Here however are some of its defects :- Not enough keyboard shortcuts.  RSI is a real thing.  The mouse is death.  All commands should have keyboard shortcuts.- Space battles would be more fun if you got to play them.  I am not a fan of auto rolled combat as I feel robbed of a key part of the game.- The AI is pretty terrible,  Set a world to self manage to try and save yourself some micro management and you regret it becasue the AI cannot make a decent choice.None of these things kill thte game.  But it could have been a whole lot better."
76561198013020221,Recommended,226860,17963371,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Kjas,"Great game very, simular to GC2. Still has a few rough edges but nothing too serious. Start on a very large map if you are new to the series, that way there is not a lot  of pressure for the same planets and you can experiment and get the feel of the game before you meet any tough aliens. On average difficulty the A.I. is not real tough so that is a good place to start. Remeber to balance your military and social developement. Like the real world a stromg military requires a strong economy.  The patches are making the game worse. 1.3 patch made it difficult to handle large fleets. A few more patches like this and it won't be playable."
76561198009093707,Recommended,226860,25384071,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,CaveMan,"Galactic Civilizations 3 feels like the next saga of Sid Meier's Civilization 5. Moreover,  Galactic Civilizations 3 is the game that I had hoped Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth would have been: a slightly better and galactic version of Civ 5.For anyone that enjoyed Civ 5 you will love Galactic Civilizations 3! The battles are pretty entertaining when compared to Civ 5 and generally the game feels a lot like Civ 5 but on a galactic scale with more advanced options and gameplay mechanics. For example, compared to Civ 5, there are more futuristic ways to win, lots of futuristic units to choose from and if you don't like your unit options then you can design your own using the easy to use editor software that comes with the game!All in all, Galactic Civilizations 3 is an awesome game and feels like it picks up from where Civ 5 left off, even though Civ 5 is a different franchise. So, if you played through Civ 5 and enoyed it and are looking for a place to pick up from there then I highly recommend this game! Also, the storyline in Galactic Civilizations 3 is very cool. I definitely recommend this game! :D"
76561198008913854,Recommended,226860,25359743,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,BatmanNZ,"Great Game, well thought out, recommend it. Only wish you had more control of the battles along the lines of Total War. I also wish the worlds where more invlolved, especially with the graphics, so instead of some big graphic in each block that just shows the item built, it actually started to look like a real world colony would with the main item being built up in the middle."
,Recommended,226860,25364198,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,killerchris40,"Bought on Sale.  Worth the time.  Pretty easy to pick up and play, but has the depth to keep you learning throughout."
76561197990493638,Recommended,226860,25407173,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,samuelh73,"I have played the Galactic Civilisation games since the first one. It is one of the few 4X games that has really kept my attention for as long as it has, and I have really enjoyed the entire series. GalCiv 3 has been no exception and is a great, fun game to play (as my hours played will attest).There have been incredible (and much needed changes) from the earlier incarnations, and it just keeps getting better. There are numerous aspects that are great about the game and very few problems; however, those problems are fairly irritating.The most annoying thing about the game (and all of them have had this feature) is the alignment system. You are occasionally faced with a decision that contains three answers (one for each alignment) and you have to choose one of them. I understand that no game can possibly cover every permutation involved in this situation, but GalCiv 3 has some really bizarre and nonsensical outcomes. As a generic example: Your race discovers a weapon of immense power, and you are presented with three choices. The Benevolent option says ""Let's break down this weapon to make a building that can defend a colony really well"", the Pragmatic option says ""Let's figure out how this works and make our missile weaponry inflict a little more damage"", while the Hostile option says ""Let's mount this baby on our most powerful ship and kill things with it"". Any alignment could argue for any of these choices, so you're occasionally forced to choose between the option of maintaining your alignment or choosing the option you want (of course, real life is very similar in this regard, but it is rarely this absolute).GalCiv 3 introduced a point system to go along with this; essentially, choosing any of the options gives you points in that alignment, which can be spent to buy bonuses such as additional trading licenses, extra gold, &c.  This means if you are playing a Benevolent or Pragmatic race and choose a Hostile answer, you gain Hostile points. You have to earn a lot of points to buy the bonuses, which means you have to focus on one alignment in order to buy bonuses at the expense of the choices that would really help your race (when each of the options could be theoretically applicable to all of them).Other than that, the rest of the issues are quite small and hardly problematic. It is still a fun game and I love playing it, but here's to wishing some improvements in the next incarnation, which I will surely buy as well!"
76561198036069275,Recommended,226860,25437323,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,jjmmurphy,"I find it a good game like Civ but in space.  Still hard to get ahead init , I think the computer cheats .. but well worth the time to play..."
76561198045045273,Recommended,226860,25453312,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,The Beast,A lot of fun. You lose enough and learn along the way.
76561198272715702,Recommended,226860,25436866,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Redghost22,Great game!
76561198189773462,Recommended,226860,25463144,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,rayfedex,injoying game alot
76561198005374382,Recommended,226860,25451992,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,uafbum,"Don't often play this style of game, but it has been entertaining to say the least. The game does have a steep learning curve and you really have no time to durdle as the computer is brutally efficient, but the various factions and lore really pull one into the game."
76561198200972049,Recommended,226860,25737217,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,dangv00,"Glitched out and crashed a couple of times, but otherwise a great game. The AI is a bit op as they will almost invariably out produce and outpace you throughout the beginning of the game if not all throughout. Even at beginner settings, I had trouble keeping pace with the AI. I am a veteran turn based strategy gamer. Hopefully they rebalance the AI a bit and address a few of the glitches because this is a truly addicting game."
76561198037464855,Recommended,226860,25737900,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ftlman123,This is one of the best iterations of this game and I haven't used most of the dlc yet. I would say buy this game. If you have played the older games or not it is pretty easy to get the ui and game play. I hope they keep advancing this franchise.
76561198118542793,Recommended,226860,25520654,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Bizo,"My first expierience with a 4x game, found this really fun and addictive."
,Not Recommended,226860,24461940,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,PBE|Bizarro,"I've sunk a fair amount of time into this game, started multiple files and I've gotten decently far in each file only to have the game hang on me every ****ing time. As early as turn 81 and as late as turn 146 (because that's literally how far i'll get into a game before it happens) one of the AI players will crap the bed and my turn will never come. It'll say ""Starting new turn"" down there at the bottom corner where the next turn button is and I won't be able to move any of my ships, queue up any new projects, research or constructions or even save or load the game. I can't even get back to the main menu.Ive had this issue since I first got the game. The support ticket I sent in almost a year ago was never replied to, none of the patches or DLC has fixed this issue and it has happened in every single file I've started. I can't recommend this game until this problem is addressed correctly."
76561197978999572,Not Recommended,226860,24287672,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,jrdearing,played better games. crashes at odd times. needs a tech governor
76561198026391130,Not Recommended,226860,24129649,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jan_van_vos,"Not recommended.The game crashed often. It is less feature than the previous one, gal civ 2. The ship designer has less tools and quality than galciv2,.....,and so on and on.It is not worth buying!!!!"
76561198033844632,Not Recommended,226860,24229955,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,maven,"This game is a flat constant crash-fest. If you already wasted your money and want to play either way be sure to save every round - preferably in different save slots. I've spent 17 hours trying to reduce frequency i need to alt-tab and kill game process but nothing works. Or maybe i7 with 16 GiB of RAM is just not enough. If you want to play good x3 game go back to galciv 2 or even to space empires 5. GC3 is flat, shallow and terribly coded - you just never know if it will just straigh stop to response, or you will have ""idle ship"" that does not exists but prevent you from finishing turn. Over the last years I think I've played all X3 games that came out and state of a genre is not good (games are either oversimplified beyond reason or terribly done) but I've never enounter anything as bad as this.  Keep away if you don't like to be frustraded."
76561198075814972,Recommended,226860,25400396,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,asbaruti,Best space 4x game yet. Love it.
76561197996202076,Recommended,226860,25406036,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,lilonespaz,I dig it. Its pretty fun i recomend doing the campaign to learn the ropes. Just jumping in is a bit difficult if you have never played a game like this.
76561198031911713,Not Recommended,226860,25403357,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,djavolak666,"I've tried the game, and liked it at first. Pretty good gameplay. Then my save game got corrupted. Then again. Then my whole steam apps dir got corrupted and i had to reinstall steam and all games. I started a new game. Then again it got stuck on a bug that is known for more than a year now on their forums. I've also tried all the stuff suggested on forums and FAQs, with no luck. I've also tried contacting the support, with no response for 3 days now.At last i couldn't even refund the game because i've played it 2 hours over the treshhold. Bad luck i didn't bother checking everything before giving my money to idiots. Read carefully, it might happen to you too.I want my lost hours back :(((((((((((((((((((((((((("
76561198006638176,Not Recommended,226860,25235614,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,dthecat20,"Slightly more fun than being locked in a library in the dark.There seems a lot of depth to this game, but it is also well hidden. Each new research option allows you to do many things, none of which you have a blind clue about. Every so oftem some pirates will come along and blow up your mines whilst your star bases stair on indifferently, the ships you can create are limited, even after you research military tech they still seem locked out. All this said, there is one great positive, the game crashes a lot. This gives you the chance to ask if you can do something (anything else). If you want an excuse to tidy the house, walk the dog, or write that novel you have always been dreaming of, this game will bore you into it."
76561198006931164,Recommended,226860,21600868,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Backstabingpike,Fun but Better with other People vs AI
,Recommended,226860,21669215,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Gothicus,"I played the hell out of the first and second galactic civ back in the day so I guess you could call me a die hard fan of the series. For the most part the third installment delivers on the nostalgia of the past, the galaxy has moved on a little and some races have come and gone but for the most part its a solid new chapter of the series.Its not perfect, there are some bugs which have mostly been fixed and it seems even more slow paced than the old games (though that could be the rose tinted glasses of memory talking) but in all my only real complaint is its not really added anything new.For the fans of the previous games you will probably love this along with any other fan of deep space strategy but for those used to more fast paced modern games its probably going to drag."
,Recommended,226860,21676273,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Siracs,"A great game! The humor of some texts is simply great. As in the part before. Play one time the dregin, just to get those funny messages. And all the rest: It's great. Only problem: A huge time sucker. The typical just one turn phenomen. Just one turn and a weekend is over ;)"
76561198012938875,Recommended,226860,21676711,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ethanbaby,A lot of fun.
76561198020895740,Recommended,226860,21695568,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Jkiller,Great 4x game.
,Recommended,226860,21593062,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Routhinator,"I love this game. It combines the best of Civ and games like MoO and BOTF. However, there are lots of spelling and grammar mistakes that need to be corrected in the interface, and the game crashes a LOT in multiplayer."
76561198030973644,Recommended,226860,16864338,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Wildstar,"Gave the game another chance and it now works great a few months later.  Custom ships are so fun.  Was a big fan of GC2, and this is very similar.  But that's okay with me."
76561198149824264,Recommended,226860,21764274,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,FowlMouth82,"I was searching for years to replace Master of Orion 2 in the 21st century. Obviously this is far more indepth but it has preserved for me the playability which so many other games lacked.Great game! Difficulties are fairly stable and can be made a good challenge. Recent AI updates have solved an awful lot of of concerns and governance has been vastly improved from pre-release reviews. Every game is different, every time a new challenge. Ship design is a great feature and the ability to upgrade to newer designs easily means you only get bogged down if you want to. Don't download too many of the workshop races at once. Though they are quite good in places, some are just awful and never seem to play well. The races in|di¦gen|ous to the game are perfectly balanced but I'd still recommend making your own. Look out for (when I eventually finish it) The Citizens of Me. ;)"
76561198101941364,Recommended,226860,21761665,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Conspiralla,One of the best
,Recommended,226860,21762001,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Dark_Storm_001,It's a good game. Would say 8/10. Don't really know what I can say - if you have played Galactic Civ before then you know what to expect. If you haven't then you'll probably be better off starting with Galactic Civ 1 or 2 as a cheap way of getting into the series.
76561198031738913,Recommended,226860,21755449,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,MorkinTheFree,"Really like it. Complicated enough, well balanced races. Nice campaign."
76561198005984794,Recommended,226860,21528226,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Da_Tom,"Great game. Worthy 3rd part.I kinda miss the Terror Stars, but if u liked GalCiv II, u'll mostly like this also."
76561198068720356,Recommended,226860,21532625,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,jvanheycop,"A bit heavy on the micromanagement, but still a very fun game and one of the best modern space-4x games."
76561197998119850,Recommended,226860,21545931,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,[ELR] Dbetz007,Great game but there could be more ship parts and better mount points so moving parts looked better. I used to have a ship that had rotating rings with apendeges that was awesome  looking when it fought. These options just dont seem to be there anymore.
76561198200067287,Recommended,226860,21505182,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,otutko,"While a bit lacking in content (expect this to be fixed in time, just like with GC2), it already a very engaging game, especially if you have friends to play with. And who cares if its mostly copying GC2, that game was essentially perfect, lacking only multiplayer.I definitely recommend it to any space 4X fan."
76561198079192153,Recommended,226860,21769212,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,loki548,"I would give it an 8/10just needs some fine tuning, like you can't adjust the mini-map. Just several smal things like that."
76561197993882442,Recommended,226860,21790220,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Lone Wolf,Love it wish. Only thing i hate with this game is lack of a story campagin would love to see that
,Recommended,226860,21788576,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Ironstark,A worthy successor of the previous games.
76561198024915714,Recommended,226860,21698894,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,ArmyBoyKillaLot,"I got to say I am really loving this game and don't really see what people are complaining about for the most part, but I never played any other the previous Galatic Civ games. Two of my favorite strategy games are Total War Shogun II, and Sins of a Solar Empire, and this is a nice mix of the two but with more added. I do have to say this game has a high learning curve but if you can give it some time it is amazing. I had to read some online starting guides to really get the basics of the game because the manual and tutorial teach you very little. If you put some time and effort into learning the game it is very  rewarding, and building your own ships with custom loadouts is a lot of fun."
76561198023931587,Recommended,226860,21732678,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,rda1009,Nice game
76561197987350958,Recommended,226860,21732791,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,excitari,Nice and challenging. Keeps interesting for a long time.
76561198037890507,Recommended,226860,21184505,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Andrew,A worthy successor to one of the best strategy games ever!
76561198037706360,Recommended,226860,21431060,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,GameRoller,Its a dam good game and dats all
76561198007134711,Recommended,226860,21430325,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,khumak,"Overall I like the game but the combat mechanics are very confusing.  In my current game I'm sending fleets with over 500 combined attack, over 500 combined defense, and over 1000 health against fleets with less than 100 combined attack, less than 100 combined defense, and around 700 health and I'm consistently losing.  The mechanics for how capital ships, assault, escorts, etc all work together are just glossed over as if it would be obvious but from my experience, if you don't know how the mechanics work you will lose any battle that you don't have a massive tech or numbers edge in.The rest of the game mechanics I don't have any significant issues with, and even with major issue above I can still load up a game and play it for 12 hours straight before I realise that annoying beep is my alarm going off in the morning..."
76561198092540999,Recommended,226860,16970461,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Supershamu,"I have since changed my review after taking a break from this game and coming back to it. Awesome customization options, customize your own ship designs, many ways to play and win, really quite fun.Only beefs I still have are:-Multiplayer is limited to 4 people (big bummer for the 17 member galactic civilizations group i formed on steam)-No alternatives to using blk2 for creating moving customer character pictures-Not a lot of weapon variety-Still crashes a bit-Tooooo much dlc"
76561198018018856,Recommended,226860,21343225,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ken.withrow,"This is the 3rd version of galciv that I have played.  I held off getting it thinking they really couldnt have put much new content in. Wow was I wrong, it is by far the best 4X game I have played.The AI still seems weak, which is too bad since it ws a key feature of the other two. Perhaps time will tell.Kudos to stardock for their plans to extend the games support.Just got Mercenaries and Im lukewarm about it, two new races are great. Havent played enough to see how good the mercenaries actually are.I really really like the huge flexibility the game gives you. I have over 100 hours in, and feel I am just scratching the surface."
76561198008711966,Recommended,226860,21435459,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,djones,"I didn't really play this game for a long time after I bought because it has poor tooltips and a lot of unexplained bits.  It is not fun making strategic choices when you don't understand the consequences.  They don't seem to get the issue at Stardock -- promising a tutorial.  Problem with tutorials, aside from being boring, is that they often explain the totally obvious things and not the stuff you want to know with good tooltips.  Anyway, eventually, I got past all that and with lots of googling, figured out most of it.  Now I can say that it is a great, highly addictive game."
,Not Recommended,226860,21631419,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Kevin,"First of all, great idea for a game. I mean, Civilization in space? Conquer a galaxy of hundreds of star systems with armadas of custom built space ships? ♥♥♥♥ YEAH.Only thing is, you can’t. At least I couldn’t. My huge galactic campaign game just refused to end it’s 357th turn. None of my attempts to fix this issue succeeded.6/10: It would be a great game if it worked."
76561198021956220,Not Recommended,226860,21513183,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,lddrachen,"This game is not significantly different than the previous versions.  In fact, I would say it's the exactly the same except for the new skin and all the new bugs...Oh yes all the crazy bugs, silly ones, such as if you rush the 2nd item on the ship yard, but if you save and load the game, it would rush the first ship instead.  Or sometimes after you upgrade the ship, your ship is unable to attack unless you save and restart the game.  Or your ship designed disappeared, especially the ones from Stream DLC.  And last but not least, random freezes and crashes."
76561197964663155,Recommended,226860,21722320,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Boomdiggity,"First off, I had fun playing this game, and that is what is most important.I do have a few wishes though.1. I wish there was a way to influence battle-tactics.2. I wish all the options for construction/ships etc. were visible, but grayed out until unlocked through research and usable in the designer.3. Ships with warp drives should have a retreat option, with a spoolling up time of course, and stopping a retreat should require special modules. Ships that retreat should also have to abandon their post."
76561197965435788,Recommended,226860,24843365,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Acarin,"Well, I am around 20 hours into the game now, and I feel that I can make an 'initial feelings' review at this point.  This game is big.  Seriously big.  (Thanks for the words, Douglas Adams).  The tech trees are _huge_ and, as a long-time player of the entire Sid Meier Civ series, it comes as something of a shock that it is much (MUCH) harder unless you specialise in pretty much one branch of research...The game itself is similar to most 4K games - colonise (aka 'settle'), expand, specialise the colony in production/research/wealth, build some military units for attack/defense, rinse & repeat.  However, there are several interesting additions to the basic flavour of the game, notably anomalies and mercenaries:Anomalies require a ship with a Survey module to explore, and are similar to the Ruins in Civ.  They come in several varieties which can give you cash, a small ship appropriate to your current development, part or all of your current tech research, complete the current build on the nearest colony or, in the case of heavily-defended Precursor Anomalies, a much bigger cash infusion plus some other goodies.  You can also find single-use wormholes which will transport the exploring unit randomly across the map.Mercenaries are available from The Bazaar (discovered close to your starting position) and require credits and some of the 'special[ resources to hire.  Each has its own abilities and bonuses, and they can be crucial in assisting you to advance more rapidly through the game.  They make for a quirky, unique add-on to the game system and can provide just the assistance you require, as long as you have the cash (note that AI empires can _also_ recruit the mercs, and any given merc may only be hired once per game).The ship design system is awesome, and there are literally hundreds of designs and collections available to download from the Workshop if you don't want to make up your own versions.Other than that, the overall experience is a steep learning curve to begin with (even for players experienced in other 4K games), and it is certainly well-worth playing the tutorial to start.  But it is fun... ohh, so much fun! :-)  I highly recommend GalCiv 3 to anyone looking for a fresh 4K game challenge with a sci-fi feel to it.  I'm lovin' it!"
76561198170381405,Recommended,226860,24846348,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,The Bruce of Wayne,"If you like turn based strategy games, play Galactic Civilizations III, it's awesome.  I like being able to design ships, build up worlds, expand empires and play at war (if need be).  So many ways to go about playing this game: peaceful, diplomatic, technology focus, war driven, industrial, cultural... it's enjoyable.  It's not a huge action based game, but I really like strategy games."
76561198124412655,Recommended,226860,24844236,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,poondoggler,I like it. It's fun to sink hours into.
76561198040610789,Recommended,226860,24835752,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Spiked Giraffe,"Addictive.After learning how to play, which did not take very long I have succumb to the ""One more Turn"" playing...and then it is 3 am and I have to be up at 6.Over 100 hours in and I am still playing my first game with my custom race.My one recommendation would be something like Warp Gates to be able to have ships warp around in our and perhaps allies terroritories faster.  A Warp gate would definately fit in wtih the the theme and feel of the game, basically controlled anamonlies!"
76561198083679202,Recommended,226860,24836201,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,baby back gribs,"an amazing game! i would highly recommend this game, and entertaining campaign interesting races great looks, music, gameplay overall a good gaming investment."
76561198107960656,Recommended,226860,24902122,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,phk3,Good game.
76561198029522247,Recommended,226860,24903250,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Sidewinder Fang,"Incase you played Galactic Civlizations 2, its that but better, all the games systems feel polished and streamlined and the maps as stupidly large as they've ever been, my only real complaint is that the campain mode feels like an anemic prequel to a bigger saga.Overall if you're looking for a decent space empire strategy game then you could do a lot worse than Galciv 3, I'm not sure I'm a huge fan of the constand slow trickle of DLC, perhaps wait until the game goes on sale to get it, otherwise go right ahead."
76561198000585010,Recommended,226860,22006872,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Roast_Beef_Gravy,"Tremendous fun, but has a bit of a learning curve to it. Starbase construction is very repetitive, but there are tools to help you deal with that. The AI is good, especially at building fleets, but can be lacking at adjusting to your tactics. Excellent graphics but the engine can bog down a bit, especially in larger galaxies. All in all though, a very fun game - be prepared to lose many hours exploring the different planet types and tech trees."
76561197963250001,Recommended,226860,22028459,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,CR 1999,I highly reccomend this game to all fans of the 4x space genre.
,Recommended,226860,21966495,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,William Tell,"Still a little buggy, sometimes could not see build choices in planet and shipyard screens. Could not rotate main ship hull in 3d during designing to place components...:/"
76561198031989220,Recommended,226860,21965010,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,henryfarwell,Love it a great game
76561198009598231,Recommended,226860,21920701,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,patryn36,"map sizes are nicer than the previous editions, would be nice to play with more than 7 ai though"
76561198080776572,Recommended,226860,22054217,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,trevorsmithn,"I love the game.I wish there was a editor for the actually game files, so you can modify the .xml files or at-least a guide on how the .xml files are setup the GCII was easy to modify, not have much luck finding the fields for the actually research in-game.Also wish there was a way the game could use more than 1 CPU core and/or offload the huge memory requirements to the GPU instead of physical memory.I wish there was research were you could research other races technlogy but slightly nerfed. Some of the building from the really mean ugly race that you see in the vanillla cinamatic are truly overpowered and I'd like to be able ot build like the slave pit for the terrian.other than that the game is fun, it's turning out to be live a Civilization IV game, in that it literally cna eat up an entire weekend playing it...for someone like me that is a VCAP5-DCA, MCSE and CCNP: R&S, I find my time is always spent on labbing....bt this game is fun...."
76561198140892300,Recommended,226860,22055558,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,AnonMindsetTX,Great stuff.
76561198036030234,Recommended,226860,22052219,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ANGELO64,fantastic game but you need alot of time on your hands.hard to find any faults with the game;would recommend it
76561197994806340,Recommended,226860,22064207,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,captbunny,"Good game, expensive dlc - keeps crashing"
76561198183554115,Recommended,226860,21989605,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,joshran123,I love the graphics and detail in the game. There is a lot to love about this game however it have a couple flaws just due to be more war driven.
76561198288421294,Recommended,226860,22106484,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ccborgman,It's a fun update of a great game.  There are some things i like better than 2 and others i wish they hadn't changed.  That's true with most games.
76561198012631374,Recommended,226860,22110425,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Jur Grady,great game a few NPC advantages are a little broken but over all a great game
76561198011204192,Recommended,226860,22113274,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,CooperVegas,"Fun game if you like the 4x genre, lots of customizable things.  Like any game there are things I would like to see done to it; making the UI better where I can micromanage with less clicks."
,Recommended,226860,20477747,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,erikmozi,hours of fun
76561198019396235,Recommended,226860,20478060,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Evad41,"An Excellent 4X game. I would prefer if the space and planetary combats could be more directly controlled, but still a good game."
,Recommended,226860,20478226,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Redhotviking,"A Decent Space Tactical game, but I would rather play Starbound 2 than this game."
76561197962075222,Recommended,226860,20480420,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Herro,Sweet Game Sins meets Civ
76561198001975464,Recommended,226860,20505759,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,safak_dilbaz,"i've enjoyed the campaign. game actually smoothened the galactic civ 2's slow start. you had to wait to get planets populated and research economy asap if you dont want to get crippled. in this version, expansion is smoothened. options on planets increased and i like the ideology idea. it has room for improvement but in its form it is quite enjoyable."
76561198115681857,Recommended,226860,20476691,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,seabhacson,"Excellent sequel in the series.  I'm having a lotof fun playing it, and will be so for years, likely."
76561197972091657,Recommended,226860,20506777,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Rhia,"By far one of the best 4x games on the market currently, My only reservation would be a more user friendly ship designer that did not require you to unlock all the pieces via console commands and was accessible from the main menu."
76561198174799638,Recommended,226860,20495464,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,find.chase,"A great sequel to GalCivII. Very responsive design team, and the customised maps and races allow for a very exciting added element."
76561197991873255,Recommended,226860,20381726,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Xenotaris,"Fantastic Game, Its lamost as good as Galactic Civilizations II however I do feel like its lacking some of the features from GalCiv2 in regards of the Custom Factions not having a custom ship design presets."
76561198036874457,Recommended,226860,20280244,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,gbigdan,"First and formost this game was released as a ""early release"" kickstarter kind of thing. This was beneath Stardock who has always had a reputation for selling FINISHED AND POLISHED games. It took a LONG time to get this far for the fnished game. Shame on stardock. Just build finished great games like before and don't try to fix what wasn't broken.Second, as of this review the game is good but not great. It could and should have been a bit more... advanced or ""better"" than preious versions. Yes it is vastly improved over galciv 2 which I have played well over 2,000 hours especially with the starbases and such which grew exceedingly tedious with big games. However, that tedium is still there somewhat and the tech research system should be more like galciv 2...Overall this is a good game but not worth more than perhaps 29.99 so wait for the sale price. After another 6 months the mods made by the fans will justify the purchase despite it's limitations with the vanilla version. I am disapointed with stardock for cashing in insead of just building a great game and responding by tweaking to their legion of fans as before. Despite the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor company leadership they managed to just eak out a decent game."
76561198051957222,Recommended,226860,20360687,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,strongheart7833,"GOOD SOLID GAME WITH A GOOD MODDING COMMUNITY, DIFFERCULT TO LEARN, BUT ITS WORTH THE EFFORT. i WOULD RECOMMEND OTHERS TO BUY IT."
76561198131014164,Recommended,226860,20386960,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ggalvand18,"i enjoy the hell out of this game. making your own race is amazing and the ship designer is fantastic. you can pretty much build any ship you want weather its from a movie film, tv show, cartoon, anime or just from your imagination.my only gripe with this at first was that you dont have control over the battles, only what you bring to fight.  i love stratagy games like empire at war or shogun 2 and so on but i quikly got over that aspect of the game and found my self enjoying it from being able to just sit back and watch the battle.other people may have a different experience, especially thoses who have played the previouse GC titles.i as far i stang with the game i love it."
76561198116373178,Recommended,226860,20386220,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,joshwburgess,"For the most part this is a pretty good game.  I like some of the upgraded aspects compared to the previous version better.  For example the shipyards and resources.  Something that I thought could be improved was that when you have more than one message pop up or more than one alien tries to contact you for something it glitches the system and only shows one of the messages.  Another thing is the upgrade aspect; when I tried to upgrade my fleet which at this point was quite a few ships I was unable to actually do so for them all at once simply because the option wasnt available on the upgrade screen.  I did try the govern screen under ships section, but the area was blank; nothing there.  Moving my mouse over the blank area I think there where ships types listed but I was unable to do anything.  Another thing, the map editor while simple to use some aspects of it were very tedious; almost as if they didnt put much but the bare bone effort into making it.  I kind of miss the spies from the previous version.  A small thing but it did have its moments.Excluding all of that, I would reccommend the game to people.  I haven't tried the campain yet, but I do plan to.  I would rate this game 9/10.  I do think this game has much potential to be upgraded."
76561198033630207,Recommended,226860,20387379,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Ysae,"somewhat buggy, make sure you save often, as it has a tendency to crash once in a while.  over all good game, could use a bit more options for tech specialization though, as the commerce tech tree seems to be better than the rest overall."
,Recommended,226860,20387578,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ColonelSplendid,"Fantastic game, great addition to the series"
76561197970939856,Not Recommended,226860,18429828,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,joe,"While enjoyable to play, the constant crashing / freezing makes it almost unplayable.After doing some research on my crash issues, I discovered that they've been reported since beta.  Game developers really need to stop releasing buggy games and fixing them after release.  It really makes me question if I want to buy future games from them.Edit:  Months later I thought I'd give this another shot, maybe the game had been patched by now?  Nope still crashing all the time.  Uninstalling..."
76561198033508297,Recommended,226860,20387787,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Addictedorc,"Overall I enjoy playing Galactic Civ. 3 despite some of the bugs I've encountered. The mechanics are good and sufficiently balanced. The graphics are also decent but in full disclosure I don't place a premium on graphics, particularly for strategy games where its mostly ""glorified chess"". I have yet to compare the AI's competence at different levels of difficulty.I think that the campaign plot didn't really meet my expectations given the price of the game. (3 scenarios from beginning to end if the tutorial is not included). While the scenarios took a combined total of 15 hours or so, I could have cut that by prob. 25% if I was being more aggressive rather than taking the time to ""be thorough"". I typically expect a game like this to take closer to 40-50 hours over at least 7-10 sessions for the plot/campaign. Maybe whoever reads this will have different expectations.I give the game a 65 out of 100. Losses being 10 for the bugs, and 25 for the underwhelming plot."
76561197998597178,Recommended,226860,20390085,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,MechaShadowV2,"If you are a fan of the older games, or of 4x space gaes in general then I would highly recomend getting this game.  Gameplay is fun, with an adiquit chalabnge to it for the most part, and has good graphics for the genera and the random events are rather ammusing.    Plus its got a good race editor for costum races.    Only downsides is it can be a bit laggy farther in game you get and and a few races from the previous games are missing due to them either being conquered or outright wiped out in story.   Though the race editor can help take of that second issue with some work."
76561197979474178,Recommended,226860,20378520,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Azzer,"It took me a few games to get back in the swing of things, but I finally got a grip on this game.  The A.I. is properly punishing to you if you don't have an offensive/defensive plan, and the game gets more and more complex as the turns progress.  Loving it so far!"
,Not Recommended,226860,20545633,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Colton Fisker,"Galactic Civilizations 3 is a huge game. I foun it to initially be incredibly overwhelming, and when the excitement of the new game wore off I found it was actually so big, with so much in it and so much room for imagination, that it was actually incredibly generic and became underwhelming. I actually couldn't get myself to open it again after a few hours of gameplay because of the lack of excitement.To give some context, I'm a big player of Civilization games and other srategy games. So I figured I would enjoy this game. Turns out it's individual games that make for a great experience, not genres.Overall, if you want something absolutely massive, this is the game for you. But I personally wouldn'trecommend it."
76561198082964474,Recommended,226860,18491100,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Nexialist,"Very nice game with off course some unfinished parts.positiv things: I bought the game when the patch 1.32 was released and I can say, it only one time crashed in 47h playing, so it is stable now, i would say (System: i5-2500, GTX 560Ti, 8GB-RAM, Win10).All the planets now can be managed seperately!New ressources, which can be used to build special buildings or ships (shipparts...)?Production/Research now carries over, buttt - !!! -- !!! - really annoying: you don't see the amount of research/production which has to be carried over. For example: Factorycost = 50. Planetproduction = 35. So you can build 2 Facotries in 3 Rounds, but there is no information, that you've carried over 20 Production after finishing the first factory! (the same with sips and research)negativ things: too much things, that have to be descided. Several bonuses on a planet -> which one should i focus on?Invasions seem to be very easy? Research tree... Isn't bad, but I think the one in GalCiv II was better?!?Gamebalance is good, but could be better. The AI seems not the be the best, but it's okay. I would have focused more on these aspects than for example on the ship designer..."
76561198093978627,Recommended,226860,18492496,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,itwillbefuntheysaid,"Pros- One of the best 4x games out there- So many custominization options- Tech tree is one of a kind- Late game battles are amazing- AI knows what it's doing on  harder settingsCons- Game slows if you explore most of the enemy owned space ( and may crash turing AI turn )- Demans more time than any other 4x game to finish on the largest, Insane sized mapConclusionIf you have time ( a full day at least ) and you love 4x games then you should buy this gem."
,Recommended,226860,18432885,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,caracciod,"pretty much civ 5 in space, great game, love the ability to make your own custom race."
,Recommended,226860,18431289,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,zkeilwitz,I think im about to end my social life for this game... Thank you game!
76561198006449788,Recommended,226860,18463857,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,hamasmillitant,verymuch the more advanced grandchild of masters of orion.  a excelent 4x game top of its generation for genere
76561198077257741,Recommended,226860,18464101,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,[CLN] Jal Calan,"It's very good. It's obviously not perfect, as it is a game of MASSIVE vision, but it has everything it needs to make the game work well and all the mechanics seem realized and polished and it works. I have had plenty of fun with it and continue to have even more.It has my seal of approval."
76561197961775687,Recommended,226860,18495650,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,[CZ] D4rkL0rd,"Pretty good successor to the GalCiv franchise. Lots of nice improvements, including adjacency bonuses."
76561198009128403,Recommended,226860,18449144,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,whitey0311,"GalCiv 3 is a really fun 4x that has been very well fleshed out. It has a steep learning curve for anyone who is new to the franchise. However, it is well worth learning if you enjoy games like civilization or any turn based game."
76561198031439163,Recommended,226860,16964775,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,knighthawk99,"Updated review:  I finally figured out why the game stopped working.  It appears one of their updates mixed up the two locations where files are to be stored.  For this game, on my 64 bit system, the files got put into the 32 bit area, ergo, why it stopped working.  I changed the reference to the location to point at the 32 bit area, and now the game is working fine.  Now, I am having lots of enjoyment out of the game.Original review starts here:I did like the game when I first got it.  But then, I got busy doing other stuff, and when I heard the map editor had been released, I immediately ordered that add on, only to find that the game itself had stopped working sometime in the last 2 or 3 weeks.  Reading the forums, apparently a patch downloaded about that time, and then the game stopped working for ""everybody"".  On the manufacturer's website, there is NOTHING indicating there is a problem (that I could find).  I have asked Steam for my money back, but it's pretty ""iffy"" if they will allow that or not.I did get 70 hours out of the game the first couple of weeks after I got it.  Now, you try run it, and nothing happens, no errors, no messages.  Nothing."
76561198099417672,Recommended,226860,25596820,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,dramey,"Pretty good game except for the constant bugs. Game wants to lock up betweeen turns once you start passing on or putting ships on guard or sentry mode. Sometimes i can get it moving again by finding the ship that got it stuck and moving it. Would be nice if you could address that issue, thx."
76561197972109744,Recommended,226860,25597248,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,BigPapaGun,i just love it! my only thing i would have like to control ship in combat beside that it really great. largest galaxy tend to require insane CPU power.
76561197976044707,Recommended,226860,25588617,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ljr901,Great game keeps you busy.
76561198306321708,Recommended,226860,25830496,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DarthJesus73,fun game
76561198274907912,Recommended,226860,23437040,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,theplumber021,"Its addicting.STOP! dont try this game unless your ready for a big commitment.Epic scale Planet management,Diplomacy,trade,fleet management,and oh ya... the neighbors... theyre hungry! I havent put this game down since i bought it ! One day of play and i bought all the addonns and expansions and havent quit playin it since"
76561198018634898,Recommended,226860,23542903,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,willcoleman935,"Amazing game, will obsorb countless hours of your life. One of the best space-age strategy games I've seen."
76561197971454669,Recommended,226860,23527070,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,jw6420,BEST GAME EVER SLOW START
76561198152127365,Recommended,226860,23712469,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mr. Butler,"Gal Civ 3 is my first Gal game so maybe I'm biased. But compared to Stellaris and other 4x games in space, it has good complexities and good simplicities, and best of all they mix pretty well. And beyond its gameplay is its fun ship builder which is unique for most 4x games. Now it isn't the prettiest game and its lore isn't high end, but its strategies are fun and each of the 4x's get 4 stars."
76561198108175731,Recommended,226860,23703974,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,dementedleach,"The minimap needs a control to center it where the player wants it and the main map doesn't zoom out far enough before all the graphics turn to symbols. It would also be nice if there was a way to set ships to patrol, set up defencive boundries or anything to help defend territory. Other than those things, it's a great game."
76561198032640471,Recommended,226860,23686679,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,novec,Excellent Game. The mechanics have changed just enough to make it a different experience from GalCiv2.
76561198074316263,Recommended,226860,23660292,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,cmkern84,"I usually see ""stardock"" and i purchase the game, but i am having second thoughts since buying this title, and am thinking of seeking a refund.I can barely get 3 or 4 turns out of it before it freezes after you end your turn, constantly reloading the game is getting very frustrating. I will still give this game a positive rating trusting that Stardock will correct the issue, as they have been active so far. Gaming has come a long way since I purchased my first game for an old 8088 (Pool of Radiance).Do love the recent update that added experience and levels to your ships, i would just love to see some special traits added every 5 levels of so to even more customize your ships.Don't love the combat sequence, why bother ever viewing a combat. And planet invasion are a bore.But if you love to build and expand, GC3 is the game for you."
76561198034418664,Recommended,226860,24023763,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,darian235,"If you like 4X this game is great. I do not know if it quite lives up to Civ5, but its great on its own strengths. However, there are places where it excels above and beyond Civ 5. The ship builder and the custom fleet design options are amazing. I had Galxay class star ships crusising around exterminating squirrels, it was great.The option to design your own race and dictate its strengths and weaknesses was amazing. I have fought the green tide of an ORK WWAAAGGGHHHHH! Not good with the designer? download a template from the steamworkshop, (got a great community of skilled ship makers out there) and have the federation vs. Klingons if you want.Some negatives. The game has a pretty steep learning curve, so stick with it. Late game on larger galaxies can degrade into a bit of micro managaing. (which isnt the worst if you like that sort of thing like thing like I do)Diplomacy seems more solid than it does in Civ 5. All and all worth the purchase price in my opinion."
,Recommended,226860,24171298,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,melorbode,got mercinareis but it won't install
76561198050224955,Recommended,226860,24215246,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,jalbadour,"Awesome fun, can play this game for hours."
76561198008089451,Recommended,226860,24218508,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Exception,Very gut game in the best tradition of civilization! I especially like the ship designer.
76561198012225837,Not Recommended,226860,19527460,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,pendergast4,"Fun, but REALLY NEEDS a help menu encylopedia like Civilization.  Now that I got Stellaris buy that instead and skip this game entirely!"
,Recommended,226860,24246166,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,rankorwrathborn,"The AI is particularly adept at kicking my butt, but the game is fun until then."
76561198044352340,Recommended,226860,24238670,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,tjscar91,"Its a difficult game for beginners.  I recomend looking up guides before you start, however its really fun once you learn how to play.  I recomend research manufacturing, research, then weapons and start building you military early on or else the computers will all attack you."
76561197981388008,Recommended,226860,23368915,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,bhawk717,One of the best turn based space themed civ games I've played
76561198251669280,Recommended,226860,23459060,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Lurdo,"Balanced and visually attractive. Depending on your preferences you can have either quick and intense games or long, carefully planned races for survival in huge galaxies.In general, even in the longest matches the AI manages to put the player under pressure and, unlike other games in the genre, you have always the choice of a drastical change of strategical approach.I specially liked the unique, beautiful hex-tile worlds with different geographies and colorful resources (as opposite to the classical facility-list worlds), the ship designer and this bit of hitchhiker sense of humour.On the down-side, missed some things like a more interesting ground combat (for example, the possibility of tile-by-tile invasions that can last for many game turns), more fleshy fleet features and a little bit of minor bug polishing.A capital ship class  game for space 4X fans."
76561198035676388,Recommended,226860,23459357,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,tommy_b,"This game is huge, sprawling, versatile, and fun. I feel like the tech tree takes a long time to get through, so individual games are kind of a long slog. But building your own custom-made ships out of components you have researched, tailoring your planets for customized focuses, and maximizing benefits from starbases make this game a fully immersive turn-based experience.Compared to Galactic Civilizations IIClose to the same thing, but with two major differences: Far better graphics, and each race has its own set of technologies, buildings, and abilities.Compared to Civilization VWhile I think Civ V is still probably the better game overall, why rule the world when you can rule the galaxy? Gal Civ III is a little less balanced, the music gets more repetitive, and warfare is more confusing to conduct. But if you love Civ V as much as I do, Gal Civ III is a nice change of pace.Compared to Civilization: Beyond EarthI mean, I hardly need to state at this point that BE is simply a bad Civ V mod. And again, while colonizing one planet is kind of fun, controlling a whole galaxy is way cooler."
76561198142570663,Not Recommended,226860,18423055,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Knight of Pentacles,The ground combat system is oversimplified. Therefore battling over planets is uninteresting and repetitive. The ground units are added to one trip only spaceships with an actual slider to indicate how many millions of ground forces you send. I thought this method was just a placeholder when the game was in alpha.All DLC up to Feb 22-2016 does nothing to correct the problem regarding the ridiculously oversimplified planetary ground force invasions. All other work on this game should be suspended until this design oversite has been resolved.
76561198264305132,Recommended,226860,23368609,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,mannythebezair,"I've played before the graphics were changed, needless to say. This version is a lot better."
76561197991381588,Recommended,226860,23361932,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,AgentPenguinHack,"One of my favorite space 4x.  Gal Civ 3 is a fun evoluation of the series, although I miss the astroid mining...."
76561198009450667,Recommended,226860,23279831,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Tropico,I have played The Galactic Civilization franchise for many years. This game is a great revamp of those franchises. If you ever played the others you'll love this game for the price that I bought it. Got it on sale with all dlc's for 26 dollars. Well worth the money for what you get.I understand what others are saying though. This version does not blow your mind with any new ideas. It is though a better deal at this price point than Civilization BE. That franchise has been doing alot of cookie cutter stuff lately and it hasnt been very good. For the money and the memories it brings me I think this is a good buy.
76561198050541089,Recommended,226860,21032871,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,KHARN,what a beautiful game i enjoy it very much
76561198010709190,Recommended,226860,21033333,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Laurimus,A really good 4x space strategy game.
76561198057859567,Recommended,226860,21218819,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,skj_smile,Mechanics close to GalCivII. Graphics improved. Almost exactly what you would expect in a 4X strategy game.
76561198170337093,Recommended,226860,21272980,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,gkf-jnk,"The game is rich in mechanisms to control the outcome.There are some difficulties in information acquisition.  The diplomacy screen does not indicate how other players view each other, only what they think of you.  The authors may feel that this should always be secret but this does not seem reasonable.The AI always seems to do much better than (this player anyway) and it is not clear how this is being accomplished.  The graphs provide more of a result of efforts by the other players in place of the actions taken by the other players to achieve the results.  This is a delicate balance between omnicience which may make bad play and insufficient information to acquire skill at play.New players should expect to have their heads handed to them for months of regular play.  But I like a challenge."
76561198105438773,Recommended,226860,21228637,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Mjollnir,"Excellent Game..  Turn based 4x space strategy with Freeplay, multiplayer and career modes.. Offers Choice, Customization and complete Civilization development system.. never played prequels but i recommend this game to anyone without previous/biased series experience.. sid meiers civ x Age of Wonders in space.. enjoy (or dont lol)"
76561197975744062,Recommended,226860,21221028,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,stuguy909,"I love Gal Civ, am a huge fan.  I have played these games since the first.  I am also an adamant 4X player.  This game was released over a year ago and has had several DLC.  I chose to wait to buy this game later in hopes to snag all the DLC and get a game patched and ready to rock.  For the most part, this is a classic Gal Civ game with all the latest bells and wistles in 4x graphics.  However, it's just that, a graphical improvement on that same old game.  There are a couple of interesting features like ship roles and support ships, but don't expect much else to be new.  It's still a solid 4x game, and I am glad I waited to pick it up for a bargain deal.  I definitely like Gal Civ, and this is definitely that.Now the bad:Bugs.  Namely crash to desktop.  Multiplayer is still near unplayable.  My friend and I experienced crash to desktop and host disconnects about once every hour or two.  We learned to save every turn because we didn't know when we were going to get booted, or the AI would get stuck on a turn indefinitely.  I am surprised the multiplayer experience is so bugged out after over a year of support.  Single player is more stable, but the game crashes to desktop every once and a while, so save often.Overall, if you like Gal Civ, you will like this game.  If you are kicking the tires, wait for a steam sale before you pull the trigger on a purchase."
76561198005425930,Recommended,226860,21223496,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,riggermortis,"It is an awesome empire building game, love the way you can design your own ships."
,Recommended,226860,21220457,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,MasterBETA,"Please note that I basically only play this game in multiplayer and with my friend.Pros: Really fun and indepth game, the game is large enough to play multiplayer and each game takes several hours. It is a lot of fun and they allow you to custom make ships (wish the visuals was actually important) and they allow you to make custome races which is great. The game is worth the value.Cons: The map creator is not built into the game, it is $5.00 and with the game being $50.00 you can just think of it as part of most game's $60.00 tag. The multiplayer has an issue where it will freeze on the AI's turns and you have to have the person who is not the host save on the turn before it happens, quit the game, and then the non-host has to host off of the save. It is an easy work around but really annoying and scary the first time it happens because I thought we lost a 20+ hour game. The biggest grip I have with the game is you cannot view your ally's or even teammates battles in multiplayer that is kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I am not sure why the Dev limited the multiplayer maps to being smaller than single player. If people want to play on insane let them.Lastly another issue is you have not control over your ships in battle like you do in the Total War Series (probabbly my favorite series we bought this game to take a break from it and Civilizations 5).If you have any other questions or comments about it feel free to IM me and I will be glad to help you out!"
,Recommended,226860,21219527,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,mlage34,Very great take on a 4X game.
,Recommended,226860,23476212,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,setwyndj,I like the variety. I like the difference between races. I like the huge amount of science techs.I dislike the slow pace. I dislike the nonobvious development of science techs and planets.
,Recommended,226860,23259858,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,DOPAMEME NOMAD,Game Took a while to learn and seems to have a military leaning game play so it is very hard to use other strategies in the game. Worth the money.
76561198111261076,Recommended,226860,22846184,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,wenzel.int,"Overall a nice 4X game, in particular because it is not too long. Played only single player so far."
76561198258507763,Recommended,226860,22817133,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,timothy.j.prather,A Classic 4X game. I have enjoyed it so far and the custom ships are killer
76561198036656722,Recommended,226860,22874356,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,oldschool,Solid Game
76561197971856320,Recommended,226860,22871284,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Hellion2112,Fun strategy game.
76561198017891568,Recommended,226860,22887051,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Armoryk,"Overall I like the game and the level of detail and control available. I would like to be able to set multiple waypimts for ships, especially scout and sruvey vessels. I would also like a ""coup de gras"" feature for mopping up AI civilizations in a conquest game. Ships being upgraded should be able to stay with named fleets after upgrade. And ship or fleet experience would be my main suggestions for future updates.Also there should be a playable method of a ""single home planet"" victory, maybe with a special level 25 homeworld that would only be playable in that mode, with a limited set of victory conditions."
76561198006501189,Recommended,226860,22851065,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Queengoth Sparklebitch,"I was a huge fan of Galactic Civilisations 2 its not a huge leap to say it was one of my favorite games of all time, Galactic Civilisations 3 while not revolutionary, improves slightly in every area and for those of us who played and loved its predessecor its a very well designed thoroughly enjoyable step up that stays true to its roots and provides an experience that sucks you right back in where the last one left off.With its almost endless customisation, thriving modding community, vast replayability and now improved tactical depth i whole heartedly recommend this to anyone whos a fan of Galcivs 2, or endless space or stardrive etc.Galactic civilisations once again reclaiming its spot as the daddy of space strategy."
76561198027248815,Recommended,226860,22852868,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,anarchist,Great way to waste an afternoon!
76561198000975212,Recommended,226860,30768320,Posted: 27 March,all,anjin_iga,awesome game
76561197963500162,Recommended,226860,21886414,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Tex,I like the game alot. It has so much to it. You have to make sure you read it good to understand what something do or it will change the game in what you want to do so take your time and look into it more. I love the Battleships they are awesome. I am still learning the game it is big. But I love big games. The harder they are the better I get at it.
76561197985858371,Recommended,226860,21888287,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,FkT,"fun to play, engaging for a long time. more complex than other games."
76561198070717055,Recommended,226860,21885206,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,biggee316,"I have been a fan of this franchise since it's 1st edition, and I have played all of it's expansions, and all-in-all, I have to say that it's perhaps one of my favorite space strategy games of all time. To me, the ""Ship Designer"" is certainly what sets this game apart from any other space strategy game, where the player has direct control of his fleet's customization, from ship hull design to weapon and defensive component loadouts, and to me, that is a very immersive powerful feature. Also something that I have seldom seen pointed out in other reviews, is that Humans actually start on ""Earth""... Other games that I have also enjoyed, have humanity start in some undescript planet called Xozborz or something... lol... Again, to me that is a small but very immersive detaill that GalCiv games have always had. The economic, scientific, and diplomatic aspects of the game are just the right balance between  micro-management and game-flow, so it doesnt become tedious for the player to focus on that, yet it still plays an intricate and important  role in game. The battle system is where I have my only complaint, and it's not the fleet battles; those are very immersive, while the player does not have direct control over the tactical aspect of a fleet battle, your choices of how you design your ships makes a big difference between voctory or defeat, but the ship detail, weapon effects and even the fact that if you fight in orbit around a planet, it will actually show the planet in the background in the battle ""cut scene"", I think that is fantastic; however there are no planetary invasion ""cut-scenes"", and that has always been my dissapointment  with GalCiv, and I was hoping that for the 3rd incarnation of the game, the devs would have added some sort of animation or more immersive representation of such a huge undertaking as is the invasion of an entire planet... but for whatever reason they didn't deem it necessary or important to include, so just having a little pop-up window telling you the stats of your planet invasion battle is a bit underwhelming when, based on how the space battles are shown, you would expect land invasion to have some kind of army battle unfold in a ""cut-scene"" like the fleet battles, with a city or planetary landscape map with your forces hashing it out... I think that would have been neat to see. Hopefuly someday, or in a future edition (Which I hope they develop some day) they will add this feature. Overall, GalCiv III took a big leap improving the ""Ship Design"" feature, but as far as the rest of the game, it was a small baby step away from the previous version GalCiv II... but i still recommend this game to anyone that likes the franchise and strategy games in general."
76561198098775082,Recommended,226860,21778183,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,eye of beholder,"Have played about 25 hours worth.  Still learning how to win. Enjoy 4x games. Really like the graphics, visuals.Hope in future expansions add more races, different techs specific to races.Really like GC 3.Can recommend this game, to anyone that enjoys the challenge of 4x in Space."
76561198033595194,Recommended,226860,21778507,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,joyfulldragon,"As a strategy gamer Galactic Civ 3 is  a truly awesome game....Still tring to dominate the beginner level, its certainly a challange. I hope that game expansions and new features are added over time."
76561198030742429,Not Recommended,226860,21781052,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Toadman,Not different enough than GalCiv2.  Unless you liked that one enough to play it repeatedly don't waste your money.
76561198046468042,Recommended,226860,21781187,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,kinga1958,FUN
76561198005776606,Recommended,226860,21874590,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,michael_white,some improvements over the last version they finaly caped pop at the pop limit.
76561198101600934,Recommended,226860,21840784,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,jwilderful,still learning the ropes.
76561198030850378,Not Recommended,226860,17003250,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Gashlycrumb,The game seems like it would be really fun but the performace is so slow I can't even finish a gmae.
76561198030028195,Recommended,226860,24624782,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,His Majesty's Victory,"Missing slightly the individual planet micro, but overall a really great game."
,Recommended,226860,24638565,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,The Ships Cat,"Well there is a lot to do, and a lot to learn.  I've had some serious crash issues playing on the insance map but other than that the game has been pretty stable. Overall the only problem I have is that I don't have time to play as much as I would like and end game on larger maps can take a LONG time"
76561198009782677,Recommended,226860,22906659,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,sum_stupid_punk,"It will take some trial and error. Save yourself some trouble and read a guide or two.But once you understand what youre doing, you'll become addicted."
76561198032451345,Recommended,226860,24511259,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,km11229,the muliplayer connection sucks.. but the game is really fun till a connection (which is most of the time) is not optimal you or the host will dc screwing up the game in the process
76561198126388193,Recommended,226860,24512767,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,abz62894,"All around the game is good but there are a few problems with it. 1) The game likes to crash in multiplayer if there are too many moving ships even if all players were to stop theirs the cpus will crash it or cause the game to not start the next turn. 2) Non-aggro cpus become extremely militaristic over the slightist things, occasionally starting a war which leads to problem 1) or tries to eliminate the player early on or asap. 3) Multiplayer options are still not avaliable to use or are missing. I would rcommend it though only to a certian point."
76561197993699474,Not Recommended,226860,24505960,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Cosh_Holga,I found myself getting board with this game very fast. Its an ok game but very slow and Ive had more fun playing other civ games. I got the game on sale to compair MOO3...so far im likeing that better. Over all its an ok game but a remake with nothing new and almost as many DLC as Train simulator games. I cant recommend this to anyone given the current state.
76561198117265637,Recommended,226860,30828108,Posted: 30 March,all,cheesesteakneggs,"pretty good game to pass a weekend or two bye, the design feature is good however it would be great if you could change the background color for that. but other than that 8/10"
76561198112725111,Not Recommended,226860,24545386,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Lionheart,"If you played the old games, no point in getting this. No new experiences to be had."
,Recommended,226860,24266279,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,mhennick88,"I like this build/conquer the world/galaxy building game, cool ship designer.  Replayability is good as you can play multiple games with different races, custom races and ability to mod the game.  However 2 player online is usually pretty buggy after ~75 to 125 turns based on size of map etc.  Have to save and restart enough to not play 2 player online."
76561198095835421,Recommended,226860,24639833,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,dbohn01,"It's a fun game, just like the original and I appreciate the updated graphics!  It's definitely challenging if you're looking for that.A few bugs that it still has going on is sometimes when attack something in space, the game will glitch and not actually attack the target.  You then have to wait 15 - 20 sec for some kind of delayed attack (it looks like a photon torpedoe coming from the other side of the map) to blow up the target.  Then things resume as normal.Other than that, not bad.  The game mechanics are a little slow and in the next update, it would be nice if there's a way to speed it up.  Meaning, attacks and flying around are slow and when you're playing a campaign or a really large map, and you have hundreds of those moves, it would be nice if you could speed that process up.For instance, if you're attacking someone who doesn't have their ships stacked in a fleet and you  have to attack each one, one-at-a-time, even on ""quick attack"" each attack takes several seconds.  Same for when you're flying ships for long distances, it would be nice to be able to speed that process up, just like you can if you've ever played Age of Wonders and you hit the space bar and it pushes all movements up to full speed.  I know, little stuff (which is great that it's little and not major!), but again, when you're a fan and play really large games, those would be great efficiencies to have!But, overall I'm still playing it, so it's definitely worth it."
76561197996823613,Recommended,226860,24633145,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Swajius,"Have played the previous version and this ends up being a more upgraded one overall. The tech trees are better and I really enjoyed the mercenary feature, helps a lot if you don't want to go heavy military early on. I like the addition of the special resources but would like to see more variety in the things that use them. Love the in game events, some are quite hilarious and really enjoy the Ideology paths.Looking forward to other expansions and would really like to the see the planet destroyer space stations added to the game again.Cons: The game does seem to have a memory leak like the last one, but it does not seem as bad. The custom race builder is really nice, but some of my favorite bonuses are gone, some of the new ones are really nice though, so maybe that balances out."
76561198052377540,Recommended,226860,24752941,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Slammin Sam,"Love the game.  Always was a fan of Galactic Civilizations.  Own 1, 2 and 3."
76561198048910775,Recommended,226860,21376419,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Bacon Seed,"They resolved the defense/offense imbalance from version 2.  This makes ship mixes far more relevant.  The colony proximity bonuses makes planetary management more enjoyable as well.  The Tech tree continues to grow which is not always a good thing in games butworks for this one as the progressions make sense while enabling you to adapt to needs.The ship management system is still a mess.  As each enemy and each new tech alters the ships you want to build in any one game.  This result in a massive library of ships that is difficult to navigate and reuse.  It needs to let  you organize ships by function and sort alphabetically.I miss the fleet experience mechanism.  The one consolation to spending each turn fighting 5-10 skirmishes across the map was the benefit of experience.  Now, it is just a chore.Overall though it is an improvement over GalCiv 2 and I find myself wanting to return to it despite the non-stop flyswatting exercise requred to keep my borders free of erstwhile marrauders."
,Recommended,226860,25086256,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Axelon,"While the tech tree feels a lot shorter than in GC II, it's still got a lot of empire building to offer."
76561198020172653,Recommended,226860,25084018,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,fjDarwin,i like it!  you can create your own race!  you can create your own ships!  ANYTHING!
76561198007096407,Recommended,226860,25060931,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ScotterDay,"Oh God there's so much to learn. Not for the faint of heart- but if you want some depth, you've got it!"
76561198076081400,Recommended,226860,24880329,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,DeadStarNova,"I enjoy turn based strategy games. This one can expand to a huge number of actions taken per turn. You can customize your units to look really and truly awesome, while increasing their usefulness. I like this game a lot. My only issue is how much computer resources it requires. I can crash out sometimes saving ship build designs, or as i hit Turn. The game is very addictive tho."
,Recommended,226860,24883301,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,DeathElitist,"If you love to fantasize about being the ruler of an enormous galaxy, the commander of a massive and diverse naval fleet or a badass galactic conqueror, then buy this game. GalCiv 3 is the pleasent culmination of 4X Grand Strategy with almost too many little details to monitor. If decision-making and long-term planning are to your taste, then please, buy this game!"
76561198119016959,Recommended,226860,14686738,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ltuck1988,Have to say after my first review i was not happy at all but now after a few betas it has much improved tho after a long period of playing the same game it will still crash randomly but overall alot better
76561198046230042,Recommended,226860,14137823,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,email,OK so I was able to play the game to 108 turns (I think) before it crashed. Significant improvement. I am still not sure why it is crashing (or was crashing so quickly). My RAM is 8 GB and processor is an i7 so they should be fine. The only thing I can think is my graphics card which is an integrated laptop card. I believe I looked at one point it has 1 GB of dedicated video memory. The display adapter is an Intel(R) HD Graphics 4000 if that helps anyone. So I will change my vote to yes for now...So I cannot play this game. I have tried to restart it several times and even restart my PC. I am running Windows 7 with more than the recomended resources. I am not sure what is going on but it keeps locking up. It is not exactly consistent. I have not been able to compelte the second turn... I am not recomending this right now as it cannot be played. Even a Beta must run... It is disapointing. I wasted many hours playing II and I was hoping for a new waste of my time but it looks like all I got was a waste of my money.
76561197960283776,Not Recommended,226860,17619980,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,RetroVertigo,"What a disapointment, its galciv2 but not even as polished or even as well functioning. Even if they had released a civ5 type addition it would of been better.Galciv2 is one of the best strategy games ever, sadly 3 here isnt even a good copy of it, dont quite understand how a company that made the first ones can screw up this one as they have done.Not even any workshop/mod content, once again it isnt wise to get early access games regardless of the developer."
76561197993403460,Recommended,226860,15757000,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Duke Mike,After the latest download it was running pretty smooth till I destroyed one of my colonies to keep it out of opponents hands...game crashed
,Recommended,226860,25236778,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,signal1101,"If you enjoy 4x games (especially the previous entries in this franchise), then this is a general improvement over its predecessors.  Recommended."
76561198079464455,Recommended,226860,25237403,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,johnaccuardi,"This is a great game, with great graphics, and memorable music.  The graphics in general have a ton of detail, but the search functions are a touch lacking.  Try to find an unmined resource mid-game, and you're stuck just hunting visually by moving the map.  Minor races do not have their own influence color or industry or population color, so searching for them is equally tedious."
76561198046165162,Recommended,226860,25232785,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,HonkyTonkMan,"This game is great. The first Galactic Civilizations game was my introduction to 4X games. Now I'm a big fan of 4X games and when I started playing this one it delivered. I love the aesthetics, I love the gameplay, I love the strategy. The balance between each victory option is where this game shines. You have to simultaneously do well in each victory pathway while being superior in one of them. Ignoring culture is not an option, ignoring your military isn't an option, and middling in all the paths isn't an option. It's so frustrating, and so good. Winning feels earned and it's incredible."
76561198070887565,Recommended,226860,25272793,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Stroma Wolken,"Steps to becoming a meme amongst your ""friends"";-Start a game with a class 15 planet(so you don't get 2 starting planets)-Spend the first 40 turns looking for a single habitable planet (make sure your habital planet setting is on abundant, wouldn't want you to spend 40 turns looking for one after all)-By the time you've reached your ships maximum range your friend has already found you and colonized several planets-Have them help you find a planet-Have them find a class 21 planet 2 stars from your colonizer-They detect a colony ship from a different faction closing in-Lose the only planet you can colonize within the next 80 turns-Becomes the one planet meme9/11 would waste 3 hours looking for 1 planet to colonize and have your dreams crushed by fat slugs."
76561198096437217,Recommended,226860,29237371,Posted: 13 January,all,jrpersson,"Overall a fun game. Gets a little tedious at times, especially when you are losing. Could additional game slots."
,Recommended,226860,29196130,Posted: 11 January,all,Semaja,The kind of game where you can play for 4 hours and not even notice.
,Recommended,226860,32244581,Posted: 7 June,all,stykman22,An excellent follow up to the Gal Civ II series.  The art is stunning and the game never gets boring or repetitive.
76561197999866098,Recommended,226860,32219025,Posted: 6 June,all,kengstrom,Just simply awesome!  Must have for galactic strategy fans.
76561198110028210,Recommended,226860,32317219,Posted: 10 June,all,Felonis82,It's a pretty good space civ game. Sometimes randomly crashes at times. Alot going on. But overall I enjoy learning the system and trying to beat the crap outta the other guys.
76561198037930915,Recommended,226860,32305468,Posted: 9 June,all,markjms1971,I like the changes they made with the latest release.
76561198072559474,Recommended,226860,32305989,Posted: 9 June,all,dylan.jezewski,"While not always a perfect game, if you like turn based strategy, sci-fi, and loads of content, then this game is for you! I have never been good at these games and frankly, I DON'T CARE. It is fun, addicting, and never fails to suck up hours of my day! I love this franchise and hope to see it have a long, fruitful future.  A 3/5 for me but with so much cheap DLC and mods, this game has no problem being a 4/5."
76561198030737399,Recommended,226860,32305923,Posted: 9 June,all,prsmith59,"Ok so I recently bought GCIII and all of it's add ons. I like the game but have a few what the hell comments. The game has been out for several years now and gotten numerous updates. Why are there only a handful of planet events? The insects, the nurovirus that kills some but makes others smarter, etc You couldn't come up with a few dozen different scenarios in all this time? also why do two Civs start with earth, Sol & Mars???? Couldn't think of something creative like Earth2 and give mars and Sol another name?That said the game is pretty good although I'm still only in easy mode trying to figure out all the concepts."
76561198040116861,Recommended,226860,16036479,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Dungeonhealer,ok i guess
76561198075817957,Recommended,226860,32188281,Posted: 4 June,all,lapofi,Great game. I am a 4x fan for many years and thnk this is a worthy entry into the genre.
76561198013646194,Recommended,226860,32192053,Posted: 4 June,all,Cao-de-guerra,Simply Adorable game!
76561197971156578,Recommended,226860,31552700,Posted: 4 May,all,melkeor,"Galactic Civ 3 is a great 4x game. I had some issues with launching that cleared up randomly.I am back to putting in hours on tihs gameThank you to Stardock support for coming into my thread.... that level of service means a lot to me, and it changed my review."
76561198000299797,Not Recommended,226860,18275978,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,robert6106,Wow please wake me up....if it wasn't for my frequent bath room breaks and beer drinking I would of gave up on it...wow did I wast my money. thats time I'll never get back
,Recommended,226860,32033718,Posted: 28 May,all,Big Country,Awesome as the last two games!
,Recommended,226860,32018672,Posted: 28 May,all,Nubenoob,it's ok i guess
76561198038624208,Recommended,226860,32024157,Posted: 28 May,all,TobiWenKenobi,awesome game. love it alot
,Not Recommended,226860,24302069,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,whaler223,"really boring, looks like it was released 10 years ago"
76561198068937000,Recommended,226860,31993450,Posted: 27 May,all,Maniakes,Best Game Ever.  And getting better with every DLC.
76561198070711181,Recommended,226860,32008967,Posted: 27 May,all,justvergel,"great customization, my first 4x game so very overwhelming, need more and better tooltips. Ive been enjoying the diplomacy and war of course. Needs continuing polish and support"
76561198049953598,Recommended,226860,31981940,Posted: 26 May,all,resonance,it's fun
76561197970520928,Recommended,226860,31972967,Posted: 26 May,all,Entropy Avatar,"The base version of GalCiv3 is a competent space 4x, with a great ancestry and it's own unique style. My main criticism of the base game is that it's a bit too generic. However, the Crusade expansion really takes the game to the next level. Very interesting gameplay from the start!"
,Recommended,226860,32030007,Posted: 28 May,all,revvach,A great sandbox with a wonderful selection of DLCs and fan based support!
76561198268594286,Recommended,226860,23369253,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,xantham222,"yes and no, worth a try."
76561198056806526,Recommended,226860,23369401,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,curator.p2,Galactic Civilization III set the bar for space empire building games.  With near infinite options to customize almost ever aspect of the game it is a game you will come back to over and over again.
76561198121910174,Recommended,226860,23384151,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,j.mac,"A good way to waste a few hours.  Fun, but a very steep learning curve."
76561198050308022,Recommended,226860,29682231,Posted: 3 February,all,N1k0,"Galactic Civilizations III is everything I want from a turn based civ builder.  It borrows everything a Sid meyers game does right, and it adds in a depth of customization and simplicity without dumbing the game down.  The only flaws with the game is multiplayer Co-op games do not have a simultaneous turn option, making multiplayer turns take forever on the larger maps.  Secondly the ship builder requires the use of the middle mouse button and it isn't rebindable; so with my cheap mouse whose MMB isn't registered by my OS the customization options I can use are limited."
76561198117839092,Recommended,226860,29943832,Posted: 15 February,all,mystborne,"Galactic Civilization III is a time suck.  And that is high compliment for 4X game.  It is so easy to get immersed into this game and not realize how much time ahs gone by.   You can play by yourself or competatively with others however you choose.Sure there are things that could be done better.  Control during space battles for one.  But the truth of the mater is that wih all the flaws and all the good, this game is simply fun, engrossing and as challenging as you want it to be.  It gives you the flexibility to play your way while ""living"" inside the created universe."
76561198033462713,Recommended,226860,29920486,Posted: 14 February,all,jimmyz99,this game has come a long way from its humble beginnings i Highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys turn based games.
76561198081114763,Recommended,226860,29927733,Posted: 14 February,all,THEFUZZYWALL,game is wonderful!!! I'm addicted and the ship design takes up all my play time cause it's so damn fun.
76561198054852666,Not Recommended,226860,29801266,Posted: 9 February,all,Slimdragoon,MY online experience is as follows. We played for about 20 minutes and got like 4 turns done. With 2 minutes of loading and switching to other players turn it was just unplayable at turn 1. Very dissapointing experience. With this quality they should have atleast had Hot seat to play localy.to play with a patient friend.STAY AWAY!
76561198007610625,Recommended,226860,29856512,Posted: 11 February,all,entpooh,love this game
76561198039269504,Recommended,226860,29860023,Posted: 11 February,all,rmorf,fun and addicting
,Recommended,226860,29816059,Posted: 9 February,all,matthew.scott,I love the whole concept of the game. It is a great idea and expansion on the Civ games.I do not like that lack of encyclopedia for the game. I do not know the tech tree very well. What kind of ships do what? What are the other space faring civs like?
76561198053842275,Recommended,226860,29844711,Posted: 11 February,all,nitsuj.san,"Great 4x Strategy game! Good pacing, a robust technology tree, smooth interface, high replayability. Fun for hours and hours!"
,Recommended,226860,29813361,Posted: 9 February,all,McBeefsteak,10/10 would buy again. Constant patching and solid updates!
,Recommended,226860,29835240,Posted: 10 February,all,zeevius,"A good game all around. I feel like they could've made it shine with a few more features.A few would like to haves:- Administrators are an interesting touch, and I feel that we are one step closer to heroes :?- Espionage is non existent- I'd like to see the rare resource economy developed a little better. For now you can pretty much ignore it- More galactic wonders?- Better space combat control. Right now it's just a meat grinder- More varied research pathsThis are all things that would make it a little better. There are many ways you can develop this game further. But as it stands the game is great even though a little basic"
76561198024917298,Recommended,226860,29754334,Posted: 6 February,all,Ken,Fun.
76561197969575167,Not Recommended,226860,29198643,Posted: 11 January,all,ALL-STAR,"I will rather eat razorblades and crawl on broken glass than buy any Stardock product anymore.nice 8-bit nintendo graphics on spacefight, whos the sponsor of sponsors sponsor ?"
76561198076790014,Recommended,226860,29698293,Posted: 4 February,all,dpowell.dwp,"Ok, I've got 60 hours into this game and I can give my review.  First a bit of back story, I have played Galactic Civ II for years but not a ton the recent past.  I also have endless space.  Both are good games, not great games.  I have Endless Legend - not in the same category but I love the artwork, love, love the graphics.Anyway, I held off buying Galactic Civ III for almost 2 years on purpose.  I read the reviews, read the forums and was astounded by the quantity and price of the DLC's.  Holy heck I hate that business model, but I sort of understand it given the cost to develop these games.  Finally the reviews and price alligned on the last sale. I got the base game, precurser worlds and lost treasures DLC's all for $21.  Good deal.  I skipped Mercenaries because I play on larger universes and the concensus was that it was a non-issue on big maps and a bit rng finding the hub (bazar). I skipped the DLC's introducing new races - maybe I'll regret that one, but I always play custom races anyway.Since I like nice pretty full maps I used the nice guide on Steam to pump up the # of stars on the map, the quantity of habitable planets and the size.  Very nice.Next, I decided how I wanted to play the game since fortunately it is pretty easy to change up things if you are used to diving into game files. Don't do this unless you know what you are doing because you can screw up big time - I learned a ton about doing things when modding Galactic Civilizations II so I had a leg up. Since I play only single player I have only myself to judge whether I am being fair.  That being said I pumped up custom race to include (for free if you will) enhanced sensors because I find exploring a tad tedious.  I also gave myself the ability to have a planet by planet wheel (also for free) since I am a micro managing fiend.  In return I never use the focus features.All set on 2nd to hardest AI difficulty I have been liking the game.  It is stable, it is good looking, it makes sense.  The individual sliders do make the game micro intensive - I can see why the developers took them out - they are not for everyone.Without boring you with details, I give the game a big thumbs up, it is way better than the previous Galactic Civilizations II.  I am glad I waited for the polish.  The planet tile changes were inspired, it's a game changer.  I am glad I waited for patch 2.0 so I wouldn't be mired in the starbase spam which I am sure I would have hated."
76561198042912157,Recommended,226860,29705879,Posted: 4 February,all,heesgivenuadream,"Most everything that was good about Galctic Civ II is here.I really enjoyed the feeling of expanding outward and exploring the universe. The tech trees are diverse, though a little slow crawling in some lines.However, some of the Ai grow much too quickly. Even at lower difficulties the more militant civs grown at an unfair pace, which basically removes military as a victory condition. Also the game chugs and drops framerate even on low graphics.All in all I don't think its as good as Galactic Civ II but its still pretty good."
76561198039355581,Recommended,226860,29702000,Posted: 4 February,all,darthjay351,"A good game.  It's comparable if not slightly better than it's predeccesor.  I will admit the extensive (and expensive all together) DLC had me hold off until the game was on sale.  Further, I'm not happy that espionage is still missing and won't be added until another upcoming DLC.  I'm not a fan of companies releasing games and leaving out features in favor of adding them in later for an extra $10.  That said, however, I am satisfied with my purchase and would recommend this game to any 4X fan.  On a final note:  the ship builder is just as awesome as it was in GalCiv2 and now lets you manipulate the pieces even more.  Almost worth the normal asking price just for that.  Careful though, it will eat even more of your time."
,Recommended,226860,29714925,Posted: 5 February,all,Oodelolly,"This is my favorite 4X game. It takes some time to get used to and there are certain things that could be explained a bit better in the tutorial/manual. Watch a youtube guide and try to get over the initial learning curve. Once you do, you'll find an amazing game with incredible replayablility!"
,Recommended,226860,29762526,Posted: 7 February,all,Brandon,Not since playing CIV 1 on my IBM 386 have I been this addicted to a game.  GC3 has tapped into a deep psychological sickness that has been buried in me for years.
76561198039901373,Not Recommended,226860,29710122,Posted: 4 February,all,0ne_tw0,"Well,Played a lot of GC2, expected a LOT for this GC3, but got frustated as hell.New things added, a very nice Ideology system and some new features are really cool.But this games brings ALL THE BAD things about GC2, and adds A LOT more of them. The fleet system is a joke, the IA is ridiculous and the game is not immersive at all, because of a lot of bad macanics that turn frustate the experience.Example. I spend a good time planning my production and mining starbases, felt real nice! For no reasom at all (no enough game time, and not bad relationship)  a Major nation entered in war with me and ruinned my economy by destroy mining bases that are defenseless!!! You place a Military Starbase to defend the mining camps, and it keeps still  when a enemy scout ruin your game.After I build a small fleet, wich management was a joke, I could not defend my planet and bases because the enemy atacked on two fronts, there was no way to force him to face me, no way to fllee from a battle..... aff.The main thing here is Old and New Bad Game designs the frustate me A LOT. Not immersive at all, that is kinda crutial on a sim game..."
76561198047639892,Recommended,226860,29889680,Posted: 12 February,all,LongShot,"This is a fantastic 4x game that I've buried hour after hour of my day into. I enjoy playing games such as Civ, Sins, etc, but I always end up coming back to this game for the comfortable, well-designed feel. One of the things that pulls this game infront of the others for me is the custom races and ships. I used to think GalCiv2's ship designer was amazing, but this game has made it even better. I strongly recommend this game if you enjoy playing almost any tipe of civ building or logisitc style game."
76561198026156381,Recommended,226860,29788742,Posted: 8 February,all,D City Riot Squad,"Galactic Civilizations 3 is a turn based strategy game that is visually appealing and easy to get into. For the discerning strategist, there are plenty of details you could look into or micro manage to give yourself an edge. There are also several ways to win a game, giving you many options to specialize in.The race creator is simple and really lets you build  faction to pusue what victory condition. It's all number manipulation really, but it's so visually engaging and light-heartedly presented, you become invested."
76561198082681026,Recommended,226860,29794969,Posted: 8 February,all,randomdude,Pretty good. The game play is great. It still needs a couple of fixes has crashed a couple of times on me.
76561198003586402,Recommended,226860,29789303,Posted: 8 February,all,crispey,"Love it, campaign is fun, would love to be able to control ships in battles but maybe too far for this game."
76561197971887607,Recommended,226860,30131719,Posted: 23 February,all,Toconator,"An engaging well thought out strategy game. The deep tech trees, diplomacy and ideologies allow you to tailor the game to suit almost any style of play.  Multiple selectable victory conditions and several playable races from the get-go promise alot of replayability. Staking early claims and adjusting research/production to the random resources that are around you and on colonized planets is crucial to survive to mid-game. The 2.0 patch seem to have made A.I. better adaptable too. Ship designer allows you to tailor ships to a small degree as well. Up against a missile heavy opponent? Reduce armor or shields and add chaff. Enemy packed with point defenses? Build a couple ships outfitted with beam and/or kinetic weapons. I got this game during the Steam winter sale and I'm definitely getting good value for the price. Purchased one of the DLC's so far and will likely opt for one or two more. Can easily recommend this game."
76561197977513885,Recommended,226860,30113059,Posted: 22 February,all,Al,"Lots of support available on youtube and the Steam workshop for this game. Finally won the tutorial and enjoyed the game a great deal...a  good testament from an RPG guy. A game can get big, complex and filled with: I don't know what the heck is going on here,  moments. Dedication is required. I found the time flew bye as you did just one more turn."
,Recommended,226860,30068328,Posted: 20 February,all,bbusby8011,"If you were a fan of previous iterations of the Galactic Civilizations franchise, you will not be disappointed with this new strategy game.  Enjoy!"
76561198039693132,Recommended,226860,30103880,Posted: 22 February,all,Milkman,"Fun game, but for some reason you just updated and screwed it up.  Why limit my starbases?  I play single player and enjoy being able to use them freely.  Each one already has a upkeep cost.  I can no longer use them for military bases or culture bases because I must use them on economy and mining.  Get rid of the administrators.  It's like limiting the number of ships, it's just stupid."
,Not Recommended,226860,15472726,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Gunteraz,I originally gave this game thumbs up all the way back in early access. But what looked promising at first turned out to be a boring mess. If you want to play a space 4x game go play Stellaris instead. It's everything this game has + tons and tons more.
76561197998317443,Not Recommended,226860,15919377,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Cyspeth,"One of those games I wish things had worked out differently with, as I would have loved to have played and spent tons of time with it for years but the games issues and lack of progress on fixing them just resulted in a lot of frustration."
,Recommended,226860,16754060,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,cyburspace,"I have been a long time fan of the Galactic Civilization series, spend countless hours playing ever little bit of them.  Even bought into the pre release becasue i had so much faith. However once the official release happened the game bugged out on me. I followed all of their guidelines to get the game to work properly. I have since researched and come to find that the game is very specific on the systems it will run on. Their notice is 64 bit windws 7 or later. But it is much much more picky than that. Also anytime someone reports a game crash or issue all you get is use our reporting tool.  Clearly enough people have had issues with this game there is a major problem with how it runs. If you run their support tool it generates a lot of information about your system and every little tiny tiny thing running on it; now i get that there could be small issues with programs people run and i would even accept that if the crashes were few and rare. But stardock you have majorly dissapointed a large number of fans. Also as another user stated that the game is a great concept even a great evolution but there are a lot of features that are not yet implemented. To sum up this game We were promised a lot of things and were lucky to get half of them. If you can get it to work it is like a remastered Galatic Civ 2. They have done a lot to improve this game and while people may still find issues with it. I can now recommend this game."
76561197980579200,Recommended,226860,27907444,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Shawn Crowley,"This is an amazing game for anyone who likes turn based strategy games. It is complexity, provides with a huge degree of control, and above all is replayable."
76561198052338433,Recommended,226860,27697263,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,venomo928,Awesome game but the multiplayer is a bit buggy - tends to drop and crash fairly often.
76561198059571855,Recommended,226860,28006925,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,YinSkape,"lack of multiplayer is eternal complaint, otherwise good game"
76561198049493619,Not Recommended,226860,21511420,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Aye Harambe,"Suffers from numerous bugs that should not exist in a game made within the last two decades.Computer AI is toast, game balance is atrocious (ex: AI having unlimited fund to pay for upkeep to military, being able to ""see"" where they don't have vision, etc.), and the UI is buggy and contains errors that should NEVER have made it past testing.4/10 - Great concept, awful developer. Really? DLC without even fixing the persistent bugs from your initial release? Within 4 months of release, the game was still buggy and had released at least three $5 DLCs. How about you fix your game before monetizing things that should have come WITH the release. Seriously. $5 bucks more to get the map editor. This is repugnant.Why the heck do I keep falling for these ""indie"" games?Edit: nearly two years since release and the game still has AI characteristics from the Atari era. Ex: computer opponents that pay no upkeep and can see all your pieces on the map. Am I taking crazy pills?"
76561197969676655,Not Recommended,226860,24558666,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Zeronidus,The dlc is getting spewed out in small chunks almost as if Stardock is struggling for finance. Some of the DLC isn't anything new like the Lost Treasures DLC. Apart from some artwork for the events all of the technology can be added via a mod.Modding the game is literally the only reason I play this game now but I've hit a brick wall because you cannot create your own Scenario or Campaigns. I've noticed in the game files there is a Game.bin file which basically is a snapshot of the current version of the game. This way when the game updates and new features are added they don't break old campaigns or games.Why is this important for modding? If I could do that then I could create a set of mods that won't be affected by the upcoming expansion. It also means changes to mods I make won't affect the rest of the game and will be 100% compatible/stable.Every mod directory has an empty Campaigns folder but Stardock have yet to release any information on how to create campaigns properly. If you view the workshop you'll see that custom campaigns don't even exist.Until such modding features are added/documented I've uninstalled the game simply because I've lost interest. Thanks for the 127 hours of gameplay Stardock.
76561198007397645,Recommended,226860,28208427,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ddishaw1,Mostly enjoyable but a lot of detail.  The research tree is extensive.  If you like turn by turn games you should consider this one.
76561198147994792,Recommended,226860,28227500,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,captinriskey,"I Liked its ease of useing over all user friendly, i""d be bushed to say anything bad about the game ,is what it is,i get hours of fun from it,youd like it or wont,love hate lol"
76561197977988047,Recommended,226860,30091671,Posted: 21 February,all,james-lowe,"Great evolution and enhancement above Galactic Civilization II, to which there were days I couldn't quit playing. Upgrading ships has been intelligently streamlined to upgrade transports easily with new engines, life support and such. Yet it's as creative as ever while utiizing new rare minerals for prototypes. The entire games itself is bigger with a larger tech trees to research, and more planetary buildings to choose from. With the huge assortment of add-on expansions you can integrate which races and game aspects  you liked best from GC2 or dont if the Dreadlords ruined the game for you. This is the first review I've done but after playing GC3 I had to recomend you get this fun stategy game."
,Recommended,226860,30341036,Posted: 5 March,all,Walhart,"Not too different from Galactic Civilization II, don't expect too much if you're expecting something new. The game as always is very slow paced and the A.I. has maphack and is super aggresive but if you're a fan of the series then you know what to expect in that regard. Honestly the game is a 7/10 at best and 5/10 at worst. II is better imo because it runs faster and better, for what it is."
76561198034423880,Recommended,226860,30309061,Posted: 3 March,all,Zlatan Bold,4/5 stars. The crew at Stardock are on the verge of 4X greatness. A must for any turn-based strategy fan.
76561198021369552,Not Recommended,226860,30184224,Posted: 25 February,all,Nemalpha,"I love this game. It is ridiculously addictive and have multiple facets of gameplay that are extraordinary.I hate this game because it keeps freezing on random turns and forcing me to save and reload my game to keep playing. This is a known issue that has not been genuinelt addressed.If you have this issue you must save the game. Then after saving, load the game you just saved. It will allow you to continue until it freezes again and you have to repeat the process.I can't recommend this game until they fix this issue. When they do, I will write a glowing review."
,Recommended,226860,18402023,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Canterno,"Nice Game. When you like any title out of the ""Sid Meyers Civilisation"" and are a fan of Science Fiction/Space you found your title to play. Although there could be more Campains to play(human campain is the only one) the game stays diversifyed through many possible specialisations your civilization could take.Much more fun if you can find a frind to play with.Carefull sometimes the multyplayer is buggy a.f. (you should perhaps change the auto-saving function from 5 rounds to 2-3).some textboxes are randomly formatet"
76561198045234229,Recommended,226860,31390522,Posted: 27 April,all,pbro36,"Was quick to pickup how to play, which is good you don't want to spend a lot time learning how to do things.Was a lot of different ship types maybe a few too many.a good game"
76561198008669930,Recommended,226860,31302481,Posted: 22 April,all,thedukesowle,Super addicting.  Get sucked into it for hours at a time.
76561198263469007,Recommended,226860,31304160,Posted: 22 April,all,Bolan.Moonward,"I appreciate the richness of GalCiv3 over Galciv2, already pretty rich for 4X games, in my limited experience, but I am disappointed that I can not play the maximum size of galaxy with 4GB of RAM.  Yes, the game initialization says it can do it with 3.5GB, IIRC, but the OS, services, and other running processes seem to be taking 0.7GB, making me have to either learn expertly how get all those down to less than 0.4GB, or build an expensive system with 5GB, or buy an expensive 8GB module for my laptop.  I went back to playing GalCiv2, though I am now playing through the GalCiv3 tutorial, as my toehold on the ADD/ADHD spectrum distracted me from completing that."
76561198073866273,Recommended,226860,31246036,Posted: 19 April,all,The One True Morty,"Galactic Civilizations III is a really good, intricate game to learn to play. It is tough at first, considering it isn't much like it's predecessor Galactic Civilizations I. I guarantee you will have a lot of fun with this game though when you learn what you need to do to succeed. I found that the best way to learn this game was through some video guides on Youtube. There are some really good videos that show very successful ways in developing your civ and just getting what you need to get, done. If you're struggling with the gameplay and what to do, I would suggest looking up some of those videos. Overall it is a strong game, quite fun and you can get lost in the gameplay easily."
76561198014950907,Recommended,226860,31229053,Posted: 18 April,all,Karidain,A good turnbased sci-fi strategy game with a flexible easy to use craft ability for ships. A solid all rounder.
76561198041016946,Recommended,226860,31246659,Posted: 19 April,all,Vixsy,A great x4 Sci-fi game just as it is.  Now add in the ability to design ships from not only weapons and defences but also the exact look you want.  You'll probably spend as much time in ship design as you will playing !
76561198073050877,Not Recommended,226860,31306951,Posted: 22 April,all,Crusty Jugglers,Like E.V.E. Online + Civilization.Not that good.Get GalCiv II: Dread Lords instead.Is better game.
76561198178627495,Recommended,226860,31302770,Posted: 22 April,all,greywolf,nice and simple civ 5 in space
,Recommended,226860,31340051,Posted: 24 April,all,omega,"Great game, Run the big mapsand you can really get a good grind on in what ever your chosen direction - expansion, warfare, invasion, trade... It's a big game with plenty to do. Epic in the true sense of the word."
76561198212790465,Recommended,226860,31339386,Posted: 24 April,all,pirons33,"So far I like the game. I would however, like to hear a voice when another race contacts you."
76561198259896274,Recommended,226860,31337143,Posted: 24 April,all,Twilight,Awesome.
76561198152880763,Recommended,226860,31267197,Posted: 20 April,all,Galactic_Legend,"So far I absolutly love the game and I can't wait for the crusades expansion to be released, however there are a few things I feel that could be improved upon. Mostly, I have come to learn that most of the game is heavily focused to militry stratagies. There are options through research to avoid this through diplomacy, but I would like to see non-military ships expanded upon. Two simple ways to do this would be that mining starbases produce small mining ships, that could be attacked or raided by an enemy. Another option would be to have a cargo ship travle between planets that have trade routs established, leaving them open to the potential of being raided or attacked by an enemy.I see there is a LOT of potential as far as the game goes and what it has already is beyond enjoyable. I definatly would recommend this game to any RTS player."
76561198119024105,Recommended,226860,31276926,Posted: 21 April,all,+_ReichZ_+,"Very nice game, I like the way i can create my own race and design my own ships. The graphic is great, but 1 thing that i found after i have played for 3-4 hour. when battle if  there has a mode for view a battlefield like cinema mode. It would be nice, and i do not understand why i can only view the battlefield from the top. Because i tried to rotate camera it is like....bug. Nice game anyway!"
76561198030847390,Recommended,226860,29532861,Posted: 27 January,all,rage8072,Stardock is the worst company when it comes to customer service.   I bought and played in beta... Got bored cause of all the bugs and waited until now to try the finished product.  I wasted the entire night reading through troubleshooting logs from everywhere on why the game crashes.  There are posts everywhere.  The only thing stardock has is a catchall page that asks you to do a whole mess of things and they still didn't work.   This is just way tooo frustrating.  I can't believe how bad the troubleshoot is.  It's over a year since it released and apparently this company still can't get the game to start.  boo.  So sad.*****  UPDATE *******See my last comment after Chill.   Customer Service is definitely not the worst.  They have been responsive both on here and offline with me.The catch all page that doesn't explain what's going on still SUCKS.The problem still isn't resolved.Huge kudos to Draginol who actually explained the prob.
76561198126401104,Not Recommended,226860,24518109,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,syrkres,"Love the game - very difficult (even on easy -lol)...Seems to have less online documentation that other games, things like list of all buildings and bonuses, tech tree details."
76561198063492222,Not Recommended,226860,15931456,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Heisenberg,"***Updated***Giving this a thumbs down as they never finished the vanilla version and sold me crappy DLC instead. I'll never buy another game from Stardock again.It's Galciv 2.5.Don't let this put you off however. It is missing espionage but that is coming in a future expansion/update. It's a good game and still having it's bugs ironed out and yet still a very playable and enjoyable experience.The developers have a good reputation and plan to update this game for at least 7 years so it is a very good investment of time and money. There are so many different play options that every game can feel fresh.Price wise, if you own GCII, then this is worth (IMO) £20/$30. If this is you first foray into the Galciv world and you enjoy other turn based 4x games, then £30-$45 easy. There isn't such a huge leap between game versions to justify a higher price."
76561198049129520,Recommended,226860,31602325,Posted: 7 May,all,frankthetank0074,good game lots of improvements over the previous games but still in need of some tweeks over all a good buy
76561198081955716,Recommended,226860,31614192,Posted: 7 May,all,tmason2cool,I actually didnt like this game at first but once I figured out that I needed to modify the ships to make them better It became very enjoyable to play.
76561197977923078,Recommended,226860,31615548,Posted: 7 May,all,Kangarus,"I liked the races, the sheer complexity and potential scale of the game.  I disliked the fact that population was a generic meter and not as complex as I would have liked."
76561198044759443,Recommended,226860,15805738,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Xerberus86,With crusade expansion this game  now overshadows galciv2 and competes well with stellaris. Well done Stardock!
76561198030757219,Recommended,226860,28966579,Posted: 2 January,all,Mahle,"A definate step backwards in the aesthetic of the game; it seems the individuals that crafted the new image were relegated to creating their designs on a Commodor 64.  Quite honestly, and withough pith, I would return the expansion and uninstall the DLC just go get the old interface back.  The new design is really off-putting.  But, as far as gameplay, this is a definate step-forward and I would certainly recommend it to any existing fans of the game.  Criticisms of the game being a planet rush are founded, but I personally enjoy the expansion aspect of Gal Civ 3.  Other than that, the new mechinisms certainly add intrigue to the gameplay and will hold my attention for quite a while.As a side-note, having to launch the game into the Stardock launcher window is quite simply the equivalent of spam emails.  Stardock seems less interested in intriguing you to buy quaities games then they are despirately trying to shove their other products in your face.  Honestly, they get game-play, now if they could just put a professional face on their image they would really be a company to follow."
76561198189834555,Recommended,226860,21354398,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Oldtimer,"This expac seems like it will bring back some of the flavor of gc11 and hopefully make the game more interactive. Im not happy i had to pay for it, but do want this game to develope into something more substantial so i am willing to donate tothe cause...Overall i would recommend this game to anyone who like turn based strat and is willing to ride the rocket to the end of stardocks journey to create a great game.    ps... devs work for a salery so it cost money to pay them to constantly change stuff to accomodate the constant changes in the computer industry so keep that in mind when you are asked to give.PEACE"
76561198032152796,Recommended,226860,31551595,Posted: 4 May,all,Langkard,Still the best 4X game around.  The new expac makes full use of 64-bit and your cores for some truly amazing map sizes. The devs are very much into the game and LISTEN to the players.
,Recommended,226860,31645085,Posted: 9 May,all,[Aco] HigherTFewer,"So far so good. Im on a Space Epic kick right now, and this game certainly helps to scratch that itch. I look forward to commiting many more hours to it."
76561198029468213,Recommended,226860,31665019,Posted: 10 May,all,jclark78235,great game. love these style games. ever game is different. keep up the good work.
76561198039827424,Recommended,226860,31803949,Posted: 17 May,all,KeyserSoze,"Love this game, bit different to GalCiv2 but similar in just enough ways :)If you're a fan of 4x games, buy it.You won't regret it."
,Recommended,226860,31803702,Posted: 17 May,all,Phren,"An amusing enough game if you like the genre, though I'm still a bit let down by the overall balance which feels a bit off. It's a shame the combat is still entirely hands-off - even giving generic orders at the beginning would make me happy.It is at least pretty, and the ship designer is still nicely featured. Planet management is still interesting, and I haven't tried all the races yet."
76561197972269764,Recommended,226860,31733060,Posted: 13 May,all,Gallavin,Mid game has a bit of a slow point. Would like to have starbases that can move again. And Spys again. But that was just delt with in a expanstion. Over all 8 0ut of 10.
,Recommended,226860,31747331,Posted: 14 May,all,crichardharris,"This is an awesome game. If you like civilzation, but want to do it on a galactic scale... control planets, rather than continents, this is the game for you."
76561198055953403,Recommended,226860,31713588,Posted: 12 May,all,drcorndog01,"Really love this game... Each match can be very challenging, and fun from start to end. Love the customization."
76561198003370357,Recommended,226860,31724786,Posted: 13 May,all,Master Chief,"I enjoy this game. The replayability aspect is endless and you can make multiple and diverse races for your own galactic civilization game beyond the original races. The combat aspect is interesting and I don't quite understand it yet, but that will come with time. Overall, a good game"
,Not Recommended,226860,18033620,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Ulfsark,"Great fun game.  And you can build your own starships!  Sad I can make better looking star fleet ships than some paid designers for various Star Trek series ....EDIT: I'm changing my review. There are still major bugs in the game, and the new update Crusades  has made the game into a micromanaging nightmare."
,Not Recommended,226860,31776006,Posted: 15 May,all,aperez197143,The game crashes at the best points
76561198011285427,Recommended,226860,31791437,Posted: 16 May,all,inzirom,Very good gameplay in many aspects. A bit crowded with too many fleet and maybe too complex tech tree. Even though it has a good overall experience.I'd work on improvements for the UI
76561198143724138,Not Recommended,226860,31758756,Posted: 14 May,all,Anubis,"I keep trying to get into this game but the learning curve is way to much. Even factions on easy get up to 2-3 times your power level way to quick because they, for whatever reason, know exactly which build order to do. The micro is terrible to because the administrators in the game are worthless so you end up administering every planet individually. The lack of tips outside the tutorial also make this game really difficult due to the lack of knowledge on what to do next. Finally the war  in the game seems silly. A couple hundred turns in, and only one war has happened and in culminated on either team just building up a massive fleet just for it to end in a treaty."
76561198019014906,Recommended,226860,31755322,Posted: 14 May,all,andrtan666,"At first i did not like it. it seemed like an inferior version of civilization 5. I left the game for a long period of time. At one point, i saw a playthrough and realized i was doing EVERYTHING WRONG. The game became AWESOME after that.few hints to new players:1) dont be frustrated there are few colonizeable world. - this is not civ 5, not all empty space has to be part of your empire2) no down time - you know how in civ 5 you have to pass the first 40 turn on just ""next tun"" -> ""next tun"" -> ""next tun"". This dows not happen here.3) Decent diplomacy with the use of currency.5) alliances make the game great, BUT when a strong enemie hates you, a great galactic war is inevitable.And many more great things. Try to approach this as a new game, without bias."
76561198203893673,Recommended,226860,29279893,Posted: 15 January,all,forrestjoynervrm,"I really like the graphics, game play, and the civilization customization. The planet colonization system is also alot better, with the ideologies offered much less simplistic. I didn't like how many civs you had to buy dlc to get, nor did I like the campaigns which were much more dumbed down than the second game. Indeed, the campaigns were mind-numbingly simple with little story or plot twists. Other than the campaign, this game was a great update on the second one that is perfect for the Galactic Civilizations fan."
76561197970347857,Recommended,226860,31099526,Posted: 12 April,all,alpha channel,"Owning Gal Civ 2 I bought this in the hope of an equally good time, I wasn't disappointed. I love this game, yes there are some downsides, I've found that it gets a bit jerky towards the end game, especially on the bigger maps (my system isn't exactly a slouch either). There are a few rather extended pauses when entering the players turn, again towards the end game and the odd very rare crash and the cinematic camera in the battles is frankly woeful. However this really doesn't distract from the overall game. I do have a tendency to shy away from the game on occassions as I know once I start to play I find it extremely hard to stop."
,Recommended,226860,31582233,Posted: 6 May,all,seraphabra,Amazing game with impressive complexity. Extremely immersive. The ship designer is my favorite part. It's like getting to play with digital legos.
76561198300729463,Recommended,226860,32337636,Posted: 11 June,all,Some Guy,"A great successor to Gal Civs II.  I miss certain ship components, but the new stuff is very nice too."
76561198113396356,Recommended,226860,19530871,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,N8NBot,"As i emerged blinking into the starlight of the galaxy, A strange alien race approached me. Calling themselves the Drengin they proceded to overwhelm my meager defenses and take my homeworld. learning my lesson i cranked out whole fleets of disposible ships protecting a huge laser carrier. Humanity ate good that night.10/10 would consume the fallen again"
76561198210910252,Not Recommended,226860,30183611,Posted: 25 February,all,Zysin,"New Edit---  This game has been crashing.  Bugging out on every game that goes past 200 + turns.   I can not express how FRUSTRATING this has become.  the HOURS of time LOST and down the drain.Might aswell just CHEAT my way through this game now..NO way will I spend another 25 hours in a game, just for it to BUG OUT, or CRASH.Even going back to old saves... Once you reach that 200 + Turn.. CRASH...I may come back to this game in a year or so to see if they have fixed this issue..Dissapointed.After a few hours I learned the system and had some basic stuff down.  Days later I learned how little I did know!Has taken me a couple weeks now, and feel I have a good grasp on the game and can now take on Hard AI.Hours and Hours of FUN!   I can rank this game up there with some of the better games on steam.  Ship battles are good graphics,  otherwise this game is not really about the graphics IMO.  I like the game play style.  And the LONG games you can have with this.   Make a HUGE map.. And sit back and have hours of fun.The creations and personal adds you can add to your game makes this another good reason why enjoy this game.I have been waiting to make a review on this game.. Now I feel I can say with as many hours that I have logged.. I give this game.. Totally worth a buy!  2 thumbs up!  And good times!I look forward to more from this game. and adding my races to the pile.I love creating new and deadly races.  Some laid back fun loving merchants.  Others lost, not even knowing they are computer slaves for another alien race.  The sky really is the limit."
76561198050544439,Recommended,226860,28819085,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,thankyouverymuch,"Not normally into space games, but got this in a bundle.  Man, great game.  Empire builder format.Mechanics are solid and interesting.  Broad in scope yet very detailed (to the point of bogging yourself down if you really want to explore EVERYTHING).  Gets tough to manage, as all others still do, when the game gets big with tons of planets, resources, ships, etc,  But dev tackles it well.  500+ hours for one complete game, so grab the Fritos and buckle up."
76561197970479670,Recommended,226860,33361942,Posted: 7 July,all,Geldon,"From the name, you might think that Galactic Civilizations III is basically just Sid Meier's Civilization III if it were a Space 4X game... yep, that's about 80% of what you're getting here, right down to the doom stacks and non-interactive combat.The remaining 20% that sets it apart ain't bad: good AI, custom units, cool alien races, starbases, advanced diplomacy options, and a smidgen of humor.  Stardock did good by this game, it's a feather in their cap.That said, when it comes to whether you would be interested in the game, it's fairly simple: if you want to play more old school Civilization, in space, then here you go.  If you're sick of it, move on to Stellaris, Endless Space I/II, Civilization V/VI or whatever."
76561197971289550,Recommended,226860,21893190,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,mangetout100,"Hard to say thumbs up or down for this one. If you like GC2 then you will be right at home and enjoy it as is easy to pick up. On the other hand its the same thing as the others with better graphics, but AI is rubbish. If you have 2 automatic surveyors active, instead of going for different anomalies, they chase round the map after the same one, then the next, and next...  Still enjoy it but can't give a thumbs up. The reason is simple. Minimum PC specs are supposed to tell you that yes you can run the game but not enjoy the highest quality graphics etc. I am running a decent bit above the minimum and the game slows down dramatically as the game progresses. Insane maps unplayable after 4 hours ish, even immense chugs after about 10 hours. Any movement of the map sends the whole thing into a spasm and average 1 minute while AI has its go. I know its not supposed to be adrenaline fuelled action but to finish a game at lower specs you need a large crossword book to help you through.***********************************After various updates and the odd♥♥♥♥♥♥up, seems to run much better now, so a thumbs up after all!"
76561198029699336,Recommended,226860,18403128,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Shivetya,So far like the game but the UI are lacking a bit.Could be something I don't get but would be nice to for instance sort ships by type.Im sure people with more clocks into the game got more valuable feedback.
,Recommended,226860,32983452,Posted: 29 June,all,Grim Madder,"Apparently this game got off too a rocky start. Well, as it is right now, it is excellent.a. The AI in this game is very good.b. The galaxy feels alive.c. The ship building is excellent.d. The strategy is ever present.e. A lot of customization available.The only drawback for me is the battles. I hope they may be able to work on them a little. It is important to understand how the ship stances vary from each other, but it is not that clearly explained.A highly recomended game with the Crusade expansion."
76561198044639949,Not Recommended,226860,15929394,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,bri.0044,"As of now Gal Civ 2 with its xpacs is a much better game. So if you have yet to purchase this definitely pick up 2 instead.*It's getting better, but the starbase spam and management needed to to is very tedious which takes a toll building them up turn after turn with constructors. Still a thumbs down until they add / fix things to be on par with Gal Civ 2+ you can make the maps really big and i mean really big........+ the graphics are better, but that were not bad in gal civ 2 so only a minor plus- very clunky battle viewer, its like watching bumper cars with lazers needs better presentation.- ive been at war with a much superior enemy for 50 plus turns and they still have yet to attack me. Im well within there life support range so thats not the issue. In the meantime im taking my sweet time sending transports 1 by 1 to there planets and conquering them. in other words very passive ai.- events are lackluster compared to gal civ 2- did i mention lack luster aiThis is still a decent game but as of now its not really playable for a serious gamer. Its decent as a casual play through and if thats what its aiming for its too bad very disappointed.After many patches and wonderful mods this game is shaping up very nicely, very good game now and has passed version 2."
76561198048259684,Recommended,226860,33613264,Posted: 17 July,all,Mr Owl,"it is a good game. It can be better. Game like Sid Meiers Civ. in space (but much more easier, less things)It makes fun."
76561198273715898,Recommended,226860,22416355,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,product13,So far i have only been able to access this game 4 times since i bought it on 12-31-15.  i have followed all the  help files and the community help things to no avail.  By checking the community i have found that this is a wade spread problem.  So as far as i can tell this game is a GREAT WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME.  And customer support really sucks.  I sent in a request 6 days ago and have gotten no response.  problems fixed and now  i can play and stuff .  so far what i see i like .
,Recommended,226860,33484335,Posted: 12 July,all,jadam914,"UPDATE:I am happy to say that Gal Civ 3 has a reasonably playable AI, after already owning the game for  a year. It has renewed faith in Stardock as they have shown a consistancy to patch and fix there games yet again. I can't say the AI is perfect how ever it is playable and fun now from start to finish. In a games market where we have so many bad games and bad develoupers I am glad to see Stardock still stands behind there products. I plan to buy the DLC now that the base game is proper.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I have wanted to love this game. I can't, one of it's core components is unfinished, THE AI amoung some other things. I played Gal Civ II for hundreds of hours, the dev's patched, made improvments, and supported the game. Though they have made updates for this game they still have not fixed the AI. To there credit they have fixed some bugs, made UI imptovments, and have inproved the AI some.... Overall the UI is not much of an inprovment over Gal Civ II. The AI is too hard at the start of the game, too easy when you have a larger civizilation, is shallow, and is a step backward from the pervious Gal Civ. I can't speak to the DLC AI which I hear is better because I refuse to Buy DLC for what I consider to be an unfinished game.My advice is to buy Gal Civ II before buying this game. If you already own it play that and wait till they fix this game, as at the time of this review I consider unfinished. I plan to change my review when the AI is fixed/finished."
76561198254451436,Not Recommended,226860,25618467,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,MrBob1137,"I used to like this game, but...Several DLC should have been patches. I can't afford to buy DLC that only contains small adjustments to content. The base game is boring by itself. Not worth the time or money.Go play Stellaris instead - at least Paradox DLC adds worthwhile content."
,Not Recommended,226860,24740300,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Horus,"Don't bother. This game is so good... Too bad there are a number of issues that grate on your nerves as you try to enjoy the goodness... It's missing really basic things that will make you regret each minute you invest in what would otherwise be an awesome game.- There are campaigns! Like, a real story mode in a space 4X. Awesome.- There are numerous different unique races to play.- Each race has its own very unique characteristics, and its own tech tree.- The aliens are well animated, and engaging.- The graphics are top notch.- The immersion is real. You can roleplay this game, no problem.- The galaxy creation has all the features you want. And you can make it tiny, or large enough to blow your mind.- Discovery is fun!- World building is fun!- Empire management is both challenging and fun!- You can design your own ships or download them (you want a Star Trek federation ship, get it off the workshop. Millenium Falcon? No problem, workshop!)- You can design whole civilizations or download them off the workshop. Amazing.- Late-game is not tedious micromanagement, even on the hugest maps!BUT...- Many little things don't work right, and it adds up.- You can't decide a path for a fleet or ship. You click and it goes. And if mid-turn you aren't sure where to go well... You will lose moves. What's a few moves in the greater scheme of things, right? Right... Except when your fleet arrives to defend your planet 2 moves too late, moves that you wasted because sometime back, the game decided that your turn was over while you still had some moves left.-  During events a screen will pop up and ask you to make decisions that will affect some aspects of your empire, without any way to check your stats before making the decision. So you are forced to decide blindly.- The AI cheats. Blatantly. Get the most technology-favored race, and optimize all your worlds for tech. When you meet even the most tech-unfavored alien race, they will already be WAY AHEAD of you. And so on. But cheating AI is to be expected in a game of this complexity. Maybe someday when we have 100Ghz, 64-core, 256 tb RAM machines, they will be able to ""think"" their way to winning in a convincing fashion. But the hardware of today simply cannot do it.CONCLUSIONThis is a game with infinite customizability and modding, infinite replay value. It's a game of endless, infinite possibilities that, if you are able to fight your way through the tedious UI, will have you coming back for more and more.The newest expansion, Crusade, brings a lot of great features to the game. But the bad still outweighs the good, so yeah, move on or I guarantee you will regret the time spent playing it."
76561198006793235,Recommended,226860,11721215,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Arctic Haze,"Let me start out by saying this will be an amazing game. I picked it up last night when it hit Beta. I have played alot of Beta and Alpha games, this my friends is Alpha no two ways about it.So unless you are into Alpha testing and feedback wait a bit on this one.REVIEW 5/5/15Hey guys the wait is over, it's back in all of it's glory and they have done a wonderful job!If you have played this before you will love it again."
76561198185529761,Recommended,226860,17370852,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,501_General_Venator,"Mittlerweile habe ich mich mit den ganzen Neuerungen abgefunden, meine Taktiken angepasst und der ""Nur noch eine Runde Effekt"" ist bei mir auch wieder in voller Stärke zurück.Die Übersetzungen ins Deutsche sind wirklich (bis auf ein paar Wörter hier und da) sehr gut gelungen, Kompliment dafür :D.Das einzige was ich bemängeln könnte ist die Fehlende Unterstützung des Buchstabens ""Ü"". Beim Erstellen einer eigenen Zivilisation muss man höllisch aufpassen dass einem da keins in irgendeine Beschreibung reinrutscht, da sonst meistens das Spiel crasht.Aber sonst von mir wieder eine klare Kaufempfehlung.Gruß vom General"
,Recommended,226860,32328504,Posted: 10 June,all,X,"The AI cheats. I haven't played any humans because who the hell has time for that?Best way: Become everyones friend, steal their techs via trade and espionage then turn on your enemies one by one by forcing the AIs to go to war with each other. XD"
,Recommended,226860,21391828,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Alwayzzz Alone,This game is better with every update and dlc that comes up and devs are really taking care of it. If you love strategy and 4x games this is the title for you
76561198207393744,Recommended,226860,14700259,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,caaronquest,Still love this superb space game!!!!
76561198267935648,Recommended,226860,34998237,Posted: 16 September,all,Azamos,"Originally the game is a typical stardock game with great gameplay. It was fun to play. DLC was fun to have and made the game more interesting but didn't break the game.The most recent update 2.50 modified how the whole game works. Unfortunately, it is not for the better additionally. The original versions of the game added new features but did not change the whole style of how the game is played. It takes the features on the Crusade DLC but forces everyone to play it. Crusade is broken and unplayable. Additionally the game's campaign senarios are now broken because the strongest possible ships are currently weaker in the largest fleets than individual weak ships in the base game.I was shown how to use the previous version(the classic{under beta categories 2.33}). The game plays well.For Current Update 2.5: My main problem with the new version is that balancing seems to be pretty off(some of the campaigns are uncompletably). It would be nice if mined resources had a more siginificant boost in value. Rather than being used to upgrade stations and have slightly higher stat weapons, make the items be used to increase the functionallity of a station upgrade(provide some bonus). For ships, do something like using the mined resources to boost the total stats(for certain aspect) and make it a requirement to be able to build bigger and more powerful ships(different hull sizes and types of hulls{different hit point amounts or slight resistance to a specific type of weapon})"
,Recommended,226860,31847507,Posted: 19 May,all,A Gallant One,"I've been really liking the progress this game has been making.  I can see why some people have downvoted it as many of the cheese strategies I used to win at high difficulty no longer are available due to fixed balancing.  It is a tough moment to realize something you already, deep down, knew: you were winning because you were taking advantage of something your opponents could not.The immersion of this game makes it my favorite amongst the current gen 4X games."
76561198072513537,Recommended,226860,24361537,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,i.mopman,I love the modibility and they keep adding things so the game gets better and better ( and if you dont like the changes you can use the earlier versions).
,Recommended,226860,34405797,Posted: 21 August,all,KingJackTheFirst,you will only like the game if oyu know how to play it
76561198080704716,Recommended,226860,12124699,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,dhammer_911,"This is a review for the game with all DLC to date, the latest being Crusades.  This game has too many positives to list, and the many setup options give it a high level of replayability, as my in-game hours attest.  It is somewhat challenging, good graphics for the genre, well-balanced, many meaningful choices to make without it being overwhelming (I like the citizens particularly).  Most importantly, I now find the game immersive, which is hard to pull off with a space game in my experience.The only real complaint I have (aside from a few minor bugs I'm sure will be smoothed out with future updates), is the marketing and release of games today, and this one in particular.  I have been with this game off and on for more than three years now, since early access.  It has been a slow, costly, annoying wait for a good game.  This would have had so much more impact on me if it had originally been released in its current form.  I will never buy another 4X again until either (a) there's a change in this model of multiple paid ""expansion"" packs that are really just the devs finishing the game, or (b) at least two major expansions have been released and the whole lot is on sale for a reasonable price."
76561198001239632,Recommended,226860,35240573,Posted: 27 September,all,bluegod,"Finally went with Gal Civ III gold (on sale) this one is the more complete 4x from what I played, including the previous installment. It's clear the devs have surpassed it by ironing out core concepts and fixing repetitive gameplay. Seems to be enough content now to keep me busy for a while...I would like to try Stellaris too if they ever finish the game./Very alive game! Easy to feel immersed...huge upgrade from the first. Much better than ES1 I.E. Not empty lifeless shell of a game! This is with all current expansions, mind you. They also did a big update right before I bought it. I hope to see more even more content (updates to dlc?)"
,Not Recommended,226860,23159529,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Davien,"terribly basic turn based strategy game. Endless Space 2 is a much better thought out 4X turn based. This isn't even a 4x! More like a basic strategy game focusing on ships!Don't waste your money on this. Endless Space 2 even without its DLCs is still way ahead of this game. ES2 is much alike Civ type games with that ""one more turn feel"".. this game just doesn't have that.."
76561198004772835,Recommended,226860,15819364,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,icrushthee,"Pros;Great updates that breathe new life into the game.Love the new invasion, resources and components, make the game a lot more interesting.Cons;Turn times are still weird for me, so i tend not to finish games."
76561198005478533,Recommended,226860,16552083,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,mibaldy,"With over 1500 hours in, I can still say that I love this game.would love to see more narrative (and perhaps an UI tweak to put turn numbers back in), but the simplicity of modding this game to do what I like more than compensates as far as I am concerned."
