user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,226840,12853455,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Garresh,"This game is absolutely incredible. It stays true to the style and feel of the previous games in the series, while also embracing some of the more modern elements in the 4X genre. Some may find the game a bit ""simplistic"" compared to other 4x games, but this is misleading. While this game is very easy to learn, and keeps most of the numbers and math pretty simple, there is an incredible amount of strategic depth to this game, and even after over 500 hours played, with 90% of that focusing on just *one* class, I am still learning new things.The game itself takes place on about 3 different levels. The most prominent level is the tactical combat itself. This is unmatched by any other game in the 4x genre. In truth, it's more akin to the Total War series than anything, except turn based. It is not an understatement to say that this is the best combat system in any of the modern 4x games, bar none.The second level is strategic movement. Many reviewers and players alike who only play this game for a bit do not understand just how much thought goes into something as simple as moving troops around. Each hex has different movement costs, which affects how fast units can move across them. But the movement costs are variable based on race, unit type itself, and even what the player has researched. Furthermore, different types of units may benefit from terrain features, such as Druids and Rogues who have units with Concealment. This allows some of their units to be rendered invisible in forest tiles. Compounding this issue is how classes and races interact. For instance, Dwarven Rogues are the only combination in the game with access to mountain concealment from the beginning, and this allows for some rather unique strategies involving raiding parties in the early game. While many will say that the tactical combat in this game is what stands out, at the intermediate skill level, the strategic level may actually be more important. After all, you can't actually GET to tactical combat if your enemy utilizes terrain to outrun you, or to reach your cities before your main army can get there to repel them.The third layer is the empire management layer. This layer is pretty much what your typical 4x player expects to be the bulk of the game, as games like Civ largely ignore the first 2 to focus entirely on management. To those who have played and enjoyed the Civilization series: be warned. Age of Wonders 3 handles city management *vastly* differently than most other 4x games. The key difference lies in how cities work. Unlike civilization, there are no wonders or structures that can be built in cities to give them a specialized role. But don't worry, there absolutely are ways to make cities unique. Where this game differs from most others is that cities are largely defined by the terrain features within their domain. This creates a very different feel to empire management than other 4x games, in that the single most important factor of a city lies in where it is placed. In fact, a city placed on the right structure can often unlock units that cannot be accessed normally, or allow unusual and powerful modifiers to your armies. Some even give massive bonuses to income, or research.While each layer is important, it is worth noting that this game is still very much different from many other 4x games. The focus is of the game is, at its heart, a wargame. While the diplomacy is functional, the predominant strategy will always be to crush your enemies, and annex their cities. Make no mistake, though. Although the goal is the same in every game, the methods are as variable as your imagination.I'm not exaggerating when I say that there are players in the multiplayer community who have reputations for using an iconic style or strategy, that is almost entirely their own. The sheer number of options in character creation means that a player could very well run a strategy that is truly unique.So if you're looking for a fantasy 4x wargame, you will not find a better one out there. Age of Wonders 3 is simply the best at what it does."
76561197997599091,Recommended,226840,32380086,Posted: 12 June,all,Travis McGee,"A game with admirable depth, complexity and variety.I'm a fool for the big map game so that's what I play on and it makes for a LONG playthrough. Wonders III allows you to pick once of several different classes to play (ArchDruid, Warlord, Sorcerer, etc.) and each has it's own unique troop tree. You also have different races, from Draconian to Elves, that provide different strenghts and weaknesses.You build your city, draft your armies, explore the map and interact with other AI players for better or for worse. The AI seems predisposed to dislike you, which is kind of nice if you are used to games where it's easy to play ""politics"" with the AI oppoents through a little gift giving and pocket lining. Takes a bit more to win a friend in Wonders III.The armies rank up which means keeping your troops alive and training them up becomes important. If you treat everthing like fodder then you'll fall behind as more ""professional"" armies start taking the field.The game has a little bit of everything for the turn-based gamer, the role-player and the city builder. Right up my alley, anyway."
,Recommended,226840,14111804,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Fancy Fish,"AGE OF WONDERS III - Good Turn based tactical combat, Hero RPG elements and Empire building 4X strategy|| 8 ||ScoreCommentGraphics8Nice graphics and detail on the strategic map and even better graphics for units, terrain and magical effects in combat. UI is nice, detailed and easy to useAudio6Music gets a little repetitive - maybe a little more variety needed, sound effects are good but nothing special.Gameplay8Age of Wonders III is a turn based, 4X strategy game based in a fantasy setting. The tactical combat view (when your army's battle) is excellent, you really feel like you are head to head with the AI (which seems to do a good job most of the time) in a battle of wits. Casting a well timed spell or outmanoeuvring your enemy can sometimes turn the tide of a battle, unfortunately usually the outcome of a battle is a forgone conclusion due to the relative strength of the units involved, but even when this is the case its still fun to crush your enemy and minimise your losses. The strength of the Units in your army really plays such a large part of the battles that you can actually choose to skip the tactical battle entirely and have the computer automatically calculate the results. Some of the units have somewhat of a balance issue with the higher level units often being able to take down whole armies by themselves with little damage or risk. This inevitably results in a race to upgrade your city buildings to create these higher level creatures. AI at the strategic level is a little predictable but there is still fun to be had placing your cities and grabbing as many resources as possible to fund your economy. One thing I noticed at the strategic level is there doesn't seem to be any downside to city spamming (covering the map in loads of your cities) as you gain resources (mana, gold, research) for each city. Ruins, shrines and artefacts are scattered throughout the maps and these will often require you to fight a monster to claim the reward for your Hero. Hero's are your army leaders you get a main one and then can hire more for gold. Hero's have a selection of spells they can use to aid you in battle, summon monsters or benefit your cities. Items you collect / make can be given to your hero's to increase their stats and they also get skills as they earn xp through battles.Story7The game contains a number of well written scenario's which are fairly fun to play through. Overall I think I preferred playing the random maps though.Replayability7If you enjoy the game you will probably want to play it again, random maps and steam workshop adds more community made content.Overall8A fan of this genre will probably get a lot of enjoyment out of this game. While not as complex or detailed as others of the same type what it does it does well. Hotseat mode (a mode I loved from Civilisation) is a great addition to this game and playing with friends is a lot of fun.More reviews by Fancy FishAgree / Disagree? Please leave me a comment below"
76561198055538572,Recommended,226840,9632153,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Red Key,"Finally the perfect game to scratch my TBS/4X itch! I have a feeling that in 15 years or so I will still be playing Age of Wonders 3. I make this prediction because once in a while I still  play the original AoW and it came out in 1999. So unless they come out with an AoW4 or standalone expansion that is even better in every aspect I think this game will stay on my computer and my next computer and the VR headset after... a long time.My favorite part of AoW3 is its focus on tactical combat while still including all the 4 Xs (explore, expand, exploit, exterminate) plus RPG elements. There are cities to form into an empire, heroes to level up, spells to research, dungeons to loot, resources to manage, etc... On top of it all players are engaged in battles early and often. The battles are killer fun tactical experiences that take place on their own maps separate from the primary strategy map. When a hex is attacked on the strategy map the armies/stacks in that hex and all neighboring hexes get pulled into the tactical battle. This means there could be 42 units (7 hexes x 6 units/hex) in the same battle and they could even belong to several different players! The combat mechanics like attacks of opportunity, flanking, guarding, and 3 action points to use for movement, multiple attacks, or multiple reactions are very well done. When playing single player I almost always choose to fight each battle manually because they are so much fun, but there is an option to automatically resolve them if you wish.The only bad thing I can say about AoW3 is that it feels like the morale systems need to be flushed out a little more. My wish for morale is that your starting/ruling race should have more influence on the morale of your cities and units and diplomatic relations with independent cities. It was important in past AoW games. These things will probably get improved with some patches, and should not stop anyone from buying the game.There was a period of years where I played a lot of Civ4 and some Civ5. Eventually I found myself thinking - I wish there was more action in these games and battles were more realistic like... Age of Wonders. Before AoW3 was announced, I searched for recent games with gameplay similar to AoW but nothing seemed to be on the same level. Warlock was too simple and too Civ-y... Total War just didn't draw me in... Others didn't even look worth buying. Age of Wonders seems to fill a special niche that no others do.edit: Forgot to mention one of the things that makes AoW games so replayable - the races. Past AoW games had at least 12 races, but AoW3 is releasing with 6 which is a little disappointing at first glance. However, this is made up by the new class system which did not exist in previous AoW games. The developers have done an amazing job making both race and class matter. An elven archdruid feels different than a draconian archdruid or an elven warlord. Thus, instead of having simply 12 races to choose from you have 36 race/class combos (6 races x 6 classes). There are also specializations/spheres that further customize your leader and playing experience, similar to previous AoW games. I expect more races to be added in DLC or an expansion and am fine with that."
,Recommended,226840,15409835,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Strategikal,"Although Age of Wonders III features story based campaigns and scenarios (many of which are obviously balanced for multi-player), the real meat of the game IMO is the Random Map mode. This is equivalent to the default mode of most 4X games like Civilization, and that's what I'll talk about here.Unlike most 4X games which start you off with a single settler in a mostly empty undeveloped world, the default mode (normal game flow) of AoW3 starts you off in a populated world which already has roads, cities and armies. In these games you can get stuck into the action quickly and may not need to build any cities at all, just capture existing ones. These games can be a lot quicker to play than other 4X games.However, the random map games are extremely customisable, much more than Civ. There are three other preset modes - Battle, Empire Building and Adventure - which provide very different game experiences. Better still, go into the advanced setup screens and you can tweak the details to your heart's content. You can start with nothing more than a settler and a leader in a completely empty world, just like Civ, if that's what you want, or you can fill it with as much or as little of the different options that are available. You can also tweak the geography, altering the quantities of different terrain types that will appear on the map.The graphics are superb, they blow away the old AoW games and are better than most current 4X games IMO. The music is excellent too, one of the best soundtracks I've heard in a game, making it well worth getting the Deluxe version for the 2 hours of music, not to mention the huge 8 player scenario Dragon's Throne.The huge variety of units in the game, and the many different unit abilities and spells, provide for an awesome variety of strategy and tactics. The game is far more detailed than previous versions, and while the older games were great in their own right, AoW3 takes it to a whole new level. I can't go back to the old games anymore. It's a game you can get sucked into for many, many hours of your life.The two expansion packs - Golden Realms and Eternal Lords - are real expansions, not shallow cash grabbing DLCs like in many games these days. They add a lot of real content, not just new races and campaigns, but many new rules and game mechanics.I highly recommend this game, one of the best 4X games ever in my opinion."
76561197993272875,Recommended,226840,18072909,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,MrButtermancer,"It's difficult to follow up a classic. It always feels like something is lost when a great game from years ago is brought into the modern age. Things get prettier, bigger, and more streamlined, but many times it feels like some essential chemistry is lost. Some of us blame nostalgia, others simply write the developers off as appealing to the largest audience or the lowest common denominator. Sequels always lose something.Which is why Triumph Studios had no right to produce such a perfect game.This is the perfect sparkling bouquet of what made the original great, combined with the streamlined production quality we've come to expect from a quality modern game. It's asymmetrical and unfair in the most balanced ways possible. Whether you're outfitting your heroes or designing your player class, you'll find great satisfaction in trying to break the game. You'll be very good at some things, and very bad at others, but it will always make sense and it will always feel right.The unit design deserves special mention. Each unit is deeply well-crafted and unique, even when comparing racial units of the same role. The attention to synergy is unmatched, both between units of the same race and in the way that race and class combine to make a whole. Leveling up often provides interesting new abilities that also tend to synergize, instead of simply providing better stats.This game has a lot of everything, and all of it affects everything else. You'll build cities, research and cast spells, and train units. You'll command armies on the beautiful strategic map, and when you explore dungeons or fight another army, you'll go down to fight on equally beautiful tilesets. Tactical combat is reasonably simple but very deep. This game has not been casualized. The A.I. is maddeningly clever, and you won't take this statement seriously until you've experienced it. You'll fight skirmishes in the woods with bandits, and you'll fight in truly massive sieges to conquer cities. Your heroes will explore dungeons, find and equip items, and lead your armies into battle.You will build your strategy, and then get excited about other strategies you think could work. They probably will. Your race, your class, and your specializations all fundamentally change the way you need to approach the game. It takes a long time to bloom into a full understanding of how the various parts of the game work together, but the journey is pleasant, and you can absorb it by playing.The campaign probably deserves it's own review. It's gloriously cheesy golden-age high fantasy. The campaign follows branching questlines, so you can end up doing different missions. The base game has two campaigns of eight missions. Eight does not sound like a lot but you can easily spend an entire day playing one mission. They're huge. Think of them more like chapters. The expansion packs can add another two campaigns.There are also a number of scenarios which are like competitive missions for X players. The ""real"" Age of Wonders though is in the procedurally generated random map mode, where you can fight other players or the AI. There are a huge number of random features on the maps, such as ""dwellings"" where you can purchase units from a non-player faction like Giants or Pixies. You'll need to play many games before you've seen everything you can find. Also of note, Age of Wonders has an underground map, full of caves, tunnels, and the cities of the Goblins and Dwarves.Triumph is confident enough in the mastery of their game to give the player enormous freedoms to explore how to play. Their own mastery is evident in the careful design of how every element acts together. If you find anything this game does interesting, play it for that reason, but be prepared to fall in love with the rest.This is what a strategy game should be.10/10"
76561198023432990,Recommended,226840,15100992,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Rand,"It has been almost one-year since release, I've been playing this game constantly for almost the full year.  Incredibly addictive coupled with vast replayability and a veritable smorgasbord of options, units, spells, structures, and game mechanics... and the developers have only expanded on the deep content with Golden Realms and the upcoming release of Eternal Lords.  I am not normally a review-writer or poster but this is hands down the best game of the genre I've ever played, including Master of Magic.Only a few fairly minor issues - mostly having to do with requested features  such as added victory conditions, more customization options, and more gameplay options have been addressed by the developers or are in the process of being addresed.  Kudos to Triumph.  They've certainly earned the name.A long-time  player of other 4 x games I would enthusiastically recommend this for any fan of the genre.  I definitely encourage anyone on the fence to try it out!"
76561197970502020,Recommended,226840,19247151,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Disavowed,"17 Years ago while I was in college and working at Babbages I bought and played Age of Wonders, I still remember a woman coming in asking me if I knew any games like Heroes of M&M 3, it was surprising to me because you did not get many females back in the late 90s(especially middle aged women) who were into strategy gaming, I remember telling her that if she liked Heroes 3 then she would really like Age of Wonders, so she bought it and left with a smile on her face.  A week later she returned and with the same smile on her face she thanked me for recommending Age of Wonders.  I am now around her age, and I still smile like her when playing an Age of Wonders game.  Triumph has staid true to its formula while adding wonderful new content and graphics to the series.  This is not something that you can say often in this age of gaming, especially with most big companies doing everything they can to create or cater to a casual gaming market where product quality comes second to just feeding gamers their new content fix every couple of months.  Thank you Triumph for staying true to your work of art, and thanks to all of the new and old gamers who have bought their products and supported them, I am sure most of us will agree that they deserve every penny and more...."
76561198062399793,Recommended,226840,32220244,Posted: 6 June,all,noobeman,"(buy with all DLC)Very good 4x game. You recruit heroes, run around with a group of units, kill stuff and capture cities. All units gain experience, levels give them stats and some cool abilities. Cities build units and generate mana to cast spells. Combat is turn-based, happens on a large grid and has quite a lot of depth.PROs:- very involved combat, each battle can end VERY differently depending on what you do;- a lot of different classes (with their own units and spells), leader specialisations (spells) and races (different bonuses and basic units);- long campaign (play on hardest for challenge) - plenty of maps to battle on;- AI is not brilliant, but competent enough.CONs:- the map does not really play a major role in the game, the challenging and engaging gameplay happens pretty much exclusively in battles;- no matter how many turns a battle takes, it's one turn on the strategic map - you can be attacked and killed out of nowhere (you learn to appreciate being able to react to things after playing Civ5).300 hours and I still play this game from time to time. This game clearly has less $$ put into it than something like Civ, but it's really cool - check it out! :)"
,Recommended,226840,12115365,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Warlord,"What Age of Wonders 3 consists of content wise.6 Fully Playable FactionsHumansDwarvesHigh ElvesDraconiansOrcsGoblins4 sub factions you encounter in the world and can also control while playing as a main faction to suppliment your forces.DragonsGiantsFeyArchon Revenants249 unique units all with their own custom visuals and animations depending on raceThese are split between 4 tiers with 4 tiers of ranks every unit can level up to obtain passive stat bonuses and unique abilities.There are 6 unique classes you can choose from in order to determine what specialty your hero leader unit posses which also affects access to unique units only for that class.DreadnoughtTheocratRogueArch DruidSorcererWarlordEach hero class offers different sets of spells you can use in combat and on the strategic maps.104 Combat Spells91 Strategic SpellsLeaders and hero units have an extensive range of passive stat bonuses and abilities players can choose every time they gain a rank.44 hero leadership passives that affect troops.29 spells and hero specific passive abilities for the rogue class alone. There are plenty of abilities, passives, and spells for each of the 6 classes to make them widely customizable.Each leader has 8 slots for gear ranging from melee weapons, to cloaks, and even unique mounts they can ride. Weapons and mounts are fully displayed on your character while in-game during combat. There is an additional 10 slots per leader/hero available for ranged weapons and storage.Empire building including city upgrades and other dwellings you'll find located throughout the map24 city upgrades to expand and customize each settlement33 unique dwelling upgrades that allow for custom non faction units such as dragons and undead to suppliment your army.To further customize your facation you have access to a total combination of any 3 different specialization available to any class and any facationCreation AdeptCreation MasterDestruction AdeptDestruction MasterFire AdeptFire MasterEarth AdeptEarth MasterWater AdeptWater MasterAir AdeptAir MasterExpanderExplorerA fully functional leader creatorEmblem option2 tiered color choices13 different categories of visual customizations such as gender, head, hair, skin color, accessory, eyes, hair color, eyebrows, posture, clothing, skin decorations, facial hair, and scene (background environment). Also various static character portrate angels to choose from of your unique character model.Randomized generator option for visuals, class, and/or faction.53 pre-made leaders to choose fromWhat else can I say about this game? You've just read through a ton of in-game content making it one of the greatest turn based combat games out there. So many different ways to customize and play you most likely won't even encounter or use everything available in the game. Even if empire building and diplomacy features are fewer than combat assets there is more than enough to satisfy 4X genre players. The games strenght  is getting out into the world, slaying monsters, finding treasure in dungeons, and crushing rival empires. If you like to send postcards and and have tea parties to talk out your problems with rival warlords, this game might not be for you. If you like to trick rivals into allegencies only to build up your forces while their guard is down then knock over their castle when convenient, this game is for you.Beyond being an absolutely great game with tons of content it's technical side as a PC game is solid. No poor low resolution console port, plenty of game options, and loads key bind customization to be found. Performance is a dream and the game is beautiful whether raiding dungeons relieving dragons of their loot or sacking major cities, and doing so right outside their gates seeing the city itself in all it's 3d model glory on the battlefield.One of the greatest PC games of all time. More factions and content to come via expansions. If you are a 4X fan and like fantasy genre games you cannot pass this one by."
,Recommended,226840,11459519,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Brutal_Felix,"I always knew I'd review this game, it was just a matter of when. At 331 hours, I believe I have enough exposure to offer an insightful look into AoW3. I picked this up on a whim during the Steam Summer Sale at 50%, having never played any other AoW games but myself enjoying Civ seemed like something I could get into. AoW3 would quickly become my most played game on Steam by a large margin and for good reason. There is so much good here, so much depth, variation, custimization. If you enjoy Strategy games, buy this game. If you enjoy Turn Based Combat, buy this game. If you enjoy City Building, buy this game. If you enjoy all these things AND Multiplayer for up to 8 people, FFA, Teams or AI partners or any combination BUY THIS GAME.6 Races and 6 Classes that can be mixed and matched how ever you see fit, an ABUNDANCE of unquie units and Heroes that can be leveled and equiped with various gear that you can find or forge yourself. Sling spells in battle or on the World Map. Giants, Dragons, Titans oh my!Various map settings to take the game in whatever direction you want, size, land type, Underground, number of roaming Bandits etc. 2 Main Single Player Campagins and multiple Scenarios to play through. Up to 7 different full armies in Turn Based Combat. This game has it all and plenty of highlights I'm forgeting.BUT. And there always has to be a but. I do have some complaints to address here as well after all my praise. The community  is FAR too small, SO BUY THIS GAME. Also there are occasionaly minor issues connecting with players (which a simple restart of the game remidies) but the problem is there and it needs addressed. Other than that, this game is perfect at what it is. It's some sort of Civ meets Fire Emblem, coming from someone new to the series and never played Might and Magic. This is worth full price. Buy it. Add me. And read my guide to help you get started too :D"
76561198064198731,Recommended,226840,25874096,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,stringierdark,"Great game, I bought all of the DLC for it and have not been disappointed. It basically is like Civ 5 but the combat is played out on a small map when to armies meet. Considering the combat is the whole reason why I dislike Civ 5 this was a big boon for me. The game has a wide vareity of races and leader types to play as and has a ton of replayability becasue of it unfortunatley though the larger game (6 to 8 players) can take forever (40 hours) and by the half way point everyone has the highest level units and are basically just spaming them at each other. The AI is very competent in the fact that they don't stupidly start a war with you just because and the roving enemies or bandit camps can actually become a problem if you are play on a higher difficulty (this is a good thing). Really its a great game for anyone who likes turn based games, it is not as deep as Civ is in certain areas such as culture and technology, but it makes up for it well with balanced and fun combat."
76561198065730705,Recommended,226840,18166442,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,FlySC,"Pros:- Awesome combat.- Very diverse games, due to a lot of class/race combinations- Interesting units- Tons of spells- Good campaign-Lots of events/places on the map to go and lots of stuff to doCons:Not many, just be warned that the main focus of this game is the combat, it still has city management and diplomacy but to a lesser degree than say endless legend or the civ series.In general, a very good 4x fantasy game with a focus on combat and warfare."
76561198080389410,Recommended,226840,12455627,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Shaithias,"Very well put together game, and the devs are supporting it better than I have ever seen a dev support a game before. The game is a bit of a combination of homm and civ, I would reccomend it highly. If you are new I reccomend to play a few single player maps before playing the campaign which is hard at times."
,Recommended,226840,16105402,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Lowen,"What makes Age of Wonders 3 unique compared to other fantasy 4X, and real core of the game are it's turn based tactical battles, there's some serious crunch to them. There are a lot of supporting mechanics, such as spellcasting, flanking, and varying unit types and abilities, but what it all adds up to are tactical battles where you always have interesting choices to make. The battles are fun to watch unfold even after playing for hundreds of hours.The game comes with two fairly long single player campaigns, a random map generator, and an editor that allows you to make your own maps, scenerios, and campaigns.Multiplayer works well, but unfortunately the tactical battles can cause things to grind to a halt. I don't recommend trying to play more than a one on one multiplayer game unless you and your opponent have entire days worth of free time. It's unfortunate considering Endless Legend, another fantasy 4x, integrates tactical battles into the strategic layer nicely and supports multiple tactical battles at once, something Age of Wonders 3 can't manage.AoW3 also has PBEM mode, which I play a lot of. Unfortunately you can't control the player vs player battles in this mode, it's autoresolve only.Overall this is a great game. I also recommend the two expansion DLC that have been released.(edited July 11th 2016: fixed some spelling mistakes)"
76561197981435714,Recommended,226840,31358310,Posted: 25 April,all,Worthless Towel,"First of all I'm a huge fan of Age of Wonders Shadow Magic (Aowsm) and Heroes of might and magic 3 (HoMM).I will compare this game to Aowsm as it should be. It's stays similar to HoMM, but the the bar is still a bit nearer 4X than HoMM series, but it's NOT a 4X as people may intend: This is not a game of diplomacy, of intrigue, of commerce, of research, of politics and population. Not at ALL. It is actually a 2X: Expansion and extermination as HoMM is (the only difference being that in AoW you can build cities and roads and you select which spell/specialisation you want to have next, but that's it): Fund another player? Crush him. Period. If you get this right, you won't be be disappointed expecting a ""Civilization"" style game: Get Endless Legend instead.Let's dig in the core. At first sight, you have the impression the game is a dumbed down version of Aowsm:- less races- only surface/undergrounds- less spells- no more quest for the gods (this one is really pity...).You sacrifice this to have the choice of a race + class. And after some hours you realize the game is much better AowSm. Let's be honest AowSm you ended spawning only Karaghs and Death Angels. All other units are useless in comparison with those ones. In Aow3 endgame troops are not overpowered compared to the rest of the units. As such you end up with more diversified armies, like in HoMM. You will build armies well balanced with units from your race and class. Gameplay will differ a lot depending on the combo race/class you selected and it makes the battles much more strategic than AoWSM.It's according to me the best Heros of might and magic style game ever with HoMM3. If you like this kind of game, this one is a must have."
76561198009961865,Recommended,226840,26369438,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,quantum0d0,"Nothing is ever my cup of tea.  This game is my cup of tea.  It's kind of like playing five or six games of Civ V at the same time, on two maps.   If fantasy themed stuff don't turn you off, and if you like 4x strategy of the Civilization variety, it's well worth giving this a try.  I'm the type who searches and searches for the perfect game, so I've tried Endless Legend, and Galactic Civilizations, and Empire Earth, and Age of Empires, and Beyond Earth, and on, and on.  Age of Wonders 3 is the shizznit.I will say this - if you only play this game for an hour or something and think you've seen it all and it's just silliness - well, it is just silliness for the first hour or so.  Play through a whole game, and I think you'll find there's a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥happening.  Play through a few games, and I think you'll find there's enormous strategic depth and complexity.And that's not even mentioning the tactical combat system, which is impeccable.I'm thinking of getting an Age of Wonders 3 tattoo."
76561198006842111,Recommended,226840,23045524,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,graemecrackerz,"Imagine Civ 5, but with combat that actually felt fun to do, choices that were actually meaningful and the ability to create and flesh out your own leader of one of numerous races. The gameplay is less than stagnant, it has mob support and it's campaign is awesome."
,Recommended,226840,9747431,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Minax,"The third part of a game franchise is often where things are starting to go downhill rapidly, especially if the franchise has been around for a long time (1999) and managed to establish something like a ""cult following"". The franchise left some big shoes to fill when they released Age of Wonders: Shadow Magic 11 years ago, and Age of Wonders 3 fills them admirably.At its core the Age of Wonders series are turn-based strategy games with turn-based strategic battles set in a fantasy world full of fantastic creatures and magic. You pick between different races, create your leader, build an empire and set out to claim the land as your own. You can forge alliances with other leaders (both AI or other players, if you play multiplayer matches) or try to conquer the world on your own. Your leader and hireable heroes are different to your main army in that they can level up and gain a plethora of new abilities and equippable items. Magic is an always-present factor in Age of Wonders. You constantly research new sorceries and in battle you will most often find yourself flinging powerful spells with your heroes while the rest of your army engages in more traditional combat, which also has its own nuances with line-of-sight penalties and flanking mechanics, on top of other things.Age of Wonders 3 stays true to the spirit of the previous titles while bringing new features to the table. The most game-changing feature is the introduction of classes. When you start a game you pick a leader, race, class and specialization. Each class gets many dedicated units that are restricted to this class only, for example Arch-druids can get hunters while Mages can summon wisps. The same is true for spells, a Warlord could get a spell that sends an enemy unit into a fit of rage, making it unable to tell friend from foe, while a Rogue might send a plague of brigands upon an enemy city.Here are some of the features you can expect:+ 6 playable races, all with their benefits and drawbacks (Draconian, Dwarves, High-Elves, Goblins, Humans, Orcs)+ Many different spells and units to research, depending on your chosen race, class and specialization+ Units can level up and gain increased stats, while heroes gain new abilities+ Neutral cities and dwellings that offer quests and access to unique units and items for your heroes+ 2 full campaigns serving as a tutorial+ Random map generator with a plethora of changeable settings to tailor maps to your liking+ 8 pre-built scenarios of varying sizes with their unique twists, for multiplayer as well as singleplayer+ Multiplayer with up to 8 players+ Ships with the same level editor the developers useIf you are into turn-based strategy games you owe it to yourself to at least take a closer look at Age of Wonders 3!"
,Recommended,226840,26313709,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Overcast451,"Age of Wonders III is an excellent 4x Strategy Game. I first found this game when looking for a game similar to the late 90's game called ""Lords of Magic"". Lords of magic was quite similar to this game, but so much was done wrong in that game. The AI was just too simple, once you knew a couple tricks - you could beat it without thought.Not so for Age of Wonders, the AI is a good challenge, to me at least. There are a number of classes to pick from as well of a number of skill paths to tailor for your character that will change the play style for any class. The lore and immersion is fantastic, the help/information system is very in-depth and explains any game concept I've had a question about. One thing I really like about this game is the ability to create my own leaders for either the AI or myself and then customize who I'm up against or just let it pick randomly.The game seems pretty well balanced overall, although the Necromancer AI leaders can tend to get fairly powerful and be an incessant threat if they get far enough. Although, there are classes and skill paths that can take care of this easily - not every class/skill combination will do well against them. But this game offers a lot of custom settings when creating a new map, so you can just choose not play against AI classes that might be too tough for your level of play or make them all one class, if you so choose.This game runs good in a seamless window as well as full screen - so those with mutiple displays will not be disappointed. The mouse automatically constrains to the play area for easy scrolling around the map/battle field - and also handles switching to windows very easily. I don't think this game has ever crashed on me at all, it's stable and runs well.I have to also give praise to the music in this game. It's excellent. I love the soundtrack in this game. I play this frequently, and will buy more expansions in this series without hesitation. 10 out of 10!"
76561198009495431,Recommended,226840,28644578,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,RobinoSVK,"This hidden gem game I found only this December.As a big fan of old HOMAM and CIV games I cannot describe how amazed I am by this game... Its like my childhood dream comes true!I will recommend this game to everybody, already give it to my brother for Christmas, he loves it too."
,Recommended,226840,18003559,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,DailyLama,"I never played any older part in this series, just so you know. Also I review the game with all DLCs so far (Necromancer was the last), but only the single layer part.This game is really fantastic :) I have now almost 200 hours in gemeplay and still have not finished the last campaign (and not even started smaller maps or MP).Pro+ Tactical fight is great. With the same stack of unit(s) you can either loose all or win with no loss. It's all about preparation and tactics.+ I like the storytelling and the voices are quite nice (especially the halfling hero)+ The maps are very different and made with much love+ Really overwhelming (in a good way) amount of units, monsters and heroes+ The ingame help is fantastic. Press F1 and simply search. With a few exceptions everthing is explained very good.+ The graphics lack detail and are kind of old, but very athmospheric+ I get bored easily, but this game suprises me even after 200 hours of gameplay with new units, new skills. new game concepts, races, monsters....+ 18 months after release there are still new DLCs with quite heavy modifications and also free updates with new game conceptsCon (mostly only minor)- The UI just sows you two ros of skills for your hero. I discovered only in the last cmapaign that not more skills than 12 are shown. You cann access them with clicking on your heros portrait but I sure missed some before. This could be easily solved with pressing of alt and shift to swap between more skills. Developers?- not all things are explained in the ingame help. What is ""weakness 5""?- Diplomacy is very basic and can be exploited by evil heroes (breaking peace = bonus points)- The necromancer seem to be not as balanced as the other classes. One of it's main features is reanimation of your troops, your hero or other troops. This can simply be stopeed by placing living units on top of an (un)dead stackIf you lke turn based exploring and combat and love good tactics, I really recommend this game to you."
76561198085829877,Recommended,226840,22642023,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Vic,"If you like the Civilization games, you will like this game. Especially if you also enjoy fantasy and adventure.It is kind of like a mix between Civ, Black and White and WoW (love it!!!); as you have to choose a race and class and you pick up pieces of magical equipment on the way that improve your skills in battle-scenarios.Also you can choose to be either neutral, evil or good, depending on how you play the game: do you make people like you by buying them off, win land by completing quests or greedily claim it all by being a mean warlord-bully?It is really fun to try the different classes and explore the  different maps hunting for treasure and fighting monsters.Great game. Many entertaining hours to be played. Civilization gets very boring after a while, so if you're looking for something like Civ, but more creative and fun, this is your game."
76561198026667042,Recommended,226840,12383863,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Wendersnaven,"Bought Eador - Wasted time and money.Bought Fallen Enchantress - Wasted time and money.Bought the newest Heroes - Wasted time, money, and got information mined by EA.Bought Warlock - Had fun, but Warlock II is a waste of time and money.Saw AoW3 on summer sale and warned myself to not waste time and money; but I really like it compared to all the other incarnations.I like turn based, conflict oriented, strategy. It's not going to be as strategic as Total War, or as simple as Age of Empires- both genres I love. It is a Civ game, based on action and strategy and it's the best flavor I can find on Steam. The AI isn't perfect and it looks like they want me to pay for xpacs. You have to make an account with them to go online, but the game is still playable in solo mode without giving out your information.I guess I like this one because it looks good, runs smooth, the races are to my taste (traditional with a Warhammer kind of twist), has very few bugs, and a subtle and funny sense of humor. It's basically a blend of the best elements of all the Civs I've wasted time and money on."
76561198096248663,Recommended,226840,25155346,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,lucibuis,"I discovered this game about one year ago and never stopped playing it. I'm a big fan of strategy games and AOW 3 has really met and exceeded most of my expectations.I recommend to purchase the two expansions Golden Realms and Eternal Lords because they add a lot to the base game.Gameplay is a mix of Civilization and Might and Magic: you build and conquer cities and occupy resources to be able to field powerful armies and defeat your enemies.But what really shines through is the great variety of units, spells, maps, geographies and playstyles that make AOW3's replayability almost endless. There are 9 races, 7 classes and about 15 magic specializations that can be mixed and matched in endless combinations. The races play similar but have different strengths against each other.The classes play different, i.e. Archdruids summon animals, Horned Gods and build Hunters and Shamans and their armies are very fast, Dreadnoughts build machines of increasing power and are way slower. Then, an elven archdruid focuses on range and shock damage while a goblin archdruid focuses on blight damage and fast growth of their cities.Necromancers gain most of their armies from dead enemies, sorcerers and archdruids from summoning spells, warlords and theocrats from recruiting in cities, etc.Early game plays different from late game, and the random map generator allows the customization of every map feature.The graphics, art and storyline of the campaign are superb. The atmosphere of the game is unique, mysterious and magical.Game is easy to grasp but hard to master because of the miriads of combinations and customizations possible.Highly recommended5/5"
76561198027061200,Not Recommended,226840,9723530,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Kaskarn,"I looked forward to this game for months, pre-ordered it and took the afternoon off to play it the day of release. I consider myself well within the target market for AOW III, as I mostly play games along the RPG-Strategy spectrum.As much as I hate to say it, I agree entirely with the top-rated negative review (by dacasonic). AOW III isn't bad, it just lacks depth. There are way too few units (really just one type of : light infantry, heavy, infantry, archer, cleric, light cavalry, heavy cavalry, trebuchet for everyone + 4 class units?), the research is one-dimensional (unlock a handful of units, terraforming and some spells), tactical spells are somewhat varied, but can't be used nearly enough and don't feel impactful due to a (in my opinion) mediocre resource system....In essence, my biggest qualm with the game is how little there is to look forward to. In HOMM, I look forward to unlocking level 5 spells, top-tier creatures or upgrading my hero, because those things immediately feel impactful and rewarding. In Shogun II, I can't wait to get those hero samurais on the field or finish a massive citadel in a border city. In civilization, reaching milestones (wonders, key techs, even your first settler) feels bloody great and is immediately rewarding gameplay-wise. Even in Fallen Enchantress, a second-tier X4 game, upgrading towns, levelling heroes and reaching certain research milestones feel rather gratifying and makes the player want to go on ""one more turn"".There is no equivalent in AOW III. Cities don't feel worth caring about (and it's a drag to keep them from getting overtaken by sneaky flying invaders). There are no great projects to feel excited about. Units are obtained early and the game turns into a variety-less grind within an hour of its start.Maybe the game could have been salvaged by a better hero progression and XP distribution system, to give the player something worth caring about. Levelling up heroes (XP earned when attacking other units) will grant a few points to invest in simple stats or underwhelming perks (20% resistance to an element). A talent tree with meaningful incremental investments (see shogun II, or even fallen enchantress...) coudl have helped the game a lot.I played AOW III on a mid-level laptop bought a year ago (well within reccomended specs), and the game ran rather poorly after a while. Naturally, this could be a problem on my end."
76561198015907664,Recommended,226840,18786247,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Baalzebul,"EDIT:I have well over 1000 hours into this game (drat!) and every time I think of putting it down, I keep coming back.  It's been a long time since a game grabbed me like this one.  Great game!  replayabiliy is insane.WOW!Short review:  If you have any doubts from the trailers and are thinking ""Yeah, I want to get this game.""  You are probably right and do so immediately.For a bit more detail:I'm not even more than 170 turns on a big map,I can already tell you that this is an awesome game.At first I thought it was just going to be another 4x clone, which are also great, don't get me wrong, but it's a lot cooler than a lot of games I have played.The thing that sets it apart to me is that IT'S DEEP.  And while production and exloration and exploitaing are still the core of the game, there are a LOT of other elements that you REALLY have to consider if you are going to win.  It's much less of a numbers game and a lot more of a strategy game like CHESS.  It is mainly an empire conquest game as well.  There IS diplomacy, but you best be prepared to back that up with force.  It's not really a builder game, but you can totally turtle up if you want to.  If you want to survive in the world you have to maintain your empire.  And thats' before you even meet other players on the max size map.First off, you have to create your game.  As per most 4x games, there are a ton of options.There are at least 4 starting modes ranging from nothing but a city builder and a couple of military units, to having a fairly established state with big armies so you can go right to combat if you want!Next, you get to create your LEADER.  Your leader has a class, and a race. You can completely customize this leader just like an MMO or RPG. There are several classes and several races so that is a lot of options and there are both racial AND class bonuses.  All the classes are ""rock paper scissors"".  They all have different strengths and weakneeses and they are designed to be equal, if different.  I haven't confirmed how balanced they are yet.  But if you want voral bunny rabbits defending your city, Hobbit Druid has it!  In addition to that, you can style your charcter as you want, create your own flag and colors.  You get to choose 3 major abilities for your leader, such as the power to summon fire elementals out a pool of many!  You feel an imediate connection with the character.When you get in the game, it's EASY to pick up if you have any experience with a 4x game and even novices can probably figure it out if they click enough things and there are tool tips on everything.  It was very easy for me to pick up.The maps are great looking, but the cool part is that there are Volcanic, plagues, frost, and I think a couple of more types of territory and the TERRITORIES are ALSO rock paper scissors for the RACES of your leader and heros, and this factors into the game.  If you send anti volcanic troops into volcanic territory they are going to be far less efficient because moral will be low.  Things matter in this game.Another actually cool thing is that there AREN'T these giant research build trees to go through.  You can upgrade a city to max pretty quick in easy mode, which I am playing now in order to get a better handle on the game, but I'm sure the STRATEGY racks up quick.  There are like 3 levels for most abilites.  If you want to park your city and just produce mana you can do that.  Some units can fight on water.  Heroes can and do level up, and units can gain veterancy.Build cues are kept to a maximum of 5 cue items, either research or unit production.  Yes, it means you will visit your cue more often, but it works in this game because there are less actual cities on the map with an even spread.  There aren't a lot of city upgrades, so you can blow through them pretty quick.  BUT each of them matter a LOT.  You have to research archers if you want archers.  If you want to build a weapn forge (which crafts actual items for your heros) you have to research it first as expected.  There were about maybe 15 unit types under the hobbit units. (give or take).Armies are also streamlined because you can only have a maxium of 6 units per army (at least in the game I am playing, not sure if you can change that, but I don't think so.  This is GOOD because you are far less concerned with how BIG your armies are, but WHERE they are and what units are in them!Another thing is that each hero or your leader in the game has their own character sheet and as they gain levels you can spend points on any NUMBER of spells and abilities and you actually USE these abilities in combat!  There is ALSO a ""diablo like"" item page complete with a bag, and character outfitting, and you can send items from one hero to another.   The time it takes to do that is based on the distance of the heroes from each other.  So all the gear AND the spells make this hero or charcter very unique and deployable for specifc roles in an army.IN addition to that you have a SPELL BOOK which keeps each of the spell abilties of all of your heroes in combat and also GLOBAL spells that you can use to rain fire down units, or convert plague land to fertile forests for example.  You have to SHARE mana between the strategic spells and the close combat spells so it has to be managed wisely!  You learn spells by using research points (candles!) and there are many of them!  You can only cast a certain number of strategic spells per turn, depending on what they are.Also, the spells are somewhat dictated by RACE and CLASS!  So the spellbook is different for each game.  But some classes are bad at magic and a lot less effectve with less options.  The Warlord class for example.  But they make up for that with better armor and weapons and archers.In addition to your basic units that you produce, when you are successful Heros offer to join, and you can have them join you for a one time fee (I think all units have maintence fees, as expected).  Once a hero joins you, they get a character sheet EXACTLY like your Leader's charcater sheet.  Every hero you get is randomized based off race, class, and abilities so they are all UNIQUE.  Sometimes you can win a unit in battle, or a random unit to town will join you.The map is filled wtih independants and non-player kingdoms.  They can be hostile or neutral.  If you try and conquer them, some will run but some will fight.  Best be prepared if you want  to win, but stay close enough to your cites or a dragon might blow through and mess up your day!  Sometimes there is an opportunity for them to run, and you can choose between killing them or letting them run.  If you let them run you get good alignment and if you kill them you get evil.  Yes, there are good and evil abilities available when you spec your leader and for your heros.So basically, between the several terrain types, the rock paper scissors aspect of the heros and leader as well as chaning the compositon of each 6 unit army, you get BAZILLIONS of combinations, and all of the race units are themed for that race like the Hobbit Eagle Rider.  This means just a crazy amount of replayability.Finally, the COMBAT is VERY cool!  When you zoom in to the battle (IF you choose to manually fight it out) it's an area themed for the place it is.  I went in to one battle zone in a shrine and the objects decorating the shrine created obstacles that had to be worked around in the fight!  Terrain IN the fights is absolutely factors into game play.  Flanking and charging are ALSO part of the game.  If you have a hero on a mount you can charge into an enemy.  Each spellcaster can cast 1 spell per turn, so the combat really revolves around all those abilties you chose for your character.Anyway, it's all amazing.  If you like strategy games OR RPGS OR 4x genre games, you will very likely like this one.I see many hours of gaming awesomeness ahead."
76561198065980912,Recommended,226840,25819264,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,2134565(RNG),"9 / 10This is combat oriented 4x game. or more like little combat dedicated 4x game smiliar to HOMM or civilizations.Graphics are ok, music and sound effects are kinda cool game play really feels great.The game lacks some empire menagements  when it comes to empire building like other 4x games like Cilvilzations. Few choices you can make , few buildings you can build , and economic stuff game is too simplifed and shallow. And i have to say it is disappointing.But when it comes to combat , the game has the best combat mechanics. Unlike civilzation 4 combat system (And some bit from civilization 5) which luck plays major role in the game and you have little control about the combat itself, this game has some edge. You re no longer waiting for outcome after just throwing dice. Instead you actively engage in combat , and you can make a lot of tactial choices in combat. It feels like heroes of might and magic combat style but it has some more advaced combat mechanics and introduced some nice concepts to battle filed. You can flank your enemy , use special talents , you can bait them out... etcAnd yea this makes the game difficult to learn somewhat and could be little confusing but this is much better thanYou just attack the target and waiting for the outcome and saying like ""Oh crappp my modern infantry just got owned by pikemen , the odds were 99% purely because the luck turned out♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;I really still hated some luck based combat mechanics like ""Chance for your spell failure 40%"" and pesky halflings who evades 10% of attacks. but i think they removed a lot of luck based thing in the game. Theres still some things are totally governed by the luck but its less often and less frustrating then other simmliar games.The game units feels like AOE 3 , the races are unique and features simmliar units but the each races got some little bit of tweaks ""Goblin pikemen has the life drain and much stronger then others , while the elven one has the lightning attack , Draconian pike legions can fly"" and theres quite noticable amonunt of themThe hero / leader customizaions are quite remakable as well . you can experiment with a lot of magic / economic / combat oriented specialization and it is really fun playing with different races / classes  / specailizationThis game requires several hours of game play to learn basic stuff but it will be rewarding as you get better and gameYou can expect a lot of from game if you re fan of TBS like civilzations .P.S if you re planning to get just 1 expasion pack i recommend Eternal lord one it has the more volume then the other one."
,Recommended,226840,23199323,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Thyrork,"To say I like this game would be an understatement. With over five hundred hours on record, and a healthy amount of those hours spent playing multiplayer with members of the Something Awful community, and most if not all the hidden things explored, I still find joy in loading this game up and taking a necromancer out for a spin as I turn the entire world into an open grave. I still find myself impressed by the swathe of modding content, adding more hours to the lifespan of this game.On that note, it is worth emphasising,Please get thecollectionand not just the base game.Eternal Lords is worth the difference alone, while golden realms is also a really strong expansion. The Delux DLC is a nice bonus but the real prize is Eternal Lords. Necromancers are a very fun class but Tigrans and Frostlings are also great races to play as well.Now, lets discuss comparisons. This is not Civ, nor is it Endless Legend. In both of those games, you have a few other ways to win, you can play as an economic powerhouse who wins by driving everyone into a happy friendship circle. This is not how Age of Wonders 3 plays. War is here. War is how you win.* Drive your enemies leaders to their knees and take their thrones.* Find the seals of power, drive away the guardians and stand upon them, facing rival kingdoms and angry elementals until you master control of the place of power and turn it upon your foes in victory.* Unite races together and ignite beacons of unity, driving your enemies mad with envy as you prove your mastery of diplomacy by the sword as well as the tongue.You do not win Age of Wonders by becoming king of treasure hill or cutting into other cultures like a knife, You win age of wonders by the sword and the spell. You will lead mighty armies of golems, backed by the might of goblin riflemen. Armies of high elf berserkers, howling furious challenge. Armies of frostling spellcasters, standing alongside summoned beasts. Armies of undead humans, still wielding spiritual fire even while bound to your dreadful will.Heroes will be at your command to be equipped by the prizes you rip from ancient tomb and bandit-infested farmstead. From swords to rings to mounts, all waiting to be claimed and lost when your rivals finally kill your promising champion and scatter their prizes to the wind.You win in Age of Wonders in battle, and battle is what this game does very well. On this note I advise checking youtube for a few videos of the combat. Words don’t really capture it, nor do comparisons. Best to see for yourself.I think by this point I’ve said enough. There are other reviews that go into more technical details then I have, I am simply writing from a very bias place of love.There are battles to be won, cities to be courted, inn’s to be explored, caves to be feared, lairs to be cleared, heroes to be leveled, heroes to regret losing, items to be won, armies to be lost, beacons to be lit, seals to be defended and grand spells to be cast. Get to it."
76561197983919595,Recommended,226840,31510737,Posted: 2 May,all,Jukkake,OST on point.Combat on point.Graphics on point.Unit diversity and customizability very much on point.Diplomacy mostly on point.A very good alternative for civ. Feels much more indepth. Combat is better. Diplomacy is not.
,Recommended,226840,26367325,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,MoonshadowRogue,"It's a true spiritual successor to Master of Magic and that's what I love about itI would estimate that I played somewhere in the vicinity of 1000 hours on the original Master of Magic (in fact, still have it and play it occasionally on Dosbox). It had been a pinnacle of fantasy TBS games, unsurpassed by any, in my opinion.until this game came along.To any MoM player, Age of Wonders III will feel right at home. From mage customization to the exploration of ruins and caves, the settling of new cities and the building of great armies, the researching of grand spells to strike your opponents and bless your lands... and of course the heroes - numerous and varied.The races are fairly unique, with no two feeling alike. Playing anything from Elves to Pantherfolk, the difference between units and cities are big enough to merit playing at least once with each race. Add to that the different classes and magic skills you can customize your leader with and you get near infinite replayabilityThe music is great - I found myself walking around humming some of the battle tunes plenty of times... the visuals are fairly good for a TBS and I doubt anyone would complain much about them...The multiplayer returns the classic old Hotseat option, which definitely feels good for an old-timer like me...So far I've played well over 200 hours and I am still playing... it's just great."
,Not Recommended,226840,12676149,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Acanthus,"Edit 04/23/15: So I've done some multiplayer testing. The game is still super snowbally and overall, the mechanics still kill fun. I do, in fact, think the single player is alright now though.Again, keep in mind that I'm going to focus on the multiplayer aspect only. I didn't play civ to play by myself, and neither did I buy this with that intent.Old content/Base game (This is now current 04/19/15):First, the positives:Tactical combat: This is what the game sells itself with. The concept, how it's designed is actually quite fun on its own. If you like Endless Legend's combat, you would like this.Race/Class combos: One of my favorite things for the longest time was the different race and class combos would actually cause you to play differently based on what race you put with what class. The developers have indeed succeeded in improving parity some in 1.5.Map generator: More often than not, I enjoyed the randomness, aside from predicible positioning of capitals. Powerful treasures, like production materials/scrolls are now guarded.Diverse Units: Units are diverse, and even units from the same class may have differences between races.Now for the bad.Balance: Dear god, balance. Heroes have always meant to be powerful, and that is fine. But the majority of experiences players you meet will use heroes as spell casters. This doesn't sound so bad, right? Well, spells, in tactical combat have infinite range. If your hero is on the battlefield, it can hit anything. Your leader can do it even if he/she isn't there for double cost. The majority of matchups will be determined by spells. If not that, you will see tactics such as run and heal. In short, play to the utmost efficiency.Scouts/city mechanics: Scout wars are still annoying, and the flying ones are especially capable of taking cities, particularly the incorporeal ones. All units in any amount or strength are capable of burning any city in 2 turns, and any fort or watchtower instantly. I cannot emphasize this enough, the most central mechanic to continuing the game is the LEAST secure. This will turn your disadvantages into a landslide.The community: The community has become somewhat insular now, as 90% or more of the lobbies are locked. Join a steam group or the forums to try and get in, don't try to meet people in lobbies.Autocombat: To be frank, to manually do every battle yourself is not feasible in this game in multiplayer. Unlike Endless legend, which is very fluid about its manual combat for the most part, manual combat in this game stops all other action for every player that is not in combat. You either get to watch or not depending on what the host decided before the game starts. So you have to use autocombat... except that the AI in autocombat tries to resolve things as quickly as possible by having both sides rush at each other, tactics be damned. Therefore the losses are always higher than they should be, and unless you've played for as long as I have, you shouldn't expect to accurately predict the results, which to my knowledge is not a common skill.Fog of war: Once you initially explore the map, it shows everything happening except units. You see all changes and spell casting locations without vision if you're attentive. While this is a skill, it's not much of a fog.Patch 1.5:The new vassal system is actually pretty cool. You can now relinquish control of a city to the independents (vassalship is also the step before actually owning the city, too, so you can get it back). When you do this, the independents will pay you a portion of the total income and occasionally give you tributes ranging from resources to a small army (whose strength is based on the current size of the city). The vassal will also keep their city defended, which makes vassalship the answer to the player who lacks the ability to defend from silly things like wisp spam or something.It's not all good though. Much like burning a city, you can make a vassal out of any city in 2 turns no matter the size of the city, and after those two turns, the city will instantly spawn an army relative to the size of the city. Too much, too fast.Guard breaking: Now a thing.The new race governing and race happiness system adds a bit of flavor to the game that causes the way you play to have an impact on the people in your empire, and thus affect you. Now, if you migrate for optimization, it doesn't just impact your (ignorable) alignment, you've made one race pretty happy, and really upset another one. Good luck making use of them when their units are starting out unhappy. I have nothing but good things to say about this system, although I haven't had the time to explore every option with every race.Cosmic events: Adds random events to the game, which are mostly status modifiers. Some are positive, some are negative. Some only affect certain people. Some affect everyone. Fun in theory, but I find that I'm often annoyed by the results since it can cause damages to your empire through no fault of your own. The appearance of the boss drastically affects one person. The encounter is around legendary difficulty, and it roams the map. The items if you win are powerful, but I wouldn't lose a city temporarily or lose 4-5 units to secure it (in auto-combat). Overall, I think I would play with cosmic events off with other people to keep the frustration levels down for us all.Expansion content(yeah, I bought it to review):Necromancer is actually a rather nice addition to the game. It turns the class system a bit upside down because it has completely new mechanics added to the game (happiness and morale isn't a thing when you're dead, rushing causes your undead puppets to be destroyed instead, presumably because it's hard to rush and keep things safe, you also get population from killing things, which is kind of awesome). In practice, it plays a bit like a combination of theocrat (healing), sorcerer (supports are very important for more than just healing, and you get a decent spell selection), and warlord (with emphasis on debuffing rather than buffing, but you DO get some pretty nice battle enchantments like a warlord would).Frostlings: They play a bit like a combination of draconians and humans (I'm approximating), my two favorite races, so naturally I like them. They lose physical power in exchange for doing frost damage. Their pikemen are amazing (and tier 2). Love the race overall, but frozen flames (their support buff) will be op until it doesn't have fire resist (normally the race weakness), especially when used on frostling necromancer reanimators. (It also gives +2 fire/+2 ice damage to melee/range and inflict chilling, which is -20% ice resist/-1 defense.) Huge upsides in exchange for no healing.Tigrans: Poor Tigrans. Has the exact same weaknesses as orc (with even less healing!) with almost none of the upsides. -1 resist, no healing except support once per fight self-heal, who then lose their range for the rest of the battle, low range damage on archers in exhange for bleeding (in fairness, units do more melee damage to bleeding units... but no healing). You need considerable skill to make use of their unique talents.Halflings: Fun little race. They scale a lot on unit happiness. They have -20% phys resist in exchange for Lucky. A mechanic that makes every offensive ability have a chance to miss them. Seems not worth it at first, but it includes spells and such, and actually net decreases incoming damage. They lack elemental damage though.Specializations: Their themes are essentially chaotic magic, neutral good, neutral evil, and balance/anti-unnatural. They offer really nice tools that can offset racial and class weaknesses.Literally out of space, so I hope I wrote enough to help you guys make your own impressions, guys."
76561198010781856,Recommended,226840,28029318,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ithacan13,"I’ve been playing the Age of Wonder series for years, but I think that Triumph Studios deserve a veritable Roman Bacchanalia for creating Age of Wonders III. It’s proof of what an independent game developer came accomplish with vision, determination, and care for the gaming experience.The customization options are generous and the game delivers what many games of the 4X adventure fantasy only promise, an infinitely repayable and engaging experience with several modes of play. Personally I like the Adventure mode, for what better fun can be had in a virtual fantasy world then exploring, dispatching monsters, and discovering vast hordes of loot and heroic upgrades? The races are predictable—orcs and frostlings and such—but their weapons and powers are not. I mean, really, what other game out there offers foes who toss exploding chickens at you and gobs of ordure?As a “seasoned gamer” of 60+ years, I play games not only for the pleasure they afford but I’m convinced, and there is some seminal research to suggest, that video gaming helps with both cognitive skills and hand-eye coordination. An antidote to Alzheimer’s? Too stiff a claim as yet, but it seems I can always remember minute details of my 13th year after an hour or two in AOW III's expansive realms even if they are details I’d rather forget.Let’s not overlook the aesthetic qualities of games like Age of Wonders either. The game offers campaigns, scenarios, and random maps that are varied, beautiful, and endlessly surprising. Thank you, Triumph!"
,Recommended,226840,13110249,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,lusciouslanguidity,"A welcome addition to the franchise, with some new additions and some drawbacks.Pros:+More strategic layers than previous Age of Wonders games with Race/Specialization/Class combinations+Unique balance of over-world construction, exploration, conquering/destruction, and tactical battles+Strong RPG elements for a strategy game with Heroes and Leaders' leveling and meaningful choices along the way+Interesting strategic variety with interaction of terrain and races+Many and meaningful strategic options/choices in units (skills, abilities, looks, interactions) and cities (city types, upgrades) and empire quests+Relatively easy to use map editor/makerCons:-Less friendly fire (I enjoyed how friendly fire was handled in previous games) and height advantages-Less atmosphere than age of wonders games through slightly weaker lore, presence of magic, racial uniqueness, and music/sfx-Story is a bit weak-3D Models are a bit ugly-Less races (Currently) than in other age of wonders gamesDifferences from other 4x Strategy-Fantasy Games:-More tactical battle focus-Less focus on constructionThe Future:The community is strong and kind enough.The developers are continuously working on the game and listening to the players.New races and classes are coming out.New race relations coming out.New balances and bonuses coming out.More modding coming out.Buy or No?If you are experienced with 4x strategy games... I would get this game.While the genre probably could use a game to revolutionize it a bit, this game does enough new things to keep your interest if you are captivated by 4x genre.  You may be annoyed with some things here and there, but overall the balance is strong enough and they are working on improving the balance and adding more content to sink your teeth into.If you are interested in fantasy lore, role-playing/story-making, primarily and racial interactions... I would get it on sale or wait.Do some research on the game first; if you find the lore interesting, purchase it if you haven't played any game in the genre or wait to see how the updates improve and add to the game in a few months.  Keep in mind you can also create some interesting quests with the map editor/maker.If you haven't really played much strategy 4x fantasy games and are curious... I would get this game now or on sale.Your enjoyment of the game will be higher if you have an open-mind and like intricate game systems.If you are looking for a fast-paced, mind-blowing, competitive game... do not purchase the game or do more research.  The pacing is similar to other strategic games like Civilization.  Also, there is nothing in here that will take your breath away, at least immediately.  The engagement relies on the stories and histories that are created from the complex systems and events that occur.Overall...AOW3 is a quality game that could use some improvements.  Fortunately, the developers care so improvements are on the way.  There  isn't too much else in the genre being made at the moment either and is better than its nearest fantasy-strategy competitors.  But feel free to check out games like Warlock, Fallen Enchantress, and Endless Legend as they offer slightly different fare if tactical combat is not entirely for you."
,Recommended,226840,30130613,Posted: 23 February,all,Kris Magi,"I love this game: how many games will you ever own in life where you have played over 3,000 hours and counting? So replayability, robust performance, depth, availability of a wide range of mods and an active modding community is testament to the popularity of Age Of Wonders III. Triumph Studios (the developers) are responsive, engaged with their user base and deserve to succeed.Highly recommended."
76561197960337918,Recommended,226840,24328547,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Farre,"Age of Wonders 3 is an excelent 4x game that focuses heavily on combat but should not be your first 4x title as it's so deep and complex that it will overwhelm you.This game is very similar to the ""Heroes of Might and Magic"" games but everything is taken to a next level. There are wide variety of starting races and classes. You even got 3 specilization skills on your leader. There are tons of stuff that are thown to your face right at the begining so I strongly recomend to watch a lets play video on youtube before jumping to a saddle youself. Heroes naturally level up as you proceed and they can be focused to be a healer,a disabler, an aura giver or a creature summoner for example. You can develop your empire to a way wish: getting everything by brute force or with cunning diplomacy. Whatever you choose war is inevitable in the end.The combat is executed excelent in this game and fighting is something you do almost every turn. Some fighting areas give units buffs or debuffs. Most terrains is also filled with natural obstackles that you can use to your advance. AI plays clever and will kill your units when it have a chance. Every unit has 3 action points and you can drain enemy units APs with diffrent kind of attacks and abilities what makes combat really deep and interesting. There is no pre-battle deployment and your units can get underfire the very first turn. I Feel mixed about lacking this feature: It's annoying to see your leader starting position being on a frontline and taking damage, however even now you still use your first turns to getting your formation up so is there really anything missing?There are random world wide events that happen every now and then which makes every game feel unique. Amount of items and abilities is just ridicilous and they can really alter you playing style. Not every items is ""+2dmg or +3 armor"", some give you unique abilities, auras, immunities or spells. You can also develop each race under your rule and try to complete special goals called ""empire quests"" while playing to get more powerful.There is no ""Technology tree"" in this game because most of the new learned things are not linearly linked to each other. This is without a doubt interesting feature when you have played this game a while but I'm pretty sure all the new players find this very confusing as you don't have a clue what you unlock after curent research is completed. Strategic minimap don't give almost any information about the map besides it's shape and location of the towns. I also didn't find any way to enlarge which is unfortunately as it really is a minimap.If you have patience to really study all the complex game mechanics you are probably going to spend a good portation of your time with this game. On the other hand if you have just played call of duty games and want to try something else, this is not for you. Start with Civilization 5 if you are looking for easy approach turn-based strategy game, because this is made for 4x veterans. Have played some 25 hours when writing this and I have just scarth the surface. Every game I find many items and monster I haven't seen before and develop more efective ways to use my units and vanish my foes.10 - Perfect game9 - Excelent game, best of the genre8 - Good game, worth your time7 - Average game, nothing really special6 - Bad game, avoid5 - Painful to play, completely waste of time4 - Failed game, unpayable"
,Recommended,226840,18336779,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Dreganius,"The city was lost. Orc civilians were rushing around, gathering belongings and fleeing their homes. On the horizon, six Ogres were marching forward. I had corralled every unit available in the area into the city, in a last-ditch effort to kill at least one or two of the foul creatures. The force consisted of 2 Musketmen, an Engineer, an Orc Priest and a Dread Monkey. None of those units could take a single Ogre on in a fight, but it was all we could muster. The plan was to force as many casualties on the Ogre's side, fighting them to the death, before our glorious leader came to avenge the fallen with his siege cannons and Juggernaut landships.I instructed the men to pour burning pitch made from Dragon Oil around the walls, in the hopes it would slow them down, and perhaps damage them further. Our leader cast a Mass Curse on the Ogres from across the world, using up all of his magical power for the time, which weakened their armor and resistance a little bit, but also, unwittingly, it seemed to drop their morale down from a high standing. The Ogres charged the city walls, and became immolated from the pitch. They yelled out in pain and anger, but all struck the walls with their fearsome clubs, shaking the very foundations. It seems the pitch wasn't enough to make these beasts think twice. I ordered the musketmen to fire down upon the beasts, and one fell in the initial volley, while the engineer handed one squad a set of freshly loaded muskets so they could fire again immediately.And then the Dread Monkeys began to fling their own excrement at these lumbering beasts. A foul, uncivilized tactic, but it proved to be too much for our would-be conquerors.The Ogre it landed on stopped everything it was doing, and tried desperately to rub off all the filth. The stench was horrific. Nearby Ogres were so repulsed by it that they fumbled, barely damaging the walls they were attempting to tear down. The burning pitch continued to sear their flesh, as the Musketmen fired volley after volley at the hapless monsters. The monkeys danced around, giggling and chattering in glee. Before the dastardly cretins could fling more of their filth at the Ogres, there were none left. All that remained were the charred, punctured corpses of what was once an impressive invasion, and not one of my men had fallen.TL;DR version: Dread Monkeys fling poo at an invading force of Ogres and demoralised them just enough that my ragtag group of defenders held onto a key city instead of being absolutely slaughtered.10/10 would fling poo again."
76561197960743443,Recommended,226840,30936058,Posted: 3 April,all,RadTim256,"It's a good game. I think it's more fun than Civ 5, but I agree with some of the reviewers that some of the game mechanics don't make sense. A squad with 1 hp still doing full damage and the flanking rules don't work really well. It's better in many ways than AOW: Shadow Magic with the more 4x elements.But there are some problems... The tools for managing lots of cities and armies are lacking. There's a global spell that the enemy can cast that lower all your armies moral so you can't win any battles and everyone leaves you by the time you can cast a disenchant strong enough for it, so that's pretty unbalanced. It's difficult to get used to right-clicking all the time after playing modern games, so it'd be nice to have an option to have that work differently."
,Recommended,226840,17515160,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Bahuemac,"An extremely polished game with very intuitive controls/menus/interfaces. It's kinda admirable how it all comes together fluently and flawlessly for this isn't something that is self-evident in game design I suppose. As far as it's actual features are concerned it doesn't reinvent the wheel, it stays faithful to it's prequels in many parts, but there was probably no need to mess with tried and tested mechanics anyway."
76561197968526294,Recommended,226840,22655165,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Maverick_Hunter,"This game is truly a gem amongst the 4x genre. It does a great job of blending familiar combat mechanics of games like heroes of might and magic with the turn based empire building of more well known games like the civilization series. While not as complicated on the empire management side of things compared to games like civ, The very fact that you are constantly having to weigh your ofensive and defensive capabilities from the very beginning of every game prevents the pace from ever getting boring. Being able to combine races with empire classes provide a lot of diversity in unit bonuses and combinations which, between that and the game rule controls makes every new game unique.Overall: 9/10"
,Recommended,226840,12910350,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Walrus,"Having not played an AoW game since the first one, way back in about 1995, I wasnt quite sure what to expect with this.What I found was a delightful cross between two of my other favourite franchises - Heroes of Might and Magic, and Civilization.Age of Wonders III features many elements from the above and adds in a few ideas of its own, the result is a very solid turned based strategy/RPG hybrid of sorts. Certainly one to watch out for on the Steam Sale if you are considering getting it."
76561198048141376,Recommended,226840,10740535,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sir_Knight,"If you have played games like Civ 5,4 ETC, enchantress you will love his game.. and if you have played the previous two you will not be dissapointed by this.. i have never seen any devs in a game stay true to their game and constantly help people when they have problems... once you start a game it may turn out its now tomorrow for you because you get lost in this great fantasy world."
,Recommended,226840,10969483,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ExNihil,"Fantastic 4x Game. The battle element is very intelligent and allows for almost endless replayability. With the latest patch Multiplayer stability is very good. In comparison to other games i have played online, I must say I am very happy with the support this game is getting. Highly recommended to anyone who loves civ, master of magic, heros of might and magic, age of mythology and so forth.EDIT: I have now played both DLC expansions and this great game is even better. Improvements were made in every single aspect of the game and many new mechanics were introduced. The new content looks and works amazing and the multiplayer is bug free and very comfortable. I am primarily an MP player and this game has a vibrant community of competative players."
,Recommended,226840,23679687,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,MrNo,"As of 12/3/16 this review has been modified. At the time, it was at 94% helpful. I hope that only goes up!You can see how many hours I have in this. It's only going to keep rising. I love this game. It may well be the best strategy game I've ever played. It's heavily combat focused, and that combat never gets old for me. I'm still learning all the time. The highest level AI remains a challenge for me, though that is largely due to its construction; it cheats on the same order as SCII's AI cheats, gaining massive resource bonuses, morale bonuses, etc. It's a challenge, but not a fair one. I still enjoy it!So, what's it about? War. The entire game is focused around going to war. Do not get it for empire building, there isn't any. The biggest decision you have to make with cities is when it's worthwhile to stop producing units in favor of a building of some sort. All of the buildings either unlock new units, upgrade units produced from the city, increase research output (used to research more WEAPONS), or make the city harder to take. The only victory conditions are war related.Is that a problem? No. Because the war is so good. The strategic map is for faking out your enemy, destroying their economy, causing their cities to rebel, and striking their armies with spells. The tactical map, entered for battles, is for destroying their armies, and no other purpose. And it is so good. Most of your time will be spent on the tactical map, trying to keep your units alive while inflicting as much damage as possible on the enemy. The tactical AI may be the best I've ever encountered at providing a challenge. You have to be careful, or even the weakest group of enemies can deal serious damage to you. It does have mild flaws, largely centered around valuing damage over keeping its own units alive, in many cases. Which makes it extremely dangerous, if not quite as viable in the long run. Harder difficulty settings easily counter this shortfall by giving it resource bonuses.Everything has a counter, but no counter is hard. You aren't going to be crushed because your opponent chose a ""better"" setup at the beginning of the game. You will always be able to find a way around it.While I myself do not play MP much, the community is alive, both in PBEM and live games, and there are periodic community run tournaments.Man, I've rewritten this review so many times, trying to keep it short. Too much to talk about, and I'm going to cut myself off here. This game is wonderful. I will be playing it, minimum, until Triumph puts out their next game. My metric for value on a game is that it's worthwhile at 3 hours per dollar paid. I'd say that it falls well beyond that benchmark.Want a game focused on tactical war? Get this. Full price, all DLC included, I recommend it.A note: The above said, this game will often go 75% off for base game, 50% off for the complete pack, and 40% for DLCs. If you're not going to buy it unless it goes on sale, that's the best you're going to get in the near future. I still say get it full price, support the company, it'll still be well worth the price."
76561198040401422,Recommended,226840,11994373,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Dolor,"The Great:- Fantastic tactical turn-based gameplay- Fun and enjoyable fantasy setting- Turn-based overworld gameplay generates the ""one more turn"" compulsionThe Bad:- Combat slightly favors ranged and magic heroes and units- City management gameplay is shallow and uninteresting- Lack of interesting challenges in the late gameOverall:A great strategy game that deserves your attention if you are interested in turn-based tactical combat and/or Heroes of Might and Magic type gameplay."
,Recommended,226840,16709162,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,鬼戦車KV-1Cmdr GuardLoliko o7,Few devs that make actual expansions ranther than cheapy ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLCs.
76561198047364402,Recommended,226840,22715371,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Madix,"This game is similar to 4x games like Civilization or Endless Legend except that there's more emphasis on combat and less emphasis on other aspects like commerce, city building, or diplomacy. *Those other aspects still exist in this game but their purpose is mostly to facilitate battles.The combat is turn based and highly rewards you for good strategic play. Most fights come down to simply having stronger units but even if you have low tier units you can still sometimes win nearly impossible fights with a good mix of strategy and spells.Individual battles can range from one unit vs one unit to massive wars that can take nearly an hour to complete. If you're impatient (and are sure of victory or defeat) you can also select the auto option which will measure your strength against your opponents and the computer will instantly dictate the winner of the fight.Each class rewards you with unique units and spells and each race also has specific units as well as its own strengths and weaknesses.  Some classes focus on mobility and ranged units, one focuses on spells and summoning, one focuses on resurrecting hoards of undead, one focuses on spying and debuffing, one focuses on healing and buffing, and the other simply conquers as much territory as they can to produce as many units as possible. On top of all that, when you make your hero you're also given a choice of specializations that even further customizes your spell choices and strengths/weaknesses. As you can see, this allows for nearly endless combinations of ways to play the game. They aren't just superficial differences either, each class/race/specialization you play will have dramatic impacts on how you play the game."
76561198007399971,Recommended,226840,18228804,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,~PillowHumper~,Lots of fun... I recommend... Kill the Halflings!!!
76561198274101919,Recommended,226840,29419337,Posted: 22 January,all,Maeglan,"I bought this game because my boyfriend wanted to play together. It was fun! Especially playing it local co-op. Sitting together, talk strategy, team up. Great experience!It reminded me of my favorite nostalgic game Heroes III. The choices of characters and races were broad enough, and the different enviroments were typical for a rpg-strategy game.Through the fights I loved that you have the options to zoom in anytime and get a close up. The graphics are very clear so I recommed to play this game with High Performances adjustments to get the best of the production.The single campaigns had a deep story and it gave you a lot of strategy challenges.Thumbs Up for this one! It gives you a  lot of gameplay hours!"
76561198006647933,Recommended,226840,9828961,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Low_K,"EDIT 23-11-2016 - This game still stands the test of time, if you still haven't bought it; Do it now!EDIT 17-04-2015 - With the new Eternal Lords expansion in combination with the free 1.5 patch, this game is even better than it was originally.Twelve years we waited for the successor of the excellent Shadow Magic (also available on Steam). And is it worth it? Hell yes!The graphics, soundtrack and (re)playability are excellent!As the Devs are a small company from Holland, and independent publishers, they actively browse and reply on the official forums, making notes of bugs (although there are very few bugs at release) and planning on fixing them in future patches. The same is regarding balancing issues. They are very actively gathering balancing suggestions and also implementing them thorugh patches. They are very close to the community and that is something most software companies can learn from. Regular patches are already released and more are in the pipeline.The game itself comes with an editor, so you can make your own maps/campaigns. Furthermore single-player options are two campaigns, about 8 scenarios and, the icing on the cake, a Random Map Generator. This generator makes very good maps with realistic landmasses. Maps can be selected for small to extra large size and 2-8 players.There is also a multiplayer mode which supports Hotseat (players take turns on the same computer), LAN (need to make contact with official servers first, after that it's offline), VPN (in beta patch at the time of writing) and normal multiplayer games through the internet.I already netted 165 hours in the game, which was released just 16 days ago (at the time of writing) and I just cannot stop playing! This game is highly recommended, not only for gameplay purposes, but also to support the independent developer!"
,Recommended,226840,34723480,Posted: 3 September,all,Slugsenpai,"I'm the type of person who dosn't usually post reviews unless i have a good story to tell, boy do i have a story to tell!I was having a good playthrough, spreading the goblin master race, i was a dreadnaught class so i had access to cool units like musketeers, engineers and mechs! (golems)well, i needed to clear out a lost city, which is a dungeon thingy, so i made a small force using the latest tech i have to clear it out, a unit of musketmen, a unit of engineers, two units of golems (mechs), a unit of mercenery orc warlords and a unit of beetle ridersso they entered the temple, and the game told me it was a probable defeat scenario, i was up against three naga matriarcs, a naga glutton, and two feathered serpentsSlugsenpai: first thing that happened, a naga matriarc slithered forward, rubbing her four breasts all seductive like, and charmed my beetle rider into attacking my poor engineers! my golems looked at eachother like 'bros before hoes' and charged forward, the six metal golems engaging and killing the first matriarc quickly, releasing the beetle riders from their tranceand thats when the battle truely began, the feathered serpants charged forward, flanking one of the golem units while they were in the open, and the matriarcs went after the beetle riders, the mercs looked at this, and they knew what had to be done, if the golems were overrun we would have no chance to take on the glutton so they let out a mighty warcry! and charged into the feathered serpants, to let the golems retreat a little to engage the matriarcs, the heroic orcs died shortly afterthis is when the glutton came in... a behemoth of a naga, the size of a house! but this is what my men planed for, the musketmen fired volley after volley into the beasts, the engineers assisting the reload so they can continue firing, then my beetle riders, still mostly fresh, charged into the glutton! desperately attacking! and then... the glutton ate them whole!all the golems then converged on the glutton, and after a lot of fighting the beast was slain... and then, out of the corpse of the glutton... one defiant beetle rider burst out of the glutton's mouth, charging at the fethered serpants, he died soon after, but not before taking one of them down!this was when the other two matriarcs attacked! slaying the engineers outright! there were only one unit of golems and one unit of musketmen left!it was a desprate assault, it seemed hopeless since the musketmen were too overwhelmed to reload their muskets! and were dieing fast! there was one naga left and one golem left and one musketman left! single people! the golem grabbed the naga from behind, holding on to dear life! giving the musketman enough time to reload and fire at the matriarc! killing her!it was a phyric victory... the lost city was cleared... yet the only survivers... one golem pilot... and one musketeer...they were no longer an army, so they shook hands, and went their own ways...the lone musketeer left to the new city that needed the resources from the now cleared lost city, and is now teaching the local guardwhile the golem headed to the capital, it just so happened that the empress had a spot for a golem in her royal guard... he arived just in time...There ends my story,Certainly not mundane.Now i think it's time to,Play the damn game."
,Recommended,226840,25403090,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Steve Lo,This is one of those games you think you're not going to like but ends up surprising you with how good it truly is. The best way to describe the game is like it's Civilization V without the city micro-management in turn for more indepth combat and multiple story driven chapters. If you enjoy strategy or hex-based games this is a definite must if it's on sale.
,Recommended,226840,29243881,Posted: 14 January,all,(CG) Dreez,"The best game I've played in YEARS. I've got Civ 5 and all the expansions, Civ 6, Endless Legend, if it's turn based I've got it. But this game is unreal. I haven't been hooked on a game like this in months. Years, even. I highly, HIGHLY recommend this game for anyone who loved Endless Legend."
76561198047206682,Recommended,226840,18218686,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,TurdWeed,"Excellent fantasy based strategy game. Combines elements from Heroes of Might and Magic, and the Civilisation series to create a game with a focus on aggressive expansion.Pros:- Fun combat mechanics.- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of spells/units.- Nice audio/visuals to go along with the fantasy element.- Well made campaign.Cons:- Bit of a learning curve if you haven't played any AoW game before.- Games can take a long time, especially when you first start and don't have a late game strategy in mind.- Using auto-combat can be risky.I would recommend getting the expansions after you've finished the main campaign. Well worth it."
76561198069177923,Recommended,226840,31030178,Posted: 8 April,all,Prowler477,"Fun Civ like game with a more comprehensive and interesting combat that is still hex based but on the battlefield unlike Endless Legend. If you like Endless Legend or Civ I highly recommend playing this one (and I mean its almost exactly like endless legend). The game also feels a lot like the board game heroscape with some of the heros and powers. Finally, the music kinda sucks so big minus in comparison to Civ V's fantastic score."
76561198001981267,Recommended,226840,31989091,Posted: 26 May,all,kent154x,"This is my first review ever on Steam and I usually don't bother but this game warrants it. I'm a very casual rpg player so when I bought this game I wanted to chill on easy difficulty and build elite monsters to sling spells around, but the ai initially kept kicking my rear so I stopped playing due to the depth and complexity of units and stats etc. that I hadn't expected. However, this is the sort of game that really draws you in and after quitting a couple times I finally started playing again and now I can't stop lol. I've been watching youtube videos and reading several forums with posts by experienced players. What reallly cause me to buy the game in the first place was the Necromancer expansion because I'm always looking for new Necromancer games, but I've now started loving the Arch Druid class mixed with Theocrat heroes after the ai defeated my Necromancer with Arch Druid in a rather epic battle. Normally I avoid such complex games becasue I'm chronically lazy and there's so much to learn, but this game proved so fascinating that I've made an exception. If your a fan of turn based rpgs I highly recommend picking up this superb title, but be prepared to devote some time to it if you really want to see all it has to offer."
76561198032195639,Recommended,226840,9688926,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,ActionJesus,"I have played Age of wonders game in the past so I am pretty familier on the game play of these type of games, let me start and say this game is the best graphical of the lot.   Now that I have that out of the way the detail that the developers have put in this game is pretty impressive.  Each individual unit makeup and descriptions are pretty well done as well pretty funny on some of the unit discriptions, similar to Warcraft humor.  The tactical combat is a pleasure to do even though there is a option for auto-resolve. I wouldn't suggest auto resolving too much unless your cut for time, and this game is not really made to be rushed and get it done game.  Like the old saying goes its good to smell the flowers sometimes and you should do this in this game because the animation and tactical combat is a thing of beautify.  The unit detail as you battle is so detailed I had to zoom all the way to appreciate the orc's armor and color scheme,  it's that good.You can tell they put alot of love and effort in this game.  There is so so much detail besides the units makeup, terrain, heroes, etc. etc...  I just can't go thru all of it, it was pretty much worth my hard earn money.   Gameplay is very addictive and the story is interesting and keeped me involved.Now everything isn't perfect like when siege units break down walls.  Its hard to see from the animation that the wall was destroyed or not.  I keeped attacking the same wall because of it.  Only way I knew that the wall was destroyed was that I accidently moved a unit past the castle and it moved threw the wall.  Thats probably going to be patched since this is fairly a new game.  I am sure there are other bugs but nothing I have played so far that crashes the game.  Its pretty stable and the turns are rather quick after you finish your round.  I would say it takes few secs for the next round, thats really fast, which is pretty impressive compaired  to game like Rome Total War 2. It seemed like forever to wait for your next turn the Total War game.  Yes these two games are different but just trying to point out that turns are pretty quick and fluid in Age of Wonders 3.All in all I would highly recommend this game to any turn base strategist and fantasy buff.  The intereface is so easy I believe it might attract a wider audience besides the aftermentioned gamers.  Yes, this will suck your time like no other.  I went straight 4 hours playing and didnt even notice the time go by, thats how enjoyable this game is.  Just smell the flower and trust me dont rush threw this flower bed or you will miss the beauty of this game.NOTE: I purchased the game and was not a Beta tester or a employee of them. lol"
,Recommended,226840,27102472,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mastuck,"So, I nominated this game for some Steam Award and now I have to write a review for 25XP. Deal with it! Still, I'm going to write a full review as someone wo has nearly 400 hours in Age of Wonder 2: Shadowmagic, and... well, a lot less hours in Civ 5.So what is Age of Wonders 3?Age of Wonders 3 is a turn based Strategy game strongly focused around combat, in a pretty standard fanatasy setting. You have elfs, orcs, goblins, halflings and some more unique races like fronstlings and draconians for example. You play as a highly customizable wizard, learning spells and taking over cities, you can upgrade to build stronger and more units, either by producing them in the cities or summoning them with magic.You have multiple classes for your wizard, that kind of work based on the rock paper scissors principle.You'll be able to recruit heros, who can cast some spells as well, and whom you can level up and equip, just like your wizard. Unlike in the previous Age of Wonders game you have the option for your heroes, that if they die in battle, they'll still life on afterwards, unless you lose the bettle entirely. But then you can just resurrect them, using a spell, everyone gets sooner or later. This makes things much less frustrating for those who wish so.The other big new thing in AoW3 is flanking. In AoW2 you could come in with a few strong units and just ♥♥♥♥ up a whole army of individualy weaker units with ease, unless you enemie had a big defensive advantage. Flanking gives you new tactical method to make your numbers count, if used well, and it makes some stealthy units more viable, by focusing their skills on this tool, not just having invisibility or concealment on the worldmap.Yes, there is a worldmap and a ""new"" map for each battle. Playing CIV5 after AoW is the least satisfying thing in regards of combat ever. It's like playing ludo after falling in love with chess. You can fire with archers or priests from the top of your city wall, while the enemie sends massive wallbreakers to tear down your gates. Meanwhile his flying unity just pass the wall, trying to take out your raged units. As your last archer dies you cast a massive firestorm for lots of damage on every unit on the battlefield, including your own ones. This is combat.Now there are some cons I'll have to point out.First of all I am not a fan of the campain. As much as I'd like to play it, the missions are just annoying to me. I can't really explayin why, sorry. But I've never liked the campain in any AoW game, while there are many others who loved them. So most of the time i'm just playing randoms maps.The second thing I'd like to point out is a point that occurs in every round I'm playing. It's the point where you are (if you're winning) reaching superiority in a game it becomes boring. They implemented the option for leaders to surrender to you, which I really appreciate, but if you play a 4-player match and took over the cities of 2 of them already, the last enemie is pretty boring to defeat most of the times. That's why I rarely ever finish a game.The third thing are the difficulty settings for the AI. The AI cheats on higher difficulties. They get way more resources, combat bonuses agains independent units, like for example a group of dwarfs protecting a mine, and other stuff. That's not a good way to create difficulty in my opinion.And at last the DLC problem. No, I think the pricing is ok, but I also think they are mandatory for a good experience. The base game just feeld a bit empty.But now a quick sum up of all the great stuff, and belive me, there is a lot!The combat is great, and if your Army of Angels has to fight a pack of wolves you can just let the battle fight out automatically. The new class-system is a welcoming difference. The environment looks gorgeous, even on (most) random generated maps. I still prefer the soundtrack of AoW2 but it's still great in AoW3. Never had any problems with online play. The spells are great. The customization options for the leaders give a lot of variety and a lot of different options for tactics.To sum it up.Age of Wonders 3 is a great turn based game that lacks the economical complexity of games like Civ, but provides a superior tactical combat experience in a good looking fantasy setting.8,9/10 because I can play as a goblin druid and it's great!"
,Recommended,226840,10021535,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,walpurgisnacht,"I have always loved both the mythological turn based strategy war games and the Civilization games, so when I saw this I went for it.  Man, I am not disappointed.  Personally, it keeps my interest better than Civ V because of the unpredictable variance of the random maps.  I started playing the recommended campaign, but that was right when I got it, and needed to learn how to play this game.  I quickly switched to the random maps and have been having a blast with the curve balls this game throws at you.  I took over a dwelling of giants at one point and was carefully upkeeping it before producing a giant unit due to the expensive maintenence when suddenly a city on my outer borders got attacked by a very nasty undead dragon.  The dwellings are cool if you can take them over, but are fierce opponents.  If you take over or are joined by an independent city of another race, you can make units of that race.   Learning the game is an experience that increases its replayability.  At first I thought goblins were unfairly weak, but after playing other races, I learned some goblin units are pretty darn superior for their type.  You can basically play the way you want - if you want to be warlike, go ahead and invade and break treaties, or whatnot.  There are rewards for getting an evil alignment as well as good if you want to try more diplomatic methods such as doing quests to absorb cities.  I can't say much about the campaigns or the multiplayer at this point, as I am having too much fun with the random maps to try them yet.  I totally recommend this game if you like Civ games and myth-related turn based strategies."
,Recommended,226840,32935420,Posted: 28 June,all,Canticle Van Darq,"Probably the best fantasy 4X ever made.  The graphics, the detail, the combat, the volume of content.  Add two DLCs and the steam workshop and this game becomes cosmic."
,Recommended,226840,28831673,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,slyfrequency,"Out of all the games in the steam christmas sale this year (over £100 spent), this one was the best one i picked up and have played, and still continue to play. If you want a simplified version of CIVILIZATION 6, then pick this game up, if you like fantasy turn based games, then pick this game up.EDIT (10 HOURS): Can't stop playing, had this game for 3/4 days, girlfriend complaining I'm not spending time with her, must be trying to distract me so those damn ORCS can invade my kingdom, smh."
,Recommended,226840,31510541,Posted: 2 May,all,DragoonLance,This game is amazing. Great replacement for those who have lost hope for the might and magic heroes series. Great random map features.
76561197993322809,Recommended,226840,32678604,Posted: 23 June,all,karakahya,"I believe this game is one of the most underrated games.If you have played Civilization and HoMM before, you will definitely like this game. The whole class, race and specialization systems provide enormous amount of character combinations. Character traits and combat system allows many different strategies. You can build very interesting armies. Variety of strategic spells and combat spells is just beautiful."
76561198126115445,Recommended,226840,28229161,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,vault101tunnelsnake,"Take Civilization IV/V and strip away the complexity of luxury resources and strategic resources, as well as complex diplomacy. This is very loosely a 4X strategy game.And It's amazing. They have tuned the strategic combat system to practical perfection. If you enjoy turn based combat, and the idea of empire building, but want something more exciting or prefer battle. This is for you.Each civilization is pretty unique, though the humans could be a little better. The classes are ALL Unique though. And each one adds variety to the game.Overall I would say it is a solid game, that is worth getting if you are into the war part of 4X strategy games."
,Recommended,226840,12445784,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Helios,"I really enjoy this game. I've wanted to play a game like this for some time now. I haven't played the previous AOW games but I'm glad I finally found this one. It's a great blend of Civ and HOMM. I like that you need to be aggressive to win. There's a lot of action and conflict.The game has a great combination of races, spells, and units. The graphics are great and the customization of your leader are very nice. There are a ton of settings that you can adjust to enhance your game.The multiplayer is very good. If you autofight independents then it goes by fast. There isn't a lot of waiting around for your opponent to take their turn (hello Warlock games).I haven't even played the campaigns yet. I prefer sandbox mode.The expansion adds a lot to the game and is reasonably priced. I bought the base game on a 50% off sale. At $20 you cannot beat it. Knowing what I do now about the game, there is no doubt I'd pay full price for it. I highly recommend it."
76561198014955980,Recommended,226840,18067126,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Ashuroa,I played part 1 & 2 of this back when they were new so I was very much looking forward to the new one. It didn't disappoint.The game looks quite beautiful. The basic game mechanics are still the same so if you have played the old games you will feel right at home again. There are lots of different units and strategies you can use. Combat is fun and complex. The story is pretty run of the mill but good enough to glue the maps together.The game is well supported with patches and expansions.Well worth playing.
,Recommended,226840,23319545,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Test Bear,"This game is exactly what I\'ve been looking for: a decent fantasy strategy game.I do have some slight issues:1. Needs more Navy. I love naval combat. It\'s adds a different layer into the strategy game and makes it more interesting and challenging. Unfortunately there are only two fleet options in AoW: the frigate and the galleon.2. I\'ve found the Tigrans to be slightly OP. I started a game with Cerren and have tier I & II units just walking effortlessly over tier IV and higher units. Are they OP or an I just better with the Tigrans than I am with other races?3. Sorcerers feel slightly OP. Sorcerers. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing sorcerers! They start of weak then suddenly BAM! Unstoppable. But I can\'t judge AoW for that. They\'ve always been like that.3. Why don\'t assassins have throwing knives? Assassins without throwing knives or shuriken is like waffles without maple syrup.What I love:1. The tactics. Having to take into consideration race, class, morale, climate, terrain, and all these factors makes this game pretty damn sweet. I know it\'s not really a new concept, but it\'s a good one.2. The world is beautiful.3. The characters are beautiful.4. I can customise my own heroes.5. It saves after every turn, which is great if something goes wrong, like a blackout or a crash.All in all I like this game a lot."
,Recommended,226840,16193592,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,bopp,Lets you play as a racist dragonhitler leading legions of angry lizards with guns10/10 would buy again
76561197974403782,Recommended,226840,9876946,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,The Internet Janitor,An actually good remake of Master of Magic. If you enjoyed AoW2 or MoM this is the game for you! Fantastic and worth every penny.
76561198087418091,Recommended,226840,16280260,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,SwagMasterSenpai,"This game is:10% luck,20% skill,15% concentrated power of will,5% pleasure,50% pain,100% reason to purchase the game."
76561197989919333,Recommended,226840,9880041,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Rykenwolf,"The best turn-based strategy since Heroes of Might and Magic III. Prepare to invest heavy amounts of hours into the campaign and barely have even explored what the rest of the game has on offer. The AI offers a decent challenge that will keep you interested for a while to come, and the combat system has enough depth to bring along a few surprises each match. Look no further if you are after a polished strategy game that will keep you thinking and offers some nice fantasy elements to boot."
76561198055402958,Recommended,226840,25447891,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Felix.exe,"9/10Age of Wonders III is a must-have for anyone that loves fantasy and/or turn-based strategy games. The multiple campaigns have great stories, the gameplay is smooth and the graphics are beatiful. This game is worth the money you pay for it and you'll enjoy it for many hours."
76561197984188009,Recommended,226840,23757344,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hemlock [WP],"I was a big fan of Age of Wonders II and Age of Wonders II:  Shadow Magic so it is natural like I would like AoW III.  This turn-based strategy game with a fantasy theme is sort of a mix between Heroes of Might & Magic and Civilization.  At least for me, I like AoW best of all.  I love the hero units in this game and the way they level, have items/mounts, and can use spells.  I love that there is incentive to level and grow even the normal units as their stats get better and they may get additional abilities at higher levels.  I love being able to choose what each city is producing whether it be units or some building that will give that city an ability or boost.  AoW III does not have the race and unit variety that AoW II:  Shadows Magic had but they keep adding races and whatnot via expansions so maybe it will get there eventually.I like the single-player campaigns thus far but there are some things that bother me.  First, sometimes the missions force you to be very aggressive in order to win.  If you are too slow then the AI can wipe you out or at least make the mission drag out way longer than it should take.  Second, I love to focus on leveling my heroes and the campaign missions usually have a hero level cap that gets higher as you get deeper into a campaign.  I understand the reasoning for that but my interest drops when I can't grow my heroes anymore.  The best part about the campaigns is that you get to keep your heroes mission to mission.  All their XP and items and skill points remain.  There is a caveat though but I'm not sure how much I should say about it since it could be a story spoiler.I have about 80 hours played thus far and I haven't even finished the first out of four single-player campaigns (I think the base game comes with 2 campaigns and the expansions add more).  I am definitely getting my money's worth.  Even if/when I finish all the campaigns I can easily create scenarios against AIs or players where I control the map size and whatnot (a la Civilization).  That is what I often did on AoW II.This is not a game I will play all the time but I will always come back to it periodically where I get all excited about it once again and sink a lot of time into it for at least a couple weeks."
,Recommended,226840,24434739,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Artist Formerly Known as Rinse,"Best TBS game ever in my opinion.+Combat is absolutely EXCELLENT and feels involved and indepth+Great RPG Elements+In depth character creation+Huge Unit variety+Good DLC with loads of content that only the host needs to own for others to enjoy+Massive replay value+Excellent Co-OpAnd now negatives-Graphics are JUST okay and animations are nothing special-Ingame weapons and armor don't change how your character looks-DLC is kinda expensive and doesn't go on sale cheap enough, though they are well worth the money (HALFLINGS)All in all Age of Wonders 3 has loads of character and massive replayability. An absolute ""A"" in my opinion."
76561198096968879,Recommended,226840,9783964,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,balthazar1911,"Age of Wonders 3 is perhaps the best in the series thus far.  The best features being the extensive random game generator and the capabilities of hot-seat multi-player.  That being said, for those who are wanting a good single player srategy game, it fits that bill as well.  Though I have seen repeated unit selections, there is enough variation to edge you towards creating multiple heroes just to see what build fits your concept best.  The music has changed in pace from being dreamy to driven synth orchestra... and boasts a great selection of tracks.  The digital soundtrack package included 36 tracks, plus all the cd case art.  If you are looking for a good strategy game by which you can take your own pace, dab into some light rpg elements, and team up with (or betray) a buddy... you have found it.  Previous fans should rejoice. Others, well, welcome to the club.  Oh yeah... don't forget the perks of the included map editor."
,Recommended,226840,30813989,Posted: 29 March,all,T2TL,"Pros and cons at the bottomshort version:This game is the best turn based strategy game i have ever played (i have played a lot of them). I have hundreds of hours in offline play on this one. If you like fully customizable heroes (very very customizable, almost rpg like), deep tech trees and xp earning units that end up forming an elite guard in your army or gets thrown away as cannon fodder just to be replaced with more, then this game is a must. Graphics are good, gameplay is very good and music is absolutely excellent.Longer version:This just might be the best turn based strategy game of all time, rivalling the likes of Heroes of might and magic 3 and warlords 2. AOW series can be described as being a mix of those two games series as this game features city specific tech trees, hero classses and races, fully customizeable heroes, global and tactical spells, xp for all units and heroes, income and upkeep, tactical battles, heroless armies, quests, random events and the list goes on for pages. The campaign story rocks from the very first game in the series and no less in the last. Scenarios feel like mini campaings and the map generator works very well. Races and classes have clear different feels to them and are well balanced with the option to build some badass heroes and armies.An example is the match between the rogue class and the dreadnaught class, one is based on nimble movement and cruel backstabs while the other is based on mass destruction by steamdriven warmachines. The AOE from the dreadnaughts death macines would prove unbeatable for the light, but fast rogue units if not for their scoundrels ability to sprint through the incoming fire and sabotage those same engines causing tremendous damage. There is no such thing as a fair fight against a rogue and so such thing as a casualty free battle against dreadnaughts.This is an immersive fantasy strategy game with deep tactics and rock, paper, scissor counters with near endless options for combination and no two games need look alike. The fantasy setting and campaing story with a red line going from the very first release in the series to the last of the DLC (which btw is well worth the purchase on sale if youre short on cash). Your hero pick up where you left him in every mission of the campaign making you increasingly badass and without any linear progression as it is entirely up to the player how to build him or her.Pros:-Game is awesome-Very good campaigns with thorough and exciting tutorial elements in the start-Turnbased with simultaneous play options with the turn ending when all players press end-Music (really).-You will never try all combinations of races, classes and hero skills nor will you want to stop trying.-So customizable that style and taste comes into play.-Deep morale system and buff/debuff.-Alignment (good/evil/neutral) is earned in every game by actions.-Unit alignments.-Race relations and specific faction relations also mostly earned.-Can be played in ""simple"" mode by making easy setups and disabling things.-Great campaign with red line from the very first game, without it being a requirement that you have played the earlier games.-Very dynamic once you get the hang of how to do things properly.-The little things does matter, they make up the balance which allows deeper undestanding for better tactics.-Has settler mode with empty maps where the empires have to be built from scratch.-Have a ton of modes and random events and basically endless things that can make every single game significantly different even on the same map.-Sometimes trying that thing you didnt think worked turns out to work very well and continues to surprise and reward creativity-Has many good scenarios which play out like small campaigns-Classes and races have very different, but balanced, strengths allowing any well executed approach to work effectively.Cons:-Very large maps can accumulate a little too much management for some peoples taste, though it can be circumvented by teching and planning well (making 5 dragons instead of 50 footmen, less units is less management).-Did not release a sequel the minute i finished the campaign (making me wait, like why?)-Can be confusing if you try to understand everything at first, play the first campaign first which turns this into a pro-Some classes like Rogue or Sorceror/Sorceress can be a hazzle to fight if you dont force the fight onto your terms and instead let them harass you, this can be a pro if you like being that one ;)"
76561198067912743,Recommended,226840,28237234,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Barca,"This is an absolutely stellar game. The mechanics are alot of fun and the different advantages of each race/class work together intamtely. The strategical implications are far reaching and varied. The actual combat is a blast and the computed can be very challenging. As much as I like Civ, this may be my favorite strategy game."
,Recommended,226840,12428242,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Zad Ragnar,"While not exactly revolutionary at any given aspect, the unique combination presented in the gameplay plus the fact that it is fairly well-made make for a worthwhile experience if you are into this sort of thing. It's a fantasy turn-based civ-style game, which is not something you really see a lot of. The campaign leaves much to be desired, the gameplay isn't perfect, and sure, I'd like a little more from the customization options, but this game does a lot of things competently so I can't ask it to be perfect at everything. If you want just an rpg to customize characters, this isn't it. If you want your hero to also lead armies in your growing civilization in a fantasy world, this satisfies that. There's also a map/scenario editor. You'll have to look up how to do scripting if you want to be fancy with it, but the map editor itself is fairly easy and well-done."
76561197986628744,Recommended,226840,9731603,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,JohnnyRaygun,"I've never played an Age of Wonders game before.  I played Civ V however, and this game is similar in a lot of ways. Basically, imagine Civ V but with less to do with science and diplomatic options and more just combat, combat combat.  Throw in some Final Fantasy Tactics for manual combat (there's an auto resolve button if you choose not to) and you have a steller game.I originally wrote this game off as I figured all my friends playing it would move on shortly after.  Now I can see why they are so into it.  It has plenty of depth for replayability. Whether you want a rogueish goblin who is adept at fire, or a theocratic orc who uses kindness, it's all up to you.Pick this♥♥♥♥♥♥up.  If you are on the fence, just jump.  I did, and I don't regret it."
76561197979329395,Recommended,226840,12535320,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Johnny 5,"One of my favorite games on steam!Prepare to be sucked in with Age of Wonders 3.  An amazing turn based strategy game that will continue to hold your attention and WOW you with attention to detail, depth and rich battles.The game features a series of campaigns with different routes, fun hand crafted scenarios and a random map generator with different modes to play.You pick a race/class/specializations which are all interesting, fun and create different synergies.Orc warlord? Human Dreadnaught? Elven sorcerer?,Goblin Archdruid Specializing in water magic to create a swampy empire?You name it! the combinations are plenty!Each race starts off with a variety of units that for the most part fill common roles,Infantry, Archer, Pikeman, Cavalry, flyers, and support.  All these units per race ARE UNIQUE and different, it just might not appear that way on the surface. Orcs are great at melee, elves great with archers etc.Classes affect your spells in and out of combat, and units that you get.Terrain/weather affect.Your leader and Heroes units level up and can customized.Units can level up.Different sub factions that can be conquered and used to your advantage. Like dragons and giants.I can go on and on but the combinations and situations to be in are plenty and it never gets dull.MUST PLAY! 9/10"
,Recommended,226840,25824621,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Mentalmanja,It's like a mix of Age of Empires + Civ + XCom. I love it. Definitely recemmend it.
76561198087647750,Recommended,226840,32624866,Posted: 21 June,all,lindbergkaige,"On the strategy map, this game is inferior to most of it's other 4X competitors. Where this game absolutely shines though is in the turn-based tactical combat, which is the best turn-based combat I've seen in any game. The staggering amount of unit variety, hero and race combinations, and different strategies means the same fight can easily result in two very different outcomes depending on how well you play it. Consider it the Total War to Civilization's EU4/CK2."
76561197968399495,Recommended,226840,30402963,Posted: 8 March,all,woof,"Short review: 596 hours. Um, yeah.Longer review: If you were ever a fan of classic turn based strategy games like Heroes I-IV, you'll love AoW III. Much more than the recent Civilization games, it has that ""just one more turn..."" feel that will cut into your sleep time. Beautiful graphics, easy to learn and use UI and excellent mod support that adds even more depth to an already deep game.The only real negative is that the expansions really are required to get the most out of the game, especially the one that adds necromancers and a lot of other fun stuff. A number of the really excellent mods also require the expansions, beware."
,Recommended,226840,23712098,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Solar,"This game has the best combat system out of all the 4x games I have played. Rather than watching your army play an attacking animation against the enemy on the map like in most 4x games, you are transported to a seperate battle map. In this battle are the units of the attacking army, the defending army, and any adjacent armies, for a total of up to 42 units. There are lots of unique units with unique spells and abilities. The combat is very strategic, you have to think about how you position your units to flank your enemy and not leave them vulnerable to be flanked by the enemy.The empire building isn't as in-depth as other 4x games though. This game is focused more on your hero, whom you can level up and acquire new armor, weapons, spells and abilities for. You can also recruit other heros to join you. This is one of my favourite 4x games and I would highly recommend it if you are looking for one with a more engaging combat system than most other 4x games."
76561197971079985,Recommended,226840,17247656,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Kruztee,"Brilliant.Cerebral and engaging. Subtle yet addictive.The tactical battles are second to none. Lots of ways to play. Looks sexy, sounds amazing.If you've ever enjoyed a 4X game and you've never played AoE3 then get ready to lose hundreds of hours of your life to this.The AI is pretty solid for solo play, there are many ways to MP (both co-op and PvP).Perhaps the best turn based strategy game that I've ever played. I'm including any of the Civs and XCOMs in that.10/10"
,Recommended,226840,15450022,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Infernal Machine ☠,"A fantastic strategy game that will appeal to anyone who loves the genre. The game is a 4X similar to Civilization and Master of Magic, but it takes heavy cues from Heroes of Might and Magic in that the world is littered with goodies thrown about to plunder and neutral enemies guarding them, as well as customisable hero units that you can recruit and level. The best thing about it though, is the tactical battle system. This is nothing new, as Master of Magic, Heroes of Might and Magic, as well as the original Age of Wonders games, all did this a long time ago, but here it feels so refined. Terrain has a big impact, units have cool active and passive abilities, and the strategic choices that you make in battle all feel meaningful. On top of this, the game has great variety. Not only do you have a selection of races to choose, all with their own tech trees and units, but you also have character classes and traits to choose for your leader. Your leader's class and traits will determing what extra special units you can produce, as well as the spells you have access to. The combination of both race and class makes mixing and matching fun to do, and allows you to have much more variety if you get bored of a certain setup, yet still like certain elements of your previous games. The expansions are absolutely worth it if you enjoy the game already. The Necromancer class added by Eternal Lords is amazingly fun, and plays entirely differently than the other classes, with a much more agressive play style that emphasises growing your cities and armies through combat. Over all, Age of Wonders III is one of the best in the genre to date."
,Recommended,226840,26409454,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,๖ۣۜLancelot,"I never heard of this game till now. I am a big on this type game mechanics. This game is similar to Civilization with it's turn based style. I'll add a plus on Manual Battle scenario. Although this is my first time playing an Age of Wonders game I can seem myself playing future series.Pros- Like Civilization- Manual Combat ""as a plus that civ doesn't have""- Interesting Leaders- Mixed Racial Empire ""Different types of units"" ~well races*- AI don't declare war on you just becauseCons- Requires an account to play online -_-- City Management isn't all to work with- Cities don't have defense protection like civ- Research is pretty wack ""Seems plain""People may diss me, but civ is the only game I can compare this with. Continuing on,  this game is worth playing and I'd recommend this to people who enjoy turn base games and sorts."
,Recommended,226840,9751627,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Sirge,"****Edit on Feb 2015****Purchased and played Golden Realm DLC...ExcellentPro 's-3 part Campaign with storyboard and voice acting, extra gametypes, leaders, units, etc.-Game seems much more balanced and only crashed once on a custom scenario.Con's-I use to be able to host internet games but now you get a connectivity rating and if it is poor you are   not allowed to host game although you can still join them.  (Nothing in my hardware setup has changed, so one of the later game patches must have implemented this.)-though they have done balancing to the game, I still found myself having to reload ingame saves while playing on the easiest skill level.In all I'm moving my rating up to a 9.April 7 2014My review for the 4x, fantasy genre, strategy game called Age of Wonders III.   I had high hopes for this title, as these types of games seem to be few and far between, especially when it come to the game raising the bar and setting a standard for its genre.  I wasn't disappointed at all.  Lets break it down:Graphics: 8Graphics had lots of detail, varied terrain types and meshes that blended well.Music/Sound Effects/Voice acting 8.5Had a great musical score, character acting was top notch, sound effects and environmentals were good too.Controls 8Controls are actually good.  Small issue with some poorly placed, floating info boxes that interfere with selection choices for hero skills.Gamplay 8This could have been so much higher.The good part is content: 2 campaigns, each with 2 different endings.  I have put about 50 hours into the first campaign finishing off both endings.  With still another campaign left, it seems there is alot of content to keep you immersed.  The game also features a multiplayer/co op multiplay option (and it aint ""hotseat"").  You can now finally battle it out, with or against your friends, in a 4x game turnbased strategy game.The bad part is there are some issues.  I started the campaign on normal difficulty and after two or three maps I had to change the setting to easy.  On easy settings it got just as difficult and impossible to complete the last 2 maps without dying a couple dozen times and having to reload the game.  Multiplayer also has issue, infrequent game hangs, and the more frequent friend dropped from game issue.  However, the game allows you to continue with an ai friend or save the game and reload and have your friend rejoin.  Nothing gamebreaking, just a minor annoyance.Overall 8Final thoughtsTriumph Studio was very attentive and  helpful with any issues on launch day.  There are obvious issues that they have noted and promised a quick patch for.  I take it as a good sign if they start pumping out patches before DLC for their game.  There are also gamers who feel the game lacks customization of units or this and that.  I personally feel we have been flooded with sandbox type games, and it has become an expectation that we should be able to create our own game, with the game you give us.  You can create your own custom hero and there is a map maker/editor I have yet to mess with.  With all this to consider, the game doesn't lack, but as any game, can always be improved upon.  Let Triumph get on with the bug fixing, and be patient for the additional content that they promise to work on and deliver.  The game is complete as is and will most likely go down in history as a ""classic""."
,Recommended,226840,9697482,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Dog,"This game is absolutely the Real Deal.  A friend and I was a big fan of the Civilization games because we could play together easily and seemlessly, and when we bought this we were a little unsettled at first because we thought it was too good to be true.  15-16 hours later I can honestly say this is one of the finest CO OP, Grand Strategy, RPG games I've ever touched.  So many game elements, unreal replayability, great depth and this isnt even counting possible DLCs in the future.  You'll EASILY get your money's worth in this jewel."
76561198000581514,Recommended,226840,31518665,Posted: 2 May,all,Samor,"Best turn based strategy game ever made for PC, no doubt about it.  The variety is such that 6 months into playing this game you will be finding units and spells you never knew existed.  This creates an infinite number of unique balance situations.  No game you play will go the same way as another."
,Recommended,226840,26367301,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Darth Reaver,"This is a perfect time to pick up this gem! If you like the combatr aspect more for 4x games then this is right up your alley. Deep tactical Turn-based combat a la X-com, with all the other things that make a good 4x. This is one of my favorites. Pick it up. It's well worth it."
,Recommended,226840,23697920,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Too Soon Junior,"I wish I knew about this game sooner. It incorporates features from Civilization, Total War, and XCOM in a turn-based format.=========================================Pros:I'm just playing single-player so far, but I'm loving the RPG elements of leveling your leader and troops.You can research spells which you can use to cast spells in combat (buffing troops, damaging enemies, etc), or cast spells outside of combat (damaging enemy armies, buffing your cities, etc.)Sieges are well done as far as giving the defender a big advantage, but still making siege weapons useful. Not enough games use these mechanics properly.Each race has it's own pros and cons, and each leader has their own spells and stats, some of which you can influence when they level up. There is a custom leader creator as well which is pretty cool.Great value. Got this game on a -66% Steam sale, absolutely worth the price. Only bought the base game, but in the first hour realized I would enjoy it enough to buy the whole package.=============================================ConsThere is a lot of micro-management, but it's turn-based and similar to Civilization. So if Civ was overwhelming, this may not be the game for you.Battles can be a little tedious because you move and attack with every unit. Also most units have their own spells and ranks, so it's not too horrible. I'm not disliking combat yet, but I can see where some might. There is an auto-resolve option like Total War though.Edit for multiplayer review; highly not recommended. You have to watch every battle as other players complete their battles. There is auto-resolve, but this game is all about tactical battles and it's unplayable like that. However, there is play-by-email and that works fine, so if you don't mind doing that, then it's do-able. Really disappointing, but it's because of gameplay balance.=================================================All in all, if you enjoy Civilization, XCOM, or Total War, then you would probably enjoy this game.Also, that guy who has 100 hours played and still didn't recommend this game, stop being so entitled. That's a great value."
76561198127033209,Recommended,226840,33259436,Posted: 4 July,all,PsychedelicBox,"Excellent turn based strategy game !Very similar to Sid Meier´s Civilization in terms of city development but with a Fantasy genre twist and a touch of RPG.The battles can be manually controlled and fought and make up for half the fun Age of Wonders has to offer.If you like turn based strategy games, then this is a must try!I would even say that Age of Wonders III carries a bigger replay value than Civilization VI."
76561197989916429,Recommended,226840,18721939,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,DerWizard,"This game is great. I really like that the developers chose the right path, they not only did not move towards contraction but instead they actually introduced lots of new features into the game, which was very risky in the first place, knowing how conservative are fans in such games like AOW, Disciples and HMM. But in reality, compared to Heroes of Might and Magic and especially Disciples, which both went the wrong direction, this game is a masterpiece.The new added features make the game different on the one hand, but also more interesting. I do not want to compare this game to Age of Wonders II, which of course is a living classics, but I can tell that this game has set the bar very high. This is obvious when you look at everything - the picture is amazing, it creates an impression of a beautiful fantasy world - very often I stopped the game in order to look at the map, take a look at the river, mountains, forests, and to look at how my pocket kingdom is doing. The music is great, altough I always consider the Age of Wonders II contained the best soundtrack of all times in games, the compositions of Michiel van den Bos are very powerful, and are used when they are actually needed, very often giving an additional inspiration in difficult battles.I think the best argument which summarizes overall impression of the game is that there is always a wish to let the game go even when the map is already won. This is paradoxical on the one hand, because each map takes very long time to beat, but it was always a part of Age of Wonders gameplay, and compared to the previous games, in my opinion, it feels way faster. There are always so many things to do, do some research, build more buildings, recruit more units, build improvements, and to build new cities... So sometimes I regret that there is no single unified map like it is in Civilization, where you could develop a huge Empire and allow it to stand the test of time - this is perhaps the only bad thing about this game.8.5 / 10"
76561197971962644,Recommended,226840,22445337,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Shadovar,This is the first Age of Wonders game I played and I can tell you it is a fantastic game. As of now I have 368 hours in the game since I bought it back at the summer sale of 2015. After playing it for a bit I had to have the expansions because they just added so much more to the game. If you are thinking about getting this the first thing I recommend doing is always check out some game play videos on youtube of the game.10/10As of 11/2016 I now have 522 hours. Great game.
76561198035391503,Recommended,226840,33558715,Posted: 15 July,all,lagrie,"Age of Wonders IIIwow, really suprised. Amazing blend of TBS/4x and rpg mechanics.Amazing beautifull/collurfull world.classes are fun, races are awesome.There are mods.The maps that are huge take a long time to finnish, but its soo much fun.The variety of units is great.The TBS combat is really well done.i know i'm just rambling, i cant find something bad that would let you stop playing this game.Its just a gem, a great fantasy TBS,4x, rpg.Enjoy the game. and sorry for the bad english."
76561198013674073,Recommended,226840,18576264,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Sedelf,"An awesome game.9/10Pros:*Fun combat.*Good soundtrack.Cons:I don't really have any issues with the game. Friendly A.I. can randomely turn on you at times, so perhaps that.A great empire building game and tactical based one, the combat is fun, the world is pretty, the soundtrack is great. Can't really think of anything bad about the game, honestly."
,Recommended,226840,9764638,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Kratior,"Way back i played Age of wonders[1] quite a lot with my brother. Then one day AOW2 came out, i think i had a nerdgasm, and now this. I did not even know the game was coming out, it just suddenly was on the front page of steam. My day was made. I regret nothing on buying it. never."
,Recommended,226840,9707785,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Etherlight,"At the writing of this review I have just finished one random map on normal difficulty. I had a lot of fun with this game but there are a few things you should know before buying it.This game excel with its tactical combats and it does it very well.  And the game is developed as a war game and the developers made this game around this concept, and you should accept this game as it is, a war game, where you need to carefully maneuver your units on a battle field behind covers, flanking enemies, exploiting enemy's weakness (elemental, armour, speed etc), and the game does it really well, and the ai is also very well done which employ a variety of tactics and is challenging even on normal.Now about what this game isn't. It is not a sophisticated empire builder like Civilization. In fact, because the game is so build around the tactical combats, the designers want you to intelligently maneuver your troops tactically, that you simply cannot win by strategic planning alone. There are no super units that you can simply steam roll through your foes. There are no super spells that will wipe out an entire stack of enemy on the tactical map. It is even hard to win by economy alone because even with one city you can produce a quite powerful army, on standard map the resources are so aboundant that you simply cannot starve a city out.Some people criticize the game because it is not what they expected, a fantasy Civilization game, and you should accept this game as it is, a very well done tactical war game.I really love the presentation of this game, both the visual arts and music are full of imagination and epic. I did encounter a few freezes although they are relatively rare. I hope you enjoy this game as much as I do."
76561198004582148,Recommended,226840,9700031,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Dano,"Excellent game - I have been waiting for a turn based 4x game like this for a long, long time.  Adding race + class was a brilliant idea.  An Elven Tech race?  A Dwarven Druid race?  Sure - why not.  I also like how your actions directly affect your alignment which affects diplomacy.Not sure why so many people are angry about the online sign-in thing.  There is a big checkbox on the front page that says ""Play offline/guest account"".  I have played for 4 hours and haven't even signed up yet.Also - the level editor looks pretty damned meaty - once people start cracking it open it will be interesting to see what it can d."
76561197962243678,Recommended,226840,31537466,Posted: 4 May,all,kankazoo,"This game is just brilliant and certainly the turn-based tactical game that I enjoyed playing best. What I loved with this game is that opens a way for putting in a lot of brain power for finding best strategies, unlike more classical TBS games where a very similar strategy is repeated for each encounter.To me, the very original point of the game lies in the possibilities for dilemmas and adaptation. The many combinations races x classes x specializations provides a lot of variation and exploration in terms of optimal strategies (each choice greatly impact the strengths and weaknesses of the player). This variety explodes even more when considering the choices and strategies of the opponent (e.g. how to best counter a Urlagh the orc warlord when playing a Zerti the draconian rogue?).In spite of the 200+ hours I (happily) spent on the game, I am still enjoying starting up a new game. I recommend to anyone who likes to dedicate brain-power to the game."
76561198041580818,Recommended,226840,13062505,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,snowdogbilly,I keep finding myself playing this game over and over again to see what I missed.  I love the imagery and I cannot wait for the next DLC.
,Recommended,226840,25085453,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Ritz42,Ive played 33+ day of this game..............wtf is wrong with me........
,Recommended,226840,23196490,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Ybot,"Age of Wonders 3 is definitely the best turn based fantasy Civilization rip-off around.I have a number of competitors and none of them come close to AoW3 in terms of polish, depth, strategy nor fun-level.The learning curve is steep - but you will never feel like your wasting your time.There are a good number of units and races, and then on top of each race is the class, and then the cherry is '13 specialisation trees with Adept / Master grades' (thanks CrUsHeR) so with race and class you end up with like 6² characters, then there is the choice of male or female which doubles that again - this game is huge. Add to that 3 expansions and you're looking at a true Civilization comparable time-waster.Recommended - especially at 20USD / 8.99NZD!"
76561198220675944,Recommended,226840,25959255,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,erihwa,"Excellent game.  Pretty much what I was looking for.  Has the elements of 4x, hero building, and tactical combat.  Still working my way through the single player campaign.  Love fiddling with the scenario editor."
,Recommended,226840,15460556,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Crazy Alchemy,"This game is a sequel and proper spiritual successor to Age of Wonders 2 and Shadow Magic that manages to remain true to and enhance on many things that make Shadow Magic such a timeless classic.One great improvement is the new custom wizard creator, which allows you to make really interesting custom characters and save them to use or play against. One of the big changes is the addition of a class system, each wizard chooses one of seven classes, and some of the classes take over the function of some of the old races (Dark Elves, Undead, Archons, Nomads), for example, Rogues build Shadows and Succubi and can do so for any race, and Necromancers can summon or build a lot of the iconic Undead units, as well as ghoul forms of normal racial units.Each of the seven Wizard Classes contain a variety of unique units and spells and can provide unique upgrades to their armies, each of the nine races has several unique units and a few generic units and can build class units for any class that commands them, in addition wizards can choose from several masteries similar to Spheres of Magic in AoW2 and Shadow Magic, each of which have their own spells and upgrades.Now with the recent surge of mods, it's also possible to customize your experience beyond what normal options allow, with mods that range from allowing custom wizards to wear any armor with any class, to more powerful terraforming spells.The game has a slightly greater focus on Hero Units than Shadow Magic did, but that can also be configured in settings if you don't like it. However your wizard doesn't have to sit around in a tower and will gain levels like heroes so it's usually a good idea to take it into fights.The Building Selection is mostly just like in AoW 2 with the main focus of the game remaining on exploration and combat. Patches have added buildings based on resources within a city's domain with a variety of effects, such as unlocking special units, or increasing research speeds. A racial governance system has also been added that allows you to select one of two race wide bonuses with each upgrade.The Diplomacy system is improved in many ways over Age of Wonders 2, but compared to games like Civilization 3 it still falls short, it's impossible to threaten and coerce other Wizards, and the AI is usually unwilling to participate in diplomacy unless it fully sets the terms.There are a variety of game modes, including Play by Email. It's possible to play single player, and to my understanding local host multiplayer without creating a Triumph account, so it's not DRM, but be advised that in order to access all of the achievements and some multiplayer modes you may need to create an online account for some of the multiplayer. Multiplayer probably isn't the main reason you'd want to buy this anyway, but it's worth mentioning.Overall, I can't recommend this game enough, it's my all time favorite game,"
,Recommended,226840,9711190,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,👨 privileges ☑,"I can't stop playing, please send help."
,Not Recommended,226840,15479398,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Lawndemon,"Can't recommend this game but it may be, at least in part, due to how I play this type of game. When I play a 4X game, campaign mode in particular, I want to be able to enjoy the setting. I want to build my cities, armies, and empire. This game is just a xenophobic sprint to tier 4 units.If you sit back at all the AI will crush you. On normal, the AI has numerous bonuses to everything and starts to send steamroll armies at you while you are still trying to enjoy setting up your empire. If you want to progress then you have to rush as fast as possible, save often, and dump all hero points into defense.Scenario is more of the same from an AI perspective. Diplomacy is pointless and random. The AI leaders remind me of Ralph Wiggum: ""I'm HAPPY AND ANGRY"".In short, not a terrible game but there are better 4X games out there to spend my money and time on."
76561197976851323,Not Recommended,226840,10086098,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Uncle Phil,"Age of Wonders III is an charming game but has too much cut and/or unfinished content to recommend, especially to fans of the older titles in this series, both which were filled to the brim with atmosphere.THE GOOD:- MusicInvigorating tunes that spur you on while you play, great remixes of old tracks while adding in a few new ones as well. Most are of great quality but due to the length of some instances (late-game world map micro-managing or lengthy battle sequences with large armies), the themes can seem to reoccur too often too quickly.- Gameplay (Leader vurnability)While defeat could come easily in Age of Wonder 1 when your leader died to a stray spell, Age of Wonders II made them too persistant with next turn revives and respawning at any city with a Wizard's Tower. Age of wonders 3 perfects this balance by granting the leader some form of revival but at a decent cost. All in all: Leaders are neither vurnable nor near-unkillable like they were in previous games, striking the perfect balance where all tactics can be considered during play to eliminate your opponent.THE BAD:- GraphicsWhile city-scapes during sieges can look amazing and army units are decent enough, there are equal as unpolished or plain bad textures as well. The leaders & heroes are the main offenders here: hair, beards and sometimes armor clipping or looking translucent, clothes or armor clipping through mounts,... Customizing your own leader has been expanded upon graphically, which I can only commend but the sore lack of extensive options makes this but a tiny timewaster rather than anything worthwhile. I confess, this is far more important in an RPG than it is in a TBS, but it looks half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥nonetheless (example: No skin-tone for Dark Elves whilst the High Elves race is a mixture of both Wood Elves & Dark Elves). Furthermore, while some ingame items equipped to these heroes show up on their avatar and thus offers a nice nod to detail, other items do nothing of the sort. In my opinion, either do all or none of the items lest you create the notion you hadn't the time to bother with them all.Some flying units have issues as well when fighting over lava or water. If the unit in question has an idle stance where it lands itself until ordered, it gets submerged nearly completely in said lava or water. Creating another idle animation when fighting over water or lava could have provided a solution here, as of now it just gnaws at the player's experience.- ContentAge of Wonders 1 had 12 playable races, Age of Wonders 2 had 15 playable races (12 in the original, 3 extra in the expansion), Age of Wonders 3 has 6 of these races. Not only a major plunge in what you can play, but all units feel much the same with different skins. Although each races varies slightly from the standard template (Dwarves have 1 extra defense & resistance but cost 10% more gold to recruit, Orcs suffers -1 ranged damage yet gain +1 melee damage, etc...), none feel as diverse as they were in previous games. While some units do have unique abilities (Elf Unicorn Riders pack the Phase-ability, unique to them), their stats are nearly equal apart from their racial modifier! To me, the varied stats seemed to have a far greater impact in previous installments, contributing to each race's unique style. The only units I currently feel that make a unique impact over its peers are the Orc Greatsword and the Elf Gryphon Rider due to enhanced stats or extra abilities.Next comes the story, spoiler tag inserted:Even though they try to take the story into a new direction, this game only contains 6 or 7 missions per campaign to explain it. Aside from being utterly uninspired with an ending that just oozes: BUY OUR EXPANSION SINCE THIS RESOLVES NOTHING; all of these missions fall into the same tedious category of: ""Build a base from scratch against overwhelming enemy numbers who rarely do anything and sit there until you grind them piece by piece into a pulp."" The last and fifth mission of the Elven campaign are notorious for this in my book. Aside from a few skirmishes into your terrain, they'll just wait until you come to besiege them. A few secrets here and there spruce up the lot, but they are far too minor to sit through hours & hours of same old empire building & grinding the foe to a pulp. Since nearly every mission is played with a different leader as well, don't count on transfering your researched spells over into the next scenario like you did in Age of Wonders 2! In my opinion, endless padding. The only plus was that it forced you to play with many of the classes the game has to offer, daring players to test all it has to offer, albeit not that much.- MultiplayerAs many posts on the Age of Wonder III tech support website indicates, a tremendous amount of players is having issues even making a connection to other players. I had this same issue until I disabled my McAfee software, the ONLY game I must do this for in order to play it online even when adding said game to the exceptions list. Even though the game forwards ports automaticly in the hopes to get a connection going for the owner, I still feel this is a nuissance that could have been avoided or handled in a better way than just stating ""Your router must cause the issue, call your providers to sort it out!"".When you're finally able to get this mode to work, the only feasible tactic to win the game under an hour is to rush your opponent to oblivion. I've played multiple team sessions and Free-For-Alls, all ended in either two scenario's. A: as stated before, players rushed eachother with their starting stack and hoped to have randomly received a summoning spell at the start of the game in order to crush their foe, quiting if they lost too many units along the way. B: People played passively for an hour and then quit the game due to a lack of intrest. In short: Play with friends so you can extend the game past the hour mark or fight it out until the bitter end. There is nothing satisfying about games ending abruptly because one felt it didn't go his or her way.VERDICT:I wanted this game to be good, I truly wished for this as I am a long-time fan of the series. I adored the previous games but with all the issues & disappointments I've encountered here, I cannot urge others to buy, let alone play it. A few more months to expand the content provided would have made this game a worthy addition but for me in its current state: It falls short.I've probably missed a few things here & there, but I hope my review helped you decide if this game is worth your time & money."
76561198032898189,Recommended,226840,29992757,Posted: 17 February,all,Noel.SE,"Solid Turn based strategy game for fans of Heroes of Might and magic and or the lod Age of Wonders Game.Pros:A large variety of heroes and faction combinations accomodate multiple playstyles. Something I always loved about the Age of Wonders game is the magic system. Spells are very strong in this series and  allow for many tactical sheananigans. In this game you can choose how strongly you want to focus on magic or if you'd rather prefer conventional armies.The performance is solid. Little lag and framedrops, though I expierence occasional crashes on my older PC.Cons:The AI, as is often the case in strategy games, is not impressive, especially when it comes to diplomacy.I feel like the balance between factions and heroes could use improvement.All in all, a worthy addition to the Age of Wonders sereis. If you loved shadow magic, then you'll love this too."
,Recommended,226840,26886495,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord Haart,"I have recently nominated this game for the Steam 'Just one more turn' award. I have played all the Age of Wonders series. I can honestly say that this is one of my favourite games of all time. There's something about Triumph Studios; they just 'get it' when it comes to these type of games.  As I have stated elsewhere, this game is a remarkable piece of work of which the aforementioned developer should be very proud.Heart-touching."
,Recommended,226840,25514565,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Golgoth9,"Heroes of Might and Magic 3 on steroids.More city options, but not too much so you get lost like Civ.Epic full 3D strategic turn-based hex-grid combat.Lots of variety of units and heroes.Lots of spells to research and cast, both combat and strategic, but impact is a bit limited because you can only cast a few spells per combat.A few mildly irritating quirks, but nothing critical.80 hours in so far, and I haven't even finished one campaign yet...9/10"
76561198093666854,Recommended,226840,18042035,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Goredoom,Awesome game! I have spent precious hours of my life playing this brilliantly ballanced game when I should have been doing something usefull :)
,Recommended,226840,17220782,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Zsanart,Best 4x fantasy strategy game ever.Great combat mechanicsAwesome character customizationExploration is fun
,Recommended,226840,22512699,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Cute Gwiffin,"Much like Civ V, this game has amazing DLC and has workshop compatibility which takes the game to a whole new levelAdding in races, HD textures and even more troops or dungeons to discover!!!"
76561197995285223,Recommended,226840,12454713,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Chickens,"A fine update of the AoW series.  It is essentially AoW 2 for the modern era.  Well designed, good graphics for this type of game, and very fun.  I highly recommend if you enjoy strategy or 4x games."
76561198012512028,Recommended,226840,12507438,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,CrazyF1r3f0x,"A very war focused 4x strategy game, tactical combat is cool, class system/leader customization is cool, fighting in dungeons and taking them over is also cool. Diplomacy is weak, and the focus on combat makes it feel repetitive after a while."
,Recommended,226840,9691291,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Moe Chairman of Moe,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥right there. No need to say it, but it took the best of AoW 1 and AoW 2, mashed it together and improved the rest of the game. The soundtrack is also a nice nostalgia trip for me too.But a few things need some improvement.-Needs incentives for having an alignment, some design decisions are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. You raze a city. You get evil points for it. You settle the ruins of the city. You gain good points for it. It's a ♥♥♥♥ing city that you pillaged to the ground, wiped out their inhabitants and settled the ruins again with your own people. It shouldn't be more 'beneficial' than outright settling the city with members of your own race. It's like rubbing salt on someone's festering wound. How the ♥♥♥♥ would you gain good points for it? Just rebuilding the ruins of the city after you looted and pillaged that city to the ground?-Late game is a whole cluster♥♥♥♥. Everything plays the same way.Above all else, it was fun and I'm just waiting for the inevitable Necromancer DLC. Been dying to try it out to get a feel of it.It's planned that the game would be a lot more moddable than it is. So I'm looking forward to that!"
,Recommended,226840,9759836,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,FrigginPandas,"This game does well to represent the past games in the series while bringing it up to date. This is a very well crafted game with nice visuals and fun gameplay. It does have issues with frame rate drops at random and a few bugs here and there, but it's overall well made. Creating a hero is very interesting and deep enough that I have yet to find anyone with the same setup as mine. I hope for future DLC adding in new races including Undead who you can take over and use their forces. The Wraith you can make is my favorite. Highly Recommended."
76561198072910692,Recommended,226840,9694522,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,JJ,"An awesome blend of civilisation, total war and every fantasy game out there. It is really fun and the character customisation really adds a new level to the diplomacy and immersivity to game! 9/10"
76561198018408733,Recommended,226840,32514918,Posted: 17 June,all,oakleylaw1,Phenominal Turn-based RPG. Heroes of MM was among my favorites until playing this. Great game.
76561198090202989,Recommended,226840,29295979,Posted: 16 January,all,Thalionheart,The best fantasy 4x available. Get it. Go!!
76561198088946812,Recommended,226840,25053804,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Shahbaz,"Awesome game, very addictive, you could easily spend hours just doing one more turn. The campaigns have a couple maps each, and each map can easily take 5 or 10 hours to finish!Terrible for the wrist and your sleeping hours though."
,Recommended,226840,17421721,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,fize4ever,"This entry is a fantastic --albeit different-- return to the series. If you want a turn-based high-fantasy strategy game, look no further than AoW.However, I can say without a flinch that if you wanted to truly enjoy Age of Wonders, you should start with the earlier games. As good as this game is, it's nowhere near earlier instalments. No, this is not nostalgia kicking in, I'm actually playing Age of Wonders: Shadow Magic right now, and it has more races, more units (some will tell you AoW 3 has more units, but they'll omit the fact that a decent portion of them are literal copy-pastes).The old games stick to a recognized lore, so you literally will not see Angel Goblins (I'm not kidding, they're called ""exalted"".. the struggle is real), Elvish trolls (""Warbreeds""), and other ridiculous units.Bottom of line, this game is great for what it is, an attempt to revive a highly praised franchise, and although it falls short in many ways, it is still a good game for all it's worth. Fans of AoW will definitely like this entry, while newcomers may shy away from the bizarre setup.Plus, the developers are really trying to appease everyone, and they're constantly supporting and updating the game. They can literally cash in and make a new game with all the updates and DLC they've done, but they chose to support this already existing game. Triumph is no big studio, so this says a lot.Thank you Triumph, this is a good game. Although, we're still hoping for an SM-tier entry. :-)"
,Recommended,226840,9691740,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Baal Firenze,"If you like Warlords / HoMM / AoW you'll like this one, great graphics and new spells"
76561198030944435,Recommended,226840,9691814,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,NoMercy88,"So far I have played 10 hours of this game, and to tell you the truth the game is just gorgeous. I can't believe how muchwork was put into every single detail. The in game guide makes it so easy to learn what each unit does, and how to use spells correctly that it makes you want to sink in and spend hours and hours just learning. You are able to play whichever way you like. You can conquer, and jump into battles or you can slowly develope and form alliences without having to rush. It is one of those games that makes you appreciate gaming industry, and why we play games in general. As I said before I have only played about 10 hours of the main campaign and so far I have not one complaint. To whoever is reading this I strongly recommend to try this out because I have not been so hooked on a game ever since original WoW came out (now it isn't as great anymore).In my book this game is 10/10"
,Recommended,226840,9692422,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Goldwiz†,"Hahaha what an Impressive comeback! I almost dropped a tear the first time I heard the old tunes played in game, I love the idea of bringing the old story and tunes of AOW I back to life. I was really excited when I was aware that the heroes can still be moved independently, I almost thought the game was a Heroes Might and Magic back then hahaha I think this is a must get for AOW veteran players, I purchased this game in hard financial times but I'm kinda happy I did that, Keep up the great work, Triumph Studios, I love AOW series forever and ever!"
,Recommended,226840,9687988,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,RusherQ,"When I was young I played the original Age of Wonders to death. As i got older I still played it and it became one of my most beloved games. Now while I do have a biased point of view I will tell you this : AOW3 Feels so much like the original is frightening. It seems like Triumph decided to start with the original and flesh out what was good and shave off the bad. I feel that they did a fantastic job making this game exactly what it should be.The overall gameplay makes you think that its a CIV knockoff but after playig it for some time I realized that its just similar, nothing more. I like the overall feel of the game and the only complaint I had was that the screen scrolling seemed quite clunky.I truly think they did a great job making the combat system emulate the original while giving it a unique feel that makes you want more. I'm excited that they kept commander (or leaders) in the game which nearly makes the game a turn based RPG. One of the best additions to this sequel is the ability to create a random map. While random maps are pretty standard now (or should be honestly) it brings a breath of longevity to the game.If you enjoy turn based stragety games that are fun and have dynamic combat this is the game for you. I truly think you'll spend hours enjoying this game and exploring or conquering your own world!"
76561198000005108,Recommended,226840,9691458,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Ferrack,"When I saw this was coming out I was really nervous.  Because Disciples 3 exists, and ubisoft has made heroes unplayable with their terrible launcher ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I bought it anyways, because AoW has always been fantastic.  Then I opened it for the first time and...oh god, a login screen.  Fortunately before commiting ritual suicide I noticed a play as guest option.  Okay fine.  There's a launcher, but you -DO NOT HAVE TO USE IT.-  Phew, one bullet dodged, sort of.Get in game, looks nice.  Music is good.  Music...sounds familiar.  Hmmmmmmmm.  Start a campaign.  I'm ecstatic to see they use the same style of opening sequences as the previous games, and they use them to do a quick recap of the previous lore.  This isn't a reboot or anything?  Sweet.  The voice acting is good so far, huge bonus.So I start a campaign and pretty quickly you get into your first fight.  And then, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Battle Macabre starts playing.  It's not exactly the same, but it's damn close.And then 7 hours have passed and you have no idea what happened.The music is really great.The combat is fun, very much what you'd expect from AoW.No disciples 3 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  Launcher service is optional.If you like TBS and/or any previous Age of Wonders then this is a must buy."
,Recommended,226840,34706733,Posted: 3 September,all,DreadReapr,True MasterpieceIve played almost all fantasy turn based games but this is defently the best.
,Recommended,226840,12815509,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,dubliz,"Amazing 4X strategy game which provides great tactical battles and huge varietyI recommend this game for any 4X fans who enjoy nice tactical battles/huge variation of everything.I really like the design choice which mixes race and class of the main hero, because this helps to create huge variety of combinations (and of course - many different units to choose from). I'm glad that I started playing this game about 6 months after release, because most of annoying bugs and problems were fixed and corrected. After two expansion unit/tactics/spells variation is really amazing. Each game is different from each other. Graphics and sound are also very solid.After this great experience with Age of Wonders III - I am looking forward to see what Triumph Studios will bring next.Thumbs up!!!"
,Not Recommended,226840,21088872,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,phinky,"The game is one of those i love and hate. I love the rpg elements of creating a leader, hiring heros, and finding loot. I love the combat system. I love so much about this game! However, I hate that the only acceptable tactic in this game is super aggressive expansion into every buildable tile possible. The fact that their is only a single strategy that can be used to stand a chance is really dissapointing. I mostly turn city building off because of this, and that helps. I mean it is a good game in some ways, and a horrible one in others. The biggest being the lack of depth in the strategy. I can't really recomend this game, but it isn't the worst thing I played. Just needs a new system to limit the rewards for city spamming."
,Recommended,226840,30356733,Posted: 6 March,all,Redtir,"Short description: for the TL.DR people.Age of Wonders III is a sequel to the series, having not played the previous I can’t compare it to them. Though the game has a bit of Civilization, Heroes: Might and Magic and some RPG like elements.What I mean by those is that the game lets you create the empire/leader you wish to have those include:ClassSpeciesGenderTraitsThese materials help creates your empire and leader on how you wish to conquer each Age of Wonders III world maps that can also be customizable from how many treasures and mobs to how much of kind of terrain. Even if the World Map is mostly a Vulcanic place but you want to whole world to be Frozen you can do that if your traits correspond to being able to make the lands arctic.If the world is corrupted you can cleanse it which will put you on the Good Alignment making it easier to be friends with people of the same Alignment, but that also means those that are on the Evil Alignment are going to be your enemies of course.Game Story:At the start of the game you can either go into Singleplayer Story or Singleplayer Skirmish, the latter means you make up a story as the game proceeds with the Empire and Character you’ve created or chose from a preset before starting the Skirmish.Now the 1st kind has you choosing from 2Vanilla(“The Elven Court” & “The Commonwealth”) stories and 2DLC(“Eternal Lords” & “Golden Realms”) based stories each unique in its own way and each having a story to tell and show you a world of wonders (pun intended)Scale:GreatGoodDecentNot badBadNopeGame: GoodGraphic: GoodSound: GoodAnimation: GoodAI: DecentGameplay: GoodModding: DecentClarifying the scale:- GraphicsGraphically speaking the game is good to be honest, visually aesthetic and pleasing to look at for longer periods of time well I suppose that depends what kind of Empire you chose to be being an Arctic Empire and staring at the white abyss can be rather too much for people that don’t like that look. Then again you wouldn’t be playing with that if you didn’t like it, each kind of Empire has their own unique look depending on how they chose their traits to be. A Druid will have a very green area filled with forests where as a Necromancer will have a very barren and desolate maybe even corrupted land.The micro-manage battles look very good when using spells or sending soldiers to fight, those same or other magics that are Empire-wide or World-wide will also have a visible effect in some cases that looks nice.- SoundThe sound is only good because I’ve had a few times where my sound was bugging out and that can be annoying, but other than that the sound is great and as a good fidelity when you take an Archer Unit and order it to shoot at a Machine Unit (usually made of metal/wood) you can hear the arrows hitting that metal/wood. What I mean is that it’s not the same sound for every landing attack.- AIThe AI of the game acts corresponding to their traits and alignment and so far, I have had no issues with the AI doing something out of the ordinary like they would in a Civilization game. Now it is only on Decent because there are some aspects of the AI that could’ve been done better, like if a Good Alignment AI is good that I would expect them to cleanse the land a bit more or an Evil Alignment AI would corrupt.It could of course also be that I haven’t played enough to be able to see that develop and since I’ve always been either an Arctic or Temperate Empire I would’ve reshaped the land per my own traits.- GameplayGameplay wise the game is easy to understand and get into, although I am still having an issue with combat mechanics, but that’s mostly due to my part of not doing much combat in the game. Other than that, the gameplay is well done, research is required to do anything in the game but if you focus like a maniac on knowledge like I’ve always done you learn everything so fast that by the time I am in mid game I have all the spells, buildings etc. that are within my traits.An awesome mechanic I’ve liked in the game that besides being able to craft your own gear for your heroes/leader you can also do World Quests well they are called Empire but since all Empires participate I find it more appropriate to call them that World Quests.Each one of those has a goal and a reward the first Empire to complete that goal will receive a reward it can be anything from a Unit to an Empire-wide buff.There are so many more things I could be saying in this clarification of the Gameplay, but I will leave that for discovery, I am just giving a “small preview”.- ModdingThe area is Decent because I’ve looked at some of the mods in the workshop and they look good, but I’ve never personally tried mods in this game since I’ve still yet to finish all the achievements and stories of the game so before that I will stay away from mods.Conclusion: for the TL.DR peopleThis game to me at least is a gem in the rough and worth picking up it’s not often I find a game that I like the style of just by looking at it, this one was one of them and I had it on my Wishlist for a while before I decide to say best way to find out if I like it is to try it and I did and I liked it.If you like(d) Heroes: Might and Magic series, Civilization series and/or you want some RPG elements in your RTS/TBS games like say being able to decide what kind of leader to have or what kind traits you want you Empire to have and can specify then this is something you should at least consider it. Speaking from my own point of view, it was not time wasted it was everything I liked put into one game."
76561197974019841,Recommended,226840,32900797,Posted: 27 June,all,Slice,"I had never played the first or second of the series, but grew up playing the older Heroes of Might and Magic and Master of Magic and this game provides a modern take on that nostalgic experience. I specifically recommend this to anyone who enjoys fantasy turn based strategy or tactic games."
76561197977623540,Recommended,226840,29572030,Posted: 29 January,all,Slevin,Really like this game. The mods increase the replayability quite a bit and the medals allow experience to take on more than you should at times making some battles very interesting.
76561197993065396,Recommended,226840,32239807,Posted: 7 June,all,venusius,It's your classic fantasy turn-based RPG + Strategy game. Not much to add except I recommend adding this to your collection to the genre.
76561198010354709,Recommended,226840,28800580,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,StGuaposFire,One of the best strategy games I've ever played. It's like high fantasy Civilization with the addition of tactical battles to the strategic gameplay. Highly recommended.
76561198079996589,Recommended,226840,24035888,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Timm099,"Love this game.  Reminds me a lot of the old Warlords series.   Get a hero, build units, create a stack and then go conquer.  But there is more complexity then just that.  If you like 4x, turn based strategy games like the Endless series, then you will probably like this game.   The only con (if you can call it that) is the slow paceing.  Games progress very slowly.  Large maps can take forever.  However it is fun, so I forgive it for being a major time suck."
76561197974493059,Recommended,226840,29108943,Posted: 7 January,all,jgaltx,"The best turn-based 4X fantasy game available. The best way to judge a good 4X game is if it compels you to take one more turn many hours longer than you planned to.... For me this game does that better than any other turn-based 4X fantasy game. If you like 4X turn-based fantasy games, buy it now and starting losing sleep!   10/10The best 4X fantasy list:Age of Wonders 3Heroes of Might and Magic 5 & 6Endless Legends"
76561198065347045,Recommended,226840,25604391,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Kaiser kitten,"This game is pretty fun. I found this game to be a cool trowback to the old might and magic games like m&m 4 with some elements of civ. The combat is fun and the element of creating your own fantasy kingdom is too. But i still wouldn't recommend it at full price because it can be a little repetitive. But if you like strategy games or fantasy, I reccomend you wait for a sale and buy it."
,Recommended,226840,10790350,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Big Bang Blitz,"It's barely even beleivable how good this is, just a masterclass in every category. Get this if you don't have Civ V, or even if you do. It can easily co-exist in the same space, it offers a fairly unique experience without sacrificing quality. It's a bit less plodding and quite a lot more awe inspiring. Do you like the idea of teaming up Frost Giants with Mechanized Spider Tanks to take on Giant Beetle Riders and Succubi? This is your jam!"
76561198007289728,Recommended,226840,11392254,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Dragon of the South Wind,"This game is CIV 5 but with magic and more movement. Also has little skirmishes whenever you fight something, unlike CIV (You zoom into a little battle, which is entirely identical to DnD but digital). Less focused on economy and city management, more focused on combat, which is perfect for me. If you liked Civ but wanted more combat, buy this.Graphics are lovely, slightly more optomised than CIV. There are ""Heros"" which act as leaders, have extra spells and get an inventory in which to store loot (you get loot from raiding tombs, dungeons and ruins. Such as a musket, a staff, armour or a necklace). Theres a leveling system for all units, so fight with them and they increase in potency, which makes a good deal of effect on combat. There are parts of the game that you breese through, and some that you just get wrecked. Unlike Civ, cities dont fight for themselves, you need to put normal units in them, and any sieges against them are fought by them, with a wall being the advantage given to the defenders.All in all, its a great game. £30 is a bit steep, so you might want to wait for a sale, anything over 10% off would seem like a decent deal to me."
76561198024327278,Recommended,226840,10822122,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Citizen Alpha,"I logged a handful of hours into the game and I enjoyed it quite a bit.  I'm a big Sid Meier Civ fan so this gave me my fix for a while.  The game is unforgiving and comlicated at first but its pretty addictive despite that.  Worth picking up, but maybe wait until its on sale."
76561198041529157,Recommended,226840,9788732,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Biggie the Tank Engine,4 HOURS INTO THIS SHEET AND LOVED IT.  NO REVIEW NEEDED.  GOOD GAME!
76561198026546544,Recommended,226840,23286646,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Fetish Ahmad,"Such an enjoyable product, awesome mixture of strategy-rpg elements. I have been playing it for 30 hours now and only played skirmish maps. Planning to start campaign soon but these custom maps are so enjoyable that I dont know when I can start playing campaign. When you have DLC's it's great to see the corruption that your necromancer lord remains whenever he moves around."
76561198050769787,Recommended,226840,12500863,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Skoomi,"Ok so, off the bat. I have not played the first two games to be able to compare it to them.Other TBS I have played are Heroes,Fallen Enchantress and something else that I can't quite remember the name of.ANYWAY. I brought this on a whim after getting tired of Fallen Enchantress and needing a game to keep me occupied before the next borderlands came out. (At time of writing). The idea behind i'd pick up something that wouldnt keep me too hooked and I could just put down...just put down...This game is addicting, the first TBS in a LONG time to give me the ""just one more turn"" feeling. I will not be putting this game down anytime soon. I'm not one for long winded reviews so i'm going to do a good old Positive & negative list.Positive:- A TBS game with an actual interesting story! (achivement in itself)-Fun to play-Beautiful art style and game, each race and unit looks fantastic.-Create-a-hero-Combat that makes you think (well me anyway..)-Brilliant system to learn mechanics, can simply type in a term to the in game Book that helps you and get brilliant explanation.Negative:- Well err....- Hmm...- Kinda wish you could zoom in a bit further.. but this is nitpicking as it's fine as it is..- Other TBS games I was looking at look really dull since I played this?  Is this even a thing? Probably bad for others but hmm..TLDR: Buy now, must have."
76561198123606867,Recommended,226840,12139332,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Belinath,"One of the best strategy games ever! Unlike Civ 5, Age of Wonders has tactical combat (rather than running two units into eachother), vastly differing classes supported by moderately different races, and NO PUNISHMENT FOR EXPANSION!!! Additionally, Age of Wonders is much faster paced and more centered on elite forces (heroes, champion units, etc.) than Civilizations, leading to a greater investment in specific armies and their powerful commanders. Expand, build armies, and WRECK your friends!"
76561197976999356,Recommended,226840,27374794,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magnus,"If you're a strategy game fan and don't own this - FOR SHAME!  This is a seriously underappreciated gem. AOW III features a splendid balance between turn-based strategy and turn-based tactical combat, which is where this game truly shines. Featuring a robust roster of leader choices, which in turn allow a wide range of unit and spell choices for each playthrough, AoW III offers massive replayability options - and that's' BEFORE you tackle the Steamworks mod scene. What are you waiting for - get this game NOW!"
76561198045942902,Recommended,226840,9747526,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Cyleal,"Very enjoyable 4x strategy game. The single player is fantastic. The customization to your leader is enjoyable and fairly in-depth, as much as something like Fallen Enchantress. The combat is more enjoyable than most other 4x games. The multiplayer is a bit laggy and simeltanious turns + timers makes taking your turn really hectic but with patient players and classic turn style the multiplayer is fantastic, if not slow paced."
76561198035823312,Recommended,226840,31538805,Posted: 4 May,all,glythe,Very well done turn based strategy game (which is an incredible rarity).The balance is quite nice and you can balance the game to perfection via the workshop.
,Recommended,226840,12408238,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,DrunkDave,Think Civ + HoMM.  Really liking it thus far!
76561198001026200,Recommended,226840,12531936,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Nodor,"A classic 4x.  This one is more focused on expand and exterminate than Civ, but a classic.Excellent Balance with a great random map generator.  1,000's of hours of potential gameplay, but you can finish a small map in a few hours if that is more your speed."
76561198055366275,Recommended,226840,31524120,Posted: 3 May,all,Sir Olorin,"One of the most epic fantasy strategy game out there !Lack of depth in some empire building aspect compared to Civ V but it has an amazing combat system and really cool class system ! The AI is quite deadly in some difficulties and is really good at fighting you.Even better, you can make your own custom leaders to lead your favorite race to victory, from the Orc Pope (theocrat) to the Halfling Warlord !"
76561198156416579,Recommended,226840,22875499,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Zephyren,"Great 4X / Turn-based strategy  game with lots of replay value, strong campaign lines and great coöp mode. If you like games like the Civilization series, or the Heroes of Might & Magic series this game is one you're definitely going to like."
76561198012710904,Recommended,226840,26472515,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,peerless_rider,"BUY THIS GAME!I won't apologise for shouting, this is the dog's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I will only apologise for taking this long to get around to reviewing it - 'cos I was too busy playing it.If you like turn-based-strategy and fantasy then I don't think you will find a better game out there. This has it all.Back in the day *rolls eys* I played the previous two and they were good for their time but this latest offering is fantastic.Depth? It's practically bottomless, especially with all the mods available from the Steam Workshop.The AI always has a trick up it's sleeve to stop you getting complacent and too big for your boots.I have over 300 hours on record. I keep coming back to it. This is one of my mainstays along with Total War Rome II and the Civ series, games I just keep coming back to.You could wait for it to come up on some sort of reduced price deal, but why wait? If you're a TBS gamer this is worth every penny of the full asking price.I shall say again.........BUY THIS GAME!"
76561197989834659,Recommended,226840,29471143,Posted: 24 January,all,Darklord,"It took me a while to get into the game, but with a little patience the reward is very satisfying. It's basically a turnbased fantasy war game, which i seem to become more addicted  to the more i play.. It  Reminds me very much of the might&magic. games,  9/10"
76561198093148462,Recommended,226840,12041142,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Soruq,"One of the most amazing games I've played of late, whether playing classic (one player takes his/her turn and passes it on to the next player) or simultaneous turns, the different feel it gives to the strategy genre works particularly well from my standpoint. With classic, it will allow me and others I play with the ability to play what feels like a virtual game of chess. This while being able to enjoy the luxury of a lore filled world and roleplay a large number of different wizards, strategists or great leaders from a graceful 'tree hugging' elf to a dirty scheming goblin. An ideal game for the fantasy enthusiast for sure."
76561198002646034,Recommended,226840,9828836,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Taldrezam,"What's that? you like immersive strategy and high fantasy...well good sir or madam, look no further."
76561198040525460,Recommended,226840,9866515,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Siraito,"If you like turn-base games and RPG, then you would love this game. You can create your own hero, it has features like civ. Great multiplayer and history.It needs a lot of strategy to win a game vs a advanced player, but it is excellent. Recomended"
,Recommended,226840,12320098,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Konges,"Great game all around, with good balance and dynamic AI"
,Recommended,226840,17588307,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Mikasa,Heroes III + Heroes IV + CivilizationDo I recommend ths game? Are you serious?
76561198132584106,Recommended,226840,19847806,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Jeremiah Gottwald,"A good game to start with! but the DLC? ITS A FANTASTIC GAME! Age of wonders 3 is a 4x game crossed with an rpg. the lead your armys with your hero equiping new gear and leveling up, through dungeons or simply all out war. you can of course take the peaceful approach and build up your empire.WAR IS THE BEST OPTION (in the base game).The dlcs add more options for peace, aswell as new ways to build your economy and eventually be come a deity for a race. or become their worst night mare!Before each game you must choose : race, class, and speciallisations.RACE-like any rpg each races has areas they like to live in and different perks.CLASS-decides your perks, late-game units, spells, and upgrades each class counters another class.SPECIALLISATIONS-you can choose 3, they add different spells and sometimes units-each one has a different affects on playstyles. some encourage being good others evil but most neutral.in terms of empire bulding it IS a bit simple,but dlc DO improve with more options for building your cities. you get more buildings based off of what in in your territory.All in all tho its a great game! sure war will be likely be inevatible, but you can win by becoming a deity of several races and building a beacan of peace. there are options for lots of different playstyles!. Play it now! choose your lord! find your own path! may it be peace or a bloody war-path cutting down cities like they were grass."
76561198044311424,Recommended,226840,24329485,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,timothym,"Without doubt my favourite turn based fantasy strategy game on the market. For those who recall Master of Magic, Triumph Studios have recaptured the wonder of that game and brought it into the modern era. The tactical battle system is in particular a pleasure to play and hasn't got old no matter how many battles I have fought in the process of raising my empire to pre-eminence."
,Recommended,226840,10115875,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,SpaceTreant,"Not quite an empire-building game like Civilization is, but if you're looking for a deeply visceral tactical 4X experience with engrossing customization and lots of room for optimized, competitive play, play this.Easily one of the best games on the pc game market right now."
,Recommended,226840,9808777,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"This is an Excelent 4x Fantasy Strategy game.  The Strategic and Tactical AI should be the gold-standard for any other 4x game.Over the years I have aruged with people about how shity the AI is (I am looking at you Warlock Master of the Arcane) and people just tell me it is not possible.  This game disproves that.  Its not smarter than a human, but it is sneaky and doesn't make the same stupid mistakes you see happeing on other games.  I definitly reccomend it if you liked Master of Magic / Warlock or want a fantasy civ like game.There is a downside though:  The diplomatic AI makes no sense and seems totally broken at the time I wrote this review.  It is the only big stain on this game."
76561197991986555,Recommended,226840,12026499,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Neferdias,"I played the first AoW religiously when it came out all those years ago. I never had the hardware to run the second one when it came out, but I was excited to find that a third iteration was in the works.Although I feel the depth of the game has been lost a bit, there are fewer units, and picking a race doesn’t really feel special anymore as many share the same unit pool (just with the obvious racial twist and visuals) I feel the game is still well worth the money paid. It is a polished game without bugs, the visuals are stunning, and the developers seem to show an interest in adding content through patches as the time goes on.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of this genre. There are many hours of enjoyment to be had with this title."
,Recommended,226840,9759400,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,MittenMarauder,"For those familiar with the Age of Wonders series, this game is definitely worth playing. The game will immediately feel familiar, while new game mechanics do not feel forced in. Overall, each race still plays like their predecessors, but each leader type will put a twist on your force composition.If you are new to Age of Wonders, this is a Turn Based Strategy game that is based on a series that has been around for some time. Age of Wonders III is similar (but superior) to games like Disciples, and Heroes of Might and Magic. Other similar titles would include Warlock, and Fallen Enchantress. The basics of it are you build an army, learn new spells, and march your gathered army to victory. On the main map, you can cast spells to help you and your allies or hinder your foes. You can explore the map for powerful items to equip your leader and heroes with. When you fight another army you switch to a tactical battle mode. Here, you will command your troops individually, and you are also able to cast magic to aid them.This is not a fast paced game, and larger maps can take a long time to finish. There are some minor issues, such as AI Diplomacy being touchy, however this game excels at Multiplayer as its previous iterations have. The campaign allows you to play both sides of the main conflict, and the achievements allude to 2 endings per side."
76561198043958615,Recommended,226840,9860841,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Rusty Raider,"i have not played a major amount of this game or any of the 2 aow games before this, what i can say is this is the big brother of might and magic there is more exploration massive on the rpg the city building is not as in depth as civ but it does not need to be. graphics are awesome aswell and i am sure what this game lacks at the moment will be fixed in the form of dlc haha, ride forth on your dragon,horse,unicorn,boar and lead the army of pengiuns fdedicated to evil to crush your enamies"
76561197997109962,Recommended,226840,9925516,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,goredancer,"Considering the good/bad comments about AOW, there is not much left to say apart from:PRO:-This game is a total BLAST in Multiplayer - even in hotseat mode when everybody is watching your moves (paranoia reigns !)- People complaining about the lack of depth (economy): Name a *good* (like CIV4 or Endless Space) game where the economical micromanagement was'nt just a time consuming boredom-factor once you got past the number crunching..- AOW3 IS heavily combat-focused - and in that discipline it shines on every level. The amount of tactical decisions to be made (terrain, movement, stats, buffs, debuffs, resistances etc.) combined with clever army builing is JUST RIGHT to let this game FLOW. In this regard, AOW3 succeeds where all the other titles (HoMM 4-6, Disciples, Fallen Enchantress) have failed miserably.CONTRA:- The Number 1 Mistake of new Players (and obviously the reason for a lot of bad tempered ""reviews"") is the misinterpretation of the way the units are represented (HP/DMG-wise). FOLKS ! The Number of 3d-Models in a Unit is JUST A REPRESENTATION of the Hitpoints - where low-tier units have i.e. 5 figures and high-tier units just one model..so: no, once the Orc Shock Trooper slot looses a model (HP) it does not inflict less damage. It's all a matter of interpretation.My real Contra with this is that the devs did not consider the necessity of explaining this is in some sort of tutorial. It's 2014 and the kids are used to playing stupid crap where everything is chewed for them...what a good 4x game does is leaving some room for imagination, only visualizing what is necessary to establish the mood. But it's a sad fact that , in order to sell these concepts to the masses - you have to *educate* them a little bit- Diplomacy. Just plain boring. What i'm really missing is an AI that displays total irrational reactions (a goblin druid declaring war on you just because you captured his favoured neutral tavern; an allied dwarven theocrat who is a racist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and breaks the alliance because you have chosen not to migrate the last town you captured to your heroes race...you got the idea.Where everything else in TBS is about numbers and logic - diplomacy should be about lying, cheating, egos and taste - just like real world politics :)- The random Map Generator needs serious tweaking. There is some sort of ""Mountain Spaming"" on large map types with ""underground"" and even player numbers...very annoying.Bottom Line:There is always a lot of work to be done. Some Unit-Stats tweaking here, some AI-Polishing there. Regarding the overall game design, AOW3 does it right. There have been lots of discussions about the typical TBS issues: Balancing the time exposure / gameflow ratio; how to avoid the stack of doom, complexity vs. laid back indulgence. The fundamentals are here, they play very well and boy - do they look good. With some more effort, this will be the best fantasy-themed TBS-Game since the days of MoM..."
76561198006617832,Recommended,226840,17378495,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Dayve,"I really like this game and I think it's underrated. It consists of two parts; strategic world map and turn-based battles. I'll briefly explain each one here. There's a campaign mode which is fun but my favourite part of the game is the random map which you can customize the hell out of. There's an incredible amount of options for you to customize your own skirmish game. You can have a very short one with a small map, with huge amounts of resources and starting with large armies, or you can have a large map with lots of civilizations, slow research times, few starting resources (and few resources on the map) and so forth. You can even customize the terrain if you want to take the time, so there are a lot of options to suit your fancy.You'll choose a race (human, orc, goblin, elf, etc.) and a class (warlord, theocrat, dradnought, sorcerer, etc) for your civilization. Each race has specific strengths and weaknesses and each class is very very different. A warlord civilization for example are focused on strong conventional armies, a dreadnought civilizationis focused on industry and powerful siege engines, a sorcerer civilization is magic based and so on. Your starting hero (which is like a leader of your overall civ and can be used as a general in your armies) will determine the class of your civilization, so choosing a warlord hero will make your civilization a warlord civ, but you can recruit other heroes of other classes as the game progresses.World map - this part of the game is very much like Civilization V and is wonderfully simple and easy to learn. You'll begin with a settler (or a city depending on what options you chose to start with) and your settler will set up your first city, you can choose where. Cities produce gold, production and mana resources and you can build city upgrades and recruit units from them. There are resource structures on the map and if they are inside your city's borders then they give bonuses to gold, production, mana or research. Gold is used to build upgrades in your cities, recruit units and has some functions in diplomacy (yes there's diplomacy with independent cities and other civs), production is very simple - if your city is producing 20 production and a barracks takes 100 production to build, you'll build it in 5 turns. Mana is used to cast spells and knowledge works like production except it's used to research new spells/technologies. Your cities also produce population and grow from small villages to huge metropolises. There's happiness and allignment too - if a city is happy they will throw a party in honour of you which nets you some gold, and alignment is good and evil (and neutral) and is affected by things you do on the map, such as attacking independent cities or letting enemies run when they don't want to fight you. The strategic map is also quite beautiful. Think of it as Civilization V with a fantasy, Lord of the Rings-type feel to it.The other part of the game is the battle map. You create your armies on the strategic map and when they meet enemies the game loads the battle map. The battle map is turn based and hex based with flanking penalties. You have a variety of units to command, each with very different skills (like necromancers that can raise the dead to fight for you and curse enemies) and your hero can cast spells that he/she has learned. It's all quite easy to learn but takes a bit of time to master.As I said I think this game is underrated and it's definitely worth buying if you like 4X type games."
76561198021468634,Recommended,226840,9717758,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Zakon,"An excellent tactical wargame. It plays like a combination of Might & Magic and Civilization, however it differs significantly from the both of them.First off: do not be fooled, Civilization fans. If you're looking for a fantasy equivalent of Civilization, this isn't going to perfectly scratch that itch. While it does have highly customizable kingdoms (with races and themes to pick from - steampunk elves and druidic dwarves are both possible, for example), the kingdoms themselves serve no purpose except to produce combat units. There is no need to improve tiles, and while civilization happiness is a factor, it's generally not an issue unless enemy empires start using magic to lower happiness within your cities. The biggest thing that hampers it from being 'fantasy Civ' however, is that there is no tech tree and there are no victory conditions other than to defeat your enemies, or attempt to form an Alliance between them.That said, if you were the sort of Civilization player who preferred scrapping with barbarian tribes and winning the game through domination of your enemies, this game may actually end up being a better alternative. It plays similarly to Civilization V, but it is entirely a wargame. It provides roaming bands of monsters to fight, and small dungeons to explore with your army and recover magical items to equip your heroes with. The independant cities (this game's version of City-States from Civ V) provide quests which can give magical item rewards, and can even reward you with joining your empire, giving you access to unique units such as fey and giants.The game turns into a Might & Magic-esque tactical RPG when in combat, providing a large grid with terrain to utilize for cover and flanking. Might & Magic players should be happy with what is provided here, though they should keep in mind that battlefields are typically much larger than the chessboard-esque M&M battlefields. Army sizes are also typically much smaller, with most engagements having no more than six units on either side. Only city battles can exceed this limit.I highly recommend this game to M&M fans, fans of tactical RPGs, and fans of Civilization who enjoy the Domination victory condition. However, Civ players who enjoy nonviolent victory conditions should look elsewhere."
76561198073789844,Recommended,226840,9726403,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,sloppyjoe4206666,good game but it needs more it feels like its missing stuff  they rushed it out i still think 2 is much better hope to see more updates soon
,Recommended,226840,9776390,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Frog Hat,This really seems like they took the best of AoW 1 & 2 and put it into #3. Same fun gameplay with better visuals of course and YES you can still fight battles with multiple armies.
76561198023587238,Recommended,226840,9895826,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Macabre Octopus,"I have 100 hours in this game. It doesn't sound like a lot, but it is. I preordered this game, downloaded it while in a hotel room on vacation, played it day one, and never looked back. I have been sucked in by Age of Wonders 3. I highly recommend this game to all strategy gamers. There's still so much more for me to try out in the game, it'll probably be another 100 hours before I've played every race and class once. 10/10 will buy all DLC"
76561198002844580,Recommended,226840,23529523,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,NeKoeNMa,"Undeniably one of the best Turn Based Strategy games and a true sequel to its estabilished franchise while at the same displaying a lot of maturity with its newly introduced mechanics.Age of Wonders 3 takes the best of all its predecessors and builds upon them instead of shoving new gimmicks in hopes of keeping things interesting. Its' reverence towards estabilished concepts is notable, instantly bringing out front what best characterizes the series: Epic battles between powerful personas in a high fantasy world. Those familiar with the series will delight in seeing the familiar towers in elvish cities and the armies of halfling pony riders charging across the fields.Its combat phase is greatly improved by increasing the units' presence in the battlefield with the added Guard stance and flanking abilities, giving the player much control on how his units will play their part on the battles. Even with the humongous number of abilities that each unit has all of them are finely interwoven with the estabilished systems of attack, defense and morale. The reduction of uncertainess that previous games had also opened venues to dozens of other tactics and created a wonderful balance between all units. No one strategy is unbeatable.What shortcomings this game had after launch have been fixed with balance updates and the expansions, all due to carefully listening and considering the feedback given by the community. Triumph Studios sets the example by truly creating and caring for its masterpiece in the fashion all other studios can only hope to be inspired by. They deserve all the recognition they can get."
,Recommended,226840,18090430,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Katerina Maria,"Addictive, Captivating, non-stop pure gold fantasy. AoW III, is definitely worth the price tag. Whether you're a campaign lover or prefer to play random scenarios, this game has something for every kind of strategy fan. Now with 'The Age of Modding' finally upon us the possibilities are endless.10/10 Would happily spend hundreds of more hours playing this game!"
76561197990075307,Recommended,226840,20923123,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Edward,"Get the advance world gen mod,make a ultra size world, Say goodbye to life"
,Recommended,226840,22594327,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,obve,a great game!a hybrid between HOMM and SIV 5 for theos who are looking a new age Master of magic this is the game you are looking forit have several cool mods that evolve the gameplay alot i have no idea if the developer still support it (and it totally should!)but me and my wife play alot of it together in hot seat and having a blasti highly recccomend it!
,Recommended,226840,35107073,Posted: 21 September,all,cubski,Extremely polished turn-based strategy game. Note that the game is more geared towards army management and combat than base/resource management but I can't complain.
76561197982917659,Recommended,226840,24685951,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Arces,"Feels truly faithful to old Age of Wonders games, and is not a bug ridden mess like some other turn based games tend to be. The AI could surely be smarter, and it would be nice if towards the end of a long game, there was some actual use for lower tier units. But, that's about it for the negative things I can say of this game. The gameplay itself is otherwise brilliant and the game truly shines when played with your friends."
,Recommended,226840,25514042,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Lemonocle,"First thing, I highly recommend you try one of the previous games to see if you like AOW's take on 4x games before you take the plunge. I've enjoyed this game very much. The tactical battles could be better. I find myself skipping through them sometimes even if i'm not playing multiplayer but they are more exciting than I've seen in any other game of this genre (except maybe legendary heroes). The overworld strategic elements are diverse and engaging."
76561198015158811,Recommended,226840,22294782,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,GKMoggleMog,"Best Warhammer Fantasy game that's not actually Warhammer ever.It really is a great game, and the DLC makes it so much greater with Wild (Chaos) Magic and Necromancy. The terraforming magic ability where a type of environment creeps out of your cities with each turn is one of my favorite in gaming, especially the terraforming WMD spells in the old AoW games.Excuse me while I go create a Tigran Necromancer named Nagash and take over the world with my undead legions and immortal undead heroes."
,Recommended,226840,10496066,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Whitetailfox,"Do not expect the deep empire management of civilization, this game's strong side is in its combat system, magic system and customization options. You can customize your own avatar and the choice of talents, class and race have significant impact to how your game will play out, allowing to pick a combination most suited to your playstyle. Or just experiment if that's your thing.As mentioned, the empire management aspects are lacking compared to the competition. Tech tree gets exhausted pretty quickly and it's pretty easy to win by overpowering the AI in early game. On the other hand this kind of setup allows for faster and more 'action' oriented multiplayer matches. However the AI is notoriously bad in terms of diplomacy and still has some bugs that make it easy to beat even on higher difficulties. Add to that an incomplete diplomatic system and the only real option to win the game outside of scripted scenarios is full on military conquest.The best part however is the combat system. Units are carefully balanced and the combat system allows to win through superior tactics against much more powerful armies... if you know what you're doing. Finding out the various tactics to take down particularly tough units is half the fun. Defending a city surrounded assaulted by a superior foe is suitably satisfying, as is taking out defenders through tactical use of the right units.Overal: Age of Wonders 3 is a Heroes of Might and Magic meets Civilization in a Tolkien-ish inspired setting. Don't get it for the empire management or you'll be disappointed. Get it for the combat and magic system and it's loads of fun."
76561198079500029,Recommended,226840,21067546,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Zane,"Most fun I've had in a TBS, probably because of its fantasy theme but nevertheless well executed."
76561198035653328,Recommended,226840,20263457,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,redricofirst,"This is not a Civilization V with magic around it, and before buying this game you should have this in mind.he city managing part id far too simple. You cannot modify the environment around it, all what is left is to choose which building or unit will be next, and if you will use a special resource. It is really a sad point, because everything is ready in the game to do this, so it is obviously a game design choice. Amateurs of city builder will not find this enough.Actually almost everything is focused around the combat. When enemy units meet, you can choose to resolve automatically or manually. If you choose manually, you then have a turn-based hexagon grid where you deploy your units, and where the deployment zones are functions of the relative locations o the units on the main map when the encounter started. This is not the big thing, but a nice idea. For the rest of the fight, it is dejà vu, so I will not go in details. But if you liked Heroes of Might & Magic, you get a lite version of the fighting encounter. In the long run it gets repetitive.You've got a campaign, which without being a paragon of originality is not bad at all.The graphics or the main map, are really nice, and the game runs without problems on Linux.It is hard to either recommend or not this game. I would have preferred a game more about management, but that said, it is not a bad game. If you like turn-based hex-grid battles in a fantasy world, you're a future customer."
,Recommended,226840,28723432,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kyutaru,"Age of Wonders 3 is not a game like Civilizations. They share things in common but the troop lineup is ripped straight from typical RTS games. AoW3 is a turn-based RTS complete with base building, buying stables to produce cavalry, buffing the units with upgrades and tech research (which takes time to build just as it does in an RTS) and spamming your favorite units across the map as early as possible.You'll explore tons of treasure sites, find optimal places to build a new base, and wrack up tons of experience and artifacts for your heroes. In that sense it's a competitive PVE game since optional autobattles and economy management can make the game about who has the stronger army as opposed to the smarter tactics. Units move extremely fast across the map unlike Civ and you can have your enemy's army invisible and at your doorstep without warning. Hope you left some defenders or you just lost your capital.Base rushing, expansion, tech research, build order, unit synergy, all important RTS elements and brought here for your amusement. Spy on the enemy with scouts to find out what he's building then build the perfect counter units that are essentially invincible against that type of enemy. Best part is that if you play for a VERY long time you will eventually get access to every race in the game by conquering neutral cities. So you can design your ideal endgame army and semi-reliably get it every game as long as you explored enough to find the right cities.If you played Heroes of Might and Magic then you know the drill.  Awesome game!"
76561197995191195,Recommended,226840,12561882,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,diarzola,"Super addictive and well done sequal to the series. They fixed much of what was clumsy and tedious in the previous titles and streamlined the turn decisions to make it flow much better, I like the way they did the leader customization. Choosing race/type (rouge, mech, druid)/ alignment, makes the starting hero much less cookie cutter. Well done"
76561198044836950,Recommended,226840,9702690,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,SooperDav,"<3 this game, strategy phase is like a Civ 5/Total war mash up, the battle phases remind me of Warhammer fantasy (which is awesome). Haven't played many hours yet but i'm sure I will. Also i'm gonna plug the video I made of it :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTIE86xomUY"
76561198025092693,Recommended,226840,22902113,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Reuben,"If you enjoy games like Civ or Heroes of Might & Magic but have a penchant for the more battle-oriented aspects of these games then look no further. Excellent DLC, active Steam Workshop, and oodles of replayability. This game is well worth the investment even if you're only starting to dip your toes into the myre of 4X."
,Recommended,226840,12747437,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,RandySamhein,Great Turn-base fantasy game!   Took me a little while to get the hang of it. . . But it is totally worth it!I can't stop playing!  Kind of reminds me of the orginal Master of Magic game with updated graphics.Pro's-Lots of Units-City Upgrades-Hero's-Cool SpellsCon's-Easy Battles-Limited bulding.
,Recommended,226840,10539709,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,С Г エ χ,"I'm going to start off this review with a couple of things:I've never played AoW 1 or 2And I'm going to compare it to HoMM3AoWIII is sorta a fantasy 4X game with very similiar gameplay to the heroes of might and magic series. You have a hero, town(s), and go around raising troops, casting spells, leveling up, exploring the map, and eventually conquering your enemy.The graphics are pretty nice, it's easy to tell what sort of terrain is what, units are stylistic, and overall the graphics suit the game well.  The music got boring real quick, normally with this kind of game you eventually turn off the music, but I had it off within a few days.A couple of big differences between this and HoMM are how units are handled. Gone are stacks of 5500 power liches, instead each 'stack' of units on the map can go up to 6 SEPERATE units. This means that a squad of swordsmen is treated as a single unit, and functions the same at 1 HP as it would full. I'm not sure if this good or bad, but that's just how it is.  While you might say battles would be smaller, they can actually be significantly bigger than HoMM, as you can have adjcent stacks on the map help you attack an enemy stack(s).Battles are also very different (yet) similiar compared to HoMM.  Like HoMM you can cast a spell a turn by your main hero, all your units move in a hex and have different ways to attack and special effects. However, in AoW it's more more tactical, there are flanking attacks that can potentially deny counter attacks and attacks of opportunity against the enemy if they try moving through an enemies' zone of control.Another big difference between HoMM and AoW is towns. In HoMM towns are usually rare and extremely important objectives for either side, in AoW, you pretty much are able to build towns almost anywhere.  This is an interesting mechanic, but ultimately I found it very boring.  It isn't very difficult to  figure out where to place towns, and as the game goes on I felt I was wasting a lot of time picking what buildings to build in each of my cities, it isn't like civilization either where picking what to build can be a very strategic thing with upsides and downsides (upkeep).Compared to HoMM, the different races feel overall are way too similiar. Aside from minor stat differences and sometimes damage type differences each race will only have a couple of units that actually stand out from others.The point fo the above is to try and place an emphasis on hero types. At the start of the map you will select/customize a hero.  You'll choice from a choice of 6 different jobs and select 3 extra magic types.  The job has the biggest effect on how you will play the game. Each one gives you access to the majority of the spells/special units that you will recruit.  This is a very interesting mechanic, however I found it to be somewhat boring in practice.For example, playing as an archdruid will give you access to Hunters, they're basically bowmen that can charm animals, are better at crossing difficult terrain, and they wear very decorative large masks adorned with feathers.While playing as a draconian, they fit in perfectly with the rest of the army. However, this is how they look for ALL the races.Not only that but, they're almost identical no matter what race you have. Why can't goblin hunters focus on traps? Human hunters can be mounted or have tracking dogs with them?  It's even worse when you select a warlord, as two of their special units are bersekers and warkin (basically ogryn from 40k). All bersekers are bald. Even high elves. And they look absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.If they couldn't differentiate the units in abilities due to balancing issues, at least they could make the units thematically look like they belong to the faction, something HoMM did very well.Another minor problem I have with the game is there isn't a quick access for your different heroes you might have hired, you have to bring up the overview panel then switch to your armies. This wouldn't be a problem, except for that you can't have the overview panel up at the same time as your city build orders, which is a problem, because over the course of the game you'll have both a large amount of cities and units.Additionally, the neutral units available for fighting and recruiting/prizes feel very small, it might just be because I played HoMMIII with WoG and that offered quite a good selection. Another thing HoMM had that AoW lacks are interesting items to loot for your hero or neutral unit hexes that let you hire them. While there are a couple of special town types like dragon they function a little differentlyI really want to like this game. Its combat is fun, and has some really great mechanics dragged down by citiy micomanagement, race diversity, and some lazy copy\pasting unit designsEdit:Since there's been two expansions for this game, they've been absolutely great. They did a pretty good job at giving each race more unique abilities, and added more neutral units and items. I don't like necromancers though, the mechanics they have seem so gamechanging compared to the other hero classes."
76561197999603256,Recommended,226840,31532199,Posted: 3 May,all,Princess Twilight Sparkle,"Bought this on a steam sale.Played for 5 hours, went to bed.Woke up, played 5 more hours, put a pizza in the oven.Played 5 more hours, burned the house down.Would trade 5$, and house for this game again if I could. 11/10"
76561198035967612,Recommended,226840,12796311,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,capoeira45,"I've been a fan of Age Wonders since the first time I played Age of Wonders: The Wizard throne in 5th grade. Since then, Age of Wonders have been the one game I have played continuously throughout middle school, high school, and college. In my opinion, Age of Wonders III is the best of the franchise.One of the greatest strength of Age of Wonders is its combat. In my opinion, Age of Wonders III is the best of the series in this regard. AowIII introduces new mechanics like flanking which make unit position incredibly important. A smaller army can quickly gain advantage of a stronger army just by utilizing flanking to their best ability.One of strengths of Aow is the wide variety of units. AoWIII continues this trend. Abilities include dominate, seduce, faerie fire, hurl fire bomb, web, assassinate, hurl boulder, phase (teleport), and much more. These abilities make combat a very engaging and enjoyable.AoWIII introduces a new class system. These classes include the dreadnought, archdruid, rogue, sorcerer, theocrat, and warlord. Each class as their own set of combat spells, empire upgrades, and units, giving all classes a unique playstyle. As of this review, Triumph is working on a necromancer class. More information on the classes can be found on athttp://ageofwonders.com/category/news/.Like previous games, AoWIII has a variety of races that the player can choose from. The original AowIII has elves, goblins, orcs, humans, dwarves, draconians. Halflings were added in the Golden Realms Expansion. Each race gets an irregular, an archer, an infantry, a cavalry, a pikeman, priest unit, and special final unit. Upon first glance, the races appear to be quite similar. However, there are subtle differences that can end up really impacting one strategy. As an example , consider the archer unit. Elf archers suffer no range penalty, allowing them to do full damage even at distance. Draconian archers laugh firebombs which damage all units in small area. Goblin archers shoot homing mosquitoes which can go through obstacle. Dwarf archers have crossbows which do better damage when they are at close range. Orcs have the worst archers with the worst range; however, they can cause units to bleed which does damage overtime. As one can see, there is a clear difference in the unit abilities.Along with their class and race, players also choose specializations. These specializations revolve around elemental magic. Player can choose between air, fire, water, earth, creation, and destruction. Each specialization has global and combat spells as well as enchantment and summons. In the original game, there are two non-magic specializations-explorer and expander. These specializations add another level of strategy. When one considers all the race, class, and specializations, there is an astounding number of combinations and strategies to use to destroy one enemies.In my opinion, AoWIII is the best in the series. It’s one of my favorite games. On a final note, the devs are really involved in the community. They really listen to players and incorporate suggestions in the gameplay. Triumph Studios is an amazing studio. They have put a lot of work into this game and continue to do so."
76561198026912553,Recommended,226840,15395168,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Handsome Bob,"I didn't like this at first, played it for a few hours and was upset that i wasted more money on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.  Decided to give it another go and found out that I loved this game, great buy for the midweek madness that I got it on."
76561198023986537,Recommended,226840,9700992,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,izos03,"If you want a nice casual strategy, buy this game. But the tactics of fighting is extremely simplified compared to AoW 1|2.Here are some examples:1. Earlier melee warrior could not attack flying creature. Now any swordsman kill a bird,probably he jumps well.2. Previously, to swim in the sea the ship was needed.Now each soldier has his ship in the pocket.3. In AoW 1|2 ghost was protected from physical attacks. Now just get less damage.Archer shot a ghost? Easily!And so on.As a result, we have another good strategy game, where you should not think. Just relax and have fun.Hamsters will be pleased!"
76561198136072271,Not Recommended,226840,15017395,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Teralitha,"I have mixed feelings on this game.   Ill start by saying that I own all the previous AOW games and have played them through many times and also multiplayer.1. A number of downgraded changes were made from aow 1-2 in the area of gameplay, seemingly in favor of better graphics.2. The sound tracks from the older versions were better, IMO.   Plus the lack of a customizable playlist that existed in all other AOW games bothered me.   I had asked a dev if they could implement the customized playlist like the older games have and they did say they would see if it could be done...3. The change from 8 units to 6 units per army...  I cant say I liked that.   It made the combat less diverse tactical. They ought to have increased to 10.  But this was probably done because of the more intense graphics and in battle animations/particle effects wouldnt allow for good framerates.  More units in a battle would probably make it unplayable except for the best PC's.3. Flying or floating units are no different than any other now.  Basically a unit with wings doesnt actually fly anymore.  I understand why they changed it, but they didnt have to.4. There is a very steep power curve between the different teirs in aow3.  Too steep.  Any lesser units are basically useless later.  In AOW1-2 even a tier 1 unit still had a chance to survive vs a tier 4.  Now? no way.  The power gap is too much, and you only get 6 units per army.  If you could have more it would be economical to bring more cheap units to a battle and only a few expensive ones.5. The heroes in aow3 are somewhat weaker.  Your armor and resists have a negligible effect.  And your heroes are heavily targeted.  They are most just for show and spellcasting but cant really fight very well.  In aow1-2, your heroes really were heroes.  In this game they are wall flowers...6.  Every time your units get attacked they turn to face the attacker, after the fact. This facing change that happens every time a unit is hit is really dumb.  Your units can be attacked from the rear several times because of it, and it really makes your heroes feel useless when it happens to them and enemies always seem to focus on your heroes too.7. Castle and tower walls are just graphics now.  They are pretty useless for slowing down the attackers and several times I felt that playing defence behind a wall was actually detrimental and did little to stop attacking forces.  In this regard I feel like a good defensive strategy is a moot point.  In aow 1 and 2, seiging a walled city or tower was pretty difficult, as it should be.  You had to build and bring siege weapons in order to get past walls.  There were not many unit types that could climb or fly over walls.  And you needed ranged attacks or your own flying units(or magic/spider webs/druid entangle and other - such diversity that was stripped from aow3...) to deal with flying units. AoW3 just has too may ways for units to circumvent or destroy the walls too quickly and easily. Its like the walls and gates arent even there.  Also in aow1-2 cities had a number of magicaI defenses you could unlock and build.  It really made sieging a city quite an ordeal.  I resorted to using the auto battle instead of torturing myself....8. Magic domains in aow 3 are also another moot point now.  Your leader should not be able to use any magic outside it like it was in aow 1-2.  I feel like this magic domain mechanic is anti AOW, which has always been about wizards and their towers and domains and their armies being powerless outside of them unless the leader or hero was physically present.If you never played an AOW game before, these flaws probably wont be noticable and you might like it.But if your like me, the differences and dumbed down mechanics from aow1-2 will make you not enjoy this game as much as the originals and possibly even regret buyng it.  Ive tried playing through the campaigns twice now, and the story is interesting, but the dumbed down gameplay turns me off and I get tired of it."
76561198117610318,Recommended,226840,23187648,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,I'm judging you!,I love how I just bought this game at full price then steam puts it on sale. Remember my story and never forget ALWAYS wait until its on sale.Buts its still a freaking great game.
,Not Recommended,226840,14186462,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,tieio,"I just don't understand all the great reviews for this game, I was incredibly bored and felt like I needed to be 12 to enjoy this game. Maybe I have been spoiled by grand strategy games and this is no where near such a thing."
,Not Recommended,226840,13690389,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cuthar,"If you are a fan of the classic AoW games, this one may disappoint you a bit, especially if you are only interested in the Campaign mode and story. The storyline finishes before even you warm up. You can't bring your best levelled-up units to next level, which is why I bought this game in the first place. That was what made AoW awesome. You used try to keep units alive and level them up so you can take them to the next level. A huge disappointment for me."
,Recommended,226840,29228748,Posted: 13 January,all,eldarkt,"This is really well-designed game from my point of view.Although it takes some time to understand game mechanics, this time definitely worth it, and I even can't say this ""understanding"" process is boring, thanks to in-game help tool (Tome of Wonders).I didn't notice any bugs, the game works nice and stable.There are some a bit annoying things like dozens-look-a-like-battles-in-a-row, but it's inevitable if you want to play more complex game than chess, and it also configurable, you can choose auto-combat for example.So, this game definetly worth it's price."
,Recommended,226840,10029343,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,sgtshaggy,"UPDATE: 23 Nov 2016Nominated for the ""Test of Time"" Steam Award!-------UPDATE: 17 Oct 2016After two expansions this has become one of my favorite games on my hard drive. There's a wide array of races and factions and combat possibility that keeps me coming back every day. The addition of PBEM (Play By EMail) was huge too, which was a part of the old games that I really enjoyed.Amazing game.--------Seriously love this game.  Age of Wonders III has the ""just one more turn"" addictiveness in spades, it's hard to put down once you get into a game.  There's a ton of content:  two long campaigns, many factions and spells, random maps, hundreds of units, all wrapped up in a pretty hex-based package.  Don't go in expecting the more intricate empire building of Civilization, though, Age of Wonders III is all about supporting your armies as they march across the map laying waste to your enemies.  The combat is rich, complex and varied and is the heart of Age of Wonders III.  Highly recommended.Oh, and the music is outstanding as well.  Buy it!"
,Recommended,226840,11077937,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Andor,"Loving the game so far, the first two missions probably could of been won easier had I known a few things, but as it stands now 17hours = 100% first two missions! and 17~ achivements unlocked.........This game will take awhile to finish..."
,Recommended,226840,9750521,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Kaarox,Full of YES.
,Recommended,226840,9760648,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Xellixor,"This is one of the best and most fun strategic game that I have played in a long time! If you are fan of strategy, tactical and difficult gaming with a smart AI this is a game for you. The maps are super well designed and look great!"
,Recommended,226840,21189984,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Kythos,"Jesus. I bought it only a few days ago and already have 45 hours of it played.It's a very entertaining and fun game. It has a lot of depth.In my opinion it's the best of its kind out the right now.There's some very similar games. Like.. the Might & Magic games. I think something like.. 'Warlock 3' was also a game of a similar genre. This definitely feels the best. I've played most of its peers, since the type of gameplay appeals to me a lot.If you like strategy games, definitely buy this.If you like games where you get to build a civilization, buy it.If you like card games, oddly enough, buy this.If you like chess, buy this.You don't have to be a genius to play this game, but if you're a genius you'll be able to play on the higher difficulties and have fun with those.There's lots to learn in this game, which is engaging and entertaining."
76561197971491416,Recommended,226840,10895080,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,phil2bb,"Fantastic Game, lots of replayability and tons of gameplay options"
,Recommended,226840,10973322,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Blueson,"I remember my days as a kid, I had just gotten a new copy of Heroes of Might and Magic III, even back then that game was old. But for me it was a new fresh experience that I'd never had before, it took me about a month to reliase that I could end the turn and didn't have to make a new game each time I'd finished my moves, but when I reliased this I suddently got really into the game, I spent almost 2 years playing that game non-stop... Ever since I've been looking for something similar, and Age of Wonders III is probably the best fantasy 4x game I've played in recent years, it succeeds in fullfilling my nostalgia with HOMM3 and I couldn't be more happy that I bought it. A strong recommend for anyone that is even slightly interested in 4x games with a focus on combat, hero customization and exploring."
76561197962792594,Recommended,226840,9763326,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,[Oms!]Beelzebub*,"Its good, but where the HELL are my Dark Elves ??????????? :-(  :-("
76561198030885282,Recommended,226840,9890169,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,muhrbrand,"AOW is everything Heroes of might and and magic VI should have been, but wasn't.It's not enough empire building to satisfy CIV veterans but the tactical phase is extremely deep, and the hero and troop progression is full of possibilities.I'm a little worried about the balance of the various sides and skills, but I'm hearing good stuff from the developers on the forums about tweaking various aspects of the game.The AI is as dumb as usual, but MP is great."
,Recommended,226840,17375165,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,McHadies,"A 4x with a heavy emphasis on combat. Feels almost like a Warcraft III meets Fire Emblem with a dash of empire-building. Your hero leads armies and can produce units at your cities or buy them from inns; the hero also levels up and gains abilities. You manage mana, gold, action points and research. You pick a race, a class, and three specializations. Light on diplomacy and intrigue, heavy on bloodshed and explosions.In my most recent round a volcano's worth of dragons ASKED to join my faction."
,Recommended,226840,17872693,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Honeydew,I like.
76561198021199135,Recommended,226840,18141109,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Warg42,"I'm glad I finally got this. It seems well put together, by Devs that care about their game.I find the tactical battle mechanics very fun and would love to see more games in the genere adopt this type of system.My only gripe so far would be no 'City building AI' as far as I can tell. I can see how in larger kingdoms, it would be grindy to personally manage all your cities. Would like to see some kinda system to setup Lords that have differing stats and AI settings."
,Recommended,226840,21331894,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Zephyrus,"Starts off with one city.Captures and vasslizes independent states.Big empire now.Discovers 3 other empires at same time.Declares war on a goblin theocrat named Nomlik.I surround Nomlik's captial, while he has one full stack stationed.Army gets wrecked by Nomlik.Go home and revise plan.Go back for round 2, seem more ready now.Nomlik still has that one stack.I attack and lose AGAIN.Back home re-revising plan, Nomlik shows up.Takes capital and kills leader, I LOSE.10/10 would die to Nomlik again"
,Recommended,226840,22086551,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,cabreva,"I strongly recommend this game.The variety of strategies and choices is outstanding. Every hero, race and unit feels very unique. Every expansion improved the base game really fine.Age of Wonders III feels really  different from other turn strategy when we look at battle mechanics. I can't say how good it feels in my hands. In a battle with 32+ units, one badly unit move can turn the tides.And after almost two campaign I still have not experienced a single major bug.However, after two year of paths and ballancing, it still has some flaws, for example:- Tier IV units making tier I units almosts useless in late game- Limited controls. There's too many repetitive mouse actions that can't mapped to a hotkey.- Some of campaign levels are way too long. Managing 10+ cities is not funny while hunting enemies heroes around other 10+ cities."
,Recommended,226840,9727981,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,emerssso,"Well, this game has damaged my productivity somewhat significantly this week.  Some interesting tweaks from the traditions set down by its predecessors, and I'm glad to say they pretty much only make it better.  Glad to see another installment after so many years, to what was pretty much my introduction to turn-based strategy."
,Recommended,226840,9753145,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Apoapsis,"I loved playing the originals and this sequel is fantastic.  All the things I loved from before and then some.  It still has that Master of Magic feel as well - large armies, fun tactical battles, interesting spells and options.  It definitely has sucked me in to the ""one more turn"" scenario more than once!This has been a good year for fantasty strategy games - between this and Warlock 2 coming out (as well as Fallen Enchantress from last year) my Fantasy 4X itch has been thoroughly scratched."
,Recommended,226840,9757971,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Dirtyboo,"It's like Civ V and Might & Magic got drunk and had a baby. AKA, where did the last 30 hours of my life go."
,Recommended,226840,9817593,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,warm_gamer,This game is freaking amazing. if you like 4X stratergy games and fantasy settings. this is for you. 9/10 near perfect! better than Civ 5 in my opinion.
76561198117765588,Recommended,226840,17748497,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,jjs82x,"I have 342 hours into the game as of this review, and have only played single player.  This is easily the most played game in my Steam library. (Skyrim comes in at 2nd, with about 275 hours as of this review.  And whatever is in 3rd place is so far back, it can't even see the dust from these two.)  I find this funny, since I almost passed on buying AoW3.This is a deep game, which took me about 60 hours just to feel like I was getting the feel of all the possibilities.The intro campaign got a bit tedious by about the 4th chapter, so I jumped into random maps.  Very enjoyable!  Just about anything you can think of is customizable, including your leader's race, specialty, and appearance; to map type, size and features (the map can be dangerous and rewarding... at the same time); to number of heros allowed and their max levels...  Oh yes, and the number, skill and specialties of your A.I. opponents are individually tweakable.  Basically, after you haved played a bit, each random map is a game you can fully and intelligently customize to optimize the challenge and maximize your own enjoyment.The strategy level is turn-based or semi-real time (selectable) and the combat is turn-based.  Decisions you make at the strategy/map level greatly influence numbers and capabilities of troops you field.  The tactical combat is deep.  With the right skills and knowledge, you can defeat far superior opponents (or vice versa: you can get your fanny kicked by an inferior opponent).  Your opponents are scalable in toughness, and total defeat is definitely an option.  Making the right decisions at both the strategic and tactical levels makes for very satisfying play.A lot of attention was given to the audio and visual experience.  The map and game pieces are beautiful.  Every troop has its own unque sounds and animations for different actions, including combat.  There is a bit of an RPG element --> Heros and leaders get stronger if you cultivate them, have many different capabilities, based on class, and really can make a big difference in battle outcomes.Due to the fact that I think the tutorial campaign could have been a little more ""teachy"" AND interesting, I lower my ranking a bit below perfect, and give this game a rating of 9 out of 10."
76561198007583969,Recommended,226840,21926104,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Lucius,"It's a really good 4X game, but nothing stellar. Unfortunately this game follows in the terrible footsteps of price gouging you with DLCs that should be in the original game. The default factions in the game are tiresome and repetative. I think the developers couldve done more to give you quality and depth without the DLC addons. I REALLY hate the DLC practice!Building and empire expansion is mediocre. The graphics and combat are the real strengths of this game. Is that worth it to you? I dont know. I was a huge fan of the originals and so the graphics is what hooked me, but even so I waited for a sale. I'm very happy to not buy this at full price especially after their crummy and greedy DLC releases.Anyway, pick it up on sale. The game is worth no more than $20-25.00 IMHO.However, I do recommend it for fans of the genre."
76561198043345285,Recommended,226840,22034271,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Swanny,"After putting over 250 hours into this game (unmodded):The main draw is the Random maps, if you sink some time into those and view the campaign as a ""challenge mode"" you will really enjoy this game.The city building and expansion aspects are complicated enough to be interesting while simple enough that the focus remains on the combat.I really wish the game let you do the ""pre-deployment"" kind of like the total war games. I occasionally disliked how my troops started in strange formations.But I highly recommend you buy this game if you enjoy turn based magical tactical combat."
76561198093802750,Recommended,226840,23911281,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,mikescorpian,"This is the best hex-style turn based strategy game I have played. The game offers very distinct empire classes to play, each with a very unique playstyle and unit set. You can also select a race which augments your class by giving your base units special traits and skills. Every class is surprisingly balanced with the exception of Dreadnought, which is significanty overpowered.What I love most about this game is its combat system which is very deep but at the same time completely transparent. All units possess unique traits and interactions which if leveraged perfectly, can turn a likely defeat into a flawless victory. Units can level up and earn promotions that give them not just plain stats, but additional skills and traits making them more suited to their combat role. The addition of a wide array of global combat spells also adds depth to the game.This game is a must buy if you enjoy games like Civ, or if you want a game similar to the HoMM series but with balanced gameplay and game depth."
76561198025391745,Recommended,226840,10929613,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Yarx of Boletaria,Why is it bright outside all of a sudden?
,Recommended,226840,18088603,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Holy Church of Esoteric Kekism,Very Likely Defeat
76561198221862712,Recommended,226840,18117803,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Chocopacotaco,Evil Penguins marching forth with an army of elves slowly belly sliding over the world and her armies10/10 would penguin the world again
76561197971117455,Recommended,226840,19839032,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,GevinDredd,"The most awesome aspect of this game is the joint tactical battles. If the game creators take one thing away from the game, it would be squad building and turn based strategy with multiple players. You could create a spinnoff game where players command small tactical insurgent forces for some missions and large seige forces for others, with a smattering of mid level combat around towns and villages. It would be incredible to play with multiple friends, explore and find new and amazing treasures and defeat incredible mythical beasts."
,Recommended,226840,22214092,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Weashell,Playing this game with friends is really good. Not sure if there are bugs at multiplayer featured its been long time since we played this. But totally worth buying.
76561197960752665,Recommended,226840,9719637,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Tig,"Literally Civ 5 meets Heroes of Might and Magic.  Conquest style city management (ripped directly from civ 5 but they still do that annoying ""let me rip control of the screen from you to show you this thing over here and make you mad cuz ♥♥♥♥ you""♥♥♥♥♥♥ meets hex style turn based fantasy combat with a pretty deep chess style strategy element all rendered in a beautiful somewhat high poly world.if you like turn based strategy and Risk style conquest with a little city management worked in with a fantasy themed look and feel, then you'll really enjoy AOW3"
76561198121199628,Recommended,226840,10163686,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,servala81,"All time classic turn based game. We need such games; no stress, just relax and enjoy strategy gaming."
76561198006262887,Recommended,226840,10846432,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Foxfire,Civilizations crossed with Heroes of Might and Magic.  Very fun.
,Recommended,226840,9770652,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Lostsaint6689,"Age of Wonders III has really managed to hit my itch for a great game. There are seemingly infinite customization combinations  for creating a random map. I have counted 36 race/class(6x6) combos and then there are the specializations, all of which can have a pretty big impact on how your character's empire will be played. Editing the physical appearance of your character is kind of limited in my opinion but that did not ruin anything for me, i had already spent a half an hour debating what I would play first. Adding to the changing of physical appearance items crafted and found while playing will show on your character (only in battle i think). The AI has proven to be a challenge for me, to keep it simple they don't seem to play fair or nice things have gone poorly for me several times. The fourth difficulty which I believe is called 'king' is too much for me currently.I do a lot of empire building, and i have played with the scenarios however i haven't played though either of the two stories yet. When building my empire in a random map I find myself ready to sit there for hours leading my character and other heroes on a quests to help and save cities and then conquer those who don't want peace. I have logged in around 40 hours so far, much of which was spent using local multiplayer. All of my friends around here play consoles but a few do enjoy games like this one so it was great being able to have them over and play this. Turns can get pretty long late game (using classic turn based system opposed to simultaneous) on the bigger maps but when all you have to do is past a wireless mouse back and forth its easy to do other things while waiting. Even so between turns waiting on the AI doesn't take nearly as long many other games similar to this style I've played.I'm actually bored of writing this now and really want to go play more Age of Wonders III before i start my day, so take care everyone and if you haven't checked out this game I seriously suggest you do. Really you guys/girls/lords/ladies...do it right the frack now! Go play as a goblin dreadnought and blow some things up you'll have loads of fun! and nothing beats fun..."
76561198014252499,Recommended,226840,19378952,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Vec,Its like playing a table top wargame except you only shell out 30$ instead of 300$.If its on sale then its so worth.Basically Civ 4 but it has good  turn based combat.Also dedicated to evil Dire penguins with life steal.And Halfling controlled robots that like to shoot fireworks at things. (dlc required)
76561198030901646,Recommended,226840,10686434,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nomads of Korsun,"Great game, good blend of overworld strategy and turn based battles.The magic and ""class"" abilities definitely help mix things up and give it a great amount of replayablity, as well as facilitating different types of tactics.The games strongest suite is that you can mix race units, class units, and magical abilities very interchangably, allowing for a very wide combination of different tactics and playstyles.I'd very highly reccomend this game, if you liked shadow magic this has a lot of what made that game great but with some of the annoying bits improved.Great game overall."
,Recommended,226840,9708630,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Kesh,bretty gud
76561198063328061,Recommended,226840,17461131,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Melee Sniper,I used to have productive weekends.
,Recommended,226840,18328614,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,KrankTank,"This is a triumph for the AoW series.It is not a re-hash of the old model whatsoever. The system of play has been totally overhauled and it is a very refreshing new approach to the series. I might go so far to say it is better than AoW 1. It combines elements familiar to Civilization players with great RPG-focused gameplay, there is a much greater focus on the kings/queens of empires in AoW 3 than before; where they were merely another hero with a special title.I strongly reccomend this title, it's been a blast to play."
76561198106165594,Recommended,226840,9729652,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Maximus,"I have been a fan of the Age of Wonders series since the very beginning. The series has been my favorite when it comes to strategy games. I was extremely excited when Triumph Studios announced the third installment of the series. I have watched the status of AOW III develop from the initial announcement up until release.So, here is my review based on 10 ours of in-game experience. I am extremely impressed with the AI. It is a much greater improvement over the original games. The AI is really taking me for run! I never had much challenge with the AI in the previous games. I like the detailed terrain and atmosphere of the maps/world. The tactical combats are sweet and prettier than the previous games. Also, the tactical AI is much smarter as well. In AOW II SM, I would lure enemies out of the gate in a siege and slaughter them... it doesn't work like that anymore. :D The AI is tough and smarter. The soundtrack is AWESOME! I wish I would have got the deluxe edition just for the soundtrack. I'll have to wait until they release it as DLC. I love how the knights look in AOW III. Their armor shines as they sit on their steeds with their lances; it brings a nice heroic personality. During the 10 hours of in-game experiences I have really enjoyed game. It is fun, exciting, and challenging. I rate it a 9/10 in my opinion.Here are some of the things I would suggest to improve AOW III. Angels... I really miss the angels from AOW II. Beautiful females, powerful, and celestial beings. They were my favorite unit, and I love how they could only be summoned. AOW III has angelic-like beings called the exalted. However, they just don't fit in the game as the female angels would. Another thing reflecting back upon the angels is that you can also get goblin angels, human angels, dwarf angels, etc... This is due to the new class system in AOW III. Angels, succubus, etc need to be unique, and preferably summoned instead of being standard recruitable creatures. I am hoping Triumph will bring back the angels from AOW II as summons. :) Another thing I would suggest is to bring back the old method of handling flying creatures. In AOW II you needed magic, another flying unit, ranged units, or for the flying unit to attack you in order to deal damage to a flying unit. Based on what I have seen all creatures whether flying or not can hit a flying unit. Lastly, I do prefer the 2d art for heroes and leaders as compared to the 3d stuff (lowest priority).In conclusion, Age of Wonders III is a solid game that will bring an exciting and challenging experience. I am very happy with my purchase and will continue to support Triumph Studio on further development of Age of Wonders III! 9/10!"
76561198020785249,Recommended,226840,34446599,Posted: 23 August,all,Ryjah,"Great fantasy TBS game.  Has the right mix of RPG elements, strategic and tactical play.  Interesting race, class and spec combinations provide for a lot of replayability.  Graphics are nice, music is epic.  Must own for fans of fantasy themed TBS games."
76561198038317460,Recommended,226840,22485858,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Kristian,"If you are looking for somthing like Homm3, you have come to the right place.Also i you liked civ5, but wanted a more in depth combat-system, this is the game for you."
76561197971688843,Recommended,226840,22538901,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,"Exatur, the not so coherent",Good Game
76561198061432845,Recommended,226840,10211467,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Daczster,This game is great its like Civ 5 with more action and its similar to Fire emblem radiant dawn's combat on a massive scale. Also this game has one of the best soundtracks i've ever heard.
76561198048164779,Recommended,226840,31739044,Posted: 13 May,all,GMBzilla,"I have played all the AOW games. I am glad to say that AOW III is a great addition to the series. The campaign story is interesting and the voice overs are well done. The graphics are dynamic, sharp and beautiful. I personally enjoy playing in easy mode. I like to explore and have an average challenge that I wont have to play 20 times to figure out how to beat it. The interface is very good though NOT excellent. IF there is any deficiencies with AOWIII it is ""Where do I click?"" For instance finding how to dismiss a unit. This is a small x button on the unit info page that is VERY easy to miss. Not a big deal.I truly liked fighting the battles. I found myself working out tactics and planning moves. It's NOT that deep but position and tactics help. Also, the spells you research can help you in battle so read the choices well.I predict that AOWIII will not dissapoint gamers who have enjoyed this series or games in the genre. I will say that AOWIII is a step above in its class.This is my opinion. Yours may differ.Happy Gaming."
76561198003308890,Recommended,226840,35236543,Posted: 26 September,all,raquelambersantiago,"I am happier with Age of Wonders II that i was with I, happy with 2 but even happier with 3.  They really expanded the roles of the characters, the graphics are much better, yes there are several bugs in game that have NEVER been resolved but i still highly recommend this one and Shadow Magic."
,Recommended,226840,9717127,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,maldoror,"Easily the best 4x fantasy game since the last in the series: Age of Wonders: Shadow Magic. However the real question is AOW III better than that game or not. It is hard to really say, with the current more limited number of races included and some changes that seem to speed the game up a bit, I would say it is not better as a whole than Shadow Magic but it is pretty damn close as it stands right now and on its own merits it is an amazingly deep and polished 4x fantasy game and the closest you will find to a true modern Master of Magic. If they do open up steam workshop support for this title and/or add more races/classes/units it will be a near perfect game."
76561198032600860,Recommended,226840,12145145,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Soloeus,"8.5/10.Good:Diversity of Races.Overworld/Underworld maps.Diversity of Air/Naval/Ground units.You can bring multiple armies into Strategic Combat.Graphics are clean and crisp.Bad:Lack of depth to Items/Skills/Army Types.Lack of depth to Naval/Ariel Combat.You seem to either win big or lose big with few close games.Final Judgement:  This game did everything right that Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes did wrong.However it did wrong everything that FE:LH did right.Overall, a good game with replayability and still in development life cycle."
,Recommended,226840,10688172,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ghoul,I created an AI with the hero Hurgus Von Burgus. Something happened and he was roughly 8x stronger than all the other KING ai's.The legend of Hurgus will forever resonate among my friends.8/10
76561197961473944,Recommended,226840,9966588,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,SOMEGUYS,"Fun game, lots of cool little things like treasures ruins etc. But for some reason I didnt really feel like I got inside the game. It kind felt like even with all the extras in it there wasnt a whole lot of depth. Also didnt feel like there was a need for different types of units. And it seemed to easy to just spam a ton of juggernauts and roll over the enemys (obviously only possible if you have a strong economy)"
76561198077768592,Recommended,226840,18417636,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Kowalski,Take my money! Please more dlcs!
76561198007263767,Recommended,226840,9969726,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,The Nolander,"This game isn't perfect, but I think it is a good followup on the old AoW games. I really like the class system and the classes do play very differently. Magical spheres are still around though they are more of a complement to the class spells and abilities now. Race has a lot less impact than class admittedly, but there are enough differences between the races that the choice matters.  That aside, the tactical combat is very good and has some interesting additions compared to the old games.The game is in need of some patching, and could definetly use some expansions/DLC with more of the old races (Tigrans naturally) being added. One of my main annoyances however is that the unit design is fairly lazy, at least for the class units. Most theocrat and warlord units for instance are bald for all races, they could have had some variation there. Skinny hairless elven angels do not scream exalted to me. =P"
,Recommended,226840,16868143,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Defiant Heretic,"Good turn based tactical strategy with RPG mechanics, kinda similar for a first look as HoMaM franchise but on the second one there is so varying diferences that AoW stands on it's own.+ Story ~ campaing is fluent and well written (yet I prefer random maps more)+ Graphic ~ optimized and beatiful at the same time+ Customize your main hero ~ you can make your very own hero, randomize pre-builded one or just choose from the list+ Classic fantasy races+ Spell system ~ global and combat alike+ Developers are still adding free content, patches and paid DLC's at the same time & community workshop- Basically a tech race ~ rush for better technology tier of units is almost always win and often mandatory- For multiplayer is not advised to play with strangers (not so many games without passwords anyway) because of rage quits, disconnects if something is not by their minds etc. Although groups looking for play, especially for longer and steady plays, are made on forum so it....balances a bit8/10""Always plays as evil dwarf dreadnought machines freak. Is something wrong with me?"
,Recommended,226840,12142192,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Kaludan,"This game is awesome. Heroes of Might and Magic meets Civ meets Disciples meets turn based combat. Units have multiple levels of veterancy. Heroes can level up, use spells of multiple school trees, use items they find in battle, and make items to use in battle. A no brainer for 50% off or more. That said, I haven't played Endless Legend yet which is also by an amazing production company and JUST came out of Alpha. Then again, it isn't 50% off right now with an expansion coming out tomorrow."
,Recommended,226840,15503847,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Scott Lufkin,"As someone who cut their teeth on Master of Magic on my first PC, I can definitely recommend Age of Wonders 3 to both old fans of the genre and folks getting into it for the first time.  The clean visual look and easy to follow unit art combines well with a deeply layered strategy game that has an amazing depth of content, particularly with both DLC packages included.The top layer of the game is all about strategy - building up your empire, expanding your cities reach, marshalling a vast army of armored elves, lucky halflings, or agile tigrans and assaulting dungeons and tombs for ancient treasure while balancing your diplomacy and maintaining an alignment that may influence your neighbors opinion of you (if you even care what they think - especially if your goal is to crush them like a bug).When you get into battle with an opposing force, the game really shines again with a powerful tactical layer - positioning your units to defend their flanks and take advantage of your enemies over-reaching become as important as fielding the proper units.  Pikes deployed against mounted cavalry works brilliantly, especially if you can get behind a spent and exhaused human Knight!  Then again, a well placed fireball can work wonders, as well.The races and classes are many and varied, and with one amazing spell or ability to research after another regardless of the combination you select at map setup you'll play for hundreds of hours before you start to see all the combinations.  From Warlords and their incredibly potent troops to Necromancers and Sorcerers with their poweful magic and mighty summons, including Dread Reapers and Eldrich Horrors, there is something here for all types of strategy gamers.The multi-player in simultaneous mode works wonders - especially if you are playing with friends on teams, it takes a long time to complete a game but it's just an amazing half a dozen hours to spend.In the end, I've probably spent as much time watching videos as I have playing it, and I am looking forward to many more years of both - there is a lot to learn, and a lot to dig into, but the basics are simple and elegant and the longeveity of the game is definitely something worth considering.  Highly recommended."
76561197970907426,Recommended,226840,18981130,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Skro,"I believe the finest fantasy TBS we have at the moment.Heavily focused on epic battles, exploration and leveling up your heroes. That's where its core is!Every class and race play differently with their pros and cons so gameplay and replayability are kept alive and fresh by the ""let me try this now!"" factor.City management is secondary, but not irrilevant: you'll find yourself specializing cities and terraforming here and there to suit them to your strategy and playstyle.It'll completely suck you in and if you've a friend to play with it's even better!MP goes on at a VERY slow pace, especially when it's more than 3 Leaders involved, but the pause between turns gives you time to do other things like reading a book, watching a video or a movie, checking the Tome of Wonders, planning next moves and so forth... so its apparently weak spot is instead another of its great points.AI is a bit weird at times but it reacts and listens to your request and proposals pretty well.So forge alliances, betray, bribe other factions and set them at war against your opponents. Level up your Heroes, send them afar to expand your domains and rule the land with the iron grip and brute force of the Orcs! Or dwell in the underground and patiently multiply your Goblins waiting to erupt to the surface and destroy the land of men!Cleanse the earth and bring peace in all the Empire as the Leader of High Elves or forge incredible machines that will shake the ground beneath their wheels and crush your enemies as a Dwarven Dreadnought!Seriously... never had had this fun in a long time!!Highly recommended!"
76561198019543617,Recommended,226840,13598215,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,GEM,Good game both single and multiplayer. Lacks the personal affection you get for Heroes of Might and Magic characters. Good looking game.
76561197985844662,Recommended,226840,15236984,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Βασιλεία Ῥωμαίω,"Good game, and heading to a sleeper greatness."
,Recommended,226840,23983394,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Lovely game. I enjoyed the tutorial immensely. This is a hybrid of Heroes of Might and Magic and Civilization, 2 games that I also enjoy. I prefer the textured map of Heroes of Might and Magic rather than the flat map system of Civilizations. Being able to see the rivers, mountains, streams and the underground make for a much more interesting game.My current feeling is that as 4X games go, Age of Wonders, Endless Legends and Civilizations are currently at the top 3 of my list. Heroes of Might and Magic, Sins of the Solar Empire, TW:Warhammer and Fallen Enchantress are somewhere below.PROS1. The Zoomed In Combat SystemI love this. Combat is based on an Action Point system and is slightly better compared to similar combat systems from 4X games like Endless Legends. You have elevation, terrain, range and spells and even strategic positioning. E.g. If you were to attack an enemy Hero with 2 armies on the left and right flank, the armies will appear on the right and left flank of the enemy as well.2. Feedback ButtonI love the consideration that the developers put in for their players. While I'm sure that the developers aren't able to attend to all feedback, it is a good idea for players to give their feedback. Also, if I ever need to report bugs, this makes it easy to do. Alternatively, F12 works as well.3. Textured Map vs Flat MapYou get to see details versus a plain flat map. Zooming out gives you a Strategic View.4. Lore and ThemeI love the Dreadnought.5. Wall ClimbingVery nice. I like the climbing of walls. It's something that's not in Civilizations or Heroes, not that it's very useful. I'm guessing Total War has had a small impact here?6. Scout CreaturesPrety useful. However, I hate having to summon them. I would prefer an auto-summon familiar.7. Spells instead of TechnologyNot bad. It's thematically more interesting.8. Multiple heroes in CombatLove it, although I am unsure if hero bonuses stack on troops.9. Clearing Underground TerrainI like this strategic element of using the builders to clear soft underground rocks to unlock hidden paths.10. Stacking 6 Units in 1 HexYou have no idea how useful this is compared to Civilization 5's 1 unit per hex.11. Cat and Mouse GamesWhy drag the game out in Cat and Mouse combat? Worse still, add disembarkment.12. Choosing the Main HeroWhy do I have to use Sundren when I have all the other heroes to choose from? Why am I forced to make every single city High Elf?CONS1. Unintuitive ClickingNo auto-pickup. You have to pick it up on your own with a left click and then place it in your inventory. Why can't you just auto-pick it up if you have inventory space?2. RegistrationPain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I understand that you need to use it to link with GOG and Steam though. Please use my Steam account instead.3. Equipping itemsWhy is the bow in your inventory and not held in your hand? Do you go into combat with your weapon stashed in your bag?4. Cliche RacesGoblins, Elves, Orcs, Humans, Dwarves? How much Tolkien do you want to repeat?5. No Parallel BuildsYou can only ever build 1 thing at anytime. Why can't you make an upgrade that builds 2 things at once? E.g. 2 infantry will pop up in a single turn.6. Spellcasting in CombatIf I'm right, only 1 spell can be used per round. Having 2 heroes that can cast spells is redundant. I may have to double-check on this.7. Tedious Strategic SpellsYou have to upgrade you mana nodes manually with a spell. It is useful but tedious.8. Generic Race-Class BuilderGoblin Druid, Orc Druid, Human Druid, Draconian Druid. It destroys the special quality of uniqueness when you have the same units and spells but with a different racial name.9. Relearning Research Skills in CampaginWHY? There is no need to the do it over and over again. This is a campaign. It makes no sense to forget the spells. Just do it like Heroes of Might and Magic and limit the level cap. E.g. You can only research up to level 3 spells at stage 1 of the campaign. Less clutter and confusion.10. Casting Strategic SpellsOMG... This is such a chore. You have to wait a minimum of 1 turn before you can cast a strategic spell and some of them are meant for builders. E.g. Create Air Node. WTF is this? Why do you need to cast? You copied the wrong things.11. Entering and Exiting UndergroundYou have to move onto the entrance, double left click to select the entrance and then press enter. It's so tedious.12. Building BridgesWTF? Only on 1 Hex water tiles? Why 1 tile? Why can't you just build a long straight bridge that connects to another island. This links to disembarkment.NEUTRAL1. Expanding your Territory with BuildersNot bad, but not perfect. Instead of using builders for roads and industrial upgrades, you build settlements that increase your city's domain. Compared to buying tiles with culture, it's much better. However, the builders need to be given instructions, otherwise they are pieces of junk. If you don't expand, it stands around doing nothing. Builders are really tedious to use as they are non-military but they still hog your unit selection. You can't automate them to build roads or clear trees."
76561198027158967,Recommended,226840,30453749,Posted: 11 March,all,wontonphooey,"Fantasy 4x is a genre woefully polluted with mediocre cash grabs, but Age of Wonders III manages to be something special. Personality and replayability are at an all time high here."
76561198035890996,Recommended,226840,34611664,Posted: 30 August,all,Legionstone,"I've never played the other Age of Wonders Games, but this got me hooked the first hour I started playing, to the point that I'm willing to play the older ones.To me, Age of Wonders III is basically Civilization but with better combat, RPG elements and a surprisingly unique fantasy setting.When I say better combat, I mean that you actually fight, you actually use tactics in a turn-based strategy battle, unlike in Civ where all you do is throw all of your guys into moshpits.Despite the plethora of information in the game, I personally think its relatively easy to pick and play, just pick your race, class and start conquering the world."
76561198041020327,Recommended,226840,10270247,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Jaduggar,"This game is addictive as hell. Whether youre a fan of the old series, as i am, or a newcomer who enjoys 4X games, Age of Wonders III will keep you persistently hungry for ""one more turn"". I have not played the campaign much (i never do in these games) but the skirmish/random map mode is exactly what i want out of games like this.Exploration is very rewarding in AOW3, as each randomly generated world feels rich and large. Whatever method, pattern, or logic it is that the world generator uses, it does its job; mountains, forests, and rivers all fit very naturally together, have plenty of variety with sensibly placed climates/regions, and just look wonderful. The resources are spaced and balanced really well, and there are tons of dungeons and rare encounters to discover and conquer. I always get absorbed in roaming the world, every time.Hero creation is fun. The classes are mostly what you are used to (warriors, wizards, priests, etc), but there are many combinations of race/class/specializations available whos impacts on the game are felt gradually over the course of your campaign, and every change can have a major impact on how you play, so it is easy to get excited about trying out each one. Personally, i spend almost as much time creating heroes and imagining up personalities for them as i do actually playing the game (LOL), and the fact that i can make them, not only for myself, but for the NPCs as well really gets me into the game alot more than i would be otherwise.There are plenty of spells, including hidden ones, plenty of items and equipment, including some you make yourself, and plenty of monsters, most of which you can learn to either capture or acquire for your own armies. Some units have unique abilities when certain classes and races combine to produce them, and each hero can be customized with RPG-style level-upgrades and equipment. There are also rare units which can only be discovered through exploration, or by conquering/befreinding key locations, so even play throughs with the same customized faction will vary and feel different.The tactical combat is better than i have seen in a 4X game in a long time. Many different unit roles exist, with a variety of strengths and positions which counter them, and each has advantages at different times. Combined with heroes and spells, there are many things to think about in battle, and many strategies to win with. The sheer number of unit abilities in this game is impressive in its own right, but once you begin to realize that every single one of them counters, and is countered by, something else, things move to a whole new level. The action-point and flanking systems ensure that you cannot simply hire a few beefy units and chop your way through hordes of enemies... there is a limit to how much one badass can do in a turn, and you WILL be outmaneuvered and killed by cheap little weaklings if you do not position your units correctly.If i had to complain about something in this game, i could only think of two things to mention. Firstly, the diplomacy mechanics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ To be fair, they usually are in 4X games; diplomacy rarely ever gets implimented well into games which are mostly designed around combat but, in this case, it feels especially worthless. Most NPCs will decide whether or not they are at war with you before you even open the diplomacy screen, and once it has been decided there is really nothing you can do to change things. There isnt much you can trade, and NPCs will typically never accept a trade anyway, so this much of the game may as well be removed.And Secondly, the difficulty of the game is spasmatic at best. One game, you may walk over everyone else as though they werent even there, and the next you may be clinging to life every turn; there seems to be no consistency even within the same difficulty levels of this game. I have had several matches where i have spent hours exploring the world only to find one of the enemy factions tucked away in a corner of the map repeatedly failing to extablish a second city for some reason or another, and i have also had matches where all of my cities were under constant siege by max level units before i had even located an enemy. It is wildly inconsistent and, if you do not limit the number of heroes a faction may have, AI factions will hire as many as they can afford to the exclusion of everything else.But, the game is amazing and has only been getting better with each patch. As far as i am concerned, there is no better 4X available right now, and it is worth the full price of 40 dollars. If you catch this thing on sale, you would be a fool to pass it up."
76561198089293633,Recommended,226840,15187222,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ThunderGr,"This game is staying true to the series while improving on them.There are other reviews that focus on the game aspect and are quite descriptive, so I will not linger on this too much.The game is big, gives you many different ways to develop your heroes and you can follow a diverse amount of tactics in the game.The graphics are great. The sound is great. The UI is great. Almost everything is at the point of your cursor or a click away.But, what is the greatest thing about this game is the developers and the support they give in the game and to their customers.They monitor the forums and address every problem in a speedy way.They listen to the feedback and try to fix whatever little does not work as it should.They release DLCs that *add to the game* while they release updates that *fix the game*.I am impresed by Triumph on this aspect and I think that they are a model of how a company should support their titles.It is certain that I will be following this company's releases and I will support their work in the future, as long as they keep this quality level. I wish there were more companies like that."
,Recommended,226840,31533573,Posted: 3 May,all,nuclearunicorn7,"The best way I would describe this game is a mix of the city building from Civilization, research and leader building similar to Master of Magic, and the map exploration of Heroes of Might and Magic. This may seem like a strange combo at first, but I feel that it works incredibly well and I think it's safe to say that this mixture causes me to immensely enjoy this series and what I have played of this specific title so far has yet to counteract this notion. This game has its own variations on these mechanics of course, but the overall structure of these parts is like the games mentioned.I should mention that these comparisons stop at the combat which is the biggest part that makes this game stand out from the others mentioned. The combat takes you into a seperate battle screen where the gameplay becomes turn based tactics. The biggest focus of the combat is in the balancing of movements and attacks. Each unit starts a turn with 3 attacks. That number decreases based on the amount of hexes moved with you always having one attack at the maximum range moved. When you use an attack ability, you will use up all your attacks to use it and you cannot move afterward which is why I use the term ""attacks"" as opposed to action points given that term usually implies a little bit more flexibility (despite that technically being the term used in game). There are things like abilities that take up multiple attacks to use and abilities that will only go off once no matter the number of attacks left, but that's still the main focus.This combat is sumplemented by sheer variety. The number of spells, units, unit modifiers, damage types, and abilities is so large that it adds a lot of complexity to this combat that's relatively simple at its base. That's not to mention the variety gained from the out of combat aspects, which has it's own variety of spells, buildings, things to interact with, and the ways certain races deal with the environment that there is seemingly large amounts of content to go through even with just the base game.While I do not have any of the expansions to give you a good idea of the full experience, based on my research they seem to take the HoMM route with expansions and just add more stuff as opposed to the huge mechanical changes brought in by the expansions in games like Civ V so I feel that I have a fairly decent idea of what the mechanics of the game are like based on my previous experience with the series and current time with this game."
76561197970548544,Recommended,226840,9690017,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,gandrus,"Great game, definitely recommend for tbs fans! Remek játék, a körökre osztott sratégiát kedvelőknek határozottan ajánlott!"
76561198075910466,Not Recommended,226840,14055300,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Lokmagrosh,"Buy it when its on sale if you decide to buy it at all.  Campaign mode has odd loosing conditions that the AI will take advantage of and makes the game more hard and frustrating than challenging. Playing keep away with your hero troops instead of useing them to lead battles. In single player mode its easy for all involved nations to hate you but its difficult if not impossible to repair reputation. For example if you come across a nation that declares war with you on sight, you loose reputation with all the other nations you know for starting a war when all you did is exist.  Ultimatly the game is is not very deep or engaging just long and frustrating."
76561198030377849,Not Recommended,226840,26461311,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Tomochi,"I really want to like this game, the AI is very competent and atmosphere is fantastic. But the campaign is designed to frustrate you rather than entertain. The first scenario is a brief  introduction of the basic game mechanism. On the second scenario, the AI just steamroller you, without further explanations, when you still barely have a clue what buildings are and what units do what.There are also very bad game design decisions. In battles there is no deployment phase, and the computer always manage to put your units in the worst possible starting position. Frequently, the AI charges and kill your heroes on the first turn, without giving a chance and if one of your heroes die, it is game over. So the best thing you can do is to hide them behind and hope the computer will not sneak from behind, making the whole purpose of the heroes useless."
76561197970684612,Not Recommended,226840,10083722,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Tomato,"The game shows alot of promise, and I was totally sold on it from the trailers. But truth be told, the actuall combat mechanics and AI leaves much to be desired. The different races all play the same, with mostly the same units to choose from, and it doesnt help that you can absorb any race into your empire and as such actaully play all races in one single game.The different classes have some different spells and units to choose from, but spells in general are a bit of a letdown. You generally use the same two spells over and over again since there is no point in using anything else. Same with units, some units are way OP and when the enemy only build these units there is no point in creating diverse armies for the fun of it. Units dont have many special abilities, and the lower tiers become obsolete quickly.One cool thing is that you can absorb the ""special"" NPC races such as dragons, giants and undead into your empire if you take one of their towns.On a strategic note, you need to learn how to use your units to their full extent, and pay atention to flanking since this plays a major role in combat. Unfortenetly units with lots of HP generally have high dmg aswell, so using week dps units are just not an option in the long run, bigger is always better in this game.Verdict: Has some good ideas, and the game looks good. But after playing one custom map against the computer, you have basiclly experienced all there is to it. So good fun for 3-5 hours, then you forget about it."
76561197964866568,Recommended,226840,9691179,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Crusader_bin,"Well, what can I say?♥♥♥♥♥♥ I lost whole, WHOLE damn night because of ""another turn syndrome"".There is no better fantasy strategy game out there. Heroes of Might and Magic (the new ones) would wish they were that good.This game not only did what the first Age of Wonders did right, it does everything better.Battles of epic proportions, upgradable heroes and minions, a great ammount of various races and units plus specialities, spells, freedom to create your own towns, deciding what to specialize at, using terrain tactically, flanking and joining several armies around the target to fight with 2 or 3 heroes at the same time...That's just from the top of my head. This game is a real time stealer...With those kinds of games I am usually hard to please, but this time I am shocked at how good this is.Unlike the first games it is not only good techically, but story-wise as well. Keeps you entertained for sure.As far as fantasy strategy games go? This is 10/10 right there."
76561197970944264,Not Recommended,226840,13181575,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Stuntpickle,This game represents another in a long list of travesties commited at the expense of venerable franchises.  Might as well have been made for consoles. It's that bad.
,Not Recommended,226840,14051514,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Manny Stillwagon,"In brief: A game with a fantastic concept that lacks the depth and balance to hold the player's attention.In not so brief:I was really excited about this game. I saw some gameplay and got it on the Steam Winter Sale after waiting forever for the price to drop. I was excited by the combination of strategic overworld combined with tactical combat and thought it would make for dynamic and immersive gameplay. To go with the Civilization comparison I had always wished the combat there was more detailed / more engaging and I thought this was the answer. Unfortunately I fails to live up to expectations.You choose class and race and those determine what ""special units"" you get and some specialized bonuses and abilities. Unfortunately, the special units are little more than reskins of the same basic types. You have infantry, calvary, and archers. And your specialized units are only ""special"" in a few details. Once you get to mid-game you've figured out the most efficient way to conduct your battles in the tactical map and so just rinse-and-repeat through the entire late-game. You end up hitting ""auto-combat"" more and more because it's no longer exctiting to spend 7 minutes to crush some bandits. And at that ponit you're no longer even playing the tactical portion. Every tactical map is effectively the same, and so each battle progresses the same way.There is no other choice than ""crush all your enemies in combat"". While in Civ you can win through economics, diplomacy, or culture, in AoW III it is ONLY through conquest. Well that's fine, right? Because you came to play a fantasy strategic/tactical combat game. That's what I thought. But this affects the AI a LOT. Peace treaties are a joke. The AI will propose them, and then break them only a few turns later. There's no real penalty for doing so and in the end they have no other choice. They HAVE to fight you at some point. So forming alliances in game doesn't really work. As a result, the AI is pumping out units at a high rate. Which just turns the game into an arms race. You don't have time to focus on the unique terraforming spells or anything that's not directly combat related. It's just a sprint to get to late-game units so you can stand up to the AI. Which means you probably get there before even exploring the entire map. So the late game is dominated by just cleaning up the rest of your opponents. Sure, now you have the flexibility to play with terraforming or something, but why bother? The game is almost over.One final thing is that some of the background game mechanics are broken. Empire Happiness is notably problematic. You gain happiness for a number of things but most importantly for conquering other cities. You lose happiness for such things as losing cities. Happiness determines how well your troops perform in combat. The result of this is that once you get an enemy on their heels it's lights out. It becomes a runaway effect where you just get better and better and they get worse and worse. Instead of long campaigns being tiring for your troops, it's almost invigorating. Additionally, your throne city is EVERYTHING. As in, if you lose that, you lose it all. Literally. Keeping your throne city is a victory requirement. So you can't turtle in a lesser city off to the side to make a brilliant comeback later. If you lose that it's game over. So the easiest way to defeat an opponent is to walk past all of their other cities, go right to their throne, and take it. The end.I could say more but this review is already overly long. I really, deeply wish I could recommend this game, but it's simply not worth it. Like I said a fantastic concept that falls flat when it comes to execution. If you want to play a turn-based strategy game, play Civ. If you want to play a turn based tactical game, play X-COM. If you want to play a fusion of the two, wait for something better to come along."
76561197976475578,Recommended,226840,30283432,Posted: 2 March,all,Metzger aus Leidenschaft,"What can I say about Age of Wonders 3?If you have loved the original Age of Wonders, but initially rejected AoW2, then AoW3 might not be something for you. But if you love AoW2:SM, then AoW3 with its DLC will be a thing you might love too.Best things first: The music.If you love the original AoW soundtrack, and even if the AoW2:SM ost is just ""nyah"", you will fall in love with AoW3 soundtrack. Michiel van den Bos did an excellent job on this. Be it the member berries out of the remake of ""Love & Death"", the thrilling beat from ""Looming Conflict"" or just the haunting music from ""Amassing Forces"" that even haunts you at your daydreams, if you loved the AoW soundtrack, then you don't wanna miss out the AoW3 soundtrack!There are things in this game however that changes gameplay a lot. Now you can stack 6 instead of 8 units on a field, your realm ""expands"" like in a civilization game, differently than the wizard's tower in AoW2, and most of your units appear as troups instead of single warriors. Additionally you have class based buildings and buildingy may cost mana too. You cannot cast enchantments on selected units anymore, but healing abilities and alike do work effectively without further instruction. Yes, you can heal your troops by simly make a healer join the army. Same goes with mechanics and machines etc. And, what I appreciated a lot, I can build relations towards independed cities.Basically this game offers changes which may at first pose as a turn-off the same way as AoW2 did. But after adapting it, you may find it enjoyable. AoW2:SM did great effort in improving the gameplay by further elaborating the changes in gameplay. The same thing I see in AoW3 Golden Realms and Eternal Lords, with in both improve the gameplay by further elaborating the changes in gameplay. I don't care much about the halflings, but boy, the introduction of the Necromancer was about right! In every game I was kindly weirded that there were human undeads, but never did I see an orc undeads or an elf undeads. Finally, undead aren't a race themselves but may consist of several races. Additionally you can manage your relationship with the races. I have viewed AoW as a race of races, instead AoW2 as a race of wizards. I think AoW3 is in proper balance of both.What I do miss now is weirdly a game mechanic half-way done in AoW2, namely the construction of shrines devoted to certain spirits that you can build your own relationship on. And I greatly miss the shadow realm, one of the best things implemented in AoW2:SM!"
76561198006555408,Recommended,226840,33406714,Posted: 9 July,all,NickNitro,"This is really a great game. Be warned though, I highly suggest anyone to watch an hour long tutorial video on youtube as you'll just try building stuff and not really understand much even if you played the other age of wonders game.You'll also be spending a full day at times on 1 level in the campaign so make sure you go to the bathroom first!+Great graphics+Great music+Replayability is there- While not really negative, learning curve is slow and can be challenging for some"
76561198035759484,Recommended,226840,31949037,Posted: 25 May,all,Ryusei,"Realy nice game for the evenings, it's like a combination of the old HOMAM and AoE. I can recommend it."
76561197972411061,Recommended,226840,11076696,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Samantha :],"So, I played the original Age of Wonders and Age of Wonders 2, as well Shadow Magic, which was a stand alone expansion for Age of Wonders 2, so I was naturally quite interested when I heard Age of Wonders 3 was coming out. Somehow I'd managed to miss that it was even in production until about a month before it was released. Nevertheless, after starting to read about the game, I was a bit wary as some of the changes did not seem positive. However, being a fan of the series as a whole, I had to at least give it a try.So... is Age of Wonders 3 a good game? Well, your answer to that would no doubt be influenced by whether you have played any of the previous games in the series. Having played them, I would say, yes this is a good game but, relative to its time, the game is perhaps not as good as the previous titles in the series.For those of you who don't know, Age of Wonder is a fantasy turn-based strategy, with large amounts of magic, heroes and different races. In Age of Wonders, your leader was a hero and he or she travelled about with your army, gaining levels, exploring ancient ruins and so on. For Age of Wonders 2, your hero became a wizard who spent all his or her time sitting in their tower casting spells. With Age of Wonders 3, the system has gone back to that of the original Age of Wonders (i.e. your leader being an active participant in the world) so in this sense it has been an improvement from 2.Also the graphics are quite good and has a certain fantastical feel about it, I don't know if it's the shades and the hues, but it does feel quite vivid and rich. Also when you zoom out in the world screen, the view changes to a stylised map, as drawn on parchment, think the map of Middle-Earth, which I think looks really good.One of the biggest issues I had with the game prior to getting it was the massive cut the number of races, now there are only six: Goblins, Orcs, Dwarfs, Humans, Draconians and High Elves. This basicaly means many of the races from AoW2 are gone: Dark Elves/Wood Elves (although there is an in-game reason why they no longer exist, basically they kissed and made up and reformed as the High Elves), Frostlings, Halflings, etc. And yes, I would say the lack of races is quite noticable. I've played just 2 levels in one of the campaigns and during that time I've captured and held cities belonging to every single race in the game except for the dwarves. Considering I've only just started the third level, it seems odd that I've nearly played as every single race already. So, yes, I suppose there is certainly much less variation than there was.One of the ways that is suposed to reduce the imact of this lack of variation is by having small settlements belonging to 'minor races' which you can capture and then train units from other races. For example, I captured a fey settlement and was thus able to train various fey units, and construct buildings to improve them, as well as unlock different units that could be trained. I was actually quite surprised how much depth there was in this. You seem to be able to train 5-6 different units, and a fair number of buildings. I was expecting 2-3 different units at most. Nevertheless, they're still less in depth than a city from one of the main six races, and of course you can't build them.Combat is pretty much the same as the previous Age of Wonders games, and the additions with the new 3D engine are nice, for example having units consist of multiple men, the numbers of which go down as the unit gets injured.The system regarding magic spheres is a bit different to the previous titles in the series. Essentially, each hero has three different specialisations and if you're creating your own hero you can pick three from a list. These consist of 6 different areas of magic (water, fire, air, earth, creation and destruction), expander and explorer. Because of this, you can select a minimum of one area of magic and a maximum of three. This influences what you can research and what can subsequently use. When you do create a hero, you get quite a lot of customisation options in terms of apperance. You also have a range of different classes you can select for your hero: dreadnaught, druid, sorcerer, etc. Each of these gives you at least one unique building (which may be upgradable) and unique unit, however apart from that there seems to be little differences between the different classes. Being one class or the other doesn't influence the specialisations you can select for example, and these specialisations seem to have a much greater influence over your character than what class they are.The music in Age of Wonders 3 isn't anything special in my opinion. It's alright, but it's not amazingly noticable and there haven't been any songs I've particularly sat up and particularly enjoyed, compared to Age of Wonders 1 where there were a few songs I particularly liked, such as the March of the Halflings.People have reported having FPS issues, and I get them myself, but for me personally it's mostly fine, just a bit slow but certainly playable. The developers are aware of this and are currently working on fixing it.Also, I have to comend the voice acting in Age of Wonders 3. I've only played one campaign but the voice acting for the main character from whose point of view the stoy is told is actually very good.I admit this review hasn't been the most well structured, but to conclude, I think Age of Wonders 3 is a good game, perhaps a very good game but not an excellent game, and not as good as the previous games in the series and it does have some flaws. It is certainly is screaming out for some kind of expansion/DLC just to add a bit more variation and depth. Even with the minor races you can find and recruit, six major races does seem a bit few but I certainly don't regret buying it."
76561197998613069,Recommended,226840,28654143,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Noir,"Good Game. When you need a game where you can build cities, troops and have heroes to fight in your armies: This game ticks all those boxes. Being able to customise your heroes skills and items really makes it feel personal. Played the second and Third. If they had a Forth I would totally buy it."
76561198035719438,Recommended,226840,26707454,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,WIN_A_BAGEL,"Age of Wonders III is a fantastic game of which I feel like I have dumped too much of my life into already but can't help but keep coming back to it. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys civilization but also loves to lose themselves in a fantasy universe. This game however can become challenging at times and you might even find yourself losing a mission in the campaign where you have no choice but to restart the mission since you backed yourself into a corner. Overall though, its a definite purchase I would make again."
,Recommended,226840,28742120,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Forsaken,"6 hrs in review...So far its going great i'm going going for a goblin warlord kinda feel on a extra large continent map. It has just the right amount of rpg and rts elements, you can auto battle anything to avoid the manual battling but you can almost always provide a more effective strategy in the manual battle reminisent of FFT and other tile based turn based rpgs.The other heros and squad management aswell as the ability to have other teams assist you in a manual battle similiar to having other generals in warband join your fight. Very good so far."
76561198229231924,Recommended,226840,26716976,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,teufel_barde,"Age of wonders 3 is another installment into the age of wonder series, a fantasy, 4X game with hex grid-turn based combat.Now, normally when i write these reviews, i'd go into depth about the plot or the world or both. But, considering that i spent a significant amount of time playing against AI and some friends in multiplayer, and avoided the single player aspect of it all together, i cannot give you a decent summery beyond saying that the common wealth, a joint group of races, have taken over a large section of the world, there is a court of elves who have not joined, and in the DLC, you can explore new lands with new races, and play as a cold blooded necromancer.Age of wonders functions like any other 4X game to an extent, you are placed on a randomly generated world (customised to your tastes, with a rather extensive range of options) as your chosen hero. Each hero is of a different race, class and has different abilities, each one drastically effecting how your nation will function. You can also make your own custom hero as well. I ended up making a necromancer dark elf called thul'duarn the shadebane, a master of destruction magic and expanding. Your race effects what kinds of units you can make, what type of areas your people like to settle in and what they can build inside cities, it also effects what things increase and decrease your moral. Each city has moral, depending on a number of factors, high moral is good and can lead to festivals, increased production and free money, low moral can lead to rioting and other bad things. Your class determines what kind of spells you can use, the powers your specific hero unit can use and what special units and buildings you can make. your chosen abilities will also determine your spells, unique units and so on.From there, you build up your city, but unlike other 4X games, there is a heavy insentive to go exploring with large armies, because, all around the world there are dungeons, minor factions and free loot to pick up. The dungeons, once cleared, grant bonuses to any city that has it in its borders, the minor factions can be brought into your empire by either doing a few easy quests for them, or just crushing their city with your forces. There are also random map wide events that occur, such as the penguin king and his army of penguins.Like most 4X games you do need to research new tech, you do this with knowledge and mana, though, you can also research new spells for your hero to use. If your hero is taking place in a battle, they can cast it at normal cost, if they are not, you can pay double the mana in order to use it. These spells range anywhere from a simple fireball, to a mass raise army spell, allowing you to summon literally limitless units until the battle is over.Then there is alignment, every character starts off as neutral unless they have taken a specific specialization. From there, you can go evil or good, depending on minor choices you make in game. However, there is no reason to be evil, as it drastically decreases the moral of your people if you go too far down that road, and other nations will outright hate you for it. But on the flip side, there is only a minor penalty for declaring war, so you can happily be the nicest warmonger you want without fear.The main ways to win the game are diplomatically (have everyone agree to become your sworn ally), or via war (kill all the things to win).  Naturally, i went for war every time, because otherwise there is no way to win against human opponents unless they surrender. There is no third or forth option, like a religious victory or a science victory.At the end of the day, Age of Wonders 3 is a 4X game for warmongers, there is literally no better way to win than to swarm your enemies with units, which can get extremely boring after a while, even if the combat is very good. The moral system is nice, but there is one issue, the necromancer class. You see, necromancer controlled cities that have been turned undead are not effected by moral what so ever, meaning they don't have bonuses or penalties to anything, they are just very good at pumping out more undead. Combine this with the fact the necromancer class has access to extremely powerful units in early, mid and late game, and the fact that they have some of the best spells in the game, really breaks it. There is nothing really to concern yourself with in terms of minor details like food and your alignment either, since you are a necromancer.I found the game very fun at first, but after a few matches i really grew tired of the process and found it far too easy, even on harder settings. Its not as deep as some 4X fans might be looking for and its too shallow for new people to be able to experience all the aspects of a 4X game. The only thing i can praise is the soundtrack, just, the pieces vary in quality, alot of them are solidly ok, some bland as paste, others really enjoyable. It makes for good background for a tabletop rpg, but thats it. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, but i wouldn't tell them to avoid it either, if i could give an ok rating, i would, but thats not possible sadly.I will tell a little story of how my necromancer won his first campaign, if only because it might help you understand how the game goes. So, off in the corner of the large map, my undead city rose from the earth and proceeded to declare the location chosen as ""fort bosturd"". Right outside my city was a hero, offering to be hired for a handful of coins, despite the fact he was a better necromancer than me. i split my armies up and roamed around the country, doing my necromancer thing, until i encountered a lovely group of faries, instead of running in terror, they greated me nicely and offered to become my allies if i killed a giant, two turns later, i had a giant corpse following me and a new ally. after a bit i turned them into part of my kingdom, and my first act as a new ruler was to convert their city into an undead one...without realizing they can't make the facilities that allow undead cities to grow. the city had a population of zero. i gifted it to my general, he seemed pleased.Jump forward about fifty turns and i had conquered about one third of the map, thanks to my amazing charisma, gleaming repulation as a merciful ruler and the massive undead horde that mindlessly agreed with me. i ran into another nation, ran by a goblin rogue called (insert ♥♥♥♥♥♥ goblin name here) the pretty. Naturally, she was smitten with me, a rotting corpse man, and we became diplomatic friends. I then ignored her and went to capture a city on my borders with my armies, which was a tougher nut to crack than i expected, losing a good number of troops. But i knew next turn i'd have it, until the goblin swooped in, stole the city from underneath me, then told me to ♥♥♥♥ off out of her lands within the next turn. my units all moved out, except for one, whom she destroyed and declared war on me. My armies were rather spread out, but i soon sorted that out, and just as i was about to murder her, she offered peace, and joined my empire, giving me a boost to peace and earning me the good alignment reward.I spread death and plague about for another fifty turns, everyone loving me as i turned them into walking corpses, when the penguin king event happened. in a few turns, i had lost two cities to penguins and was fighting off hordes of them. On that day i swore vengence against the penguin king and all his snowy followers, taking back my cities and cursing how far i had fallen behind in my conquests because of the delay. when i returned to the front, i met evil jesus. the guy who had won the true evil alignment reward, naturally, we did not get on very well, he was a theocrat, and his units could hit mine like trucks. but before he got the chance to, he surrendered to the other AI player. whom swore himself to me after i gifted him two really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cities. and that was how i won."
76561197991009575,Recommended,226840,16699019,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Marcus Butthurticus,"This game is just getting better and better. At first, I was a bit disappointed but for each expansion added they just added more and more content to the game. More campaigns, more scenarios, more races, new class. It start to feel more and more like Age of Wonders 1 again but with a class system and city building for more controlled expansion.For each patch, for each expansion it just becomes better! It should be a game in every X4 fans collection. To put it on something familiar, add a dose of Heroes 3, add a dose of Civilisation, add a does of roleplaying. You get Age of Wonders III.  A 9 out of 10 game right now for me. But I might be a bit biased, being a long term fan of 15 years with this series. But I recommend it to everyone who enjoy this kind of games."
,Recommended,226840,33252723,Posted: 4 July,all,kill me lol,It's like...Heroes of Might & Magic VandCivilization Vhad a baby...And it's frickin' awesome!
76561198091733856,Recommended,226840,26404663,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jbec1337,"A real treat for the Fantasy 4X genre.Rewarding skirmish matches, an exemplary campaign experience (and if you purchase the DLCs you'll have more campaigns to enjoy!), wonderful character creation, great mods, and a smooth as silk feel to it makes this a real hidden gem in the 4X category.If you're looking for a great game to pick up and sink some hours into, this is the time to buy folks! It's on sale!"
76561198024475280,Recommended,226840,33053471,Posted: 30 June,all,Hector of Troy,"The best turn based combat system I've seen so far.Combat flows naturally here. Even in crowded sieges, the mechanics keep it simple, organized, practical and fun. Classes and races genuinely differ from each other, and one set of troops and abilities may not be as effective against different foes.It is also worth mentioning the vast amount of information and tooltips displayed everywhere. Features are absolutely transparent. It is even possible to plan ahead according to the knowledge of the number of tiles an opponent may move in the next turn.The sheer amount of customization is amazing as well. After a few playthroughs, you will be able to play exactly how you want Age of Wonders 3 to be like.The campaign mechanics are also elegant and fascinating. Highly recommended.My only criticism is that I believe I would have enjoyed this sequel even more if the developers had chosen to make it a slow paced empire management game instead of a  fast war conquest one. In fact, there are already mechanics in place that I believe could make this transition possible. Only a few tweaks here and there, and perhaps some necessary new implementations, would probably suffice.Triumph Studio should seriously consider making a game like that. They definitely have the skills to come up with a great empire management strategy title."
76561198132354431,Recommended,226840,19647013,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,rody2750,Very nice game. Game play is similar to Civ but much better in my opinon.Whould recommend.
76561198005909853,Recommended,226840,28015940,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shadow_Monkey,"AoW 3 is a very satisfying mix of traditional 4x gameplay and a detailed turn-based combat system.  I have played many of the 4x games on steam over the years, but AoW is really holding my interest with its varied races, multiple playstyles, and beautiful graphics (for the genre)."
,Recommended,226840,29369640,Posted: 19 January,all,code_geese,The best combat in 4x games and a nice soundtrack.  Empire-building is a bit weak but it's not the focus and interactions between classes and races make up for it.
76561198027377791,Recommended,226840,9701916,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Ayegor,"Dis vereh fun gam.  Do lik.  Lik olde on. Vereh guud.I do like how different this game is from AoW2:SM, making heroes and leader practically the same power value (except heroes die permanently, unless if you have a resurrection spell) and units specific to your leader's class are a cool addition.  Graphics are good, even on pretty low.  The direction they took combat was interesting, too; they made it a lot like a tabletop wargame (reminds me of Warhammer (fantasy), except with hexes)."
,Recommended,226840,9707239,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Sesshaku,If you love turn-based strategy+rol+having a lot of choices. Age of Wonders 3 won't dissapoint you.A perfect revival of the 90's original.
,Recommended,226840,9747538,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Sapphire,Excellent game for those that like games like Civ V and Warcraft.  Highly recommend.
,Recommended,226840,9765338,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Wiwa,"I am totally hooked on Age of Wonders III. The combat is definitely the central aspect of this game, and they have done an awesome job making it engaging, and varied. There are tons of different units, each with different stats and abilities depending on which race they are, and the ""heroes"" can be equipped with weapons, shields, armours, and mounts that you find when exploring the map's dungeons.The fantasy theme of this game is done extremely well, and I would say this is one of the only strategy games of this kind I truly enjoy and would recommend to anyone."
76561198023473880,Recommended,226840,12286546,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,"[Pleb] Aeonosc, Zealous","Great game, a top fantasy streategy experience, if you love civilisation series, and heroes of might and magic, it's a must have. You can always purchase AOW2 and get a similarly rich experience."
,Recommended,226840,12300755,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Wonkyth,"Heroes of Might and Magic meets Master of Magic, this game really is fantastic. A fantastic addition to the Fantasy TBS tradition! :D"
76561198070936153,Recommended,226840,12313830,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Tyranno-Doodles Rex,"Quality game, very similar to the Civilization games. The coop mode is an added bonus."
,Recommended,226840,17898120,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ARabbit,"The game is worth a play, though i would suggest waiting for a sale. It has a decent replay value. I can't comment on how it is has progressed from previous titles."
76561198257053394,Recommended,226840,19343713,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,I Use My Male Intuition,"This is a great game. It has great graphics and awesome gameplay, especially the tactical battles. The game was well thought out and the campaign has a great storyline. It is an awesome game overall."
76561197976825925,Recommended,226840,20163411,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,highlander-paul,Brilliant game
76561198095911573,Recommended,226840,20350279,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Novalice,"Age of Wonders III is a very combat centered turn based strategy game with a fantasy setting where magic can turn the tide of battle just as much as steel.Many people try to compare this game to Civilization V, in respect to that I respond.Age of Wonders III does use a city based system in part to produce an army and procure territory to gain resources. However, in the defense of that mechanic there are options of using Summoned units, Inns, and rewards gained from battle or clearing quests to earn an army. Some of those features are clearly not in Civilization V.For me the better game series to compare to comes from the Real Time Strategy games known as Warcraft (Age of Wonders III) and Starcraft (as opposed to Civ V). If you ever played Warcraft III you might remember the times of having a Hero unit that could (and often did) become more powerful than most other units of your army, sometimes more powerful than a small handful of units on their own.Age of Wonders III uses a Hero system in a similar concept as Turn Based Strategy game. Your heroes level up, earn abilities. You can quest, battle, or even forge your own gear (non-campaign on the forging bits) for your heroes to use in combat. Heroes can die, and when they die they drop all the items they had on them. But you do not have to say goodbye to them forever because there are ways in game to revive them, powerful revival magic (instead of hero shrines from Warcraft 3).TLDR: Ultimately, if you play the game for a single player experience you will find enjoyment in the campaigns, and for a time in the solo scenarios, random maps, and various play styles. However, combat will quickly become tedious and repetative. Against the A.I. I recommend using Auto-Battle most the time, but the true glory of the Manual Battles is when you can fight against a Human Opponent using either Online, LAN, or Hotseat as a multi-player turn based game.Quick Notes:- I recommend Turn Based with a 3 minute turn timer for small groups.(turn timer incase people forget to hit end turn)- There is the option to use Simultaneous turns(but it can feel choppy, and it can lead to logisitic problems for battle prep on the strategic map)"
,Recommended,226840,20499828,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,blobBIT,"For strategy game maniacs such as myself I can recommend this at full price. However, if you are new to the gendre I would rather wait till discount or buy some other strategy game first. It should be noted though that I've only played multiplayer so my recommendation is solely based on that.If roughly compared to other 4x strategy games I've played I would say it's better than Endless Legend but worse than Civilization V, and quite par on par with Endless Space. This is of course my personal opinion, and coming from someone who rarely touches single player aspect of strategy games and plays almost solely against friends in multiplayer.The little experience I've had with AI is that it's somewhat repeative, stupid and predictable. For example if AI is defending a city it tends to charge trough the gates giving attacking player easy win. But this is very common for games (that's why I play almost solely against human opponents) and Age of Wonders still does better job with AI than for example Civilization V."
76561197999297518,Recommended,226840,21993361,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,entropyjones,I love every game in the AOW series. AOW III is everything that was done right in AOW 1 and AOW2 put together into one game.My only complaint about the game is that there is some kind of weird graphical corruption. It is hard to describe its mostly visible as a flicker in certain pieces of terrain like lava or the underground forests. This EXACT same issue was there in AOW2. It makes the game unstable. It is very annoying to see bugs carrying over into sequels. I've this bug on many different computers at this point so talk of graphics cards and drivers being at fault is ridiculous. The same damn bug happens on linux as well as the windows version!But everything else about the game is awesome and it is hands down the best fantasy TBS strategy game I've ever played.
76561198025926770,Recommended,226840,9700869,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Dominator Tator,I HIghly recomend this game! The gameplay is fun and tactical yet descriptions are so in depth and unit types are fairly even the only thing is it is hard to deside how to play! Do you want to be good or evil? Draconian or dwarf? do you allie or invade?sorcerer or Dreadnaught? with six classes and six races the fun is sure to last along with the experience. converting enemies charming animals changing your domain's terrain and invading dungeons for loot for your heros is also fun. casting spells is great and you dont have to ave wondering monsters if you dont want! thank god! I give this a 10/10
76561198007431946,Recommended,226840,9701160,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Acatha,"Great Single Player game.  Works real well, and the graphics are very nice.  Multiplayer is sadly the worst I have ever played in a 4x game.  When playing with other human players you have to watch the combats of every single person.  So from the start I get to know your army, leader name, see how your tatics are and what you have for units.  The Game ends up being a turtle-fest and huge time sink.  I hope they fix this.  This game has huge potential with a good multiplayer."
,Recommended,226840,10027064,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Mikami91,Summoned a mob of killer penguins.10/10.
76561197973274252,Recommended,226840,10048722,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Sydrian,"Having been a fan of the original two Age of Wonders titles, I picked this up. I held no real expectations, as most modern reboots of older franchises subscribe to conformed design and retain less than a desireable amount of their core originality. Oftentimes it actually alienates the core of the original fangroups. Angering at minimum a considerable amount of fans. Now... I could go on a long and verbose tangent comparing this to its predecessors, but I figure creating a category for that is better(Concept Preservation). I just hope my thoughts are enough to provide you some insight before you do or do not purchase this.Score Summary: I will start with this so you can circle back to it, and review my overall scores without distancing yourself from each scoring.Additionally, I have not tried the internet mutiplayer. I would recommend finding an opinion on that if you're looking to play competitively or with others over the internet. I typically play this hotseat style.Gameplay: 6 / 10Graphics: 8 / 10Functionality: 7 / 10Concept Presrvation: 6 / 10Overall Score: 6.75 / 10---------------------------Gameplay: 6/10Reasons for docked points.-No extended game scaling: Mechanically this could be corrected by added research point spell costs, or specialization research; Which I assume, could actually be patched in. This pretty much makes any large map a real brain drill to endure.-Limitations on customizations feel too constraining. In the end, you're playing with modules for heroes over depth and flavor. Same problem applies to craftable in game items. Raising the ceiling on  item customization and increasing customization options could radically improve this.-Really jarring moments in gameplay when moving units in combat and when trying to use commands with simultanous turns mode. Simultanous turns saves time, but often any ai or indepents will move before any player because the engine does not process multiple commands from multiple players in real time. It takes the first command entered.-Limited usefulness to mechanics of the game. Veterancy chief among them. For all the work of raising a unit naturally to high veterancy and the difficulty of preserving them in battle, the payoff doesn't even feel like it's there. It does influence things, but so marginally that there really isn't a great deal of value to even having it. The only payoffs that truly reward are those with abilities attached to them or evolutions(Don't ever expect to get those easily.) The tier system is good for informative purposes, but as a function of the game, it murders the potential fo the veterancy system. I would've recommended a alternative approach veterancy such as a higher level cap for lower tiers, because it makes sense that weaker units would develop more skills than stronger ones over time; and it would richly reward people for the effort of keeping them alive. Perhaps such a change could be patched in or added with some kind of DLC expansion.Gameplay ReviewWhy a six out of ten? Let's begin with the things I like about the game. Fundamentally, what sets this game franchise apart from others to me, is the ability to radically change the environment; This incarnation of the game doesn't just make it visual, it can have a serious impact on the strength of armies if the environment is hostile to them. Morale is a very real thing to this game, and strong positive and negative effects radically alter the behavior of the cities, armies, and heroes that you manage. Affecting or controlling everything from critical hits, to random city behaviors, desertions, and rebellions. (Positive causes surprise good presents(Sudden construction, resource bursts), negative usually means rebellious armies start spawning in the domain.)The diplomacy engine has been expanded upon slightly with npcs, with an added alignment system and other behavioral systems to ais. I found that the stronger I got, the less inclined to start a war other ai players would be. A combination of wealth, alignment, military threat, and probably a few other factors I haven't discovered largely control how neutral camps and ai players percieve and interact with you. Players can trade items, cities, forts, the right to enter borders. (If someone declares war on you, they ignore your borders presence when it comes to whether or not they can enter your area..)You can create a somewhat customizeable leader with some variances on appearance, skill setup; The lack of options and the hard cap of only 3 specializations hurt the long game. This game really feels like it thrives during a mid game situation. Early battles can be quite difficult if you don't know what you're doing, and I found myself frequently using auto combat, because of the risk it would be to try to run things myself. I'm certain that if I better knew what I was doing, life would be a little better. Late game can get a little empty, as oftentimes... When you hit end-game research, your research points feel kinda wasted,Units are divided into seperate tiers, from Tier I. to Tier IV. Despite the option of veterancy, Higher tiers almost ALWAYS win over lower tiers. If you play this game... Pay VERY close attention to your tier setups, and ability setups. You can recruit heroes whom, like your leader, can get stronger as the game progresses. Typically, a naked starting hero has a lot of trouble taking down Tier II-III units. But by the time you finish developing them into whatever you intend to make em do, presuming you did a fair to good job, your heroes will trash Tier IV units. And regardless of whether or not they are in battles, they passively pick up experience as the game progresses.Combat feels kinda sluggish and jarring, but that is probably because of my personal history and the expectations other franchises have imparted upon me. It was my experience that most minor battles are better spent autoing, and sometimes it's enjoyable to watch the replay of the battle. (Especially since you can accelerate the animation speeds. Which I find myself most comfortable at x2 speed.) There is a certain excitement factor to auto combating a closely matched engagement because of the huge gamble it represents, those also usually make the most interesting combat replays to check out.I think that covers all the major thoughts I had on gameplay, Let's move on.==================Graphics: 8 / 10Reasons for point docking.-Graphics errors that have occured.-Some visual bug based crashes.This section is largely subjective, but I think that the game delivers exactly what it tries to in graphics for the most part. I had some visual glitches here and there, most prominant of which, was a persistant rapid graphic flicker. Creating effects that weren't there, blacking out things that were supposed to be there. Usually these resolved with a game restart. It has only happened a handful of times, and could very easily be an isolated bug to my computer, I cannot be sure.==================Functionality: 7 / 10Reasons for point docking.-Visual Bug Crashes-Lategame/Veterancy Issues.-Simultanous Turn mode is less than satisfactory.I applaud the inclusing of the game manual as a button inside the game that opens an in-game manual to reference and its great detail.Simultanous turns is an awful idea when your engine will only take one global command execution at a time. All players should be able to act simultanously and not on a first come first serve basis. I presume the big hang up here is battles, but it should've been simple to think of creating a holding pattern for battles.The concept preservation score is a reflection of how I felt the dev team did on delivering us a true sequal; Scored based on keeping/improving concepts of the orginals. I will elaborate further in comments, if I can. I am at the limit sadly. I would be glad to answer questions via messages."
,Recommended,226840,10375641,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,xsubtownerx,"Age of Wonders III is one of those games that won't grab you instantly. But if you stick with it and learn the ropes, you'll find yourself playing for hours and telling yourself ""just one more turn"". The game isn't perfect, but it is one of the deepest 4x fantasy TBS game that I've played in recent years, with its strongest element being the combat system. Easily recommended to any TBS enthusiast out there.http://youtu.be/bXz_lfedAFU"
,Recommended,226840,10614129,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rudolf Gaming,"If you're a fan of the previous installments of the series; buy it. Immediately! You won't be disappointed. The only real downside, that I can think of, would be that it's lacking in races/armies, seeing as how its predecessors offered many more. We can only hope more will be added over time."
,Recommended,226840,10821566,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Freki,"Civ5 meets fantasy - a great welmade 4X game with quite rewarding and advanced combat, lovely visuals and music and a great feel to it all - plus the editor is great too..All Civ fans who don't mind a little magic and fantasy should check this game out!"
,Recommended,226840,9739630,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,furydevoid,"Awesome game, highly recommended. I'm a fan of the older AoW games, and they stayed true to the best parts of the series. One of the best 4x/strategy games to date."
76561197989825157,Recommended,226840,9740756,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,XENO,"Blast from the past. Everything you would hope for in a turn based strategy and more! I was very pleased that they retained what made the prior games in the series so great, and then added everything you'd expect in a next gen title. If you havent played a turn based strategy before, it may seem slow at the start, but just invest one hour in the game and youll be hooked. Guaranteed."
76561197997576832,Recommended,226840,9741643,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Erik,"This is game adds adventure and fantasy to gameplay that feels like Civilization V. The ability to create your own hero to lead your faction gives Age of Wonders III lots of replay value, especially with friends. The adventure and progression aspect combined with your personally created hero make two factions of the same race feel very different. The sum of this game is greater than it's parts and all of it works together to create a tactical and strategic challenged mixed with magic and adventure."
,Recommended,226840,9744002,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,kecin25,just a great game for people who get deep into story lines or like RPGs
,Recommended,226840,9745370,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,hooverdirt,This went better than I expected.(My mine gripe is that performance is sub par)
76561198105911295,Recommended,226840,9747843,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,LegendaryAliens,"Age of wonders III is an amazing game, overall age of wonders will keep you playing till your hands hurt.My only flaw on this game would be that currently for some odd reason i am unable to PLAY the game, due to it not even loading the game..."
,Recommended,226840,9766419,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,DoggeBorr ) _ _ __/°°¬,One of the best 4x game that i have played!
76561198031248381,Recommended,226840,9829503,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,EbonNexus,"10/10 would play again, and again, and again.This game has all the great features of MANY games all in one, but it never seems overbog you with menus, options, or genres. Absolutly outstanding game, love it, and have recommended it to several of my friends."
76561198059683517,Recommended,226840,9925149,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Big ZooGang,really interesting and thought provoking definetly a must buy.
,Recommended,226840,11152168,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,BanditoButcher,"Fantastic Game, Similar to Civ 5 with more combat focus and a more immersive world"
76561198036772966,Recommended,226840,11167023,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Pragmaticberry,"Great game, good if you like AoW Shadow Magic and AoW 2. A lot more difficult than the previous versions, lots of overpowered things have been reduced or gotten rid of. Although manual gameplay is a bit more difficult to grasp"
,Recommended,226840,12183567,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Skymea,">Starts adventure as a elf>Thinks game will go easy on me, allow me to learn the ropes.>Gets attacked 10 turns in>Looses game10/10would die again"
,Recommended,226840,12214839,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,DadouXIII,"Age of Wonders 3 is a turn-based fantasy 4X strategy game focused on combat rather than empire building. As such, it has more in common with Master of Magic and Heroes of Might and Magic III than with Civilizations 5.The base game provides two different and quite long campaigns featuring branching paths and different endings, a few pre-generated scenarios, and a random map generator with a lot of map and game options to customize your games to your liking.Multiplayer is present and alive with the possibility to play with people who own the GOG version, meaning the community is not divided.You start a game by customizing your leader by choosing his race and class between 6 different races and 6 different races, amounting to 36 different initial combinations, with each race and class having distinct spells and characteristic, providing them different optimal gameplay while still being homogeneous enough to keep things balanced. To further specialize your leader, you can also chose between 8 specialization options, such as Water adept, Fire adept, Explorer, etc.The game is extremely fun to play and the combat system is excellent in both concept and execution. Add to that different units and spells interacting together dynamics and you get really epic battles that never feel like they are dragging on.Golden Realms Expansion:The first expansion pack adds one new race, two new specializations, a new campaign, new scenarios, new units, new spells, new mechanics, and new map options, turning the game from great to amazing.Highly recommended!!!"
,Recommended,226840,12250673,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Bara,"When i heard this was like HoMM and Civ5 i was pretty much sold, i love these games but its more like HoMM in almost every sense, the base building is a side thought and combat is the focus. The loot whoring i did as a dwarf warlord got a bit intense the first time i played and i admit i love that aspect of this and HoMM.  The battles in this get ridiculos when you attack one group with 3-4 of your own, its  the greatest feeling when you see a band of rogues running around the outside of your town and you go complete overkill bringing in multiple buffed up heros with all ranked up units to pick on the nerds with there light crossbows. Also you can have one unit beat numerous foes with spells from your hero who is nowhere near. i have never had the same thing happen twice yet and i love it, does get a bit boring when your trying to preserve your champion 5+ units and take over the world cause some reason they like to die for no reason in auto resolve... all in all 8/10 cause it needs some more content to it."
76561198009623175,Recommended,226840,16036058,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,TheEn4cer,Lose hours and hours of your life in this 4X strategic masterpiece.
76561198072865807,Recommended,226840,16773828,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Gran Quesote,"The game is a lot of fun. It reminds me a lot to Heroes of Might and Magic 3 but with much more tactical depth and a huge selection of unit types and upgrades available. Each race feels unique and the gameplay adds an element of 4x that distinguishes it from Heroes. Definitely a good buy, especially if you catch it on sale."
76561198114971931,Recommended,226840,16857523,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,reaper82698,"So you like 4x games? You like the exploring, expanding, exterminating, and exploiting? You also like turn based games? Well then you have come to the right game. This game revolves around empire building and toppling enemy empires. Pretty straight forward, but each game can take up to four hours to complete. The bigger the map the longer. Me and my friend did a very large map(largest you can get) in a two vs two. We won, but it took us at least 20+ hours to finish it.You found a city, build an army explore some dungeon areas to get some gear for heroes. Build bigger armies and vanquish your opponents. I would recommend getting the DLC even though it is pricey. It makes it more fun to spice up the game with more classes and races to play as."
76561197981422860,Recommended,226840,16949407,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Serlo,Amazing game.   Very addictive.  Worth every dollar.
76561197968571659,Recommended,226840,17933038,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,tronchaser,"Just recently started playing this again. Loads of fun, and deep strategic/tactical considerations required!  Highly recommend."
76561198054277191,Recommended,226840,18169341,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Venater05,I only miss the fix isometric view :) (on all zoom lvl)
,Recommended,226840,19930013,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rabid Jawa,"I just feel like I need to give this game a positive review.The systems in place and the sheer amount of playstyle variety on offer are the best in the 4X market, coupled with the best combat system in any turn absed 4X game."
,Recommended,226840,19947665,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Oculus Grey,"If you like 4x type games this is a good one, if you like rpgs.... well if you like 4x its a good one. But seriously a good solid game. If you want a Civ type game is a fantasy setting this is one of the best ones out there. Lots of customization and depth. Very detailed character creation and great mechanics for customizing the play to your own style. Want to sneak up on your enemies? Smite them from afar? Smash them with giant machines? Blast them with terrible magics? Negotiate with them (coward... jk)?  you can do it here.First the basics-Graphics- immersive and well executed, solid if not flashy. 8/10Gameplay- Easy to play and learn. It has good depth when you want to dive down into the mechanics. 9/10Music/SF- Nothing jarring or off putting, but nothing epic either. Always switched to my own tunes fairly quickly. 5/10Content- Lots of good stuff on the map, fun to explore. Plenty of scenarios and several main campaigns, but no really engaging stories, I find I go to randoms maps as I come back to the game. as a RPG 4/10, as a 4X 9/10.Ok so now lets look at this as a 4x-eXplore- This is probably my favorite part of the game. Many and various encounters on the map lead to a lot of variety in gameplay. This has a feel like Heros of M&M 3, with maps full of goodies.eXpand- Not really part of the game. Oh sure you grow your city and maybe build a couple more, but there is no real benefit or mechanic for the massive empire in this game.eXploit- Magic always makes this fun. I really enjoy the way it lets you manipulate the environment of the game. Lots of ways to customize your character to fit your style.eXterminate- This is were this game shines. It has good combat mechanics that make each battle different, but also allows you to turn things over to the AI when you get too bogged down late game. Every race and every class bring their own unit types and style to combat, making it extremely variable and challenging.In the end I recommend this game. If you saw RPG and came for that turn around now, but otherwise a good game and worth the price."
76561198083565767,Recommended,226840,20263539,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Terraxx,Highly recommend this game. Its truly great.
76561197975869561,Recommended,226840,20837586,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,c00k13puss,"I have played many games of this genre and of all those games, this has to be one of my favorite all time.  The city planning is on par.  If you liked Civ, this is Civ +.  If you like endless legends, you might appreciate the added control in fights.  The reason I feel like the fighting system is amazing is because of the amount of control and strategy involved in the decisions you make.  The hero's are a great feature, although I will admit endless legend does have more customization for your hero with the gear and items you can make.  Great to play on your own or with friends... love this game."
,Recommended,226840,21271604,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Reap,Age of Wonders 3... the depth of this game is immense! I love the combat structure and its depth.both a blessing and a curse are how long it takes to play and learn this game.Its possibly the best TBS out there but that is debatable.Frustrating at times when you are 5 hours into a mission and realise then that you have already lost.Very satisfying to win the big combats too!
76561198094048646,Recommended,226840,21850381,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,s.lagousis,"Great game! Its complexity is just right, it is easy to start playing but it's difficult to master it. Rarely I play a game for so many hours."
,Recommended,226840,23265925,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,j-rocky,"The gameplay is awesome, the world system is quite simple but still entertaining. the battle not really that realistic, but it's felt like playing chess or trading card game which is force your brain to think like a strategist.The AI is also challenging, so it's really hard to get bored with this kind game.At least you can play it more than 10 hours."
76561197970416798,Recommended,226840,24210584,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Wilmatron,"Best game of its type. Loads of content, especially with the 2 DLC packs. Would certainly recommend for those that are interested in fantasy turn based strategy."
76561198202023932,Recommended,226840,25702214,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Not Lautrec Of Carim,One of the funnest empire builder games i've played thus farPros:Character customizationChoices that will shape your empirePowerful spells and magicksSummons and ability to forge alliances with npc'sDid i mention character customization?Cons:To get any of the REALLY fun classes unlocked you need to buy the dlc'sSome npc's wont aid you in warsVassal's aren't very helpfulquests get repetitive
,Recommended,226840,10999470,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Chloelol,"It's like civ 5 and Heroes of Might and Magic 3, but delete 90% of the civ 5 diplomacy (The Diplomacy in this game is ""I'll kill you now"" and ""I'll kill you in like 30 minutes k?"") and the empire management and replace it with murdering things, heroes, 100x better combat, awesome spells and DIRE PENGUINS D:RIP in peace the next 1000000 billion hours of my life :3"
,Recommended,226840,11001788,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Eternallity,Game is absolutely amazing.
76561198006540897,Recommended,226840,11088542,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Malkav,A quality 4x with great tactical combat. The city management is a little simplistic and easy but overall a really enjoyable game.
76561198090842161,Recommended,226840,12102753,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,stickup,This game makes a bad first impression but get past the first few hours and it gets better and better.  There are many layers of depth and after 100 hours you will still be learning things.  The campaign is tough and I havn't messed with more than about 3 missions but hop into a random world with a character and have fun.  Graphics are superb and combat is engaging.  Very very few complaints here.  Sometimes there is a lag from when you click on things for the action to take place but it could be due to the huge map size I played on.
76561197973727344,Recommended,226840,9693068,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,gids1,"nice atmosphere ,good story wonderfull graphics"
76561197972355516,Recommended,226840,9701219,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,CorpCommander,"It Rocks!I'm a big fan of the previous incarnations of this game, including the game they ""borrowed elements from"", ahem, before this series came out. It is a large scale game not unlike a fantasy version of Civilization. The games are also multi-player. Its a fantastic lan game. I used to play with a girlfriend - we would ally and take on the entire rest of the world. So far this version of the game plays very smoothly, has a lot of the original features that made the older games great and the tactical battles are fun.The game is complex. However that is the fun of it. Spending time learning the races and what special units they have. There is a lot to learn but it is definitely fun. Eventually you will find the combinations of abilities and fun units that combine to give you the juggernaut experience you are hoping for.I am so glad I saw this announced a few months ago and pre-ordered. It was great having it show up and I will probably put a dent in Titanfall playing this."
76561197970038765,Recommended,226840,9814041,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Pong,fun times.
,Recommended,226840,9815200,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,nisavid,"In this game, the main premise is a large scale rivalry between powerful mages with varying specializations and studies, who bend cities by their will toward good, evil, or whatever.Gameplay is reminiscent mostly of Heroes of Might and Magic, in a good way.  This is a 4X game with an especially strong emphasis on exploration and extermination, with heroes who go questing, conquering, leveling up, and looting for themselves and their empire.  Campaign actions are made on a high-level campaign map.  Battles play out on a lower-level map in a tactical turn-based manner, taking into account the terrain and structures of the tile on the campaign map.  Both maps use hexagonal tiles.  Armies (unit stacks) are composed of up to six units.  In a battle, all adjacent armies participate.  In some ways, this approach to combat feels like a middle ground between Civilization and Total War.Much of the design is reminiscent of Master of Magic.  Cities and units vary according to the class of the player and the race of the inhabitants.  There are six classes (arch druid, dreadnought, rogue, sorceror, theocrat, and warlord) and six races (high elf, human, orc, goblin, dwarf, and draconian).  The variety is good but not dizzying, with a solid array of standard unit types and a handful of specialists available in any city that has the requisite buildings.  Spellcasting plays a major role on the campaign map and in battles.  The spells span a wide spectrum from an assortment that is modest in cost and effect to the immensely powerful and expensive high tier.  Each school of magic (among air, earth, fire, water, creation, and destruction) is distinct, with its own characteristic effects and strategies.  The interplay between questing, empire building, warfare, and spellcasting is fun, engaging, and balanced.Compared to other 4X games, there is a diminished emphasis on exploitation.  Rather, the exploitation here is ultimately focused on serving the exploration and extermination.  You won't find options for cultural, diplomatic, or economic victories here, and the gameplay options are limited likewise.  This is not a game of peace.  [edit: Interestingly, Triumph has hinted that this is an area that they will expand in upcoming updates.]The overall fit and finish is very good, although not without room for improvement.  The UI is strongly reminiscent of Civilization V—a good choice of inspiration.  Some aspects live up to this standard better than others.  There is a Tome of Wonders (akin to Civilopedia), but it's a pain to navigate (no back button?!  among other problems), and some of its pages neglect important information.  Some stats show breakdowns on hover, as they should, but some breakdowns lack desirable detail, while others are simply omitted.  I'm curious to see if any of this improves with ongoing updates.Unlike Civilization and most other games in the 4X genre, a game of Age of Wonders III at normal pace is significantly shorter.  Expect a commitment of three to six afternoons instead of three to six full days.  Considering the pesky existence of real life, this is a very desirable trait.If you like 4X and high fantasy, and you'd like a game that combines the two in a form that's easy to swallow, then this is a great choice."
,Recommended,226840,9867012,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,"""the"" Chase","Just Another Review.Well so I bought this game because everyone who has played a kings bounty, disciples, heroes of might and magic?, civ and etc type of turn based strategy game will get the itch to play another if they discover they like it.Ive put around 20-30 hours into this game single player only (commonwealth) and I was pleasently suprised. After I wrapped around the controls which for whatever reason seemed backwards (left and right mouse buttons would be vise versa if i made things lol), I got pretty into the game and keep coming back. Although I could say a lot more, I am going to summarize things in bullet form as best i can and I will likely miss some things:Thinks I think that could be improved:-The research tree is still rather baffling if you want to plan ahead or unlock certain things unless you have played a lot. If it was set up like in civilization with some kind of flow chart it would be a lot easier to prioritize.-Combat animations are kinda crumby with the units (i'm just whining nothing that harms the game)-The hero cannot die clause. Warcraft 2 all over again. In the campaign you basically just keep your hero in the back away from harm and cast spells unless you want him focus'ed by the AI and to reload your save. Personally I think the hero's need more durability else they essentially just play a support role for most of the fight, cuz when they die everything stops. You aren't going to siege a city without those wonderful buffs they give all the units in the army pack nor will you go and explore ruins/want to fight if a hero isn't milking exp.-The exp system, it should essentially award everyone in the army attacking or not. Win a battle: gain most exp, lose a battle: hero gets some exp everyone else is dead lol, Run from a battle get no exp (since running could be abused). I essentially just have hero use a ranged ability to kill off whatever i can (safely) as to net more exp.-The AI during sieges, if you have 2 trebuchets you can basically funnel all the enemies through a narrow hole in the wall, ive beat a few ""very likely defeat"" situations abusing this with a very small army. If the enemy is more numerous then you past a certain extent they should just bum rush you out the gates and cut u off instead of hole up and get picked off.-Spellcasting seems kind of wonky, losing your hero for casting oil skin almost doesnt seem worth it... some spells should perhaps count as your cast and not your hero turn and the more powerful will take both...Things I dont understand yet....:-I still have no idea the use of teraforming whatsoever. Ive never encountered any situation where i would want to change my land type. Nor have unhappy people, nor really see any issues being good/evil.-Why we have so many damn resources, gold is fine for the most part, but mana crystals im always swimming in them early on and for the rest of the scenario.Things that shine:-Battles are really fun when in the open areas with a lot of obstacles around.-The unique units are quite diverse so far from what i see-Game isn't the prettiest but I really like the looks of everything-campaign is enjoyable and each level takes a fair bit of time to complete thoroughly and im just playing on easy mode to speed through~ u get a lot of playtime in this game!-The voice acting is quite good, I love the intro dialogues they are read very very well.If you want my comments on anything be sure to post and ask ill give my 2 cents.Hope this is useful lol"
,Recommended,226840,9871382,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Blessed Heretic,Become a Dreadnought and summon spy drones. Watch people rage quit when a stack of spy drones takes over their city and then burns it to the ground.
,Recommended,226840,9906001,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Nurgle,LET ME TELL YOU ABOUT GOBLINSGOBLINS WITH GUNS
76561198052394936,Recommended,226840,19834394,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Wanderlust,"In an age of expensive, flashy, superficial games, here is one that stands apart.I never played AoW2, but I played the original and it's one of my favorite classic games, right up there with Age of Empires: Age of Kings, and AoW3 is true to its roots.Newer games tend to shed the characteristics that made their predecessors great in favor of aspects that make good trailers and build extraordinary hype, only to fall flat on release when everybody finds out how shallow they are. Not this one. AoW3 delivers a deep experience that you can approach from a number of different ways: there's campaigns, scenarios, multiplayer--and random map, which is by far the best feature.For The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall, Bethesda randomly generated a world the size of Great Britain. Once. AoW3 does that every time you start a new random map. Yeah, they're not really comparable, but the point is made. No two random maps are the same. A single, 8-player, extra large random map will get you your money's worth out of AoW3, then you'll start a new one as a different race, different class, different school of magic, and you'll do it again and it'll be all-new. You'd better quit reading reviews and get started."
,Recommended,226840,20435591,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,milspec,"The current crown holder for best fantasy TBS, after 40 hours I have still only scratched the surface. Enjoyable in co-op multiplayer but maybe too easy versus the computer."
,Recommended,226840,21392355,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,kalem333,"With the DLC, this is one of my favorite games of all time. It offers a huge amount of replayability, great tactical combat, stunning visuals, a greeat soundtrack, and just really captures this high fantasy epic feel. I only play random maps, largely singleplayer, but the campaign is fully voice acted and well done addition."
76561198052763610,Recommended,226840,24093235,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Me,"-Fight with an army of Eldritch Horror-Ally human units in range of attack-Attacks anyway-Enemy dies, ally human units die10/10 would repeatedly kill enemy heroes using fireball anyway"
,Recommended,226840,25303060,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,uuneter,"This was my first Age of Wonders game. I've played tons of HoMM up to 3, but no Civ or any other 4x games. Overall I like the game and recommend it. It took me five restarts of the first campaign before I ""got"" it, so you might need to be patient.The story is indepth, if you enjoy that (admittedly I started skipping it a few missions in - just wanted to play). The graphics are great. So far I've made it through most of the Elven campaign. You get to play several different heroes. Each one has many different skills to choose. You'll find loot along the way that you equip on your heroes. There are several different quests for each map, some optional.There's lots of exploring, including underground. Lots of fighting as well. The battles are hex based, similar to tabletop games. One thing you'll learn is you'll want at least two armies when attacking. The battles are strategic - obstacles that cause line of sight penalties, flanking, hero spells, siege attacks if someone is in a city, support-group spells and abilites, etc.On the postive, I enjoy exploring the map and battling, although I auto battle a lot because it's quicker. The graphics are nice. I like the loot you pick up. As someone who's never played an AoW game before, I do find the AI challenging, even on Easy. If the AI has an advantage, it will attack your army. Any time you leave a city undefended, the AI will take it. And it seems very smart in the battles; it doesn't make dumb moves.For the negatives, I find the game repetitive. I build up my cities pretty much identical each map. So far all of the maps have just been ""Defeat the other players."" Manual battles can be lengthy which makes it tough if you have limited playing time. There is such an advantage to being in a city for a fight that you can trap the AI in a city as you buildup other armies to attack. I've run into this repeatedly - having to track down ""turtled"" enemy heroes in cities and build up large enough armies to win.There are some negatives for me, but I do still enjoy playing the game. I'm almost finished with the Elven campaign and hoping the other campaign offers more than just ""Defeat all enemies"" every map."
76561198030884597,Recommended,226840,9744847,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,sdfgh98,recommend. but it's needed more contents. i will look forward to getting DLC and patches
76561198017200374,Recommended,226840,9745873,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Donut-of-Death,"Pretty much exactly what any AoW player could have hoped for and then some, only issue i have with this game is the lack of the Undead race, (UD Archdruid would be balls) that being said, Triumph did a rock solid job on this, highly recommend!"
76561198006167892,Recommended,226840,9746728,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,[IRON]Rorgash,Fun combat and.. so far its quite hard even on normal difficulty..
76561198128755939,Recommended,226840,10919163,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[DC] Bezior,Great game!Its a good sequel to its predecessor from long ago. Good combat system and nice worked out classes.However races are limited cause of the class choices. You have to remake every race in every class and that hurts the game a bit in comparisson to other games in the series. Hoewever a must have for the fans of 4x gaming and the old skool fans of aow.
,Recommended,226840,11351793,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Graf,"Do you like Strategy? RPG? Then this is the perfect combination of the two genres.I had never played anything that combined those two so well before I played this. This game really gets you into both the roleplaying and strategy aspects through customizing your hero through trying to figure out what spells will help you beat down your opponents.I suck at reviews, just buy it already."
76561198045059165,Recommended,226840,12180896,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,CarlyPatterson,Great game with many of the features from the much loved AOW 2 and AOW Shadow Magic I enjoyed so much! This game is certainly worth picking up! My only draw back is some of the units seem badly mismatched for their races. (I mean Dwarven Succubus? Really... Gross....) Overall a great game staying true (aside from those weird mismatch units) to the other games!
76561198012821328,Recommended,226840,12227826,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,The Unfettered,"I never played the original, but I loved Age of Wonders II. So coming into this as a fan of AoW2, my expectations were high, and I honestly wasn't disappointed. I love this game for so many reasons, from leader creation and customization to the way your race tints the special units your class affords you. The game is visually beautiful and fairly well-paced, and the random map generator has always delivered a world I genuinely enjoyed exploring and conquering.AoW3 suits a number of play styles and victory conditions, all of which you can toggle on or off. The battles require thought and planning a little more than raw power. A number of weak units can take down a smaller number of more powerful units if you position everyone correctly and use just the right spells at the right times. I get a genuine sense of pride every time I successfully bring down a powerful enemy army.There are, of course, a few things that could stand to be improved. I'd like more customization options as far as hair is concerned, and there are some lighting issues and minor clipping problems on some of the unit models. However, all of these issues are superficial and very easy to overlook. I don't find they detract from my experience at all.Excellent game if you enjoy fantasy, strategy or 4X games, and an absolutely superb game if you enjoy all three!"
,Recommended,226840,17928529,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Pastaia,"The game has a nice story, gameplay even though it resembles other turn-based games like Might & Magic. But it's new so good job!"
,Recommended,226840,9761246,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Korhal,So far the only downside I have noticed is that the game is far too addictive. The moment you start playing it early evening and the next time you look a the clock it is well past midnight.Meaning it is a GREAT Game.
76561198055426049,Recommended,226840,18188219,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Afwes,The Tutorial isnt very good but once you figure everything out its really fun
,Recommended,226840,18243509,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,TBP,"It's a fun tactical strategy game with some rpg elements. There is a decent number of unique units and spells which make each class feel unique. There are many items to find, which—along with the randomized maps—increases the replayability by quite a bit. There are other games like this, but this one is well polished and well updated."
76561198192893105,Recommended,226840,18723869,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Super Mano,"I am a great fan of the whole series of Age of Wonder so when I discovered it for linux I didn't hesitate to buy it.The game is the worthy descendant of the dynasty and I found in it what I was expecting.Other people wrote better and more complete reviews so I will point out the only two things I didn't like:1. Only watchtowers can be razed. It's a pity because razing opponent structures was an important strategy element.2. The campaigns (at least the two I finished) are a bit short: their scenarios take a lot of time to complete but there are few of them. I would have preferred more and shorter (not easier!) scenarios.However these are just two details that I didn't like: overall the game is wonderful, so thumb up without hesitation!"
76561198009468084,Recommended,226840,18871385,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Luqe,"Oh yes!Age of Wonders remastered, with slight mechanics changes to make it more balanced (like hero progression and spells) then unbalanced back into different classes' matchmaking. Even if it doesn't seem like it at first glance but it has bigger depth then the predecessors, just wating to be slowly discovered constantly keeping it fresh and new.If you're into this kind of game this is the very apogee and you will play it for MANY years to come. Can't see how things can get better that this.Devs are really good and reactive, they treat matters like 4k resolutions and 5 different operating systems compatibilities, powerful modding tools have been added in only three months.Also strong community supportthis is what Steam sais on the Community Page : ""Most popular community and official content for the past week."""
76561198078188251,Recommended,226840,20294521,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Agosaxv2.0.4+,"This game is kinda like a combination between early Civ , Heroes of Might and Magic and Warcraft 1-3."
76561197989245486,Recommended,226840,21370111,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Umie,"this is by far my favourite 4x. i just cant engage with the other ones, yet i've no problem spending 4-5 hours in a 100 turn match in AoW3. i tried so many times to get into Civ 5 given its popularity, but i couldnt make it through one match...it's always so boring.i have over 300 hours in AoW3, and still not bored =) i love its exploration, combat, and RPG elements, and the atmosphere ."
76561197970143294,Recommended,226840,10546534,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,FarHelm,Great Civ/Rome fantasy mashup!
,Recommended,226840,11060216,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Mangotank,"Played this game till my eyes were bleeding. Solid, Thick, Tight.A fantastic mix between the ""heroes of might and magic"" games with equal parts ""civilization""!  Also has the addictive time killing feature of both games .As a fan of both HoMM and Civ, this was a ♥♥♥♥ing 10/10."
,Recommended,226840,11071143,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,The Alien,Civ 5 with magic and monsters and a bit more focus on the combat.  Unique combat features.  Seriously try it.
76561198035234736,Recommended,226840,11186853,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,PhantomReaper!,"Very good turn based game. Me and a friend has had a lot of fun playing co-op. If you like turn based strategy,  then I highly reccomend this game."
76561198016208350,Recommended,226840,9877086,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Ranman,Age Of Wonders III borrows heavily from games like Civilization and Heros of Might and Magic but I dont mind. Those two games are good by themselves and Age Of Wonders III is a completely different experience all together.I really enjoy the higher difficulty levels. Good gaming never came easy and the game developers didn't skimp out on the A.I.Normally I don't like campaigns in strategy games but I love it in aow3. I also really like the random map generator. I haven't encountered a single map yet that I haven't enjoyed.I complained that there isn't a map editor/creator but I just didn't know how to find it lol...Bottom line is. This is a damn good game.
76561198082400473,Recommended,226840,18917552,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,K0smo,"Finally, I can give this game a good review.  Be patient with the game, learn all you can about it and be prepared to restart the campaign multiple times.  Right off the bat, this game has a severe learning curve and if you think that you can win by attrition, think again!   You constantly have to be exploring and attacking.  Be on the offensive at all times and you'll do well.  It took me many iterations to figure out this concept.  All in all a very enjoyable game."
76561198015147679,Recommended,226840,19577291,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Strandly,"Not a bad game but I really, really wish it had a deeper technology tree."
,Recommended,226840,19738411,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Meltdown™,"If you like to play strategic games then this is a game for you. It is different from the earlier games, it really misses the aow feeling from the old games but it also makes it a kind of refreshing. I'm still missing the old wizards and there ways and secretly hope they will return. This games keeps me playing the campains and other multriplayers so for that alone i would reccomend it, if you are new to aow I also would reccomend it. if you are and old player from the older versions you are in for a big change, don't get your hopes up to high and look trough the new design."
76561198079525706,Recommended,226840,20246183,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TACnumb,"This is an incredibly fun game! its one of those games you get bored of after logging about 40 hours, then you start craving it about a month later and binge on it until 5:00 AM when you have work at 8:00 AM. You dont care about work, school, love, friends. all you care about is dominating the opposing players. its incredibly fun"
,Recommended,226840,20248311,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,FassQi,Heroes of Might and Magic IV + Sid Meier's Civilization V9/10(oops.(Hero Warriors IV + Barbarian V...
,Recommended,226840,20341962,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Mollord,Wanted High Fantasy roleplaying with your Civilization? Done.Lots of fun and customizable leaders and units with somewhat diverse playstyles. Randomly generated maps provide a huge amount of realms to explore and conquer. Random events and quests from cities around the map keep things engaging and make you feel a much more engaged relationship with AI than in other games.ALSO IGGY THE THUG IS THE BEST HERO THUG LYFE
76561197971745805,Recommended,226840,24361849,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,RoflMan,"Very good game with alot of content. Especially the random maps are good (with lots of sliders to tune it to your liking incase you would want that), but the campaigns are also decent and there are loose scenario maps. Keep in mind though that while this is tagged as a 4x game, the combat part (turn based) is dominant and leveling up your hero and units is very important too. In short combat and exploration are really important.I highly recommend buying the game with the 2 expansions Golden Realm and Eternal Lords. Not only are new classes, races and specialisations added, some addional gameplay features are added and new ways to win.+ lots of possible combinations by picking your race and your class and spell specialisations. E.g. a sorcerer that summons whole armies, or a necro that has undead armies, or a dreadnought that has many machines.+ be dark (plunder villages and kill of whole races), gray or good (e.g. helping villages with quests so they will join your empire or as vassals), based on actions and not race. Do whatever you like. Also several decisions in the storyline that you can make.+ rich maps filled neutral ctities, hideouts, dungeons, recources, neutral places that give bonuses to nearby cities, tavern to hire units, etc. etc.  Lots of places to level up and gain loot. Also secundary quests.+ The random map generator is one of the best I have ever seen.+ lots of units and quite a bit of buildings and upgrades for villages/cities.+ the bigger your empire with a race and the longer you have it, the more race bonuses you will get (you pick between upgrades).+ all units can rank up which give them interesting abilities and add lots of tactics. With your leader and heroes you can pick between quite a bit upgrades/abilities per level up.+ lots of items, spells and abilities.+ less RNG than similar games.+ good backlore.+ moddable and there are mods for it.-/+ can be difficult to turtle or forward base defending tactics, though with some classes and races its more viable.- a map can get tough when you have a bad start (e.g. you lose some starting units or are to slow with leveling them).- still some annoying RNG, but luckily not so much.- minor point: while campaings are decent, I feel that the story could have been more epic. Can't really put my finger on it though, since the backlore (especially with AoW 1 and 2) is pretty expansive.My score: 9. Pro's to the developers for having patched this game many times."
76561198013971559,Recommended,226840,24968785,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Scramjet,"Light hearted, entertaining and straightforward stragegy and exploration game. Takes off where the classic HoMMIII left off."
76561197972784131,Recommended,226840,9706926,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,relmich,"Loving the game so far.  Seems to have kept the ""feel"" of the previous iterations.  Haven't had any real problems other than some slight slow downs in larger battles."
,Recommended,226840,10055255,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Arch Huntress Croft,"Review as of the Eighth of May, 2014.After about 60-70 hours in total with recorded time and offline time in this four X game, I have to commend it.As with every 4X game, this one has a distinct love of two of them, eXploit and eXterminate. Let's start with that.The command, unlike some other games, namely Fallen Enchantress, which is the main comparrison I'll be making, is rather dull. It takes about 25-70 turns, depending on what's in its domain, to complete the city entirely, and each city has to make that trek and the only real thing that changes it is the Raze, Plunder and Migrate options for each city, which is a nice touch, since each race has its own benefits.  Compared to Fallen Enchantress, though, the cities feel... Dull. It's the same path each time, and once you get all your class specific units, the entire war units tree is useless. One main problem I have with it, and this is a personal quipe, but oh well, is that the cities just suddenly... get taken over. Anything above a city I'm practically yelling at the screen with the general rage when a group of SCOUT units, which literally are so easy to kill that a tier four takes 1 damage to them, takes over your throne city/any other metropolis. That was a major turn off for me.Now, onto the war section. The combat is probably the most fun I've had in a 4X. It's really slick, it carries weight, and the seiges are fun. The general feel of the units are amazing, with specific combinations practically winning seiges and battles. The units all have unique rolls on the battlefield, some are tanks that don't deal much damage, or a ""Give them the plague!"" units that makes whatever they attack weaker. And one of my favorite, and at the same time least favorite, mechanics is that each battlefield consists of six hexes that each unit on takes part in. But then comes the little problem of top teir units being stacked and being literally impossible in a city to dislodge. And the units that aren't inside the gates on the map spawning on the battlefield suddenly inside it. That irritated me that you couldn't just send an army to fight one another. But, despite the units unique to each faction, I kept feeling the same feeling of ""These are rather generic units"" at the end of the game, since every end game unit tends to be what you'd expect. They should flesh it out a lot more and add either entire unit customization or just athestic customization. Oh. And heroes are practically useless unless you totally defend them with everything, since they're so low health and defence.The explore and expand elements are generally how it feels in other games, use the explore to get loot and make more of the same generic city over the map. And don't even get me started on how useless the neautral city AI are. They're there for one purpose: Be conquered!All in all, though, I'd say it's an amazing game with its problems that can be fixed with just a smidge of effort, or if a modder is willing, they could always fix it.Overall opinion: For me, personally, I like more diplomancy and less masses of war units everywhere. 8/10. I recommend it, I got my money's worth out of it."
76561198023304900,Recommended,226840,10152723,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,sunstriker1,"I give this game a 8 out of 10.The game reminds you strongly of Heroes of Might and Magic.  Your character travels the map, explores locations, and takes controll of resource points.  Combat isn't as developed as HoMM.  Your troops are deployed randomly and your find yourself really missing being able to line up your troops as you see fit.  Also lacks the variety of HoMM's tactical combat options for your units.The game also strongly reminds you of Elemental Fallen enchantress.  You can send out units to colonize and expand your realm.  Building different buildings expands the zone of controll for each city.  It falls a little short of the Elemental comparison with the lack of RPG elements and the variety of items to equip your character with.The storyline for the two campaigns is decent, the single female voice actress does a great job, but you find yourself wishing for a few animated cutscenes to spice things up.  Each mission is more or less the same.  Build up your troops and take out your enemies.  It can get a little stale after about 20 hours though."
76561197994100208,Recommended,226840,10955036,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sifer2,"There have been a lot of new entries in the Fantasy 4X Strategy genre in recent years. For a long time though it seems like the genre has peaked with classics like Master of Magic, and Heroes of Might an Magic 3. The latter being a personal favorite of mine. Now after a long wait we are getting games that are really good again like Fallen Enchantress, and Warlock. Age of Wonders 3 however is probably my new favorite out of all of them.You can tell when playing it that the designer has probably played all of the games I mentioned above, and more. The game takes many good ideas of those titles incorporating in with some good ideas of it's own. The result feels really solid. Almost like a greatest hits album of the genre. It's important to know though that the title is focused more on the competitive element. This isn't an empire builder like Civ where you can sit in a corner, and focus on culture or something. It's built as a war game. Those that go into understanding that, and craving it will have a better time."
,Recommended,226840,11078006,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Conroy van Vonvolkvan,Like HoMM6 but without all of the questionable design choices.Also has Notch in it.And sexy Orc women.  Thigh highs.  You know what I mean.
,Recommended,226840,11165805,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,PeXeL,This game is an example how a fantasy TBS should be done. Never have I played this kind of a game that I'd get attached to as much as AoW series. Thank you to Triumph for keeping the AoW alive!
76561197995287744,Recommended,226840,11861469,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Fivedesix,"A fantastic outgrowth of the very strong Age of Wonders series of games. If you like Civilization, but would rather be throwing lightning bolts instead of tac nukes, this is the game for you. The strategic elements are designed to offer a lot of player license in success or failure, and there are multiple avenues of growth and focus to fit a player's play-style.The Class system is very fun, allowing players to command an Empire with a very different flavor depending on his or her class.The first expansion was just announced, which ushers in the Halflings to the game, and I'm looking forward to more content that may introduce more and more of the missing (and classic) races from previous games. Well done, Triumph!"
76561198029080914,Recommended,226840,18334448,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Easy Pete,Knocked my shell off.
76561198126967662,Recommended,226840,19199404,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,menard.eric1,"This is my favorite game right now.It has the best of expected stratagy game features, and extends the standard by including features that were missing in other empire building games.You can not only choose your leaders, but you can customize there face, hair, clothes.You can also pick the scene background for there leader screen.  You can also decide on the pose. very sweet.I like the feelling of entering the buildings on the map.I really like being able to move the pieces during tacticle battles.The unit banners have the health meter, so I pick on the weakest guy.Naval battles actually take place on the water, and ""Embarked"" units are standing on boats while they fight.The research takes place from a spell book, which is cool.The mini map is more custamizable than I was used to.The landscape textures are beautiful.Zooming out on the strategic map and having the map become a ""cloth"" map with drafted geographic features, makes this seem even more emersive.It is very similar to the map in the end pages of ""The Hobbit"".Speaking of fantasy, the realm and genre one has come to expect from fantasy rpgs is well represented.From undead, to will-o-whisps. Mermaids and Krakens; Kobolds, and Dragons.  Treasure, gold, mana, and Hero pick ups.I had gotten fairly good at my usual stratagy war game, so I am humbled at how involved the added calculations and stats,the RPG world encompasses.Good bad, Creation, destruction; the 4 elements; Arch Druids compared to dreadnaughts, or necromancers.So much fun! So much to ""get into""The single most excelent awsome feature is the Modding Support.Import your blender models! Download the Rigged models from the developer!Extend the Resources that are already in the game!Customize the story line.Linked maps in a custom campaign.Program quests! Build underground worlds!The creation Engine alone is worth every pennie I spent, (My goblin leader is Pennie the Pincher)"
,Recommended,226840,19816465,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Skyy,It's good if you like big fantasy worlds and lots of thinking.
76561198038839076,Recommended,226840,22534453,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,TobyTwoTokes,"This is a game that makes me look up and look at the clock and realise that 7 hours of my life has just passed by and it is suddenly light outside and oh god I need to sleep before I have to go to work and oh alright then, just one more turn and then I will defintiely go to bed...Stylistically it is a cartoony version of games such as Heroes of Might and Magic where you control a Hero and their own faction of fantasy scamps out to do valiant battle against other assorted fantasy tropes and critters. But under the cheery colourful exterior there is a very good game that, although with limitations, scratches almost all of my fantasy strategy empire building rpg itches. The RPG style Hero levelling and item system is well executed. The empire building is decent. The battles can be pretty fun and sometimes even quite challenging. The diplomacy is about as good as any other 4X game I've played and not as awful as some of them although I have yet to try to win diplomatically and so I am not sure if that is even an option. I have not played AoW 1 or 2 so I have no idea if they are better or worse than this installment but as I said, I think this one is addictive good fun.Now I feel that there is room for improvement. The late game is a bit of a boring grind; as your cities expand they all turn out a bit samey. The AI is not terrible and I have been beaten by it a few times but I wish they would actually do a bit of empire building on its own: they never build roads or forts for example. Perhaps it is better against human players but as I have no friends I have yet to experience that aspect of the game.All in all, if you like your 4X's but feel that CIV V doesn't feature enough ogres, imps or kobold minions then you should defintiely give this title a go. Also the two first expansions are good additions that in my opinion adds a lot of essential content to the vanilla game so maybe wait for a sale to get the bundle. Just a tip."
,Recommended,226840,23242925,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Angry Tom,"Age of Wonders, a classic, something I played devoutly when I was a kid. The third installation in the series however, as expected, is far more difficult. Ramped up to be challenging and to compel thought, to really take the turn based 'strategy' to its word. This is a game where you don't really have your hand held, and you've got to consider what units may be your best option during certain parts of the campaigns. The story's also tasty enough to eat with a dash of olive oil and pepper."
76561197963586755,Recommended,226840,23992817,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jimmy,Civ 5 with Fantasy theme. It's really fun and I highly recommend it.
76561197994516005,Recommended,226840,9712449,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,FuriousTalon,"Rich,varied, and every bit as entertaining as the previous AoW titles. The new leader class system adds very interesting strategic options and adds surpising depth, despite having fewer playable races compared to previous entries in the series. Suffice to say that if you don't enjoy turn-based strategy games, then you won't enjoy this game. Well worth the purchase in my honest opinion"
76561197986734298,Recommended,226840,9741006,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,owlbeak,"Great game that doesn't change the core elements that made AoW, and AoW: Wizard's Throne & Shadow Magic such good games. Updated graphics are great and the game is a blast to play."
,Recommended,226840,9765219,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Bosphorian,Fantastic game. Combining the empire building of Civ 5 with the tactical ground combat of XCOM makes for a fun time game time fun happy yes.
,Recommended,226840,9802345,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Mastersergeant SticksNTricks,"I haven't played a lot of RTS games in a while, nor Age of Wonders. But I'm glad that I indulged in this game and now I feel motivated to try the previous Age of Wonders games. Mostly cause AoW3 put me on a Nostalgia Trip to heaven that I just want to take again and again and again."
76561198028471794,Recommended,226840,9836975,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Dragathorn,"Overall good game. But the AI seems to just cheat to win. You can easiely take on armies three times your size if you outplay/out manouver them so to counter this there seem to be AI armies running around made up of 6 Heroes. All the same level. To make it even worse you see a say level 5 enemy hero, with stats and buffs only reachable by lvl 20, like a lvl 5 arch druid with 18 armour 14 resistance and around 10 different individual buffs, ohh and a never ending mana pool, so it can just hit you with stoning 12 times in 1 fight. Yeah nice game if you have patience enough to restart every time the AI cheats"
76561198086498985,Recommended,226840,19576831,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mystic Angel,"Great game, Similar to Civilization however has a more in depth Fights if you want to fight. Multiple classes leaves many different play styles. Explore or Conquer however you want."
76561198260140534,Recommended,226840,19791291,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Bryson,"Very great. Its a twist of spells, magic, and battle on a Tactical battle map , along with Straegetic playing on a Strategetic map. Kind of like chess. Everyone says its hard, to learn but go on Youtube and look at some tutorials. I learned the game before I even got it.Tip, don't get exta packs before you have learned the game."
,Recommended,226840,23461134,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"Age of Wonders III is one heck of a great game.It's a mix of Might & Magic/Disciples and Civilization/Warlock/Eador.It's a gem that everyone that owns a PC should play.It has a fair amount of content for a modern game (considering that the modern gaming industry doesn't create lot of content for their games).It has expansions and they look really great (haven't played them yet) but I am sure that they're awesome.It has one DLC, the deluxe edition upgrade, not so great but it is a good way of supporting the developer.PC exclusive, oh, you guys can keep your console exclusives, don't care about them, perhaps the older games but the newest, not at all, I prefer Age of Wonders III and the other exclusives that we have on the PC, they are far much better in every terms.Okay story, fun and challenging 4x gameplay, beautiful graphics and diversity between factions and units.Of course, it has a few flaws but everything has flaws, nothing's perfect.8.5/10 Seriously, you should buy the whole Age of Wonders series, It's simply great and this is one developer that is worth supporting"
,Recommended,226840,24455556,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,caijamin,"The game was surprisingly good! The turn-based element with the rich story line was fantastic. There is a bit of a steep learning curve and it's more difficult than i thought. It's more combat focused than city builder. I don't like the seperate battle system, but that's what auto-battle is for!"
,Recommended,226840,25642968,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Spittingbull,"Spectacular.  I didn't have a quality pc when the original AoW(s) were out, and I regret it even moreso, now.I've been waiting for some quality fantasy 4x for years, after getting a taste for them with a mod for CIv IV.  This game is well balanced, with good battle mechanics (you can wipe out or be wiped out by lesser forces, with tactics) and well animated.  Good fun!"
76561198000365424,Recommended,226840,23154446,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Rensin Redjaw,"This is the game that the Civ games should be.  Grid strategy, but with customization, fun battles, interesting units, and less of the boring menus and bland looking maps.The only gripe is the darn expansion packs.  They seem rather pricey for the little nuggets of content you get."
76561198035624342,Recommended,226840,30021360,Posted: 18 February,all,volunteeralex,"Highly recommend this game.  Fun battles, unique races, and great DLC."
76561198157488795,Recommended,226840,34983169,Posted: 15 September,all,Mr. Jepp,"Perfect TBS. Not more, not less. Just perfect."
,Recommended,226840,35007055,Posted: 16 September,all,GarrickWinter,"This is one of my favourite 4X games of this generation (alongside Endless Legend). I love the simplicity of it - conquer cities, build improvements, make more stuff and throw it at your enemies again. Diplomacy and economics are shallow, but they're all they need to be (no upkeep on buildings is a godsend for my sanity) - the focus is really on warfare, with a bewildering array of units and factions and spells and bonuses that can tip things one way or the other.I particularly like how your faction isn't just a race, but a combinaton of your race and your leader. So all Elves share things in common, and all Rogues share things in common, but playing as an Elf Rogue is different to both an Orc Rogue and an Elf Cleric, for example. Races and leaders each contribute their own units and bonuses and so forth, and learning how to use your favourites and counter unusual combinations is great fun. This extra dimension makes for a ton of variety and flavour.Everything looks great and the music is pretty good, and the tactical battles where you're winning by the skin of your teeth really shine. Definitely worth getting the two campaign DLCs too, Golden Realms and Eternal Lords."
,Recommended,226840,27782045,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,☆TurN,Суперская игра
76561198011331815,Recommended,226840,9692866,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Gallow,"Me and my wife have been strategy fans for quite sometime. We have played just about everything since Xcom UFO Defense (1994). Turn-based strategy games are our preferred taste. We play boardgames quite often here at home and civilization V has been our favorite on the screen for awhile. We have been on the hunt for quite sometime to increase our library of favorites and Age of Wonders III does not disappoint. Do you like to explore, research, upgrade, loot, expand, and to conquer? Age of Wonders III is a ""one more turn"" welcoming addiction.+ Excellent lore+ Unit information codex is very useful when planning strategies+ useful tooltips on city management, units, building types, and terrain types, and icon information.+ Great visuals (When you zoomout all the way the world turns into a fantasy paper map, nice touch)+ Create your own library of custom Leaders (Play as your own unique leader and create custom leaders for the AI, its your own world)+ LOTS of options (Simultaneous turns, classic turns, auto or manual battles with replay, random map generation, terrain type sliders, allow adjustments to just about every category you can think of.+ Excellent replayability+ HOTSEAT and online multiplayer support+ Great developer support+ Excellent Music Score- Bugs- Online multiplayer requires some firewall tweaking- optimzation a bit rough (unusual slowdowns and gfx issues)"
,Recommended,226840,16126797,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Nyzzle,Frostlings= White Walkers.
76561198012533060,Recommended,226840,15741138,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Blind,"It does exactly what you expect you to do and it does it very, very well. So don't expect real new innovative gameplay, but heck, everything else is, imho, tuned to perfection.As said by others: the campaigns and scenario's are great fun, but you will buy this game because of the random map generator: it makes it like a well made fantasy-themed Civ with tactical combat.I love it."
,Recommended,226840,15647555,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Caiden,"Age of Wonders 3 is an excellent 4x more in the vein of Heroes of Might and Magic than something like Civ 5, You can customize your leader, picking from all sorts of traits, race and class, each combination of these can significantly change your playstyle which keeps the game fresh and interesting and the combat in particular is beautifully done and just makes the whole game extremely satisfying."
76561197993276337,Recommended,226840,16069291,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,DaddyChillis,"Fantastic Game, anyone that is a 4x fan or MOO fan will like this. Its a fun game and plays really well."
,Recommended,226840,16082518,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,danlscarlos,just... one... more.... turn....
,Recommended,226840,34247145,Posted: 14 August,all,Tenshi,Very good game if you are looking for a fantasy turn based adventure.
,Recommended,226840,23395999,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,dimon4ik2387,"Great game, I glad that I bought it )"
76561197984225267,Recommended,226840,18562976,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,chairman_mentos,"A lot of fun and you can get into huge fantasy turn based battles. Recommended if you enjoy Master of Magic. Multiplayer turns make you watch other people's battles, which is annoying. A great time sink."
76561198086581246,Recommended,226840,34667851,Posted: 1 September,all,ksriddelle,Enjoyed THOROUGHLY.  Complex and challenging enough to emerse yourself.  Rewarding enough to keep you wanting more. As TBSs go - a total win and one I will be revisiting.
76561197974927515,Recommended,226840,14739309,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Steel*Faith,"This is the best 4x Strategy game there is. If you love the idea of ""Heroes of Might and Magic"" perfectly blended with ""Civilization"", then you're in for a treat. Not only does it take all the best features from popular games in the strategy genre, but it introduces some very cool new ideas and features.Also worth noting, the Devs for this game are fantastic and deserve your support. Very active, open, and helpful with the community, and they do a fantastic job of supporting their game and community."
,Recommended,226840,10474344,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,ScoopSnookems,"As a fan of turn-based strategy games, you owe it to yourself to give Age of Wonders 3 a go. It's beautifully detailed with lots of nuances, and real strategy with a variety of units. Plus, the meta-spells, dungeon raids, etc... really well done."
76561198045463754,Recommended,226840,12326769,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,matthett,"As for someone, who spent quite some time of his childhood playing Age of Wonders: Shadow Magic, information about sequel get was like a god's gift. Which of course lead me to fear, that AoW 3 will be one of the many disappointing sequel's of amazing games (like Heroes V and onward, Disciples and Majesty to name a few).I couldn't be any further from truth! This game is not only as good as it's precedessor, but I could even argue that it's better, getting rid of some annoying mechanics and replacing them with something actually more fun. While the game isn't free of mistakes, the developers work hard on it, and actually already have fixed a lot issues with gameplay I had when I started playing this.If you wanna try something of a mix between Civilization and Heroes with an actually pretty interesting story and climatic world... Well, I'd recommend you exactly this one."
76561198054926875,Recommended,226840,12393079,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,fireicepro,Great game. there is always something happening so you are now skipping turn just waiting for stuff to complete and all infomation you will ever need is accessible.
76561197966585473,Recommended,226840,15976533,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Legolas,"The game is a winner, as far as I have played it so far. I have always been a fan of strategy, whether it be turn-based or real-time, but also have like many other genres too. I have many games that compete for my limited game time, but this one is winning hands-down at the moment.While there are some definite 'Heroes of Might and Magic' parallels, it feels much more holistic. The tactical fighting is great, and just gets better the more I learn about the units and the mechanics. The leveling system for each unit is great, and makes you really try to keep the unit alive, granting better powers and giving each experienced unit a sense of being less 'replaceable' by the next newly produced unit. This means that rather than sending them to their doom just to finish the battle faster, or being too careless or clumsy, you really want to make sure they get involved (to get more xp), but keep them from sacrificing themselves for a worthless cause.The Heroes are great, and with so much customisation as they level up, it leaves you forever wishing you had more points to throw at their skills. This also makes it juicily special when they level up. And, even better is that it can really make a difference to the battles, whether it be the spells that enhance your 'shock troopers' to take and dish-out a heap of punishment, or enhancing your hero so they themselves become a mobile game-changer wherever they tread.The city development is interesting too. It does not boast the most exhaustive list of buildings, but in the early-mid game it promotes the development of a city so that it specialises in one or two troop types. I really like this because it means you can plan your overall strategy with more effectiveness. Including thinking about how to get your slow-moving troops to the enemy - do you build them in the close cities, or build roads between cities, or keep each city more generic and have lower level or lower tiered troops. Lots of delicious approaches.Another big plus is the ability to play offline. Which is great as I often travel. Cloud auto-saves can also help me progress on either my PC or laptop.If you like strategy, and multiple approaches to victory - then this game is for you. Heroes class and race make a difference, and the constant difficult choice of which spells and skills to choose is fantastic. Runs surprisingly well on low specs too.Cons - can't save the game mid-way through a battle, music is not amazing (but who really plays these games for the music).Please enjoy!"
,Recommended,226840,16951670,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Varitas,Age of Wonders III is a great addition to the epic Turn-Based Strategy game series. This fantasy empire building RPG is well worth a try.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFCHYDmmL9Y
76561198027929999,Recommended,226840,25140521,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,AIDA,A great sequel to an amazing serie ! The remix of AoW 1 songs is also a great nostalgic touch !
76561197975294760,Recommended,226840,9834480,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Smash,finally a remake thats pretty close to the original :) love it.
,Recommended,226840,15389831,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,saschpe,Awesome game. Even better it's now available on Linux! Kudos for that.
76561197970561207,Recommended,226840,12138872,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,m007368,"Huge fan of AOW series since the beginning.  Same great game with better graphics, more options, and tons of content!"
76561198035776269,Recommended,226840,12496157,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Uttergerth000 Communist,"This game is if WarHammer40k & Civilization 5 had a child but with playable combat and fantasy races. Not to mention the beautiful terrain and you can live underground. Not only that but you can be a multiple species nation with Goblins,Orcs and Dwarfs and more races under you're rule!"
,Recommended,226840,20120325,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Famous Thomas [Trading],Played a multiplayer game with a couple of buddiesTurn 10One of them said they were surrounded by bone dragonsTurn 25He complains Bone dragons are taking one of his citiesTurn 40Bone dragons have taken his last city but his leader still standsI build ships to find him on the mapTurn 50Find his leader sitting in a wooden fort named Eat D!ck5/7  would watched friend get boned again
76561198087990825,Recommended,226840,15222680,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Rum Ham,"Of all 4X games, this is my favourite. I have been a fan of the AoW series since 1999, and believe that this game borrows nicely from its predecessors but also introduces fantastic new features and content.The game is very detailed, with huge amounts of units, spells and abilities (many more than the previous games). The strategic map is beautiful, has many varied features and is always different thanks to the excellent random map generator.The tactical map is much improved, and is similarly pleasing to the eye. Units have the ability to flank, to gang up on stronger units and tie them up; these features improve this mode greatly.The addition of classes (e.g. rogue, Sorcerer) to the existing race based system is something that some people like and others do not. The negatives say that the emphasis is clearly on class and that choice of race doesnt matter. However, the classes arguably make up for this as they bring many different units and spells. Also, Triumph have been adding changes that improve racial diversity.One thing to mention here is that Triumph seem to want to listen to the community. Many gripes about the game when it came out have been addressed. As a company they seem to be passionate about what they do, giving the fans what they want and not being too mercenary in their approach to DLC etc.If I had to say what was wrong with the game, there would be two minor gripes. Firstly, while sieges look visually impressive, they are all virtually the same. Every time you must attack the same shape of city wall and seeing as sieges are so common a battleground, sometimes the game can feel (slightly) monotonous for this reason.Secondly, while multiplayer (player versus player) is exciting, it can be awkward to organise games and can be very time consuming. Basic things like an in lobby chat have been left out. The community often uses house rules like 'no attacking in the first 15 seconds of the turn' and 'do not purposefully attack my stacks of units to take my adjacent stacks out of the fight'. These make perfect sense and are used for nearly all games, but it relies on player honesty. I hope that triumph addresses this in a future patch. The signs are positive as they have implemented a number of positive changes to multiplayer already. I must say that multiplayer is a lot of fun and would recommend it for those that have patience.To sum this game up; it has a rich fantasy setting, looks fantastic, has awesome empire building features and tactical battles, and it is genuinely improving with the additions of new patches and DLC."
,Recommended,226840,12226761,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Kellen - Dank Memes,My entire empire was killed by dwarfs. 10/10 would diggy diggy hole again
,Recommended,226840,17183574,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Ogulus The Indifferent,"7/10Age of Wonders III combines elements of basic city building with tactical combat and simplistic RPG aspects. The tactical battles are fun and are Age of Wonder's main component. On the downside, the storyline gets tedious as you seem to reset your progress as you move to each map. Instead of following one team of epic heroes from the beginning to the end, you are constantly introduced to new heroes that you need to level up to make them useful in a fight. Following a single team throughout the entire game would have been a more fun and rewarding experience. After completing several scenarios I grew bored with the structure of the game and continuously having to burn through turn after turn just to explore a new map. If you don't mind the tedium, the tactics battles are worth the meandering storyline and slow-paced campaign interface."
76561198066170878,Recommended,226840,23431840,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Blue ^-^,"I played this game myself and find it very enjoyable. Age of wonders 3 has a great combination of civilization, fantasy,questing and a little of what felt like total war do to the fact you can controle your troops on the ground. you can even costimize your own leader aand class they will be! i would highly recomend playing it. give it a shot ^u^"
76561197975976736,Recommended,226840,23866636,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,spammeplz,"TL;DRAwesome turn based strategy game. Main campaign is frustrating in spots, but very doable on normal difficulty. I've put in over 100 hours already and still love the game.I have been on the look out for a modern replacement of Master of Magic. I can honestly say that this game may be the game that takes Master of Magic's place for me. Only time will tell, but the initial testing seems to point to a yes. The Heroes and items in Master of Magic are still possibly better. The main thing is that there are multiple ways of making a hero in Master of Magic that is for all practical purposes invincible. Some may say that's a bad thing, but I always liked it. Also, the spells in Master of Magic are truly awesome and there are a ton of spells. There are very few bad / useless spells in Master of Magic. And, so long as your heros have mana, they can each cast a spell every turn. The main disappointment for me in Age of Wonders 3 is that you can only cast one spell per turn in combat. The upside, is there are some cool abilities that are essentially spells, but don't count as a spell. Call Lightning, Thunder Storm, Guardian Flames are a few good examples. All in all, I am seriously enjoying the treasure hunting, city smashing, and magic.I may still go back to Master of Magic from time to time, but Age of Wonders 3 is a true contender in the niche that Master of Magic has been the Master of for so long.(The Age of Wonders games before this never captured my attention as much as Age of Wonders 3 and while good, weren't as good as Master of Magic.)"
76561198116468187,Recommended,226840,17113468,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,frejkya,Penguins invaded my capitol and then I lost. 10/10.
76561198040153898,Recommended,226840,17230871,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Deylendor,THE BAD::- Base game + DLC's are ridiculously overpriced.- custom LEADERS are supported ingame while custom HEROES only in a custom map if the map maker itself has made them.THE GOOD::- The best custom map generator I've ever seen. You'll forget while in a custom map is was computer generated.- Heroes ...-- have access to abilities that effetc their whole party/army if the lead it.-- can have different mounts which can give the hero using it bonuses. The heroes appereance DOES change as well.
76561198221072400,Recommended,226840,15397389,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Fuzz,"If only the Diablo 3 makers would follow in what AOW3 did. Pay and love the original makers and get them to make another amazing game, with better/more techinical aspects to the original, but keeping that AOW feel.Trutly love this game, after 10 years... never did I beleive I would be playing AOW3, and here it is! Thank you :)"
,Recommended,226840,23187389,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Imnrax,"This game is awesome. The turn-based combat is amazing, and you can have big battles. I love how the map can have surface and underground. Many different victory conditions. You can create your own hero.I highly recommend getting the DLC's also."
76561197996466306,Recommended,226840,27178255,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sekoria,"This game is awesome!!!!!No seriously, this is a very good sequel who does everything pretty good : the GUI, the story, the different races and so on.You can play any race with any class and the differences can be clearly seen. For example : do you prefer angelic goblins by playing a Theocrat, a necromantic Halfling using undead farmers throwing chickens to kill your enemies...The choice is yours!"
76561198038651212,Recommended,226840,34156262,Posted: 10 August,all,shabang50,"TL;DR Fun game. Economy light, combat heavy. Would recommend.Disclaimer; Am a filthy casual, not played multiplayer so can't comment on the positive or negative reviews of same (apparently some connection issues?)Double disclaimer; didn't play much of the campaign, always preferred AI skirmish mode. Seemed perfectly decent to me though.Economy and world map strategy is not really the games focus, but certainly adequate; the productivity of cities is mostly based around the location of specific, nearby valuables as opposed to population and buildings (although they certainly have an effect!); base terrain has no intrinsic value by itself.What the economy loses compared to your 'average' 4x it gains in the combat.Very healthy array of units, combined with racial/class interactions, synergies with various buildings, robust unit levelling, terrain, interaction with heroes. Combat is hex based affair, terrain and world spells can affect it. Many units have spectacular specials or cool abilites but certainly also fun just trying to find somewhere defensible to place your pikemen to brace a cavalry charge. Combat and world spells are spectacular, genuinely feel different between classes. Plenty of room for strategising and lining up unit synergies.Overall, real good game. Would recommend the whole collection even at £30 and i'm a filthy pirate most of the time (AND THANK ♥♥♥♥ FOR THAT JESUS LOOK AT CIV 6)"
76561198045598218,Recommended,226840,16976929,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Premier Gacko,"Quick review: the Fantasy version of Civilization V.Long review: If you are looking at this review it is because you like Strategy Turn-Base Games and Fantasy. If you do, this is your game. Age of Wonders III is the fourth game of this title (If you think of Shadow's Magic as the third) and it is incredible. The game has many races, roles, classes, units, powers, etc... It is endless fun. You can make your own maps. MAKE YOUR OWN MAPS. You can have random maps! Campaign! Awesomenes! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! STOP READING YOU USELESS STEAM USER, GO BUY THE GAME ALREADY!I HAVE 0 COMPLAINS ON IT. GOSH, BUY IT.∞/10"
,Recommended,226840,26398470,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Kumoa,I have to admit this game is a blast. Much more fun for me than Civ games. Love the combat system. Gives me more control over combat.  LOVE IT!
,Recommended,226840,23827398,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Yamifira,goblin seducers orc crusaders and elven necromancers
76561198044465141,Recommended,226840,24948763,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Horrock,Wow.  Great game.  It is a must buy for anyone who likes turn based strategy games.
,Recommended,226840,23162740,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Pandemon1c,Fun 4x style game with a fantasy setting. Does plenty of things differently than Civilization. The tactical combat is fun and adds a layer to combat that standard 4x lacks.
,Recommended,226840,22210227,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,C:\Users\LuKah>_,"Absolutely amazing. This is definitely one of the better strategy games you get on steam. This game is on par with Civ V or  maybe even better. The combat is fun, the customization is fun, taking cities is rewarding and each game is different in its own way. The visuals are fantastic and the tactical combat is extremely well done. It rarely gets boring since all minor conflicts can be solved through an auto-calculation so it never gets tedious. Plus the auto-calculations are usually pretty fair and that's a huge plus compared to other games that have tried this feature.  If you're a fan of strategy or even just fantasy this is a must-buy. I can't believe this game isn't more popular than it is. Steam and really the entire 4x scene should have more games like this and would benefit greatly from it."
76561198043229883,Recommended,226840,25560481,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,jeremiah.rylee,+ Pretty fun turn based strategy game.
76561198059939233,Recommended,226840,22744486,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Lortar Ogarr,Awesome Awesome game. More 4x elements can be added to the game but they already done a great job well worth the price.
,Recommended,226840,13605187,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,_JAKE_,"This by far is one of the best 4X strategy games that i have played in a long time. If you are one who liked civ5 then you will fall in love with this game. Unlike civ5 this game is less based on empire building and more focussed on the battles. 6 units to each army, may not sound like much but a total of 42 units can be in a single battle. Battles normally last anywhere from 5 minutes to nearly a half hour.Then the soundtrack of this game is just amazing. Im one of those people who like to sit back and listen to music and play games. Well in this game the ingame music is actually pretty sick. Online is working and there seems to still be a large community although this game is starting to get a bit old.Performance wise, this game should be able to be ran on almost anything. Very nice graphics for a 4X strategy game and the environment is very detailed.So yes i do reccomend you purchase Age of Wonders III"
76561198107640560,Recommended,226840,25398049,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,arcturuscavirus,one of my favorites...
,Recommended,226840,17085405,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,bthaiholla,better than civ♥♥♥♥ civ
76561197992242395,Recommended,226840,15707287,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,easytarget,"Phenomenal game.  I've not experienced that ""just one more turn"" like this since the original Civ.  And the amount of settings you can arrange when creating a randomly generated game is robust enough that the replay value is huge.Update Dec 2016:  With the recent patch just released (how phenomenal is it the devs are still patching this game!) I fired up another campaign and got sucked in all over again in that ""just one more turn"", this game has stood the test of time in my book and now ranks for me as a classic I'll be playing for years to come."
76561198062867743,Recommended,226840,25614197,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,FearMeMeow,"Absolutely great game. Imagine Civililization, but with less♥♥♥♥♥♥and more badassery"
76561197987069047,Recommended,226840,25956672,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,shadowhhold,Impressive amount of modders in the workshop helps to really liven the game up (not that it needed it to begin with)
76561198033617861,Recommended,226840,26367099,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Marianojoey,"Did you see there are a lot of games like other games made many years ago? It's like Hollywood. No new ideas are better than old ideas, so they keep making movies like the ones 20-40-60 years ago.The thing with those ""re-new"" movies is that most of them are a pale homage to those great movies we watched and loved (yeap, I'm old).Well, with games is the same. And this here AoW3 happens the same that with another game that was the third instalment in a series that has an ""o"" as the second of four letters (if you need another clue, the last one is the same as the third).  ;)Lucky for us, this game IS a good homage for that great game. Is it AS good? Hard to say, I didn't play that one in a loooooooong time now, but this one makes an honest effort, and brings back a lot of fond memories. :)Also, it's totally moddable, has 4 campaigns (if you add the DLCs, and you totally should), and it works wonderfully as a port on Linux (which is why I bought it). :)So, if you remember that old ""four letters and a 3"" game and you liked it, give this one a try. It's worth the money. :)"
,Not Recommended,226840,13462628,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Alex,"I loved AoW 1 and 2 plus the expansions.  This one just is not anywhere as nice.  It is fun and more advanced than a Heroes of Magic game, but pales to the depth and strategy of the original games."
76561198024789277,Recommended,226840,25213352,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Mad-Dog,Great Age of Wonders game.
76561198029116742,Recommended,226840,12671107,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,rfernandz2001,"When I was a wee lad I played a DOS game called Master of Magic, which I enjoyed utterly. AoWIII, to me, is the successor to that game, what with the combat mechanics, spell casting, creature summoning, and empire building. Me Gusta!"
76561198008088676,Not Recommended,226840,12170339,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Ether Bunny,"I'm really torn about this game, because it does so much right and I hate to be negative about a game that's so close to being great. I'm going to hit on the negatives first so that at least I can end on a positive note.Negatives:There is basically no strategic depth. There is absolutely no reason not to use the highest tier units as soon as possible, none of the units really fill a unique role, and in the end there's really just no point in building lower-tier units if higher tiers are available. The strategy boils down to ""who can get high-tier units produced the fastest"". The Total War series is an example where this was usually done fairly well, though admittedly not anywhere near perfect.The classes aren't very well balanced: Sorcerers are incredibly powerful, since they can summon tier 4 units wherever they are and it costs no gold to do so. It allows them to effectively push forward and defend anywhere at any time. On the opposite end of the spectrum are Theocrats, who have basically nothing worth using in their own trees and must rely entirely on specializations.The specializations aren't very diverse: The elemental ones are all almost exactly parallel with each other (not in relative power, but in the fact that the powers are all the same with reskins and a number or two tweaked), the destruction and creation specializations don't do anything meaningful, and the explorer specialization is entirely useless. Honestly I think I'd've scrapped this entirely. It feels bolted-on. You can completely ignore your specialization and it'll have no effect on your gameplay most of the time.The races all feel exactly the same. I don't know if there are differences outside small hit point variances in the units or not, but if there are any they're very minor. For an example of this done better, see Heroes of Might & Magic (2, 3, or 5, if you want a specific one, basically any but 6 because that game is sadness in game form.)The research tree is an absolute mess: it requires rote memorization to figure out what research leads where. In some cases it's fairly obvious, in others it seems random if you haven't sunk a significant amount of time into the game. This is a really common problem in strategy and tactical games. Sins of a Solar Empire had this done fairly well, as did XCOM's newest incarnations (in different ways, obviously).Tactically there are a few options, but the tactical combat is incredibly and painfully repetitive. The A.I. has been improved some, but still isn't especially good. In truth I don't have a great answer for a game where this was done exceptionally well. In RTS games it usually isn't a problem, since the computer is just made more aggressive with more resources. Turn based games are a tougher nut to crack, though. Shogun 2 was one with a reasonably good A.I., but certainly not an excellent one.Multiplayer games with simultaneous turns are abysmally un-fun. Simultaneous turns in general don't work, with some units freezing in place when attacked by an enemy (when you would normally move away before the enemy could get in close), and generally team-turns would work much better than the way simultaneous turns work now.Now for the good stuff:Each of the classes does play in a unique way. The specializations may not make much difference, but the classes are incredibly varied and have a good blend of niche and flexible abilities.The game looks remarkably good for the most part. It's not graphically brilliant, but the art design was well put together, you have a lot of options for how your main hero will look and nothing looks cheap.While it's a bit of a mixed bag, the spellcasting/ability use in general is generally entertaining and can have a fairly significant effect on the tides of battle.The UI is mostly intuitive, though it too has a few areas that would benefit from clearer labelling.That's what I've got. Hope it helps!"
,Not Recommended,226840,9990515,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Minitrue,"A 4x fantasy game that has all the elements you could wish for, allowing it to make a real challenge at being arguably the best in its genre. But does it live up to its sparkle ?If you're old enough to remember Master of Magic, then you will know the precursor game that AoW III has built itself on. If you're not old enough, then AoW is a game of the same family as Warlock, or any of the fantasy mods for Civ. A turn based fantasy game you will spend your time exploring a map, expanding your empire, exploiting resources and finally exterminating your enemies. A 4x to the core. Whilst there have been innumerable takes on this formula, AoW III promises to bring all these things together with a decent rub of polish and just enough depth to really please the 4x audience.And in many ways the game does just that - a nice tactical combat system that brings depth to the strategic map manoeuvres without overstaying its welcome. A diverse and interesting number of resources to exploit. Bucketfuls of different army units and racial types. And so on.But despite all this, and despite it looking great, the game has some flaws. And when you get to playing it, those flaws really start to bite.The first flaw is the simultaneous move implementation. Turn based games can turn into a tedious snore fest if they opt for a me go you go type mechanic. Fortunately in this day and age such things are rare ( with the exception of the woeful coding of Warlock ), but in AoW III the simultaneous movement has a hitch. Everything and everyone moves simultaneously - players, AI kingdoms, independents. And the AI has a beautifully machine like grief play style where it can wait for you to make a single move somewhere, before rolling forward its units to sneak in the back door and take that town from you.Woops.So maybe you shouldn't move out of that town. At all. Ever. A bizarre nervouse mexican stand off ensues where the AI stares you down waiting for you to misclick or even just investigate a passing army before rushing in to capitalise. And it's no good clicking once you've taken that step - particularly if you are playing in a multiplayer network game - as the whole thing then lags and chugs busy processing its own fabulously griefing move whilst your frantic clicks can sit and wait.In practice the simultaneous movement with AIs on the field of play quickly becomes irritating - and it starts to warp play into some neurotic twitch fest. It's not the first game to implement this type of nervous who clicks first simultaneous play, but here, combined with a simplistic ""IS IT OK FOR ME TO ATTACK NOW"" state AI, it can often prove enormously frustrating.Fortunately simulaneous movement is optional.Non simultaneous movement then goes back to the tedious me go you go turn order. But at least you can go out explore something and be home for tea without the griefing AI kicking your door down mid journey. Well. Mostly.The second flaw to the game is that towns don't have an implicit defence. That is to say, if a town is empty, anyone can just walk in and take it. Sound reasonable ? Sure. What's the problem ? Remember that hair trigger wait for you to move ""IS IT OK TO ATTACK NOW"" AI ? It's still here. And as soon as you even look like you are leaving somewhere empty or under strength, then with annoying regularity the AI marches an army up. I couldn't swear to it, but the AI also has an uncanny knack to ""know"" when you have left somewhere light, and proceeds to quickly march from over the horizon to its target goal. Meh.In practice with the AI staring you down waiting for you to set a single foot outside your door, you end up with the gratuitous full army stack just sitting kicking its heels defending a town. FOR THE REST OF THE GAME. You can see why many games just abstract city defence away, as it's a no brainer you want to always defend a city.But maybe you're ok with that. Seeing a stack of troops in every town, and the maintenance of them - the retiring of old redundant units, the creating of new  better ones, and the whines from their heroes as they slowly level up, and the movement difficulties getting around that fat stack is fine. No problem.Third flaw in the game. Unit balance. As you proceed up your tech tree, most units become pretty much worse than useless. In fact, if you are not spamming out your top tier units, then you're probably doing it wrong. And if those low tier units do engage those high tier ones ? Splat. Well ! That's just the march of progress ! That's to be expected ! Except it's kind of broken here. In something like Civ your units in the field will get dragged through the ages with an upgrade - that unit of Warriors you've had kicking around since 4000BC are now some fancy 20th century Infantrymen. And you will no longer be able to produce those ancient warriors. In AoW there is no such handling. Those idiot Tier I guys will still be walking around. Sucking up resources. Bloating out stacks. And you can go right on producing those stick wielding primitives right into the era of ""space travel"" - the highest tiers. Which is kind of pointless. And irritating. So for all those fancy units, it ends up just a race for the highest tier - with a few exceptions. The subtleties of rock paper scissors are quickly washed away in a My Tank beats EVERYTHING you have.Fourth flaw in the game, and this really does spoil the game, is the nature of the AI. The AI is the worst kind of griefing AI - the kind of player that will happily sit there and repeat play the same chequers move until eternity, just so they stop you winning. It's a sad fact that to placate the human player customer base, an AI has to sometimes take the higher road, the non optimal choice and  break out of that loop of incessant taunting moves. In AoW the AI has no such good sportsmanship tendencies and will happily bounce armies back and forth as you trigger each AI decision tree. Move to the left ? Your enemy to the right will charge. Move to the right ? Your enemy to the left will charge. Quickly go back the other direction ? Your enemies will mirror your move. Rinse and repeat.So the AI is tricky you think. What's the issue ? You're just whining about a hard AI !The AI is not hard particularly. Just annoying. As are the other issues with the game. All of which combines in a perfect storm to produce a game that after a while becomes just plain irritating. You don't have fun. It becomes like managing an annoying spoiled nephew. Until you question why you are even playing the stupid game, and hell doesn't Civ or Warlock give a  much more enjoyable experience ?And there's the problem. AoW has all the right bits, all the right polish and yet... through a few interesting design choices... manages to trip over and face plant to produce an annoying not quite there game.The irritating aspects of the game do shine through - and until recently another annoying ( And pointless ? ) aspect of game play was an AI that would endlessly spam dispells. Sound tactics ? Sure. Annoying griefy play that tends to break any possible use of global spells ? Yes. It's something that you can see hasn't really been thought about how it plays out. It's an AI which is not good at playing humans - it's good at playing itself.If you were being very harsh, you might almost say someone looked at all the requested things for a 4x, mixed them together and baked for half an hour - but without any clue whatsoever as to what *tastes good*.At its best there is a good game somewhere in AoW. At it's worst its an annoying experience with a minor sprinkling of bugs to spice things up a bit.Personally I am still perservering with it - I like the bits that are good, and it can play for a while as a nice game, on the other hand I really hate the bits that fail, they really jar you out of the game and produce a frustrating, lets go play something else type vibe."
76561198135207859,Not Recommended,226840,13874332,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SlamCitySkates,"AOW3 is an empire building game/ combat game with a fantasy theme. On paper, it sounds great; but in reality it isnt massively interesting.  The variety in gameplay comes through the tech trees in both what your cities are producing and on the special abilities that you can impose on your empire. But both trees are relatively short and you can reach the end of both a long way before you end a game. Like a lot of empire building games, the more cities you build, the more tedious it becomes. Sadly, the combat is also repetitive - the same maps with the same enemies in the same positions. It takes a short while to get used to, but once you do, you will be applying the same tactics over and over again.In short, there isnt much to recommend the game. Its not terribly programmed, but there just isnt enough depth to keep you interested."
,Not Recommended,226840,12706052,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,blackpony777,"Firstly, I am a big fan of the Age of Wonders franchise. However, this game was not entertaining compared to the previous titles. Besides better graphics and a new class, the game does not have that much new content to offer. Every match I found to be repetitive and slow. In previous Age of Wonders games I found each conflict to be new and require unique different ways of playing. In this release, I find myself repeating the same tactics over and over. The story in this game is not exciting and I found myself skipping through it in both campaigns. Overall, I give this game a 5/10. Pick up AoW 2 versus this title. You'll save some money and have a better experience. All in all, this game is not worth the buy."
,Recommended,226840,10800946,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Oxnull,combat in this game is pretty sweet
76561198059783053,Recommended,226840,10911080,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,OliverPayne,"This game is amazing. I could go on about graphics and controls being smooth, but more importantly, the gmaeplay is brilliant. There are a lot of people complaining about things that are really more about their preference than the game's quality, so let me say this: you might want it to be more CoOp orientated than single player, or have tweeked combat mechanics, but ultimately this Civ-like/Fantasy/Totalwar-like game (for people who haven't played the ealier installments) is very well done, worked, and an all around 5* game."
76561198009772573,Recommended,226840,11763151,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,[HMRD] Archcraig,"Anytime i play a fantasy 4x i choose a mage type class. Thats my favorite to play, but in this game they suck. Its a good 4x game, but.......I'm Archcraig."
76561198026930946,Recommended,226840,9920191,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,† ∫pØØky †,Some time now has passed and I have over 450 hours into this game. All of my original complaints have been addressed and the game is perfect except for one thing. Multiplayer does not support Apple Airport routers. With AOW3 now being ported to OSX I assume this will be addressed soon.
,Recommended,226840,9915896,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,vaxinate,civilization meets might and magic! good stuff!
76561197989978156,Recommended,226840,9919029,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Waffles!,"If you're a fan of homm and civ, this is the perfect game. The UI can be a little clunky, but overall i've greatly enjoyed my time with it so far."
,Recommended,226840,9926432,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,DarthBane,"Decent game, huge randomly generated maps worth the money!"
76561198042695188,Recommended,226840,9934111,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Donkey Ollie,New to the game and I love it.
76561198022873405,Recommended,226840,9939010,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Adon,"A mix of Warcraft, Age of Empires, Civ 3-5, and good ole awesomeness. Strongly recommended for RTS'rs, and for the strong RPG element as well."
,Recommended,226840,9941719,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Acidwell,Civ 5 but more combat and so much to do
76561198009078977,Recommended,226840,9947323,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,kyu,"I remember playing Age of Wonders 1 and 2 so long ago.  I can't recall how many hours I dumped into those games, especially the second one.  It was the reinvention of Master of Magic, and I loved it.  You get the great world map combined with many fantastic races and tactical combat on separate maps.  I could not have been happier.  It was the fantasy version of Civilization in many respects.When I saw AoW3, I got anxious.  Finally it released, and I got to play it.  It truly has everything to remind me of the previous versions I loved, and then some.  Random Maps, finally.  Relevant units, yay.AoW3 has random maps.  This seems normal, but previously they did not.  So after a while, it becomes mundane with the same strategies and outcomes per scenario.  You can build cities!  Couldn't do that in the old days.  It was all preset and you took what was already there.  Units are relevant now.  In AoW2 the best strategy was to raze every single building and town you took (except your starting city), then destroy the neutral armies that appeared, and farm all the xp and items you could for your starting hero. He becomes nigh invincible, even to tier 3 units, and has absurd movement with flight, so he can just zoom around the map with a scorched earth strategy.  I have not tried to do this in AoW3, but I suspect it would be ineffective.If you liked the previous games in the series, you will still like this one. I cannot say anything bad about it. It is in line with everything I expected it to have. It stays true to the series, and offers some new things. The only thing it doesn't have, is the number of races that the priors had.  No Dark Elves, no Undead, etc... DLC right?  Seems fine.All that being said, I would go 8/10 if you like the genre or the old games.  Personally, it's a 7 for me, and that is just because although I want to enjoy the battles and fight them manually, they become something of a chore to me and I end up auto'ing most of them, even if its a huge super important fight.  I would not have the patience anymore for multiplayer if people do manual fights, yet the prospect of not having the option to manual fight seems to gut a large aspect of the game's draw for me.So I recommend this game overall, but you mind get a little bored with it if you have leaned towards RTS style games since playing AoW2, and maybe that's not worth the cost of the game for you.  Even so, it's a fine product and I am happy to support it, even if I don't play it as much as I thought I would.  (so many good games these days)"
76561198033543218,Recommended,226840,9957502,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,mamkablam,"If you loved the first two, you will also love this.  I was expecting the developers to have messed up the AoW formula, but despite some minor tweaks and changes, the exploration, combat, and empire-building is just as fun as in the earlier games.  This is a true sequel."
76561198021902309,Recommended,226840,9960662,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Torquemada,When I first got this game it seemed a little dull. After playing for a while and exploring the races and classes and getting to know the game it's a real delight to play.
76561198113058673,Recommended,226840,11810080,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Donovan FireHammer,I love this game
76561197979077141,Recommended,226840,10814290,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Viddles,"My first foray into AoW series. Liking it so far. Plays like Heroes of Might and Magic, with a little bit of Civ sprinkled in (city upgrades and spell research)."
,Recommended,226840,10884001,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DarkJest,"I was curious about this game from the Steam Summer sale of 2014. Let me say I love TBS games and I love fantasy settings. I read a handful of reviews, I watched no videos of gameplay and I just went with it. I do not regret my purchase at all. Let me say this: (For me) This game is what happens when Civ and Xcom have a baby and that baby starts playing Dungeons and Dragons."
76561198019700015,Recommended,226840,10671454,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Wilmore,"This is close to being THE game, people! It has been a long while since I have played something that fun. A great combination of Heroes of Mught & Magic and Civilization. Comes highly recommended!"
,Recommended,226840,10781272,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jj,one of the best turn based strategy game out there
76561198063371772,Recommended,226840,11361210,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Eccy,"One of best fantasy strategies on the market - higly recommend to any tbs fan - 9,5/10"
,Recommended,226840,10839351,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,PraiseTheSven,"This game is like alt the best parts of turn-based, fantasy, strategy games - put into one game. If you are into Heroes Of Might And Magic and/or Civilization, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,226840,9913488,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,AlexThunderbird,"Hmm Well Age of Wonders 3 may be lacking in what the old games hadBut that doesnt mean it is a bad gameIts graphics are nice and even though the camera has problems at moments its not worthlessThe gameplay is the best part and runs solidIt seems a bit laggy for me sometimesThe only real issue is the multiplayers forced to watch battle thingBut thats a passable not to bad scenarioThere is actually a ton of content to the game which is nice off the batBut most likely tons of new things on the way to look at for DLC...No signs of :RogueChicken: so iam still hungryBut this game has a ton of stuff to chew onThey still need to work out the kinks on editorITs not as simple as the old onesBut oh well, this is a 2014 game not a 2001Alot has changed since thenBesides the points of anything, this game is goodAnd in this dying age of actually decent gamesThis gem is a proud 8 or 9 out of 10it still has some polishing to fix any issuesBut i like itIts not for everyone and it is its own gameIts not 4X or Starcraft... so i dont understand what the comparrisons areIT is Age of Wonders 3and its here to smack your shoes and say ERNHHHH....lol"
,Recommended,226840,16684530,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ZombieCo,"Lots of content for your $, game looks great. Runs great.Campaigns are fun and the AI isn't too bad.Addictive and immersive. I very much recommend.One more turn..."
,Recommended,226840,17801635,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,1337W4lLh4cK3r,"Only problem I have with this game is with the cost of 4th tier unit upkeep being too low (so they end up spammable), but otherwise this is amazing.LikeSuperAmazing.You have no idea. It's like civ 5 except if you added magic, underground, tactical battles, heroes, rpg mechanics, orcs/elves/dwarves/halflings/undead etc., good/neutral/bad...holy jesus christ like you need to get this game if you call yourself a fan of 4X. GET THE GODDAMN GAME"
,Recommended,226840,27195716,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,byzantinesoul,Evil. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Penguins. 'Nuff Said.
,Recommended,226840,27389152,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kelalis,One more hour
76561198030387297,Recommended,226840,28946590,Posted: 2 January,all,Tony Breadsticks,In my time of playing this game it has done nothing but surprise me in the best of ways.  It was a stratigic masterpiece and i wouldn't change a thing about it.
76561198078942514,Recommended,226840,28907463,Posted: 1 January,all,Grizzly,"Been playing this game for a while now. Can't say enough good things about it. It has less complexity in the diplomacy and city building aspects than the giant that is the Civ franchise, but make up for it in the combat aspect. Definitely recommended for any 4X players who enjoy combat victories over diplomatic ones."
76561198074320768,Recommended,226840,27530162,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bim,This is an amazingly well crafted game and provides the fantasy 4x experience I have been looking for. The game can be a little slow going but can be so rewarding in the end.
,Recommended,226840,26392314,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Eos,"It's an amazing game. It's just like Civ V, but in a fantasy world. All of the races and classes play distinctly differently. Ex: As a Necromancer, you don't have to worry about morale. Also, the combat is deep. You have flanking, elemental attacks and resistances, and attacks of opportunity. Completely worth the money."
,Recommended,226840,26831717,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pedruu,"Fast paced turn-based strategy game, more fight oriented than other games in genre.There's lots of ways to play the game, with several races, different neutral creatures/cities, lots of spells available, etc. The maps are also pretty nice, with lots of variety, its fun to try to explore it and see what you can find!"
76561197977835561,Recommended,226840,27760840,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Markliuz Da Jesterly,"Absolutely the best strategy turn based game ive ever played with my friends, the turns are fast and rapid as you dont need to wait long compared to other strategy turn based games. the combat is great in the form of flanking, blocking, tanking and casting spells even strategically planning where to have your heaviest units doing the most damage. as you can even join in on battles your ally start or yourself if they are next to the attacked target, forming some form of cooperative experience. the city management is alot of fun especially once you decide what your city will become for city, if you want it to solely focus on making troops or turning it into a city of mana to gain lots of mana to throw alot of spells is up to you as well as dependant on the leader you have. when it comes to the leader the customization is enough even if its not a whole lot but its enough to be satisfying to some extent, once it comes down to class and choosing specialization the real fun begins if you want to be a badass warmonger or a peace loving druid even a villainous necromancer its up to you. i really recommend playing this with friends as it will nearly ensure endless of fun."
76561198066464095,Recommended,226840,26463862,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Grizz,"So much fun. If you loved the civilization series, give this game a try."
76561198047457275,Recommended,226840,31519820,Posted: 3 May,all,erikrick,"This is what Heroes of M&M should have become. All the gameplay and variety from the older Heroes, very nice visuals, and hero customizability which is a nice bonus. It's on sale right now, so do yourself a favor, stop fighting with all the wonky copy protection and server availability issues with the latest Heroes of M&M. Just get this."
,Recommended,226840,16527386,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,mk ultra,"Great game if you're a real fan of turn-based strategy. If you're like me and you need more constant action, you will quickly lose interest. However, this is still an amazing game. The graphics are great, it's easy to learn but the tactics in battles are incredibly deep. There are an insane amount of races/units/heroes."
,Recommended,226840,16300457,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Mordeth13,A very fun turn based strategy. Graphics are nice. Lots of options in battles. Inventory for heroes and loot to find. My only complaint is that sometimes choosing auto-battle does a better job than you doing it yourself (it's usually the other way around).
76561198154269385,Recommended,226840,31100570,Posted: 12 April,all,Spicy Bagels,"Okay so let's get on with a short review.MAP:The map is basically like Civ, it's a hexagon based map where each army or character has a certain move limit which is affected by the terrain type before having to end your turn to be able to move again on your next go. There are all sorts of treasures and dungeons, some with high difficulty and high rewards, located all over the map and other resource or unit providing structures. The map also has different biomes, which your race will benefit or receive negative attributes from depending on which race you choose. For example, High Elves will benefit greatly in battles if they're fighting in Forest-temperate terrain types, but receive negative effects from fighting on a frozen landscape for example. This varies depending on which race you choose.COMBAT:Okay, so combat is a little more develloped than Civ, it's a turn-based, tiled space movement system which takes place on a different map than the campaign one. Terrain and line of sight also affect ranged units an so on. The only thing I dislike about combat is that it's relatively small-scale, even if you combine 3 armies, the battles still feel small which I personally dislike being a big Total War fan. Still the combat is good and so is unit variation and having a good strategy can decide whether you win or loose a battle.GAMEPLAY:So, you choose a race and then your faction leader has a class, for example, druid, necromancer (dlc), mage, rogue, engineer and each have their own benefits and weaknesses, as well as unique units, spells and abilities. The aim of the game is to basically wipe-out your enemies for a total victory or an allied victory. There are also different game types available to choose from so replayability is pretty decent. You can also find loot to upgrade your faction leader and generals as well as level them up and choose new skills and abilities for them.VERDICT:I highly recommend this game to all turn-based strategy fans, especially those who enjoy the fantasy genre.8/10"
,Recommended,226840,9717788,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Erasmus,Good.................Well done with the underdark
76561197978271739,Recommended,226840,9719479,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,TheFirstSin,"super addictive game! got that ""one-more-turn"" syndrome down pat."
,Recommended,226840,9729853,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Osati,"Like Civilization, except with magic"
,Recommended,226840,9742336,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,s3ter <3 Khorne,very nice!!!
,Recommended,226840,9767295,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,CamelKrush,"There is a lot to do in AoW III - from building and managing your empire's cities to fighting on the front-lines with your hero in TBC that keeps you on the edge of your rolling computer chair..There is so much to do and so much to learn - so much, in fact - it keeps the game unpredictable and very circumstantial. If you are looking for a game where you can rule an empire and have full control over the every detail there is... AoW III will do that and more."
76561197991009618,Recommended,226840,9726260,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Scottness,"love this game and all previous games, only did the first few scenarios and my only complaint so far is they have changed the magic system removing most summonable creatures and that they have changed migrating cities to being an evil thing however they have changed the relationship system so even being elves i can have for instance orcs following me without a relationship penalty , my only other complaint is 1/2 the races have gone to being unplayable :( miss a few of the old ones!!! :("
76561197969428562,Recommended,226840,9750789,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Tynin,"I am only through the first ""Act"" for the Commonwealth. But I feel pretty comfortable saying, if you like this style of game you should check it out. Watch or read a review if you are undecided. I'm happy with the purchase, it completely ate my Sunday!"
76561198031248177,Recommended,226840,9767676,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,cboleware,pretty awesome game.
,Recommended,226840,9721492,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Anidave,"An excellent game, Design your own wizard and create your own magical empire. Full of amazingness."
76561198028904415,Recommended,226840,9729396,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Pants Destroyer,"I don't see what all the griping is about.  This is a top notch game!  I have loved AOW since my buddy got in on the beta test when Epic was just a 2bit company.  AOW III could have more in it from Wizards Throne (AOW II) , but I am trusting Triumph to get a good amount of DL content.  This game kills HOMM, and Fallen Enchantress.  It was the first game to utilize the Underworld, and Environmental spell effects.  While they have borrowed a little too much from HOMM and dumb down some of the dimensional combat, it's still a great game, could it be better?  Yes, but it is worth the money.  A Huge map will keep you busy for a few days.  The longer you play, in my estimate the more you will get into the mechanics and the depth of the game.  You can choose your own destiny Evil or Good, it all depends on whether you want to slaughter a bunch of friendly nymphs and ferries or make peace with everyone.  Graphics are good, not great but the game play makes up for everything.  If you enjoy HOMM (Hero's of Might and Magic) or Fallen Enchantress then get this game.  You won't regret it."
76561198061336044,Recommended,226840,9753431,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Captain Facepalm,"a masterpiece of a stagegy game. easily my new favorite 4x game to date.very good and FUN mechanics, has good depth, though more combat orianted then Civthis could be good or bad for you, mostly due to raferance and not quality.the one thing that i found to be disapointing was the model quality, but its close to meaningless compared to how goodthe whole expiriance is,very easy to recommand even at full price for everyone that enjoys 4x games,GG :D"
76561198055451621,Recommended,226840,9757136,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,KananTheViking,"The strategic level plays very simialr to Civilization games, with considerably less managment involved, with more focus on exploring and fighting than diplomacy. Fighting is the centerpiece of the game with all the myriad units filling thier own niche. The different races have rosters of simialr core units, but each one puts some different twists, either stat or ability wise, such as goblin infantry being the cheapest but having the lowest hitpoints, or orc archers causing bleeding damage and so on. The additon of all sorts of spells across the different classes always makes combat more interesting from chain lightning to cherubs you can usually zap, burn, blast, heal, shield something in the fights.It is a good thing the combat is so interesting though as the strategic level mainly serves as a conduit and context for the turn-based battles, the only way to win is to defeat your enemies, you can form alliances and there is a diplomacy system with dispositions and item and city gifting, but the end goal is usaually either kill everyone, or make a few friends, and kill everyone else.The one sorta exception to that is the independents (minor non-player or cpu factions). These will often be something not found in the normal factions, like giants or faeires or skeletons, and if you can ally with them they will give you a quest, usally involving killing something, and then after 1-3 of these will join your faction, allwoing you to recruit the special units. Of course you could always just kill them and absorbt thier dwellings, effectively accomplishin the same thing.All in all, game is a lot of fun with a lot of replayability, it seems to  trade strategic depth on the imperial level for very high quality on the turn-based battles."
,Recommended,226840,9726418,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,RAF802,"Note: I have only played a short time in the story campaignVery similar to Civ V but much more combat orientated - with actual battles.But currently is not fully newbie-friendly. Some (even basic) game mechanics were not explained. Research options were not explained - i.e. rank, prerequisites and also things like what effected unit healing on the world map.  Luckily, I know a fir bit about other 4x games to fill in the blanks. But research is still a mystery to me.Also, in  the tutorial/campaign some of the starting research options were different when I restarted (Yes, I died in 2 turns - damn auto-combat)But does look very promising and I am enjoying it so far. I particularly like how the map changes to a drawn map when fully zoomed out.It is a solid game and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes strategy games. Plus, it has a lot of information in its in-game ""wiki"" book about lore ans units for those who are interested."
76561197969462802,Recommended,226840,9737856,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,butters,Best fantasy strategy game in ages
76561198037823278,Recommended,226840,9767914,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,memprich,Im only giving a thums up because i hope they fix the problems. Feals like it should still be in bata too many crashes. played all the age of wonders games and love em and from what i have gotten to play without the game crashing on me its been great. i like theese guys though and believe they will  fix the problems just hopefully soon and plz fix the editor make the random genorator on it work plz.
,Recommended,226840,9772930,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,KermitDaftFrog,"Best turn based startegy game I have played in a long time, the level of customisation is amazing combat is great and the AI can kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you aren't on the ball."
76561198037277669,Recommended,226840,9755875,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Ova Wolf,I once thought they failed to do this right when i heard about elves with guns no the elf did not do the guns it was the kings idea build your own king pick a class make class unit for any race befriend units you knew from the older game or conquer them outright the archon fell to the undead the undead were mostly destoryer losing the knowledge of the great undead weapon the bone horror!this game truely beat the older game but to put it clearly even the old ones are worth playing yes flanking range magic tech hotseat!!!! dragons giants & holy/magic/tech/war/nature empires this is one great version i spoke poorly on this once there is still alot they can add and when they do it will be even better!
76561198021011189,Recommended,226840,9720096,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Zaephyer,"Age of Wonders III has combined the grid-based exploration systems of most cultural building games (such as Civilization, and Age of Empires), and combines it with the turn-based combat systems of a generic Tactical RPG. The only real gripe I HAVE with the game is the inability to construct things like farms and mines, so if you spawn in an area that doesn't have any nearby, you'll likely be screwed upon starting. Other than that, the game is fantastic. Not to mention that the musical score is such a delight."
76561197961972443,Recommended,226840,9728931,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,thefinn,"Game seems good, but nothing special in the genre - there are so many games for the genre now that it's just another one.It doesn't stand out in any way except for the combat - which I find a LOT nicer than many of the other games of this kind.There are now strategic reasons to surround a city and attack once your armies are in place. It's much nicer on that level."
76561198064557809,Recommended,226840,9730774,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Ahra,"Age of Wonders III is utterly amazing.My view may be skewed due to putting 100+ hours into the original, but for newcomers to the series I highly recommend this title. The game play is 4X (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, and eXterminate) much like the Civilization or Heroes of Might and Magic series. The game is set in a high fantasy world ripe with monstrous creatures, dungeons and undead armies. When playing a map (either a scenario, the campaign, or a randomly generated map) you start with a leader unit who, in scenarios or random maps, you create yourself and usually a small army based on one of the five races that you can choose with a city or a city building unit to start your empire. Your leader can level up as they defeat enemies with your armies and gain points to put into unique abilities based on their class and their offensive and defensive statistics. These abilities will help bolster the armies that they lead and push you ever closer to victory. The infantry units you command also gain experience and levels up to four but their abilities and stats are predetermined. Also based on the previously mentioned class and the actions you take to solidify an alignment, either good or evil, are the spells that you research along the way which is reminiscent of technology from the Civ franchise.Along your journey you will more than likely run across heroes that will offer to join you, these characters are much like your leader, they level up the same, they gain abilities based on their class, and they are meant to lead armies. The big difference being that if you lose one of these heroes they are gone, much like other units in your army. Your leader will respawn at your throne city, assuming it's still standing, after a few turns but their friends will not. This makes the battles intense and the losses devastating. The battles are turn based on a hex map based on whatever landscape you're occupying and these maps are gorgeous. They really give you a look at the landscapes that your troops are marching through.The class system mentioned above is a change to the series that after experiencing I can say is welcome. There are very distinct ways that each class works from the technology based, steam punkesque Dreadnaught to the classic magic juggernaut that is the Sorcerer. The Theocrat leads through belief and divine retribution with their crusaders, leading holy wars against their heretical enemies while the Rogue leads through deception, riots, and stealth. The Archdruid taps into the power of nature, summoning animal companions and nature elementals to their side while the Warlord rampages their armies with limited use of magic, ruling through blood, and battle.Overall the game is a very unique and very fun experience. The soundtrack is breathtakingly beautiful with a few songs being a throwback to the original. Clearly I don't write reviews for a living (I know. ""Too many commas."" ""Where's the sentence structure?"") but I feel like if I were to Age of Wonders would get a 5/5, 10/10, or 100/100. The only gripe I could make is the lack of a few races from the previous games but that's nothing that an expansion or two won't fix. That, and the fact that I can't buy the collectors edition of the game. But life goes on. I'll be spending hours of mine in the Age of Wonders."
76561198050683458,Recommended,226840,16997868,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Robin of Spiritwood,"Solid tactical game, light on strategy. Good variety of ways to play, plenty of unit types and uses.Very good random Map generator for infinite replays.Brilliant sound, hand crafted look to the visuals. Many tributes to Lord of the Rings, classic D&D, and Warhammer during gameplay.***** Highly reccomended. 5 stars."
76561198018593842,Recommended,226840,18885675,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,sgalanter,Immerse world. Age of Wonders 3 continues to improve upon the brilliance of the series. The artwork is gorgeous. The building options are many. The AI can be challenging and brutal. This is one of my favorite turn-based-games outside of the Civ series.
76561198158164254,Recommended,226840,33253611,Posted: 4 July,all,~Destonis~,"Great game, dlc is also very worth it. Just be wary though, the AI take 600 years to finish their turns sometimes."
76561198084662172,Recommended,226840,31528561,Posted: 3 May,all,morphles,"If you like heroes series and/or Civilization series, you have a very good chance of liking this. Though it is closer to heroes than civilization in the amount of what I would call world map micro, which I like quite a bit. Much more managable than load of separate units on hundreds of tiles. While battles, oh battles! They are just awesome, much better than anything civilization can provide, and even much better than heroes series (IMO), it is a bit like a mix of heroes and X-COM (the new one), with potential for massive battles with huge variety of units.Would strongly recommend for anyone who likes strategy games."
76561197973391469,Recommended,226840,26377784,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Velico,"I enjoy AoW3 quite a bit, but the more I played it the more stale the AI got for me.  It's not that it's bad per se, just that it's predictable and usually very passive.  Usually they will turtle up in their cities if you are roaming nearby, even if they are a fair bit stronger than you.  This forces a lot of siege warfare, something that I don't think the game does very well.  You can't sit outside their gates and siege them down, you have to fight their forces full strength every time at their walls.  It gets tedious.  There are ways around this (happiness penalties/strategic spells mainly from Rogue) but the AI gets pretty significant boosts to its economy and happiness which makes it kind of moot.That said, I still think the game is great.  The units are diverse, the asymmetrical balancing is rather good, and a lot of the racial specializations are nice to have.Things that I'd like to see in the next iteration:- Smarter, less cheesy AI- Proper siege mechanics- More emphasis on skirmishes/raiding- More cultural/racial buildings and the addition of monuments/wonders- Option for fast move in combat with online play"
76561198040735864,Recommended,226840,34757199,Posted: 5 September,all,ironluca,"This is a very good game. After a long time I am playing a true 4X. It can be compared to MAX2 and the earlier games which defined the gener. Intensely immersing, the 'one-more-turn' factor is present is full force. Fantastic game."
76561198048971654,Recommended,226840,17628829,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Cole Wilson,"Great game, totally worth it!"
76561198046448351,Recommended,226840,11578594,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,johnny.t.11,"great game, I played chess alot when I was a kid ""then it kind got boring""beacuse of the limitation of the game but age of wonder 3 brought back the fun to me with interactive chess like game! love it! bring us more......."
76561198021487494,Recommended,226840,11566044,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Jdm1640,"If you are a fan of the series, this is a must have.   It is more complex than previous version...and IMO far more challenging.The AI  offers up a pretty good fight in the early game...not so much when you have an army of t4 units rolling with your heroes.Tactical combat, though only fought on a handful of differnt maps, is still quite fun and the heart and soul of AoW3."
76561198007393877,Recommended,226840,26362594,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Naiphe,"Gameplay has me totally hooked.Graphics are pretty. The animations are really beautifully done and I love how each race/hero combination feels totally different.Sound is good. Music is a bit shallow but theres mods to add more music in.Character development is good. Civilization building is deep enough but this is a combat game mainly. That said there are many ways to win and you can adjust the winning conditions to your liking such as allied victory etc, it doesn't have to be to the death.The story mode seems like a lot of fun and theres many hours of content there. I enjoyed what I played of it, though I quickly went on to the random map generator which is absolutely fantastic! You can customise so many things in the game and the character creator is wonderful to play with.Theres plenty of mods to play about with on the workshop to improve things further.Basically all there is to say. Awesome sauce game <3 Highly recommend it.(I bought the xpacs too, so I can't speak for vanilla alone)"
76561197990562257,Recommended,226840,29195224,Posted: 11 January,all,BW,"Once you have maybe 10 hours of gameplay under your belt, you will start to appreciate the subtle changes that the upgradable heroes and combat mechanics bring, and thus the equally subtle innovations that Triumph Studios has made throughout the game. Age of Wonders III is not only a game about magic but it's a magical one at the very same time. Fight, invent, conjure, and enjoy its endless gaming possibilities."
76561198043174343,Recommended,226840,29196800,Posted: 11 January,all,Matty E,I have to say Age of Wonders 3 is.....Supercalafrgilisticexpealadosious! Really really great game. Its like romance of the three kindoms and WoW collided and formed this work of art!  Good Character design. Huge world to slowly build your Empire though the age's. Fun battle system to crush the tar out of the squash brain orc's. KILL ALL DE ORC'S! THEN WE BE FREE.10/10
76561198138846944,Recommended,226840,11145366,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,divineservant,"Really great game, I like the manual combat and the choice to auto it as well.It's just that, I have to pump a good 7-ish hours into a short game. it takes a while to get startedover all i say this is a good game worth the money."
76561197971266634,Recommended,226840,20774734,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,revjwh,"Amazing game.  One of the best out there.  It offers tons of variety, tons of replay.  It has a few glitches to be sure - but is overall a masterpiece!  Get it if you haven't yet!!!!!"
76561197983397675,Recommended,226840,33256747,Posted: 4 July,all,P i n e s s e =======>,Its good
76561197981610072,Recommended,226840,33417733,Posted: 9 July,all,space6ghost,"Great series, very enjoyable."
76561198044258921,Recommended,226840,27351476,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ccjesper,"Not bad, not bad at all. I'm not a big fan of 4x strategy games, mostly because I love me my single player, and it isn't too often that the story in games like this is especially satisfying. But, gosh darn it, this game knocks it out of the park, at least for its genre. Line it up against fallout 4 or whatever, and of course it's lacking in singleplayer components, but if you love this sort of game and just want to chill out and ♥♥♥♥ with some AI, this is the game for you."
76561198076459120,Recommended,226840,34361795,Posted: 19 August,all,Trotwood,Amazing
,Recommended,226840,10790590,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Xaneorath,"As fan of the Series since AoW1 the reader of this positive review might think, that I'd just be a good fanboy to a well made series. However after being frustreted with 2 other spinoff of Roundbased Game Series, AoW3 was a very positive surprise for me!Other than in those mentioned other ""improved"" game experiences, the developers took to heart the initial strengths of the game, and preserved them, while adding new concepts like the neutral cities and the commander classes.And so you can be pretty sure what to get: a solid Age of Wonders experience with various cool new Ideas built in.There are a few minor things I'm not too happy about.For once the actual number of neutral cities is rather low (4, I believe). When I first met those new type of cities, I imagined them being a core concept of the game, with having 8, or even a dozen of them, seeing as the count of playable races shrinked to 6 . I thought the big diversity of units we know from the predecessors just wandered off into neutrality.So I was kind of depressed to see that you mainly got those 4 neutral cities, and the positive ""first contact""-experience was just something for the first few maps.Later on however, I realized why the race count went down like that:The race you play is entwined with the class you choose, giving you certain racial units with custom skins, which do have some of the racial benefits, but are actually a boon from your class.This makes the effort to create an ingame race exponentialy as high as in the predecessors, and because of that, I can very well understand the seemingly low number of races.On the positive side however, it adds diversity to the game, since the playstyle is not only about racial pick and magical spheres anymore, but adds a third layer of personalisation through the classes.There are some other minor setbacks from the original series in my point of view: The number of buildings on the map to recruit neutral units has been reduced to 1 (tavern); There are randomized heroes with basic class startups to get, instead of the heroes from AoW2, which kind of grow on to you because of their funny descriptions, and their prepicked own advantages; And also the later stages of the campaign become incredibly hero-dependant due to the leveling commander-heroes and the neutral heroes you transfer from map to map.But enough nitpicking.If you enjoyed the predecessors or are generaly into well-balanced tactical round-based game experiences.. make sure to get this one! The classes and races are very well designed, and the campaigns are bit straightforward storywise, but still diversified and interesting. The few experiences I made with online gaming so far were positive as well."
,Recommended,226840,35239553,Posted: 27 September,all,wheats,"Turn based, fantasy 4X with a heavy focus on battles. You can play the battles as well!"
,Recommended,226840,31549669,Posted: 4 May,all,how DARE you,"If you like 4x you might like this.Economy and diplomacy are lacking, but really combat is lit."
,Recommended,226840,12221734,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,JonathanDorikt,"This game is great it has alot of cool fetures but hear are a few things i think would make this game even better:-More races, there are so many great fictional races you could have made optional in this game i hope to see more in future dlc. e.g you could make fish like creatures that could be the only race able to inhabit water tiles and a special unit could be cuthullu, mermaids (when touches a ship could ever fead or convert to your side unless a legend is present), you could also make this race weaker on land.-More detailed customisation, to be honest when i got to making my legend i got really disapointed as i was met by around about 3 face types and 3 clothing options for the human race as a male rouge. none of the faces even fit the charcter they all looked like middle aged men that spent their life in the pub, i wanted my guy to look like a young rouge with side swept hair who spent his time going inn to inn looking for some quick gold and hunted his own food.-More Diplomacy, when i made an aligence with an allies enemy i was no longer trusted and i could never win back that trust also it would be nice to convince each side to lay down their arms and be at peace or even make an alligence for the greater good.-Little things, you could make an option in game to send out a Job offer to legends letting you specify what you want (rouge, dreadnaught, warlord e.t.c.) this could cost more if you want, don't dispose of my spells if there is too much just make an extra page, Let the giant race expand and grow and provide more options for them and any other race you guys have done this to.Any way I had a great experience playing this game and it is now one of my favourite turn based game of all time."
,Recommended,226840,12287534,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,thivaz,"Updated: Eternal LordsNow, after the second expansion, Age of Wonders surpassed Crusaders Kings as the game I had played the most, so I could say it is now a great game.I would say it plays like Magic the gathering, if you throw away all that silliness about cards and instead you are a Powerful Ruler, with scores of fantasy armies to command and fanatasy enemies to conquer!-----At first I didn't like nor disliked this game; I thought it had some neat ideas but that didn't quite worked. I didn't ever try the campaigns: I bought this game for the random maps, to have an experience closer of a 4x game in a fantasy scenario.And it was so boring. I would literally fall asleep playing the game.Maybe I didn't ""get"" it at first, now that I bought The Golden Realms expansion and tried it again. The game looks a lot more solid. It is fun to play, the A.I. is competent in defending the new gameplay mechanics of Seals.With the expansion it isn't a great game yet , but is a very competent one."
,Recommended,226840,20283871,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Jaysus,"Great Combat, Strategy and City-Building"
76561198026300189,Recommended,226840,21398639,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Despiser,"Very addictive, which is surprising since I got bored of Fallen Enchantress so quick. Like Civ 5, this one hits the sweet spot in micromanagement"
,Recommended,226840,21607300,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Man444621,"Fantastic Game. Tactical combat is by far its best feature, along with intriguing lore and an amazing soundtrack. Empire building and diplomacy are there but not as indepth as games like civ 5. But you're getting this game for the battles."
,Recommended,226840,21768075,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Bluestrike,"The singleplayer campaign difficulty is a bit off, one mission can be very easy and the next extremely difficult.Overall a fun game but requires more time to play then I can currently spare."
76561198030824996,Recommended,226840,23233792,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,towerwizard,"Great game, huge replayability and variability.It takes a lot of time to get the hang of, though, and some strange design decisions have been made. Overall, though, the game is very entertaining!"
76561198071365690,Recommended,226840,23462685,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Lord Dread,"Love this game!!!!! good storys good customizations for heroes. i like the customization for the armors, weapons, and items you can create in the cities, they are a little limited but good none the less."
76561197970432545,Recommended,226840,11954066,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Jack_Staynes,30 Hours in and the game is still showing me more hidden depth. Hexed based world maps mixed with tactical battles and the ability to level up your troops and heroes gives me everything I could ask for and more.
,Recommended,226840,11959365,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Richard Brown,"i loved the old Age Of Wonders, this game is very good,waiting for the new add on DLC as will add even more good stuff to the gamethe combat is very good, like the using each unit to fight,Well worth a buy"
,Recommended,226840,12150862,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Bodie,"A very decent reboot that stays remarkably faithful to the original games and definitely has that AoW feeling - many of the units and mechanics are in fact the same as the Shadow Magic days. Veterans can certainly skip the tutorial - you've been here before.Great turn-based strategy that's as addictive and deep as the best of them, lovely visuals and an enjoyable fantasy world that is oddly convincing whilst not massively original.A must-buy for any Heroes of Might and Magic fans, and there's even plenty here for Civ fans, lovers of tactical turn-based combat and 4X strategy.One of the best blends of fantasy strategy out there. If you're tempted, i don't think you'll be disappointed"
76561198006537457,Recommended,226840,12154535,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Varangian,"Great throw back to the original but with many new twists. Hard mode is truly hard. Each race is unique and each class is unique. Combine that with the many neutral monsters throughout the world map and you have a game with more enemy variety than most MMOs. The campaign is dynamic compared to most modern strategy games. Sadly it is not as dynamic as the original game, either way they do a pretty good job. The storyline itself is unique and well narrated. All in all AOW III is by far one of the best games in its genre. The only criticism I have is with the genre itself and that is games and the campaign take a long time.Excellent game. Buy it for 50% off ftw."
76561198002975275,Recommended,226840,12160723,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,[XoO]Haibane,Like the good old days !Not as good as shadow magic but close enough !
,Recommended,226840,12179305,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Zergash,It's really an awesome game! I just hope they bring back some of the other Races from the previous titles in upcoming DLCs
76561198074262194,Recommended,226840,12184346,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Flik the Changeling,"I must say game is mix of civilization games and Heroes might and magic games... Its very good I must say. Could be better with more maps and civ options but I still really worth buying and playing. AI of enemy is really good. I love the graphics and battle system. 1 Thing I would add would be something like make custom heroes as well. Like some sort of tavern where you could make own heroes like the king one. Looks, skills and names rather than random occasional hero to join your campagin"
76561197987350411,Recommended,226840,12187099,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Shawn of the Dead,"Fun game. Visuals are nice. The combat interface has improved since AOW2. The additions of classes is also nice, but I am not sure they are well balanced yet. Also, some of the campaign scenarios can be brutal, even on lower difficulty settings. Still, A fun game."
,Recommended,226840,12192739,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ilysanth,"This game is a wonderful continuation for a long-time fan of Age of Wonders.  It polishes up what was lacking in the previous games while also bringing in welcome changes such as removing forced alignment from players and new spells.However, one of the most glaring issues with this game is that it suffers from you not buying the entire game.  While this isn't a severe problem for this game specifically compared to other games, it will not be as complete as older games.  There are not as much races (you can complete the race splash by buying DLC), not as much content, not as much pre-made scenarios, etc. than the previous games.  It feels like the game was intentionally cut up to serve the players the rest of the content with DLC.If you can live with the DLC, this is a fantastic game to buy."
76561198038831518,Recommended,226840,12194794,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Bipolar Moose,"Game has Dire Penguins. Local Turn Based Gameplay. Access to the Steam Workshop which does its stuff good. Yeah, it's pretty fun.Also, you can have an army of golems and cannons fighting Dire Penguins.10/10"
76561197986481341,Recommended,226840,12208742,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Homersan,Just when you thought they'd achieved perfection with Age of Wonders II : Shadow Magic... they bring you Age of Wonders III. Fans have been waiting in agony for about 10 years for this title and man did they deliver!! If you want to spend your money and time on a good game and you're not sure which... don't hesitate and buy this one!! You shant regret it!!!
76561198039974920,Recommended,226840,12228858,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,devanst,"Did you or do you love the Heroes Might and Magic games?!Did you or do you love the Disciples games?! (I have heard bade things about Ressurection so ignore that one!)Then you will LOVE this game! Do not fret so much on the people talking so negatively about this game.If you love long hours for one game (I have been playing the second campain mission for days now. Yea its that intense)building or taking over cities to widen your territory for more resources, and intense turn-based battles (or auto-battle), get this game!It has the large maps of Heroes, with the army formations of Disciples--- (6 whatevers per army including heroes and its not quantity like the 'zongz' or 'hordes' in Heroes, only one each unit (althought there can be 1,3, or 6 ""people"" in one unit formation)and instead of changing like they do in Disciples, they ""level up"" and get stronger.)--- while adding its own spin. You can make builders and settlers that make roads, cities, forts, and watchtowers. Its own spells and such.Like Heroes you have all kinds of spells you can research and use (although you do not have to build a mage guild). Unlike Heroes you do not ""go into"" a city, a panel just pops up and you select it. Although the city look does change over time. Sort of like a TW 2 Rome, where little houses spread out around it.So who really wants to read every little detail. You can go watch Youtube vidoes of actaul gameplay right? Games like these arnt for gamers who want a Ryse Rome kind of game. A salute my fellow, slowly take over every inch of the map and clear it out, plus build it all up how you want, gamers! Go Warcraft 1-3 and BFME games XDI will say, at first I regretted buying this. OMG why did I buy this when I can just play my Disciples II and have basically the same thing. HA! Discpiles is (while I have not played the new one from this year (2014..drool....) no where near as intense and LONG (again think Heroes!) as AoW. Granted it is limited. Each race has the exact same building, and each unit while looks, attributes and powers are different, each tier or class (Tier 1 Calvary or Tier 3 Archer) is comparribly the same.If you want a good, intense, in depth fighting game that you can or want to spend huge amount of time -------(I have put in 17.5 hours as I post this, maybe 2 of which was on the first mission, the rest on the second campain mission AND I am only half way through the map....well the top level anyhow ;) I have barely done anything on the under level. OH I FORGOT! With builders or special units like the giant beetle you can 'dig; through certain walls and explore more, while more or less combining the whole under level....be careful you arnt the only one who can :P)-------- get this game!Even do like me and put it on your wishlist and wait for a sale.Hope this helped. Feel free to ask any questions to me!If you do not know what Heroes is OR Discplis. Go explore and enjoy:) Trust me. You will love it."
76561198010539119,Recommended,226840,12248716,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Afro Fish,"Great game, renewing an excellent series."
76561197989523074,Recommended,226840,12271779,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,GreyCoyote,"This title reminds me of the Heros of Might and Magic series and has many similarities to it.  Fans of it will likely enjoy Age of Wonders as well.  It improves on the familiar formula with ideas from other strategy games such as cities which expand over time and generate income from resources withing their spheres of infulence.  Unlike Heroes you are able to estlablish new cities on the map as well as fortifications and road networks.  Armies made up completely of flying units are able to cross lakes and mountains and terraforming spells can improve your territory or ruin your enemy's, effecting the morale of cities, which have terrian preferences and dislikes depending on their racial characteristics.  A unified research system unlocks new spells, units, traits, abilities, etc.  Like heroes the map has an overworld and underworld providing difficult stategic oppertunities for surprise attacks and shortcuts.  Unlike Heros, multiple armies in adjactent hexes can participate in the same battle for epic scale combat and seige warfare.  Multiple unique army leaders can band together into a fighting unit along with expendable military units in groupings of up to six, and will fight alongside their troops in battle as cavalry units capable of both ranged and melee attacks as well as spells and special abilities.  Leaders also gain experience and can be improved with increased stats and other perks upon leveling up.  Familiar fantasy races compete in this setting such as Elves, Orcs, Draconians, Dwarves, and Undead, amoung others.  Two campains are available with the game as well as custom maps and multiplayer options."
,Recommended,226840,19336643,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Acrux,"Really laid back game. In the 90 minutes that I played I just got a sip of what the games potential is. Combat is easy it has a real DnD styled turn base if you do manual combat and a auto resolve. City managment is fun. Well worth the 10 bucks i picked it up for, and it would have been worth the 30 in my opinion."
,Recommended,226840,19487580,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Death Fox,I love this game.  I played it for like a week. I recommend it to people who like to play games for a week.
76561198208817415,Recommended,226840,19509758,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,C'est la vie,really nice to play
76561198131514394,Recommended,226840,19539753,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ZVarwig,"Great game, highly recommend, big fan of this turn based strategy genre"
76561198024458396,Recommended,226840,19657972,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,APEX,"This game has become so much ""YESSSSSS!"".I considder AoW3, including it's DLCs ""Eternal Lord Expansion"" and ""Golden Realms Expansion"" a must-have for anyone who loves him some Strategy and tactics, mixed with a little bit of RPG.* The Main-Game without those DLCs is nice, but lacks content in comparison with the old AoW or AoW2. Not being bad itself, it's pretty bland. Technically: *Do your Main-Thing and win*.* The DLC: Golden Realms introduces some minor appetizers, giving you some features to play around with.* The DLC: Etermal Lords is, by far, among the best DLCs delivered for any game, if you'd ask me. Just for being able to play undead kitties makes this worthwhile.* The DLC:Dunno the name, is like ""Okay."". Rather a personal achievement for throwing out money, but still: Content is content.I recommend it.Except in the case of: You only buy the maingame.This may or may not give you a bad perspective of the game, which actually has alot of possibilities.It is nice and you will, someday, know that too."
76561197987668595,Recommended,226840,20191912,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Cervantes,"The best 4X heroic-fantasy themed game on the market, especially since Might & Magic is pretty much garbage nowadays. Age of Wonders III managed to stay true to the roots of the game while adding in new fun mechanics and content. It's a charming game, set in a colorful and vibrant classic fantasy universe. Well worth its price, along with its expansions, if you liked Heroes of Might & Magic or want a change from Civilization/Total War."
76561198162233581,Recommended,226840,20211901,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,cdhewko,I really don't understand why I come back to play this game over and over.  I suspect it's because it's like Civilization in it's set up.  Anyway it's fun for a game every once and a while if you like strategy games.  Wastes lots of my time.  :)
76561198006713620,Recommended,226840,20632786,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Fugi,I really like this game. It is wonderful.
76561198031273567,Recommended,226840,20845513,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,HawkofChiron,"This game is amazing!  It has the good elements of al the newest fantasy strategy games, but with a great story and campaiign to go with.   You can just tell the developers really put thier hearts and heads into the combat system, as well.  Fabulous!"
,Recommended,226840,21663137,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Natwist,"Simply loved playing an Age of Wonders Game again, and it was worth it.  I recommend starting out in the Campaign."
76561198022148163,Recommended,226840,22005842,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,stevenschur,"Interesting game with a good campaign.  It isn't amazing, but it is worth playing through once."
,Recommended,226840,22072475,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Apron,Fantasy Sid Meier's Civ 10/10
76561198152538624,Recommended,226840,22394278,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Overlinxx,"It is deep, envolving and full of options and details. As a player of all the AoW editions, I may say that this one is a masterpiece. For experienced players it is easy to keep playing, but for begginers, the tutorial is mandatory. I just can't stop playing this game!"
76561198065811826,Recommended,226840,22476244,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,irishbulldog81,I've only played for 3 hours....and I'm hooked!! I am a Mac user and it's about time to be playing an EXCELLENT fantasy 4X game!! Truly Age of Wonders III is the twin sibling of the Heroes of Might and Magic series! I've never played the previous Age of Wonders games but this one is a JEWEL! I've been a fan and player of Heroes of Might and Magic since 1995 and this game brings back all the entertainment that the original Heroes of Might and Magic trilogy gave me! Get this game you will not be dissapointed I promise you! Loads of fun and entertainment!
,Recommended,226840,23076721,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Wind,"Great game for those who like turn based combat with a high fantasy setting.There are many races (human, goblin, elves, etc.) that you can combine with different classes (rouge, socerer, dreadnought, etc.) and then with a specialization (fire, water, creation, destruction, etc.).Each combination requires different strategies and plays very unique.I personally enjoyed playing as an air specialized frostling nacromancer (DLC), where I convert the whole land into ice field, turn enemies into ghouls, and march the land with an army of undead.  There more death the more powerful a nacromancer.The presentation of the game is very good and very polished.The single player campaign is a bit lacking, as the random map mode is where this game shines (similar to Civilization 5).Unlike Civilization series, Age of Wonders 3 focus on combat in a tatical map.The tatical maps are very detailed and reflect the tiles of the strategic map that the units were on.Units have many abilities.  Player can also have hero units with RPG upgrade elements.There are only very basic diplomacy and empire building, but the battle is where this game produce the most enjoyment.The DLCs are also very wonderful and included new races to play that really expanded the experience of this game.If you like high fantasy settings (dragons, trolls, goblins, dwarves, elves, kights, magic and so on), then do give this game a try."
76561198215723295,Recommended,226840,23194692,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Aramis Night,"I have been playing alot of RTS and 4X games lately. This one is actually my favorite. The campaign is rather challenging, but the random scenarios are great for having a more relaxed game. I especially love the unit diversity among the races, as well as the various special units you get access to for building capture, as well as summoned units based on class. The hero units are also well done with great variety. Not only would i recommend this game on sale as well as full price, but i would have been willing to pay $60 for it if i knew how good it was. Fortunately no one will have to.I have never played the earlier games in the series, but i will defintly throw money at a 4th Age of Wonders if it is anywhere near this good."
76561198039503198,Recommended,226840,23210462,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,rowdy yobbo,"Notes: not a 4x grognard, haven't played on highest settings.This is a great turn based 4x strategy game.  It has a good tippiness toward the end, minimizing the endgame grind. Good variation among the factions especially with the expansions.   The luck factor is annoying, but the rest of the modifiers are fine to good.  Really one of the best 4xes I've played."
76561197961552416,Recommended,226840,23219293,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Major Von Schoff,I really enjoyed this game.  Reminded me of hex based games of days past such as Master of Magic.  The battles were great and the strategy map was fun.  Lots of different units and battle situations.  It's a game I qill be returning to year after year when the current ones get dull.
76561198087543759,Recommended,226840,23221478,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,White Knight,"Awesome game, but if you intend to buy this, forget about Civ. This isn't Civ, there's just some similiarities (I mean, this game is not a copy of Civ with Dragons), and with Might and Magic as well. If you like those two games, I recommend you watch AoW3 gameplays and see if it is for your taste.+Beautiful world+Variety of races & monsters+awesome OST-Font size on box and tips are very small.-/+ The DLCs are too expensive, I bought all the package cause of Civ (in this one, you have the complete game experience after getting the DLCs). In AoW, for what I searched, the DLCs are (good) expansions."
76561198011573564,Recommended,226840,23225943,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Dogan,"If you love heroes of might and magic 3&4 and you are dissappointed with hom 5&6&7, you will like this one. I strongly recommend you to get it."
76561198026222122,Recommended,226840,18775618,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,papermate117,fun af
76561197993472029,Recommended,226840,19089300,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Dracanoth,Really enjoyable turn based strategy game up there with the best.
,Recommended,226840,19306033,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,MattDP,great game
76561198054220774,Recommended,226840,19406817,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,karum,Good game. Although the map editor needs some major fixes to be easier for use.
76561198188840157,Recommended,226840,19523705,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,golfleme,"Amazing game.I've played (and bought) all the titles of the Age of Wonder serie and the latest is very very good.The conjunction of classes & races allow a large variety of strategy to win. No more uber stacks as in the previous titles, the devs have done a great job to balance all the stuff The mod system is very powerful. and allow even more variety in the play style!  the AI is quite smart so even in solo play you have a good challenge ; ""cherry on the cake"" the random map generator is good.If you're looking for a very good game with a long durability, you have found it!"
76561197970351894,Recommended,226840,19769718,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,KillaBot,Extremely fun and addictive.  Would recommend.
76561198109280270,Recommended,226840,19833511,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,swalk10,"One of my 10 favorite games, ever, and I have played a ton of games."
76561198014746664,Recommended,226840,19948032,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Legion 2-3 Golf,"I love this game, the units are great, sub factions are larger than in other games (Kinda like the city states in civ) You get to have a hero that you can fully level and customize. Explore dungeons for rewards and play multiplayer with friends.Fully customize your race.Great graphics.Terrain makes a HUGE differance depending on the modifiers of your hero and units.The manual combat is very fun and interactive. (Turn based also)One thing to note, the AI is very easy even on the hardest difficulty level. If you want a challenge play with your friends or online with other people. I do hope the devs make the AI harder in the future."
,Recommended,226840,20053797,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hubertus,"Very good mix of Civ and HOMM! Graphics are great for turn-based strategy. Only played a few hours but was loads of fun, the online community is mostly helpful and friendly and play by mail is a great thing more games like this should have (yes I am looking at you HOMM7!!)Overall worth the money especially in sale."
,Recommended,226840,20056210,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Regulus,Solid 4x game with an emphasis on tactical battles. If you enjoyed the prior Age of Wonders you'll love this.
76561198003393244,Recommended,226840,20683503,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Chef0Death88,"Dont let the hours fool you, Ive spent monumental hours with this gem offline. I wish i had played the olde rgames in the series sooner, but as a life ling Heroes of Might and  Magic player this game is gold!!! So much content and one of my favourite features random map generation! A true 4X turn bnased strategy must own!"
76561198031410575,Recommended,226840,20734974,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,delphenium,"I am partway through my fist co-op game with my g/f (9 hour straight play session...), and I am hooked. Its my first foray into 'age of wonders', but its pretty easy to figure out whats what if you are familiar with Civ (the UI is very similar).I like the option to simulate battles or play them out, it lets our game move along at a nice pace for the little not-so-important battles against misc defenders, but lets you have epic battles played out manually when it matters.There are a ton of different (awesome) creatures that can make up your army, and I get a great kick out of attacking someone with my army of snakes, spiders, dire pengiuns and an ogre :)All in all, highly enjoyable."
,Recommended,226840,21193692,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Red Goblin,"Total War style game play in a fantasy universe, done right."
,Recommended,226840,21313193,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,AWildKuei,"The end game is not very good due to a lack of diverse choice. There's only one or two end game unit available per game and because theyre strongest, the AI spams this strongest unit available so all you see after a certain point is armies of the same dude.What better strategy than to survive til late game and then spam shadows who each have a 80% damage reduction buff and just bulldoze everyone else?That said, the running around map explorations and leveling your heros and collecting treasures is pretty satisfying.The big big battles involving multiple full-stacked units is too, when you finally decide to stop adventuring and actually ending the game.Would I buy this base game at full price $30 again? Probably not, truth be told, but definitely on discount. And, with the DLCs for sure. The game is jarringly upfront about it being incomplete (smirks at you for only having the base game).I'm going to buy those DLCs now. Can't stand another sight of the cat and necromancers pictures knowing full well I can't play those (yet)."
76561197974214451,Recommended,226840,21622209,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,HeadHumper,"Seriously good 4x4 game! Very action focused as opposed to a town builder. If you like games like HoMM 3, you will like this game."
76561198289981691,Recommended,226840,22016809,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Lazypenguin,i would only recomend this game if you are quick to learn controls. and or love turn based stradegy games. so what i'm saying is it's not for every one but what I have played so far i really like. the charcter customization kinda reminds me of world of warcraft.but otherwise great game.  I give it an 8/10
,Recommended,226840,22027251,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Icey Azoth,It's so shiny.
76561197977871474,Recommended,226840,22322292,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,CodenameV,This game is awesome. Think of the best things from Heroes 3 + city building and tons of other cool mechanics. I'm loving it.
,Recommended,226840,22341899,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Lord Commissar Vect,"Look at my play time, this is a good game! Best played with the two dlc packs though."
,Recommended,226840,23242043,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Vaps-X-Shot(ProNub),This game is flat out amazing. Played it with a couple friend and i would have to say multiplayer is completely flawless from what i saw whilst playing the game. The same can be said about solo player. 8/10. I bought it on sale but if I would've known how great this game was i would have bought it full price no problem.I recommend this game to anyone who likes playing turn based strategy games or just any form of strategy game.This game had me constantly asking myself for one for turn then I will close the game but I just couldn't. It is addictive to a scale in which I would play this for a couple hours nonstop and not notice how much time had even gone past.I also have to say I love the local clock situated in the bottom left.
76561198074485482,Recommended,226840,12184466,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Hand Cannon,"I really thought this game was  letdown.  Sorry, Triumph, but what I liked about this game series was the epic-level wizardry, and you've totally dumbed it down.  It really all comes down to the downgrade from domain-level spell to city-level.  Now you cast the same spell over and over, only to have the compy players dispel it randomly around your empire.  The troops are all weaker, too.  Playing daconians?  No red dragons for you.  Your best unit is now... flyers.  Yay.  It's like they cut the best options out and then expect you to be happier with  the stupid bottom tier troops.  Oh, and your wizard (or whatever) is now just another hero.Maybe you'll get some of the old awesomeness back with an expansion or something, but right now, though, if you're looking for an epic sequel.  Look elsewhere.  This is decidedly NOT epic."
76561198007437062,Recommended,226840,12208180,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Metatron7777,"To those who love games like Final Fantasy Tactics, Tactics Ogre, XCOM, etc..., I would highly recommend this game. It takes the core elements of great tactics style RPGs, and throws them inside a slightly simplified empire building game a la Civilization V.I can acknowledge that the strategic portion of the game lacks some of the depth that can be found in the most hardcore strategy games, but I do not feel this is a flaw. One of the greatest games ever devised, Chess, has only 6 unique pieces, and in its standard style of play, only allows for 1v1 competition. There is a delightfully simple elegance to the units and technologies available in AoWIII (which offer many more choices than Chess). Taken from a purely turn-based strategy game perspective, they would seem shallow compared to the game's peers, but in the context of a deep turn-based tactical RPG (with heroes levelling from 1-30, earning skill points to allocate each level, and spells to research, and gear to equip) it is plenty complex enough.My favorite thing about this game is how amazingly stable my multiplayer experience has been.  My first time launching online multiplayer, it checked my connectivity rating, and told me it was poor due to firewall settings. I clicked a link provided in-game, and in a totally crisp and not buggy fashion, minimized my client and sent me to the company's help page, wherein I was given the neccessary port to forward. I did so, had the game check again, and was good to go. A friend and I have long searched for a good co-operative tactical RPG experience. The best I have yet found was FFT: The Lion War for PSP. It's a shame that a hand-held game system has trumped PC for so long in this niche. XCOM lacks co-op campaign functionality, Eador is horribly buggy and unstable, and the others I've tried are all crumby. In AoWIII, I've found that harmonious combination of enjoyable gameplay and completely (and I mean 8 straight hours of addictive, no crashes or disconnections) stable multiplayer.Watch some videos of this game and decide if it suits your interests, but as for my opinion, I can give this one an A+."
,Recommended,226840,12283268,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Braedon,"I don't even know where to begin to describe the high amount of production quality and really how deep this game is. To start its fair to say this game is the offspring of Civilization 5 and XCOM: Enemy Unknown all set in a fantasy realm with magic and different races. You have large scale geographically diverse maps that allow you to build individual cities and armies to form a massive empire. Strategy and tactics have to be considered as all combat is done in standalone battlefields, not the overworld. The tile of the defender determines the actual battlefield; I was on attacked on a bridge, outnumbered 2:1 and I won the fight because I funneled the attackers onto this narrow bridge and let them have it. Age of Wonders 3 merges the best things about Civilization 5 and tactical games like XCOM to make a game that really reminds of you the choices you've made and the paths you lead.Pros:- Stunning graphics- In depth tactical battles- Intelligent AI- Varied multi-tier units and spells/abilities- Robust leader customization- Two campaigns; divided by difficulty and are very lengthy- Features Underground tunnels/caves to add an extra layer to the map- Alt+Tab friendly :)Cons- Steep learning curve, most advanced concepts aren't taught in the campaign until you've learned them the hard way- DRM online only, have to sign up for a third-party account to play- May take over your entire day if not carefulFinal Score = 90% / 100%"
,Recommended,226840,19470892,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Krimsynn,Wonderful game if you like fantasy and strategy
76561198036156532,Recommended,226840,20103136,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,kskirkham,decent strategy game.
,Recommended,226840,20157647,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Land Moose,"The game I didn't know I was looking for. As a young man I loved Lords of Magic despite its many faults, and this game succeeds in delivering a fantasy strategy game with a good amount of turn-based tactical combat layered onto a fairly simple empire-management system.If I had to criticize, I'd say that defeating the campaigns relies a little too heavily on mass-produced cannon fodder than I'd like, as I prefer cruising with one super-army of elite troops and superior tactics to the war of attrition the AI plays for. This need is fulfilled by setting up a custom scenario and basically dungeon-crawling through the world."
76561198051936655,Recommended,226840,20158027,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SlowD,Favorite turn-base game
76561198031101166,Recommended,226840,20167413,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ateleiotos,Awesome! Can't stop playing.
,Recommended,226840,20479355,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,all the harakiri,"really good for escapism, but theres no real point in building up new cities due to the fact the next one you can just go an conquer is so god damn close. the tactical system is okay but better ones have been made, still a nice direction. would recommend if its on sale and the setting appeals to you."
76561198033321486,Recommended,226840,21795103,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,For23,One of the best strategy games available.
76561198006905006,Recommended,226840,22157490,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,max_thornhill,"This is still my favourite TBS/RPG. I just wish there were more hours in the day so that I could finish the campaigns!If you like TBS, city building with Hero development and rpg, then this is a must buy."
76561197962480477,Recommended,226840,23232987,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Dadgum,"One of the best TBS games of all time. Pays homage to MoM, but is better for all around addiction and playability. My favorite features of this game is the team combat option and the map view at full zoom. Everyone should have this game in your library."
76561198098074503,Recommended,226840,23398211,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Willeminc,"I'm a bit biased, been a fan of the franchise since i was little, but this game is really good.Pro's:- Lot's and lot's of different customisations, giving you the opportunity to enjoy a different game each game- Campaign is fun, but the multiplayer works like a treat, different settings give you an option to view what your allies are doing, or just kick your friends asses with your army of the allmighty baby shock serpents- Simultanious turns are fun if you play with friends- A load of different units and unit types, the classes work a treat giving you even more options to play the game you want to play- scenario's, random maps, the works for a turn-based strat.Cons:- It can be a bit frustrating to be attacked by 5 archon titans- Or bone dragons- Or queen spidersBut hey, it's a fun strategy game, a multiplayer game can be done in about 60 turns if you're playing mellow. You can customize a lot, meaning you can set up your random map for a fast game, or slow.And it has baby shock serpents.Best AOW in my opinion, 8/10"
,Recommended,226840,23479472,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,JBomb027,"Age of Wonders III is an incredibly fun, turn-based strategy game that is formed around its ""deep fantasy"" theme. Rather than progressing through a series of eras, as other popular turn-based, world-domination strategy games do, this game puts the player in charge of one of many fantasy races and it is the player's job to push their people to victory.One mechanical element that draws me to this game, and one that is fairly unique to AoW3 (as far as I know), is the tactical hex-based combat. Unlike the Civilization series (which I also recommend), AoW3 allows players to take direct control over their armies when they are engaged in combat with enemy forces. Instead of forcing an odds-based animation and resolution of the battle (which is still an option, but not required), the game allows players to enter into a battlefield that is generated based on the terrain types of the embattled hex as well as its special features and those of the neighboring hexes. This provides tactically savvy players the opportunity to achieve satisfying victories in the face of almost guaranteed auto-resolve defeats.Another element of the game that I find quite satisfying is the ability to create your own hero character who serves as your civilization's leader for the duration of the game. There are a significant number of races, classes, and looks based on each of those that players can choose from, and there's even a rudimentary skill selection process for your leader that can help players who want to lead their race by pursuing a certain playstyle during their game. These leader units not only represent your race in diplomatic encounters with other players, but they also serve as actual, usable units on the battlefield that can lead players' forces to gallant victories (or crushing defeats).The base game has a lot to explore for new players, so definitely start with that if you're just trying the game out. Once you get the hang of it, and also develop an inevitable liking for the game, I would highly recommend the DLC that introduces new races and campaigns. This DLC adds to the already numerous choices for leaders, races, and playstyles, and should give players who like the campaigns many more hours of content to play through."
76561198136767409,Recommended,226840,25320097,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,isuruspaucus,GG. Great Game.
,Recommended,226840,9729836,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Råb!d,"The game has great promise and is initially fun to play.  The campaigns are kind of fun.  There is no real story behind the campaigns, from what I've seen so far.  The graphics are very good.However, after several games played through to the end, you will find that they all wind up coming down to the same thing, a bunch of the same types of units slugging it out.The game only has about 2 dozen playable units, but they changed the names slightly (depending on race) and changed the appearance.  Example Dwarf Manticore Rider, Draconian Manticore Rider, Elven Manticore Rider.  They all have almost the same stats, but look different.  The racial differences are too insignificant to make a difference.  The spells and traits, although there are many types, are for the most part not enough to make up for the overwhelming power of Tier IV and above units.  You can use different battle tactics, such as flanking, and get a bonus on your attack.  Currently, wounded units fight at full strength.  Heroes are limited in how many can be acquired in the game, but you can have as many other units as you can afford.The balance is horrible overall.Instead of creating a complex version of Rock, Paper, Scissors, they made it so it is just a bunch of Rocks fighting it out.  The rocks all look different!  But they are still Rocks.Every high quality strategic and tactical game out there is designed in such a way that the units/skills/abilities/spells are either complimentary to one another, or a counter to one another.  These high quality games have tremendous depth because there are so many options in how the game is played.  They understand that there should be strengths and weaknesses to almost all choices.  If, for example, I rushed in with a bunch of tanks I would get chewed up by the anti-tank helocoptors, which are themselves weak to anti-air units, etc.AOW III does not really do this.  Instead it is a slug fest between the hardest hitting, high hitpoint units.  Basically, it's just a bunch of tanks fighting it out.  Booorrring.I really want to like this game...*Update* I'm still playing it, bugs and all.  Until they balance the game better and offer more depth, I will continue to give it a thumbs down."
,Recommended,226840,12145743,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ddlint67,"With the strategic and tactical mix, AoW3 has that Master of Magic feel while retaining the familiarity of the AoW 1 and 2 games.  I have enjoyed this game very much.  The classes seem to be very similar and playing them doesn't really require a different strategy for each.  Fewer balanced classes that played differently would have been more enjoyable but very few games have ever gotten that formula right.  I also find that occasionally I can win a difficult battle with autocombat ex:  (two six man armies each led by a hero against four fliers and a hunter in a city) that I couldn't win manually and vice versa ex: (I beat an eight man army lead by a hero with three elven archers).  Not sure what that's about but if I redo a battle a bunch of times and get my butt kicked I can occasionally win it with autocombat.  Also a little frustrating when my hero doesn't get disjunction to research during a random game but oh well makes for a challenge."
,Recommended,226840,12151139,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,[OO] EnigmaX,Good game.  More combat focused than city management.  Hero development is fun and alters gameplay for the army they are in.  Nice production.  Have not played 1.4 or DLC yet.  Here's hoping they continue to develop the game.
76561198006797916,Recommended,226840,12181066,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,rdonzells,I love AoW3 but there is one thing I'd change if I could--the camera controls on the battle screen to rotate the view are backwards from all the other games I've played and there seems to be no way to tell the game to reverse it so it's caused me no end of frustration.  The option to reverse the mouse screen rotate would be awesome!
76561198024858327,Recommended,226840,12284499,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,setty17,great game. similar to civilization but with more customization of leaders and hands-on battles. really fun
76561198025812610,Recommended,226840,19642268,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Schwarzpferd,"This is truely an amazing game and a great entry into the age of wonders series. It is very well done all-around with great replayablity. It makes not having a girlfriend totally okay :)The only downside is I had to apologize to my family. Turns out they were sleeping the first time I had Chaos rift cast on me by another player.* No matter how hard you try to explain that the spell is op as all get-out people still think there is no justification for yelling so loudly in anger that you woke them up at 2:00 AM :(10/10 would totally take this game too seriously again and keep playing.*No computer equipment was damaged or broken at the raging at this op spell, surprisingly."
76561198073755634,Recommended,226840,19780513,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,r-cane,Solid and fun game that let's you spend a lot of time thanks to great replayability.
,Recommended,226840,19873612,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Iconoclasm_,It consumed hours of my time ever since I got it. It is endlessly addicting and amazing. You can basically create your own faction.
,Recommended,226840,20367841,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Seethe,"Underrated game with plenty of customization and nice synergies. One of the few games where you can play as the undead with any race. Pretty easy to learn, and it has a lot of replayability, with only the campaigns being boring.Be warned, a significant chunk of negative reviews are written by dimwits who think that this game is trying to be like Civ, or expect it to be fantasy Civ."
76561198022349339,Recommended,226840,20443821,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,spygian,"If you like the Heroes of Might & Magic series, you will feel right at home here. More available choices, an intro campaign for those you like to ease into the experience!"
76561197970402997,Recommended,226840,21253642,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,DirtyBigShot,Where do I start...let me first say this game has definitely bkown away my expectations and what a turn based game should be. I have been a follower of the Heroes of Might and Magic series since the beginning. Developers at the Heroes camp need to take a page out of this book and use it. The biggest thing I like about this game is the option to ally with either a human or AI opponent and then play on whatever map you like. There are no restrictions to this at all. Just like in Civ games where all the options are open and you create the game for how you want to play. Same thing here. Being able to go around the map with your hero and its accompanied army just seeking out riches and enemy armies is so cool. Also your allies can travel with you and go into battle with you. First time I have ever seen that implemented into a game before. Juat imagine taking on a enemy faction along with your buddy online or hotseat taking on whatever came your way. Casting spells and supporting each other. This game does it right. I recommend to anyone this series of games. Plus two huge dlc addons available as well. Can't wait to take anothwr turn!
76561198065652452,Recommended,226840,21509873,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Defenderpilot,"Age of Wonders 3 is an excellent 4X strategy game that is hard to learn, but rewarding to play. Compared to other games of it's type, AW3 offers a much deeper combat system and a wide veriety of strategies and compositions. If you have a lot of spare time, love/are interested in grand strategy titles, and/or like the themes of traitional medieval fantacy, I would highly reccomend this game.Pros:- Excellent turn based combat system that favors strategy over raw stats- Races and Classes feel unique to play and favor sometimes wildly different strategies. Lots of options.- Optional, yet deep, character customization.- The world is fun to explore - and very rewarding. There's always something productive to do.- DLC adds game changing elements that are worth investing in if you enjoy the base game- You CAN add more races into your empire, leading to even more wild compositions- Campaign mode offers a more flavorful world, and each unit has a flavorful story tied to it. World is more immersive.Cons:- Some race/class combinations are much weaker than others.- Tutorial is very bad - game is hard to learn, and harder to understand.- Campaign maps favor rush tatics over late game strategies. Also, unfathomable gaps exist between difficult levels (easy being almost braindead, and normal being infuriatingly hard.)- Barebones diplomacy system.- The base game its all about domination. Mre options are availible with DLC, but I would advise rushing to buy something if you don't know whether or not its right for you.- Cities lack much thematic diversity, are like the diplomatic system are more barebone.- No ""just one more turn"" button.I give Age of Wonders 3 a 9/10. Its pros outweigh almost all of its cons, and with a more in depth diplomacy system and optional post victory gameplay, it could easily have earned a 10/10 from me."
76561197981625158,Recommended,226840,21915925,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,CrossTrain,"So, I just finished my very first complete game scenario (and won!). And I must say I love this game. I took my time, watched some how-to videos (a couple hours worth) to figure it out, and enjoyed the heck out of it. There is a defnite uphill learning curve to it, But those youtube vids were great in helping me figure out combat, spells, upgrades to empire, cities, units, etc. While I have come to enjoy turn-based strategy games, fantasy games have never been my bag. So the fact that I couldn't put this down once I found the rhythm of the game says much. In fact I am thinking seriously about buying the DLC to give it another playthrough with some of the new classes/races. Then again, I just made a Human Theocrat because I kind of fell (several times, LOL) for the enemy Human Succubus's I came across in the game. So, I may just give them a go. 8/9 out of 10. Def worth playing!"
76561198030992775,Recommended,226840,22134270,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,alansmith2,"Really enoy this game.  Bought it because another game I wanted to purchase got bad reviews and doest not seem to have been fixed.  I like the mix of city/empire building, the numerous options for heroes, and the strategic combat in this game.   There is also a reasonable amount of user created content that is easy to install and manage within the game.  The campaigns are fun and the random map generator has made some fun maps.   This is one of those games that has amazing replayability.   Put it on your wish list and get it on sale."
,Recommended,226840,23202812,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Daoist Sexual Alchemy,"Age of Wonders III is in many ways the true successor to Master of Magic. The overworld and spell research sections are very good, with plenty of options for replayability and difficult choices. But where the game really shines is in the tactical battles. The wide variety of units and abilities ensures that there is always a new factor to force you to change your pattern.The is also a multiplayer scene, if after you've finished the (extensive!) single-player campaigns and want to face some real challenges!Last, the sound design and art are top-notch. Those sorts of things are easy to overlook, but they can really make a difference!"
76561198007783852,Recommended,226840,23209046,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Cayman,"I must say that my first impression when playing this game was not very positive. It seemed to me that the focus was too heavily on battles, and that the game was forcing every turn the player to do some actions dictated by the progress of the cities, rise of new heroes, etc. I felt a general lack of freedom. But playing again after some time (and a couple of expansions) I have changed my mind. This is a very well done game, and I tend to agree with someone saying that this is one of the best modern successors of the venerable Master of Magic. Extremely good game for those who love fantasy turn-based strategy, with a large variety of troops and spells, and challenging AI players."
76561197963509683,Recommended,226840,23219379,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,clip,"I've always enjoyed the AoW series, having spent enormous amounts of time playing and crafting maps in the previous versions. Alongside with HoMM, AoW made a definite game where exploring the map, killing monsters and conquering cities was greatly enjoyable. The variance between races and magic (somewhat) allowed for different playstyles. In AoW3, this all seems to be expanded to greater degree, with even more variance to the races due to the different hero types.The only thing that I've always felt was lacking was magic. Compared to an another old time classic, Masters of Magic, where you could raise volcanoes, corrupt the land and blight enemy cities, the spell selection seems limited and rather straightforward. Of course, in MoM, one could actually select their wizards starting spell-books from different domains of magic and even expand their library through hard challenges. But besides this single small thing, the series still seems enjoyable.While writing this, I've played the main game and have continued somewhat into the first expansion, where I'm currently stuck. I loathe to downgrade the difficulty from hard, so lets see how long this takes."
,Recommended,226840,23221641,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,DV8R,"This game has a great combat mechanic for people like me who aren't always interested in controlling every minute detail of every battle, while simultaneously allowing you to choose to get deep into the details as if you were playing a traditional jrpg."
,Recommended,226840,24768927,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,neonight1986,A great addition to the Age of wonders line. Moves it into the new age. I wish somethings were a bit different but over all a wonderful addition.
76561198052385120,Recommended,226840,25046192,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,sFfalenn,"Though the mechanics have changed from previous versions, they have for the most part been for the better.  Do miss having 8 units in an army however."
,Recommended,226840,25337521,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ruthrand,"Classic 4X gameplay, with a stronger focus on combat that diplomacy and a stronger focus on unit managment as opposed to city/kingdom managment. The tur-based strategic batles allow you to spectate and interact with the units in a way most other 4X games lack. The customization in Class and Race allow for hightened replayability and a greater sence of diversity amoung the units and opponents. I would highly reccomend this game for anyone who enjoys 4X and strategy games. Graphics are colorful and detailed as well, and the music/sound is good enough. 9/10"
,Recommended,226840,12175691,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,oreoshack,"I didn't really know what to expect with this game, but it is awesome. Thoroughly enjoyable. If you liked Lord of the Rings, Civilization, and XCOM:EU, you will LOVE this game."
76561198050752386,Recommended,226840,12182400,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,[SLVH]-windrunner,"the siege battle really reminds me of RoTK 6, only this one is a turn based.the map management is similar to civilization.the site control in map management is similar to heroes of might & magic.still exploring more of the game. hope i could find more reason to stay playing.overall the game is good for me."
76561197971907582,Recommended,226840,12194254,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,ThatWhichThinks,"Short Version: The game looks gorgeous, has tons of replayability with a solid battle AI, and some of the most fun tactial battles of any game I can think of.  If you want fantasy battles look no further.Longer Version: A lot of people compare this game to Fallen Enchantress or Civ, and I think that comparison does very little justice to any of the games involved.  All three games are 4X games in that you can explore, exploit, expand, and exterminate enemies, but have very different focuses.  In general, Civilization games thrive on the first three ""x""s but have awful, boring warfare.  Fallen Enchantress is well-rounded, with decent battles and interesting RPG mechanics, but ultimately leaves a lot of the exploitation to be desired.  AoW 3 would be at the extreme opposite Civ: the battles are great, and, nominally, so are the other x's, but there is very little to do with any resource except use it to eXterminate.  The good news is that battles are a lot of fun with dozens of well-balanced, interesting units and lots of great spells."
,Recommended,226840,12204457,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dimuyen,"A great fantasy strategy gameAlthough I think this game doesn't fully capture the ""wonders"" part of the old Age of Wonders it's a great addition to the modern fantasy strategy genre. This is primarily a quibble on the look of the game based on versions 1 & 2. Particularly in the strategic map, I feel that the new version lacks on a certain visual feedback that the old ones had that made them look more woundrous and magical than the new version does. You may not agree with me on this, and that's fine, it really doesn't affect the gameplay.The hero creation is interesting and varied, and the hero that leads your army has a significant impact on gameplay as the units/spells available vary depending on your choices. There are interesting items you can get, including a variety of mounts. I still wish this part was a bit more fleshed out, but it's still enough to make that part of the game interesting.Large campaign maps take forever and a day to complete, which sounds great but I still have yet to finish one.I've spent very little time in the game's campaign, I usually just play random maps."
,Recommended,226840,19424763,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,dd0,Better Heroes of Might and Magic than current HOMM games.
76561198022362359,Recommended,226840,22246358,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,-=HRZ=-Dead Salesman,if you like turn based strategy with faction management you'll probably like it.
,Recommended,226840,22405747,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Abaddon,"If you like games like the Civilization series, or the Heroes of Might & Magic series, and are hankering for a new high-fantasy strategy game to play, do yourself a favor and check this game out! This was my first experience with the Age of Wonders series, I was looking through the Steam store for something new, saw it and decided to give it a go. I didn't expect much given the usual quality of today's games but man was I surprised!Here is my pros and cons list based on my experience playing the base game, I haven't bought the expansion packs yet but I definitely plan to.Pros :- Challenging gameplay that requires you to think ahead, as well as think quickly on your feet.- Good AI.- Wide variety of fantasy creatures to go up against, or enlist in your own army.- Active modding community on the Steam Workshop.- Beautiful visuals.- Large arsenal of spells, abilities, upgrades and equipment that make each Leader feel unique.- Nice soundtrack that does a good job of adding to the immersion.- A character creation system that offers a good deal of customization for this sort of game.- Boatloads of replayability.Cons :- Some units and abilities seem rather imbalanced, but nothing gamebreaking.- Challenge can sometimes ramp up drastically.- Cities could use a bit more diversity, while it is possible to have a city that is specialized in performing a certain role, I haven't yet found that to be necessary and as a result all my cities have pretty much had the same buildings. I think this could have been improved by making a tech-tree for cities so you would have to decide what you want that city's main purpose to be. But, since the game is focused more on armies and combat rather than city building, this isn't a huge deal.- Very few visual changes on your Leaders and Heroes in regard to their equipment, the only items that change your appearance are your mount and your weapon. This is more of a personal desire and not so much something the game did wrong,  it IS a strategy game after all and would require alot of effort to implement. but still, I was a bit let down when I looted a very awesome looking helmet and chest piece only to find that it didn't affect my appearance. Once again, not a huge deal though."
76561198030000692,Recommended,226840,22524727,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Commissar Sebastian,"4 full stacks of orks were directed against my city. Faith has made that my dreadnought emperor showed up really quick. I build a Juggernaut,prepared the dragon oil,and started saying my prayers.Soon the orks are at the gates of the city i set fire to the oils order the juggernaut to go on the walls at the right side of my glorious emperor and we all start singing our glorious war anthem.>half of the filthy orks get spooked>watever they start ammasing all in one place the center of my walls>cast a fire storm on them>oils boiling them to a nice yellow crisp>archers must be some kind of sibilings of Legolas>orks breach my walls in two points>blessed arrows start poring out of the sky>My trusty swodsmen are blocking the path>Orks cut them to pieces>go past them>mfw orks have their asses 20m into the sky realising my swordsmen had suicide vests>juggernaut fires the mortar>cast another fire storm>archers have akimbo bows today>farmers start throuwing chickens to orks>♥♥♥♥♥ wut?>they continue to come>my juggernaut rams them again and againNight is falling.. Today's menu roast ork with a side of victory.. the meat is verry salty but there's plenty of blood to wash it in.I thank the Emperor for today's deeds,may his light guide us all!"
76561198012000006,Recommended,226840,23209354,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Foo Fighter,Love 4X? Love Fantasy? Then you'll love this game!  With the DLC you'll have a lot of 4X fun!
,Recommended,226840,23525018,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,TheUltimate99,Definitely a game worth buying.  I didnt know what to expect when I first purchased this game.  I thought it would be a half♥♥♥♥♥version of civilization.  But really comes out on its own as a 4x game mashed with class levels.  I wish they make a sequel to this.  Replayability is pretty damn high with modes you can play. I usually play this game in 4x mode. And the customization for each race you can be is pretty in depth. Definitely worth a buy at 29 dollars or if it falls on sale.
76561198009584274,Recommended,226840,23838404,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,=[RoS]=Justinpcgamer,This game has all of the charm of the first Age of Wonders as well as Shadow Magic. Moving armies around the map can be a bit tedious but overall it is very fun if you have a few friends.Pros:+ Fun to play with friends+ Alot of races + customizable heroes+ Independants and AI are actually tough+ Fun scenarios+ Easy to connect MultiplayerCons:- Game length is very long- Auto combat is still a bit off- Wish there was a faster way to move troops around / help your allies
76561198071541760,Recommended,226840,23910243,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,trent,"Good game,  takes a bit too get the hang of things."
,Recommended,226840,24383782,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Nj0rd12,"This game is just great, the random map system gives it a ton of replayablity plus all the race/class combinations and specializations, and on top of that it has mod support. Great game, would recommend to anyone who likes turn based games."
76561198113087438,Recommended,226840,24391817,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,zhenxitan,"Love this game, it makes me think of Civilization mixed with Heroes of Might and Magic. Try this if you know and enjoy those games!"
76561198123024379,Recommended,226840,24923912,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Pumble,"I really like this game. I like how you can customize your leaders looks and magic ability, even the background image behind them. It has a really beautiful musical score and the maps are gorgeous. IMO it is a lot better than Endless Legend, which always felt a bit weird and alien to me. If you like fantasy empire games, you should definately give it a solid play."
76561198022370963,Recommended,226840,12153816,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Bazok,"Great game! Buy it if you have loved playng Civ 5, Warlock,  X-Com or any Total War game."
,Recommended,226840,12194046,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Fruity Shoemaker™,Fantasitc Game! If your looking for something less complex then games like Victoria II or Civ 5 without the loss of strategic value or straight up fun and whn i say fun i mean this game is seriously fun. nothing brings me more joy in this game then building a massive army and crushing my enemies in a chess like combat system. The game doesnt have things like base building but allows you to terramorph and expand your domain and some things like a better diplomacy system and more ways to customize your characters and cities would improve the game a ton.  Overall this is a very solid game and well worth your money if you enjoy strategy.
76561198001418915,Recommended,226840,12201532,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Avoh,"Highest Scoring: (5/5) ReplayabilityLowest Scoring: (3/5) Mechanics, Graphics, Fun FactorBug Score: 5 (No Issues)Recommended: YesGenre: Strategy, Turn-Based, Fantasy, RPGDeveloper: Triumph StudiosPublisher: Triumph Studios1. Story: 0/52. Gameplay: 4/53. Mechanics: 3/54. Graphics: 3/55. Fun Factor: 3/56. Replayability: 5/57. Bugs/Glitches: 5/58. Single-player: 4/59. Multi-player: 4/510. Similarity: Civilization Series, Warlock: Master of the Arcane/ExiledGameplay Videohttps://www.youtube.co...ailpage&v=2MUJ05XDIGkWebsite:www.Gamingallstars.netSTEAM:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Gaming-Allstars"
,Recommended,226840,12250792,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,SalsaDoom,"My review was hilariously old. Anyway, this is a really good game with a great linux client. Devs just added modding support in  1.7, so hopefully this game gets better with mods! The mods cannot be made in Linux, but they WILL work just fine in it, so that's alright.Anyway, this is a top notch game with a great linux port."
76561198131567044,Recommended,226840,18648783,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,omakate,Love it !!
,Recommended,226840,19435136,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Froggydj,AoW3 sweet game if ya like the strategy type (magic myth unit and city builder
76561198007031254,Recommended,226840,19646371,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Raven-Seven,"The best blend of games like: Heroes of Might and magic, Warlock, and Civilization. Being able to create your own Leaders is an absoulte must for games like these from this point on!"
76561198052353098,Recommended,226840,19967573,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,mypony89,This game is the best mix between civ and homm. It's a great game that I can always go back to for another 50 or so hours before the AI Destroys me to much because I suck.
76561198038896333,Recommended,226840,20359232,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,KingKoontz,An excellent 4X fantasy game!
76561198033461222,Recommended,226840,10818608,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,hunterbowl,This game is amazing. The combat is the best!
,Recommended,226840,31783425,Posted: 16 May,all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"Age of Wonders III isn't a bad game by any means, but serves more a niche audience in the PC community. However, it serves that audience well. Not much has changed from the previous installment in terms of overall combat, which keeps a familiar feeling about the game through the lens of improved graphics. Combat is about the same, as said, but feels sharpened to a finer point and feels fairly intuitive. Though mastering combat, especially when the odds are overwhelming, means taking advantage of cover, range, terrain and the such.The story isn't anything particularly special and honestly, so far, somewhat forgettable. I can't say whether or not we're here strictly for the story, whereas the gameplay is the biggest experience I find myself coming for, as there are few games which have such playstles in such a manner. This keeps Age of Wonders III almost something of a gem, but not quite, as the combat, though fun at times, can quickly become the same old grind through armies and more so the grind of time itself. Though I think I'll chalk that up as forgivable considering the niche this game nicely fills.Gameplay wise, Age of Wonders always felt like a linear version of Heroes of Might and Magic. So if you're familiar with that series, Age of Wonders won't be a major farcry in terms of any learning curve. So being a grid based map, similar to the Civilization games map style and is turned based for city production and unit movement. Combat isn't to difficult to figure out in terms of numbers and there are plenty of info panels to help you along the way when deciding what course of action to take, without ever clouding up the screen with too much information. As said before, intuitive gameplay that's simple to figure out, but takes some time to really master.As for the technical side, I'm sure just about anyone with a rig so far back as seven years old, if not older, should be able to run this game no problem. It's hardly demanding and looks good doing what it does.I had some fun with Age of Wonders III, but I wouldn't say I'd come running back for more. But it's nice to pop in once and awhile and have some fun in this turn based RPG like fantasy game. Is it worth $30(USD)? Depends on your taste in games, but if this is something that's not in your usual cup of tea, hold out for possible sale."
76561198108267516,Recommended,226840,27702380,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Unorthodox,"You won't believe how addictive this games is, (warning this will happen to you many times) I was about to wrapped up at 11:00 PM and I just couldn't stop giving it one more turn, ended up 4:00 AM.this game has a more simple mechanics that your regular 4X games in temrs of economy managment but the adventure and exploration is just priceless, if you want to focus in your heroes and units more than anything else you'll have a great time"
76561197983369120,Recommended,226840,35345206,Posted: 30 September,all,jpnole,Civ mixed with a fantsy RPG. Recommended!
,Recommended,226840,35240627,Posted: 27 September,all,Methía,"Middle Earth and Civ had a baby, and the child was real-time battles."
,Recommended,226840,28437450,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mr.,"The battles are a lot of fun and the world is like a less restrictive version of Civ. V where you can properly focus on conquest with a lite RPG aspect. AoW3 has the best DLC where price-content ratio is great. This game is very balanced and has one of the best story campaigns and storyline you'll ever come close to in a hex-grid strategy game.Edit: I finally got around to watching all three of the Lord of the Rings movies in 2017. Some odd reason I never watched them. Anyhow, everytime I play this game I keep thinking Lord of the Rings. When I see volcanic lands I think of the lands of Mordor. Human warlord metropolises remind me of the city of Gondor everytime. What I am trying to say is this game gives me offtopic roleplaying feelings. The game is a flexible world generator and playing this game is relaxing and will scratch that fantasy 4X strategy itch."
,Recommended,226840,10048495,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,(UvG) MAGIKHAN,"Epic , a must for TBS fans and good to play with friends. This game recieves 4 out of 5 KHANS"
76561198101760749,Recommended,226840,11146204,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Mr Tea,11/10
76561198077236807,Recommended,226840,15417772,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Eomolch,"Age of Wonders III has come a long way since it's release. I'll be honest, I probably never had higher expectations on a computer game since I endorsed both Age of Wonders II and Shadow Magic and played them throughout an entire decade ... so after my first few games with AoW 3 I got a little disappointed. The game felt too fast, the starting race was much less significant than in the previous games and so felt the pick of the magical specilazations. Also I wasn't happy with some combat simplifications like flying units that suddenly had to land, the removal of friendly fire in ranged attacks etc ...Lucky for me (and for most other AoW 3 players I'd say) Triumph Studios wouldn't be Triumph Studios if they didn't listen to their community. With each patch more and more issues the playerbase initially had with the game got fixed with the result that now with it's free 1.5 patch (and the two expansions, if you bought them) the game is very convenient to play and feels very complete content-wise - just right for another ten years of gaming time ;)What you shouldn't expect AoW 3 to be is a civilization clone in a fantasy setting. While in civilization the main focus always has been on the empire building and management (let's say the strategical component) with Age of Wonders it's pretty much the opposite. The tactical combat is complex, demanding and offers tons of possibilities and while I personally wouldn't have sacrificed some of the mentioned combat characteristics of the previous games, Age of Wonders 3 can compensate their absence by introducing the guard mode and flanking system."
76561198055846148,Recommended,226840,9836446,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,LittlebitRoro,chicken dragon army
,Recommended,226840,10781244,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,HAIL SATAN,"Out of most of the 4x games I have tried recently, this one has managed to impress me with its richness of feature so far. Not into it too far yet, but it seems pretty solid and worth picking up. It's not overly difficult, and it has a bit of variety. It manages to blend a bit of roleplaying and strategy together well without making either of the parts seem watered down."
,Recommended,226840,10714241,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Godzillamancer,"Very few games give you the ability to command giant spiders, hell horses, yetis and tanks to take out your enemies while dressed up like the prettiest Goblin at the ball.Highly recommend if you like Strategy/Tactics RPGs at all."
76561198071063435,Recommended,226840,12073056,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,ChrisS,Great game :)
76561198006545785,Recommended,226840,16528144,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Rococho Ranger,"Great game.  I got this on release and have clocked a lot of hours on it, but I waited to recommend it.I waited because it had a few balance and playability issues otu of the box, which have been adressed with patches and the Dev's listening to the community.Pros- Good division between the classes and races, everyone is good at, and weak at, something.  This makes the choice meaningful.- A style which is both functional and cool looking.- Excellent in-game encyclopedia, much refined over the patches.  Likely inspired by Civ, but not a bad inspiration at that.- Excellent tooltips. Every unit has all its abilities and current stats available at a click, no searching through menus or having to remember who does what.  This lets you focus on stratagy, and not memory tests.- Unit models. Personally I love how there is a version of each class unit for every race, they didn't skimp out on the design budget by making generic models.  Also, Goblin Angels!Cons-The campaigns are not the greatest feats of storytelling. But they do give a good vehicle for the stratagy, and a reason for the objectives.- The first expansion campaign (I haven't played Eternal Lords yet) was frustrating because it was basically a long tutorial for the new features, when I would rather have had all those new features through the campaign.  Except possibly the seals, which make sense at the point they are at (I'm not giving any spoilers here!)- There doesn't seem to be much rhyme or reason to how nuetral factions act towards you.  This may be addressed with the proposed changes to races in Eternal Lords.- The randomly generated maps do produce some wierd anomalies from time to time, but I believe these are being refined.Over all, this game deserves its 80% approval rating, and I heartily recommend it to both fans of the series and other turn-bases stratagy or empire building fans."
,Recommended,226840,9709817,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Mazu,"Absolutely amazing game. Not only is it true to the original Age of Wonders/Shadow Magic, but it one-ups it as well. As a huge fan of SM, and as someone who has been let down constantly by other games in the genre like Eador or Warlock, I'm extremely happy. This is everything I've always wanted in a sequel."
76561198032456393,Recommended,226840,32353162,Posted: 11 June,all,McKalimazoo,if you like civ you may like this game
76561198058454667,Recommended,226840,33161759,Posted: 2 July,all,Avendis,"Great game! My wife and I love playing together. The game is paced well enough that you can really enjoy the empire building aspects, which my wife really loves. The option for auto or manual combat is great for us as I enjoy using more strategy while my wife would rather not bother with tedious details. The game could be rather confusing if you don't start out with the tutorials.Pros-works decently well with the steam controller-excellent multiplayer for both veteran and casual players-research/skills/city building is easy to use for casual player but in depth enough to really engage veterans as well.Cons-turns can sometimes take a long time (only a con if you prefer fast paced play)"
76561198093087641,Recommended,226840,32892530,Posted: 27 June,all,JAo,good game
76561197999356538,Recommended,226840,9704322,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,MattStriker,"I'll start with the good news: this really is a worthy successor to the earlier parts of the series, and I definitely recommend it to any fan of turn-based strategy games.That said, it does have a few flaws that need to be addressed.- The alignment system...doesn't work. There's nopenaltyto playing the good guy, so you'll pretty much always gravitate towards a Pure Good alignment unless you make a deliberate effort to be evil, and since therearedistinct penalties for playing the bad guy you end up gimping yourself in the progress.- While the move to 3D certainly improved animation quality, some models (especially flying creatures) are just plain hideous to look at. I have absolutelynoidea what they were trying to achieve with the gryphon, for example :P.- The loss of many staple races is a bit of a pain, although the new class-based units do help to put some of the variety back in.- Speaking of that, some things about the race/class system aren't exactly explained very well. Class units of different races do have noticably different stats, which is something you're left to find out for yourself (hint: elves, as usual, doverywell with any kind of ranged attack).- And finally, there's a certain amount of interface clunkiness going on. No major showstoppers, but a lot of minor things that'll get a little annoying over time.So...what makes this worth buying despite the flaws I just outlined?- A solid TBS experience with RPG elements.- A fun, if somewhat cliché'd setting.- Amazing music.- Elven musketeers.- The classes really do offer vastly different playstyles. If you try the approach you won with as a Warlord with an Archdruid character, you will probably fail pretty hard.- Character traits make ahugedifference in playstyle as well.- Goblin angels.- Random map generator with good fine-tuning options provides long-term replayability.- The series' trademark sense of humor is still around and going strong, particularly in the unit descriptions.All in all, a very solid game despite some flaws, and probably the best of its kind out right now."
,Recommended,226840,10042698,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,oldnavyalpha,I highly recommend this game for any fantasy nerd. Its Civ 5 with better combat in a bad♥♥♥♥♥fantasy world.
76561198089359820,Recommended,226840,13920236,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,jkacala127,"I'm having a lot of fun with the game. It's one of those games that I got on sale but wouldn't have been upset if I paid full price.At first I was a little disappointed, there only seemed to be two campaigns. The high elves and the dwarfs, but you pick up other companions who help you and than you play their part of the campaign.   Example, first you play as a rouge Elf, but you quickly pick up a Draccon. When that part of the campaign is over it starts off as the Draccon in charge, but your high elf is still one of the leaders.Again I was little disappointed because the first part of the campaign was long, so I figured it was over. Nope! As I said another character steps in and they become the primary champ.I'm 15 hours plus on the second part of the campaign, I had to restart a few times. It can be a little trial by era but once you learn (and this goes into the actually strategy of the game) you know the most expensive units may not be your best.Your main champs level up, but only to a certain point per campaign as well as your units but they don't carry over to the next stage of the campaign.  Basically your starting from scratch just your Champs keep their ability points and gear you might find.The AI isn't stupid, the game has a auto match feature for annoying little battles which I didn't think I would use. Even if your likely to defeated you can pull off a win if your in a castle and play smart, and use your units properly and cast the right spells. However there are times where you have no chance in hell of winning and your goal becomes to hurt and kill your attacker as much as possible, so you can send in another force and destroy them but having a major champ in the game can cause one big bust which means you have to restart or have a back up save.The storyline is rather weak but I'm okay with that, you get a big explanation in the start but your goal isn't always clear. Best advice is build up your money and mana before going to war if no one is attacking you. A lot of the towns you start will be useless besides for their money and mana benefits.  Basically you want to create a choke point and produce your troops from only a few locations. With that said some units take up money and mana every round so plan ahead. You can go through 20 turns with nothing really happening if you don't want it to."
,Recommended,226840,33992081,Posted: 3 August,all,vkane,Addictive gameplay and very nice visuals.
76561198052322356,Recommended,226840,34011007,Posted: 4 August,all,opiscoward,"game is good as a strategic turn based type, but units are somewhat confusing, some units are uber units and winning against them is harder than is neccessary . campaign maps are ok, but without muli players with friends it would be dull after a while. story is not that good, but the fights are ok.for those who like this genre and are good at it, for newbies i'm not so sure."
76561198137508748,Recommended,226840,34152439,Posted: 10 August,all,theguy,"I usually don't like turn based combat, because it's almost always boring and annoying.But age of wonders implements a fun and easy way on turn based combat, where flanking, cover and positioning makes a lot more sense.Really love it, nice game for work breaks"
,Recommended,226840,34247140,Posted: 14 August,all,Rubber Ducky,"I saw this game for awhile and never got around to it. I love Civ and Endless Legends but man this game has a lot to offer. It can feel a little more fast paced at times but so far the combat system and variety in your factions picks are awesome, Your units are based on your class and race, while some summons come from your magic/specializations. Your magic is based on your class and specializations. Your entire tech tree is determined by those 3 and its a lot of fun making different combos. While its not really balanced everything is feasible and has it's ups and downs."
,Recommended,226840,34272236,Posted: 16 August,all,Icecreamvan,This is my favorite 4x game. One game on a huge map with 8 players can last days!
76561198115517281,Recommended,226840,31544941,Posted: 4 May,all,Identify as Attack helicopter,oh my god i can express how much awesome this game is this. if u find a discount grabit especially if  you are into turn based strategy games like me.
76561197964502437,Recommended,226840,15395270,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Sgt. Barnes,"This game is excellent. It has good graphics, good gameplay. It was the game I was looking for after being disappointed by Fallen Enchantress : Legendary Heroes.  The tactical combat in this game is much better with varying terrain and destroyable obstacles.If you are a fan of Master of Magic, then you will probably like this.  I have just started the game so I have not seen all the features/limitations but overall it is a really good game and is actually worth full price, altho it is a bit expensive at 43$, but it is still worth it. The game is also integrated with Steam Workshop so user made maps are easily obtainable.edit: I also have come to find out that this game is gets regular updates that even bring in some new game mechanics and it also has to original expansion packs, not just dlc.  The same thing about updates and expansions can definatly not be said for Fallen Enchantress : Legendary Heroes.Edit: Despite looking much better than Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes, this game is better optimized and coded and doesn't suffer from any stuttering whatsoeverI can't stress how much better this game is over FE: LH.  These people did a much better job than those people.This game is always challenging and keeps getting better and more enjoyable for me as I become a better player. Also the user interface is great."
76561198027654460,Recommended,226840,16936334,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Brerrabbit,"I've played the entire franchise since it first came out, graphics and diversity just keep on improving! you have the choice of auto-combat or personally control your troops during an encounter, many different races with unique racial traits and units, it will take a bit to learn the game - recommend completing campaign before you launch multiplayer - you need to have a basic idea of all the troops, not only can you build your cities, and manage them you also have ""magic"" ready to cast once skills have been researched, - leads to a fairly complicated strategic game that will entertain hours on end :D11/10 awesome game"
76561198138012621,Recommended,226840,33411140,Posted: 9 July,all,raggidman,"This is a mixed review - partly because my rig does not like something in this set up and keeps crashingMy feeling is that this was a new team working on the game and though they included some fine new gameplay (which will require a LOT of gametime for the average gamer to master) they also played fast and loose with some of the game lore for no apparent reason and destroyed the balance of good and evilMan players would argue that this is about the Age of Men ... but if that is really so there should be a lot less of the other species and they should be greatly weakened,  so that does not run.Strangely the 'traditional' non-human species are very strong in this and the Archons (ultimate good and sponsors of mankind who only came back from the stars or other dimensions to ensure that mankind would achieve its destiny) have degenerated into wraiths??? and the job is not done = nonsense.Other missed marks?  The Syrons,  a fine new race from Shadow Magic have totally disappeared as have the Shadow Demons ... what a waste and nonsense.  Those are (like the Archons) races of great antiquity and it was clear in Shadowmagic were not about to disappear from the scene though the Demons were defeated they were not destroyed and the Syrons promised to stay around to keep an eye out for their possible return.That being said I have to recommend this game - it should be around and playable for a very long time"
76561198002540828,Recommended,226840,33465280,Posted: 11 July,all,Quasi Z,"If you love turn-based tactical fantasy battles this game is a dream come true. AW3 is the undisputed heir to the classic Master of Magic.Easily one of the best 4x games ever made. It has definitely earned its place amongst legends such as M002 and Civ. It offers a truly challenging and capable tactical AI. The entire game is epic in scope, polished to perfection, overflowing with diversity, and filled with meaningful decisions.Each tactical encounter plays out like a tabletop minature battle. Heroes offer lots of RPG goodness with a huge array of skills and items. Exploration is as entertaining as it is intriguing. Magic is cleverly woven into every aspect of play. The result is a truly amazing and unique 4x game."
,Recommended,226840,16718156,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,+Vastator+,"First impressions: i'm glad i bought this  (complete collection on Steam Summer Sale), since it's a polished and well made products And it's still actively supported by devs (unlike other companies such as CA tha leave their games unfixed...).Buy it and support these awesome devs!I'll write a more complete review when i have more time put on this."
76561197993154962,Recommended,226840,15306634,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,NextPlease,"Loved the original AOW and this was good job at continuing the franchise.  No huge risks here, build on what you've done right and add content where it can add to the experience.  I would like to see a way to play as some of the evil specialty races (i.e. undead), with coresponding upgrade paths that included more than a few buildings, but it wasn't necessary to make the game worth recommending."
76561198148560131,Recommended,226840,15372488,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,wolfofthecosmos,"A MUST BUY. bought it thinking hey why not. and ended up hooked. hard to get used to but worth the time, make sure to save often. you can lvl a hero and capture cities, explore caves and dungeons."
,Recommended,226840,10849851,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dio,"Just like the old times they have made amazing job with AoW3,if you liked/played aow series before you should definitely buy this game."
76561197990755786,Recommended,226840,12065507,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,MoG,"Loved the others, love this, would recommend it"
,Recommended,226840,15021736,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ilitarist,"Give this game a go. It may look like there's enough variation there but in fact there are hundreds of units with abilities and perks that matter. Campaign only becomes interesting later; don't be afraid to go into Scenarios and Random maps - there you get more strategic freedom.Visual style takes some time to adapt but it's nice. This game is huge, expansions are great. Well worth the price."
76561198007721892,Recommended,226840,15397729,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,mste,"Very good game, and its getting better with every new patch og expansion."
,Recommended,226840,22088463,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Charlesworth,"Really enjoying this game, in my opinion play like a faster, more combat orientated version of Civ on the world map and the tactical battles are great fun adding some variation to the game."
,Recommended,226840,23197113,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Messy,"Awesome little Turn Based Strategy game (think civ but more in depth)  This game is a great buy at full price, if it is on sale its a must buy for the Genre!"
,Recommended,226840,23209256,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,(Woc_Krehlmar,"If you have ever enjoyed Age of Wonders, Heroes of Might and Magic, Civilizations or anything like those I HIGHLY recommend this.For me, this is the best game in this genre since godamn Heroes of Might and Magic 3. Anyone who was young when that game came out knew why it's such a cult classic.This game just improves on everything in RTS gaming the last few years with the only complaint being some lack of building veriaty. But considering most RTS's don't even have any building let alone the amount this game actually has, it's still vast.Do yourself a favor. Buy this game, play it, and feel like a child enjoying a truly good game for once."
,Recommended,226840,15367269,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,"As promised, I uninstall","Hidden gem of a game. Everyone always mentions Eternal Legend, but if you want a fighting focused 4X, this is a great one."
,Recommended,226840,15409885,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Shaemas,love age of wonders!!!!!!
76561198115904571,Recommended,226840,15570721,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Empress,I approve of this game hole-heartedly!
76561198044035524,Recommended,226840,22602715,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Jorrior,Fantastic Game.  Cannot recommend enough.  An awesome fantasy RPG tactical-lite turn based game.  Suits every category i need to engross myself in it.
,Recommended,226840,23355229,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Subzy,The Best Fantasy 4X game out there.
76561198036335958,Recommended,226840,23879098,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,dynastycorey,"i would be completely thrilled if u could have an option to change the in game music to the gameplay music of age of wonders 2 i loved it and miss it, please consider adding this"
76561197973010957,Recommended,226840,12317070,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,DrStrange,I enjoyed this game quite a bit but lost intrest fairly quickly.  This game can be quite fun and is a nice mixture of Civilization and Heros of Might and Magic.The battles are quite a bit more in debth then Heros of Might and Magic and I consider it the best part of the game.You can build new cities and the world strategy feels a bit closer to Civilization but unfortunetly not nearly as polished and strategic as the turn based army battles.I lost intrest in the game whenever I became succesful at the game. The moment you start to achieve a lead on your oppents via having the better armies you no longer have challenging wars with other armies which is the most polished part of the game. Instead it becomes a boring affair so I suggest you keep the diffculty settings as high as you can manage.Overall a very good game.
76561198014206171,Recommended,226840,15397409,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,enigma1490,I really didn't know what to expect when I started playing this game and boy did it get hard quick on the second part of the campaign.My first day in the game and at the moment I'm stuck. I will beat this orc I swear it. His head will hang on one of my pikes before the night is over.Over all I'm glad I took the dive and purchased the game.I do find it a little laggy on my alienware laptop but thems are the breaks when you are playing such a pretty and expansive game.Likely to purchase all the expansions when I get paid Friday while they are still on sale.
,Recommended,226840,18319949,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Warboys,"TLDR: 7.5/10It's very good but there are so many things that drive me mad that I can't honestly say it's a classicAge of Wonders is basically what Heroes of Might & Magic should have become after the countless crapfest sequels that didn't try anything new. The game has a wonderful tactical combat system that puts most regular tactical combat games to shame, it's really exciting and there are so many cool abilities and spells to use. Overall there's a lot of content (I'm just reviewing the vanilla game) and plenty of variety for a good 1-2 playthroughs of each Class.The downsides? Well like most 4X style games, it doesn't handle scale well. The economy is super simple and isn't the focus of the game (unlike Civ V for example), so it falls into the trap of ""I don't ♥♥♥♥ing care about these 6 cities I've built"". I know I should care, and I need to care in the late game... it's just too much tedious management with very little impact on your game as a whole, especially compared to the early game. Likewise for armies. You start with 1x 6-unit army, including your hero, and have nice little skirmishes. Then you get Hero after Hero with army after army and before you know it you've got 10 armies you have to manage and fight with. It's just too much and I find the turns take so long and the decisions become so diluted down that I quit most games once I've killed my main rival. It's a pain to finish an Age of Wonders game.Minor gripes;  Bone Dragon independent parties flying around from outside the fog of war and destroying your entire army isn't fun. It spams you with 'This hero wants to join' every ♥♥♥♥ing turn, which is soooo god damn time consuming over the course of a 100-200 turn game. Furthermore, the extra heroes you get are very sub-standard and some, like the Dreadnaught, are basically useless as you lack the Class buildings for your cities to get any of the units that Hero would need. Auto-Combat is sometimes a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, killing dudes that obviously wouldn't have died if you'd done manual combat... then again, the combat does take so long that you find yourself using Auto for most situations that aren't an 18vs18 city siege.Tiny gripes which might be my fault for sucking? I find the whole economy and tech side of the game a little shallow. It seems that for most classes it's all about just getting as many Shadow Stalkers or Eldrich Horrors as you possibly can, removing any unit diversity and relegating most units to the 'useless leagues'. The game does do a good job of keeping diversity high into the mid-game, but end-game it's just dull. Also that Call of the Wild spell that summons 3 beasts every ♥♥♥♥ing round is so stupidly good, ♥♥♥♥ dat♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198054852666,Recommended,226840,25673141,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Slimdragoon,"Almost as good as Civ 5, Much better than Beyond Earth. Graphics are good. The focus on armies and battle system make this game really fun."
76561198047516616,Recommended,226840,12162924,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,PISS&LAUGH,"Tuli hyvin nostalginen olotilaisuus kun kuulin tästä pelistä, mutta pelintekijät eivät ajatelleet loppuun asti pelin vaikeusastetta kun kokemusta on jo monta vuotta ja tuhansia pelitunteja, peli on aivan liian vaikea. Olemme kavereiden kanssa pelanneet jo neljä tuntia, mutta emme ole päässeet alkua pitemmälle."
76561198110572142,Recommended,226840,15411480,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,I Eat Cabbage (Trade),"The graphic is good, the unit variety isn't the best but becomes more and more diverse as you expand your empire. The battles require strategy. Overall a tons of fun 8.5/10"
,Recommended,226840,23210425,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Rev Lushington,"Civ 5 meets Final Fantasy Tactics in a Warhammer-like universe.It's easy enough to start playing ASAP, but there's just layers and layers of strategic and tactical depth. There's such a huge combination of Races, Classes, and specializations, that no two playthroughs need to be the same.Play as a Goblin Necromancer, slowly expanding your empire throughout the dark underground.Play as a Elven Rogue, converting your territory into thick forests to conceal your armies of assassins.Play as a Dwarf Dreadnaut, crushing enemy forces under the weight of iron."
,Recommended,226840,9716017,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Dr Bright,"Ok...before I begin, I must say that AoW3 is my first foray into the age of wonders series.The closest equivilent game I have played is Fallen Enchantress.That said, on with the show.The game starts off with good veriaty and a beautiful visual.  You can pick from 6 races with 6 classes for each, each one a little different.  You also get the opportunity to make your own leader using any of the races as a template, each with a modifiable look and modifiable name.The gameplay of the game is fun.  As well as your fellow leaders running around, there is the independents, which are all the non-aligned units, ranging from monsters and bandits, to neutral towns that you can either conquer/annihilate for the lulz or convince to join your empire by paying them gold.  Doing this is quite fun despite the ease to simply buy up the cities and also allows you to, with patience to get access to ALL the races for yourcurrent class...or you can be a evil bugger and forcibly migrate your race to these cities.This brings me to my first little niggle regarding the AI.  The AI players work with you...unless you do things that♥♥♥♥♥♥them off and man are they picky.They take notes of EVERYTHING you do and it doesn;t take much to upset them to the point that they will launch war after war against you.  While they will forget about these, it takes a LONG time.  In my main game, I noted how my one war against a enemy had given a -1200 rating that would last for nearly 130 turns.This also brings up a AI problem I noted regarding these, which involved me getting a war penalty despite the fact that the other guy started it.  That is a bug that needs to be looked at in the least.The next part, the combat.  This is similar to Fallen enchantress in that it is a turn based fight on a special map.  Each fight takes place between the two enemies on a hex and the units in the surrounding one.  However, again, evern on dumbest setting, the AI seems suspiciously competent, sending overwelming force against their chosen target.  There is regularly little warning of an attack, meaning you'll lose at least one city before you can get a peace treaty established, which is easy to do, surprisingly.AI players will happily take a peace treaty, regardless of how well their war is going with you.  While I welcome this given how war happy my neighbours are in my current game, it is a little boring and easy to avoid a war thats going badly.Units, research and spells are next.  Like Fallen enchantress, you get to research a series of abilities/spells and units, ranging from mounted units to the local racial units depending on what race city you have up to, the kick♥♥♥♥♥juggernort 'land-ship' which is basically a 'I Win' unit.  You also get a nice selection on hero units, the cap of which you can limit.Spells however are also pretty good, and are unique to your chosen magic abilities and your class.  They have good veriaty, many have useful impact and are fun (the dreadnoughts 'mana core' nuke is just fun and a great mifddle finger to give a enemy thats overwelming you), ranging from the terraforming abilities, in-battle attacks unique to your heroes and world improvement spells such as the dreadnoughts 'supress nature; that removes all terrein penalties.However, my biggest problem is with the story campaign.  The difficulty there is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Half way into the FIRST MISSION...I was swarm attacked by about 30 units out no nowhere by a enemy I hadn;t even met.  This NEEDS to be patched ASAP but is not too big a problem in the long term of thingsIn conclusion, AoW3 is a great game that sits up there with the civilization and Fallen enchantress series's.  It has some bugs but its only just been released and I have no doubt that Triumph Studioes will fix these problems and game balance issues.If you like the sid meier games and Galactic Civilization games, you'll love this game too.Final rating:  9/10It loses a point due to the unbalanced AI."
,Recommended,226840,12182229,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,PyroMcDips,you can murder elves
76561198009214393,Recommended,226840,23575305,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,[OCD] Mbutu Otutu,"This game is everything I had hoped the ""Total War"" series would evolve to (and didn't).  A strategic game with the option to do turn based tactical combat.    But not the NEED to do it that way.  Alliance wins means you don't have to wipe everyone off the map.  You have to explore to unmap areas.  Basically your 4x type of game.  I would like to seean option where you can turn off the automated fluff.  Birds, butterflies, schools of fish, etc. etc. is all very pretty, butafter awhile its just using up cpu with no effect on game play.I hope this team develops some historical era games with the same model."
,Recommended,226840,9749145,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,XenoLocke,"Great 4x fantasy strategy game with everything that makes PC gaming so great (customization, excellent AI, multiplayer, map editors, scenarios).  This game has everything you could possibly want and does so brilliantly.  Add in the fact that the developers are active in the community and are improving the game post-release based on customer feedback is outstanding."
,Recommended,226840,25655897,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Count Archla,"One Of my Favorite things about this game is that you have the option to have MultiRaced Army with every game you play.Horned Gods are your best friends.I just started a new game, Befriened Noew elves and some Dwarves, all while under seige from rouge undead. This Game is amazing."
,Recommended,226840,9838144,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Kernyx,"The game is in general well developed.It's not a clone of any other game, it's got its own long history and deserves its place in the genre of 4X games.While there might be some performance issues and some little flaws here and there, the issues are easily solved by turning off anti-aliasing (which is not really important in a 4X game) and the flaws are already being fixed.The developer is currently actively patching the game and already fixed a lot of issues and added a couple features.The AI might not be able to trick the player but it works well and there are a lot of options to interact with the player.The graphics look good, the controls are pretty good.Since it is a turn based game that consumes a lot of CPU performance you should know that there are two types of turn systems.One is where all can move at the same time. This reduces your waiting time but while the AI moves you have to wait till your clicks are registered.The other is where each player has their own turn. That increases your waiting time, but while its your turn, you can click around without delays.The story catches up on the events of the previous titles and sounds interesting, we might see an add-on for this game.While the story campaign falls a little short, the random map generator, world editor, scenario mode and multiplayer mode allow you to experience new maps and new opponents every time you play.I believe AoW3 is a well made sequel."
,Recommended,226840,22873002,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,BB,Much better than Heroes of M&M.And the battle system is better than Sorcerer King.The economic and research system is simpler than Endless Legend and Sorcerer King's.
76561198052536305,Recommended,226840,22786686,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Dacu,Heroes evolved. Tone of stuff. Extremly detiled game. Well done!
,Recommended,226840,22854640,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ItchieMitchie,Dis sere is a fun gim.
76561198355015488,Recommended,226840,33209653,Posted: 3 July,all,Evil Tooth Farrie,"The richest fantasy empire game the world has ever known, at least I have ever played. As of now it stands eternal as the game of many dreams. Fantasy decadence has blinded this electronic inhabitant, who is on the verge of true addiction – and now just one more turn..........."
,Recommended,226840,9698917,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Enchiridion,"It may be too soon to crown Age of Wonders III the best in a lineage of excellent titles but in my short time with it I've had nothing but fun.  We can, at the very least, call it a worthy sequel, recommended for fans of the series and fans of the genre at large."
76561197961222559,Not Recommended,226840,13811270,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TTT BoBilo,I've only played this game for an hour or so but its been an extremely frustrating hour. The tutorial is awful and it made the playing of the game unclear. It made me feel like I was aimlessly wandering around with no clear understanding of what to do or where to go. Unfortunately this is such a turn off that its an instant uninstall for me.
76561197993589983,Recommended,226840,23054327,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Madash,"fairly simple but addictive, can get a bit repetative."
76561198052278126,Recommended,226840,15271681,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Astral and Arcane,"A master piece of turn based strategy goodness. If you are a fan of turn based/fantasy strategy games, or any type of turnbased strategy war games, buy this right now.Important to note that this is a turnbased startegy war/4X game, if you're looking for detailed empire/ economic management you won't find it here. City building has enough options to be interesting, but you don't feel like you are governing cities. You're leading an empire to war."
76561198007622141,Recommended,226840,15400785,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,fat4eyes,"After 20 years, Master of Magic finally gets a worthy spiritual successor. If you're into turn-based strategy with a magical twist, get this game. If you loved the original Master of Magic but found several recent games that tried to recapture its (ahem) magic but end up feeling a bit off (I'm looking at you Fallen Enchantress/Warlock Master of the Arcane/Endless Legend), you will not be disappointed by Age of Wonders 3.The thing that I love most about AOW 3 that it shares with Master of Magic is that the tech tree has a lot of real gamechangers. It's not just wussy +10% attack/defense/economy improvements here, no. On one turn you're playing with cookie-cutter pike/archers/cavalry, then on the next turn you research something and suddenly you have FLOATING ELDRITCH HORRORS FROM ANOTHER DIMENSION that can mind-control your enemies and panic the puny mortals that dare attack them. Or you level up your hero and suddenly YOUR ENTIRE UNIT STACK IS NOW INVISIBLE TO THE ENEMY.You don't win battles just because your attack/defense numbers are better than the enemy. You win battles by casting a spell that makes half of the enemy army run away in panic, sending in succubi to seduce the half that remained to fight for you, then use your new mind-controlled minions to kill their former allies. If you're going to play a 4X game set in a magical world, you don't want the game to just replace artillery with fireballs, rifles with bows and tanks with steampunk tanks, you want to see all the craziness that is possible in a magical world. This AOW 3 delivers really, really well."
,Not Recommended,226840,21652661,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,King Arthur / Dalewyn,"Let me preface this by saying I love the Age of Wonders series. I played AOW1, AOW2, and AOW:SM atonback when I was a kid. I am not writing a negative review lightly.I guess I will start off with what AOW3 did right:Continuation of the Age of Wonders story and a revival of the franchise.Nostalgic musical score consisting of AOW1 remixes. I'm not sure if I heard any AOW2/SM music though.Vassal cities. Not having to manually manage my less-important cities is really nice, and it gives another layer of diplomacy besides player-to-player....I'm supposed to write more, right? ...Right?No seriously, that's the extent of what I can consider as good in AOW3. What I listed is self-explanatory, so I will move on to the meat of this review.What I found AOW3 did wrong; why it doesn't feel like Age of Wonders:The absence of trademark spells like Enchant Weapon and Blessing (no not the in-combat only Blessing AOW3 has).The absence of heroes like Winger and Ham, heroes that were present in all three of the previous AOW games.Ripping off Civilization in GUI layout and general gameplay. ""Empire upgrades"", you mean technology? And whatever happened to researching spells that lookedanddid amazing stuff?! Hellfire from AOW2/SM, where is it?!Lack of unit and building depth. Archers are king, cities are ""finished"" when in AOW1/2/SM we would still be in earlygame. Domains are nerfed and cannot overlap each other, they are not so much ""magical sphere of influence"" as they are borders like in Civ; see below.Very shallow leader/hero design. Unlike the previous games I am finding a problem what I should be doing with my leader and heroes. The leader can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥sitting in town like before in AOW2/SM, and the leader being nerfed like such compared to the wizards in AOW2/SM means the heroes are also nerfed in their utility. Unlike AOW1, their presence isn't all that large either; forget mowing down entire armies singlehandedly, not happening here.Straight off, AOW3 does not feel like a continuation of Age of Wonders 1, 2, and Shadow Magic. Trademark spells and heroes are missing, the way the game flows is changed to be more in the venue of Civ. Honestly, I think AOW3 is more Civilization 5 with a fantasy reskin than Age of Wonders revived.AOW3 lost the unique identity that AOW1/2/SM managed to create, I don't feel that AOW3 distinguishes itself enough from the other strategy games (4X strategy in particular) in the industry like AOW1/2/SM did. If someone told me AOW3 was a Civ5 fantasy mod, I would believe them.What I found AOW3 did wrong; the technical faults:Terrible graphics. There, I said it. Compared to other games of the same genre like Civilization, the graphics arehorrible. The image simply isn't sharp, aliasing is everywhere even with anti-aliasing enabled. It feels like I'm playing the game in a smaller resolution than my monitor's native resolution, even though I am not. All the models are also ridiculously low-poly and the textures low-res by today's standards, and I have the options set on high! (I can run ultra with a minor FPS drop, but I don't see any improvement.)Clunky tactical combat. The combat in AOW1/2/SM was one of the highlights of the series. Battles werefunandexciting, especially siege battles involving cities. Casting Hellfire and seeing the city furiously burn wasamazing. Not here. Sieges just feel like a chore, and field battles are dominated by archers. Melee units are just meatshield fodder. I find myself preferring auto combat over manual combat. This is Age of Wonders, why does the combat feel so unappealing?!The revamped alignment system. Why in the seven wizards of the cosmos am I ""evil"" for migrating to my preferred races? For plundering and razing cities? For killing independent guards?Noneof these acts were even remotely ""evil"" before on a global level. In fact migrations were strongly encouraged regardless if you were playing a ""good"" wizard. I see little sense in the way the alignment system was revamped and implemented.Halflings as DLC simply rubs me the wrong way. Halflings were one of the mainstays in the series, and they were axed in the base AOW3 release before seeing a DLC release. Really? I might have gotten it still if the game was enjoyable, but I'm having doubts as this review might suggest.All in all, I am seriously saddened that I just can't bring myself to recommend this game. I really wanted to write a positive review, I adored the Age of Wonders series! Unfortunately, as a loving fan I just cannot bring myself to lie and upvote. If you have never played any of the old Age of Wonders games then you might be able to enjoy this game, but  as a long-time fan I was sorely disappointed."
76561197995397248,Recommended,226840,15295645,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Keyne,"Awesome game.  Similar to CIV but with awesome tactical combat.  Some games feel like a developer's labor of love and AOW3 is definitely one of those games... the details of the units, the unit back stories, the humor, etc. all make for a fun and engaging experience.  IMO, if you like RPG's and strategy it's a must buy."
,Recommended,226840,15425833,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,The Cure,Great 4X strategy RPG. Better and more in depth than the Warlock series in almost every way.
76561197991088969,Recommended,226840,15279893,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Sethfcm,"I should have reviewed this game long ago.Age of Wonders 3 is an amazing fantasy turn based 4x with rpg elements, and a fantastic array of choices, customization and tactical options.I would sit here and list them all, but I will condense it to afew points.Have you ever played a 4x and wanted to actually be on the battlefield? To have a presence? In AoW 3 you can, as a sovereign you can fight on the battlefield (and revive if killed too) gain levels, and lead a glorious army, or have your heroes do it for you (or fight alongside them)Have you ever wanted to be able to both play a nice, friendly, intercultural hero of the people? Or be the devious evil genociding brutal wizard lord? Both are viable strategies, and have their strengths and weaknesses especially with all the new updates related to alignment, and racial approval/happiness.Do you itch for a game with a varied class selection of rather different yet equal classes? From the ttrategy, tactics, and military might of the warlord, and the sneaky cunning of the rogue to the vast arcane power of the wizard and religious/moral power of the theocrat (and several other classes, alongside the necromancer soon to be released) you have access to a vast array of balanced, interesting, and flavorful classes.Balance is both already good, and improving all the time as the developers follow the approach of Adding content, and adding power rather than simply cutting content, and nerfing to improve balance, orks not strong enough? We aughta give them a new unit option, and a damage buff, not nerf everyone else. It's wonderful, and so very productive.All in all do I feel like I got my money's worth with this purchase? I very much do, I was worried after years without a new game that this game would fail to live up to the nostalgia of AoW Shadow Magic, instead it actually improved upon it's predecessor, and captured my attentions all over again. I'd rate this game 9.5 out of 10, the highest rating of any game in my 450+ title library. If you're a fan of 4x, rpgs, or fantasy and are even remotely considering this title I give you my absolute recommendation.Well what are you waiting for? Buy it! (if you must wait for a sale then fine, but at any price under 30 bucks this game is just too good to pass up you owe it to yourself)"
76561198007372721,Recommended,226840,15292756,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Buchan,its amazing if you like fantasy and turn based strategy and character customization
,Recommended,226840,22621961,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Sharpnessism,Great game with the DLC.
76561198031141936,Recommended,226840,23205016,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,dadasx,cool game
,Recommended,226840,12233296,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Al,"Age of Wonders 3 is a very good game, especially as far as 4X fantasy games go.Sadly it's missing a lot of content that even AoW 2 had. Namely a lot of races, the frostlings, and undead aren't here. The same for necromancy aka the sphere of death.http://youtu.be/QGdpo155B4sI loved playing as an undead Lich, spreading the domain of death. The Nodes of power, and spheres are magic play a lesser roles as well, but technology is on the rise.Even so, it's a fantastic game, and you can lose hours, upon hours in it. I don't agree with them adding races in ""expansions"", as it's mostly just DLC, but the game is damn fun. Any AoW fan would enjoy this, and even other 4X fans."
,Recommended,226840,26598871,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,C4pM,"Really enjoying this. Quite a steep learning curve, but just the right amount of complexity for my taste.  It's similiar to the Civilisation franchise - only much better!  The battles (unlike Civ) can be fought out manually, opening up a whole new area - with great graphics and turn-based gameplay.Graphics:  10/10  Looks absolutely stunning in 4k maxed out, and runs very smoothly.HAS COLOURBLIND MODE !!!!!!!: 11/10.  MASSIVE thanks to the devs for including that - would be great if more developers thought about colour blindness.Worthy of ""just one more turn"" award!"
76561197968470997,Recommended,226840,23665703,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,info,great game. especially if you like complex & deep combat and different units and tactics.strong theme as well.devs are engaged alive as well...last year's expansion has 104 reviews and 98% approval.that should say a lot.
,Recommended,226840,32752376,Posted: 24 June,all,Patriarch,"So, allot of people think this is a 4x game. It's not. It's a TBS. Its like a TBS Total War - which are not 4x. Civilization is a 4x. A typical 4x, contrary to the opinion of the psychopaths who can tolerate that pointless genre, is basically just a trading simulator with the occasional pretense of combat. AoW is not a trading simulator, and it focuses on TBS combat.However, AoW does take the empire building mechanics from 4x games. But, rather than use your empire - for no apparent reason - to the exlusive end of expanding it's borders, AoW utilizes your empire to build an army. You, through extensive strategy, you beat other people's armies. To expand your borders. Ok, that's fair.It might sound like this would take away from the 4x element of gameplay, but the fact of the matter is, 4x games are so simplistic that a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ prawn could design one while dieing of aids. Thus, nothing of importance is lost; infact, I would say AoW's approach is a dramatic improvement over all 4x themed games, since AoW removes so much of the irrelevancies which are hallmarks of the genre.There are two main layers of strategic gaming: the world-map, and the combat map. On the world map, you move your armies around, manage your towns' production of infrastructure and armies, build strategic positions, alter terrain to favor your army, etc; all the geostrategy you'd expect of a mid-evil age war. Interestingly, if someone attacks an army which is stationed inside a walled city, that wall becomes part of the battleground - a massive strategic bonus. On the combat map, you do normal TBS stuff.There are a few factors, which you choose from, which determine the nature of your empire. Race, class, specializations. Each factor gives you access to different units, spells, etc, that all influence your playstyle. Though an ultimately simplistic game, it has allot of slight nuance that can change the course of a fight, which can change the course of the overall war. Still, solid gameplay and strategy.Downside: the developers still haven't figured out how to stream-line the game. For example, you have to watch units move during TBS phase. You can speed them up, sure, but why the hell do I need to watch them move? I'm playing a strategy game; why do you think I'm that stupid? And as much as I enjoy watching my units attack three times, it still wastes time. I do strategy. I do thinking good. I don't need to see the animations to understand the end result. Just give me an option to turn it off, it's that simple.The TBS camera is a joke too, though I haven't made an effort to turn off it's automated movements."
76561198272941894,Recommended,226840,22874848,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Tsarfell,"The game is fun and simple, like a mix between civilization and disciples gold. the manual and auto combat feautures add more to strategy for one wrong move no matter how strong your forces are could spell thier downfall."
,Recommended,226840,25629567,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,TheZombieNinja,Fun game love it
,Recommended,226840,9689832,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Zeks,"it's a really good game, but atm there is a lot of HORRIBLE things in user interface that considerably lower the quality of the experience. Nothing that can't be patched but I am amazed these UI decisions even passed beta testing...Also, I cannot say for sure ofc, but it seems like the plot is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too predictable"
,Recommended,226840,9689187,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Lord Cucumber,"Highly recommended! This game plays fantastically smooth for a game with a turn based combat system, with hexes instead of squares giving it a nice extra tactical dimension. It reminded me strongly of the first game, but with a good bit of Heroes of Might and Magic (original and part 2) thrown in, as well as some Civilization like city founding and building. Fantastic experience so far!"
76561198021259622,Recommended,226840,14993633,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Kwibus,"edit: Like the start of my original review. Most underrated game ever. It's awesome.. seriously get it.Incredibly underrated game.In the past I played AoW 1 and 2 so when AoW 3 was announced I was looking forward to it, but the reviews weren't that positive and Endless Legend got released which got quite good reviews so I preferred that one. While Endless Legend doesn't manage to capture my attention I played some other games. Eventually AoW 3 was on sale and I thought... whatever let's do it.Without high anticipations the game kinda blew me away. What an incredible atmosphere! The tactical fights are really good and the strategy is ok, but this game just really DEMANDS me to play 1 more turn. It was a long time ago that I really couldn't stop.. keep on delaying the time I was going to quit.Now I also bought the Golden Realms expansion and it's even better! The best part is still to come though! The upcoming expansion Eternal Lords will offer a new class and 2 more races, but also a loooooooot more depth to an allready quite deep game imo! 1 of the things they worked on which was really poor is Diplomacy which is great. AI will have different personalities nad being evil or good actually influences your playstyle.Just really get this game if you like 4x, it's worth it. No doubt!"
76561197970634020,Not Recommended,226840,10349614,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Mork d'Ork,"I'm saying no for two reasons: cost and depth, but take out the cost issue and I say yes.AoW II is a pretty fun game.  It's your good 'ol 4x with no twists.  It has just enough customizability in it to make it warm n fuzzy. It does have any real crazy bug issues and It's pretty enough.Maybe that's why I'm so meh about this game?  It meets just ""enough"" of an expectation that I can't really call it out on anything.  But then there is the combat which is fun.  It has some real tactical depth to it, but even then... well... the game gives you the option to just let it run the combat... which it does very effectively... so after a while I just stopped running the combats and just auto-ran all of em.I think the biggest and most actual criticism I have (after the cost fo the game of course) is that there is no real depth to a long game.  For example, Civ 5 or even Fallen Enchantress have some crazy crazy deep game to them.  Civ 5 is just long.  By the time you get to the end of the tech tree the outcome of the game has usually been decided because you're usually playing against a difficulty rating... not a civ.  In Fallen Enchantress there is an entirely ""other level"" of deep game based on♥♥♥♥♥♥that's out in the world that is so ♥♥♥♥ing hard to kill or overcome that you have to be scared of those places or creatures because if you aren't, then they will ♥♥♥♥ing ruin you.  Imagine monsters walking around the world that don't necessarily care that you're there until you get in their way... like the Spirit of the Forest in Princess Mononoke.  Litterally gods walking about the world.  You have to gear up and prepair to even make an attempt on something like that... and it takes a while... and it leaves you with a sense of accomplishment when finally completed.  AoW II has no ""other level"" of scary in it and certainly no depth of field for it's AI.  At least with CIV 5 there are differences in HOW the different civilizations will approach destroying you.  In AoW II it's like being swarmed by a hoard of really angry bees.  Why are they attacking you?  No ♥♥♥♥ing reason at all... they just ARE.So that's that.  Would this game get a thumbs up if it were MORE interesting in a lot of it's aspects than just ""enough"" depth of customization or just ""enough"" of 4x or if it's different civilizations weren't exactly the same just named differently?  Yes.  And I feel like the makers of this game knew they were making a game that was, in fact, only just ""enough""... that's why it's $40 rather than $50 or $60.  In the end it's a shallow and pretty game with some decent music that costs too much.  Buy it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,226840,22713901,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Raith,"This is the one strategy game I keep going back to over and over.  It's good.Also words and stuff, you don't care what I write here."
76561198052772548,Not Recommended,226840,10103676,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Fritz,"Very disappointing, nothing new but the graphics, and casting point allocation has been removed.  The controls are also somewhat unresponsive resulting in sore fingers after awhile, and hero upgrading is extremely mundane.  Just buy age 2 if you want to experience the game."
76561198059501840,Not Recommended,226840,16550234,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bongo,I like to play long games on the largest map. After the first 50 turns the AI grinds to a painful crawl and takes forever to complete its turns - 5mins plus. It actually becomes unplayable.
76561198012872922,Recommended,226840,23087312,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,jerebear,"a good 4X game with extra fantasy, nothing special but worth playing if you enjoy laid back 4X games."
,Recommended,226840,13568389,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Junta,"Cons:- Too few races to cover all types of gameplay in contrast to previous games in the series- As such many spells/abilities fit/counter races that don't exist yet/not present on release- The need to add those races through DLCs(the following issues are common in AoW series and, unfortunately, are present here as well)- Weak late game AI- Campaigns are mediocre- Tier 4 units still leave lower tier units biting the dust as such making them obsolete- Many spells are seldom usefulPros:- The lack of races is compensated by the new leader class system that adds a lot of new units and spells adding truly a lot to the gameplay variety- RPG-style heroes- The races are more varied compared to previous games in the series with more apparent difference in strength/weaknesses of separate units- Tier 4 units are tough to come by (have to capture settlements enabling them, although a few leader classes allow such units as well) and aren't as easy to spam as top racial units in AoW2/SM- Too powerful spells are nerfed/made more dangerous to the caster compared to AoWSM (like Hellfire) so no more 1 spell deciding the outcome of the whole battle- Vastly improved random map generator- Pretty graphics (as usual in AoW)- Nice soundtrack by Michiel van den Bos- ONE MORE TURNOverall despite all the issues, new or common to AoW, this is a worthy successor to the series and even a base game offers a lot at its pricepoint compared to a more expensive competition.And much like previous games in the series AoW3 plays a lot differently than its prequels, offering fresher gameplay instead of just being a reskin and thus making it stand out, while AoW1 and AoW2/SM still remain just as playable today."
76561197960914814,Not Recommended,226840,26455284,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,SoftDog,"I really tried to like this game, but I just can´t...If you play it exactly as the makers of the game designed it then it might be ok, but you never get any help or advice in the game on what choices to make, so there is only ""trial and error"" until you get it right.There is so much imbalance depending on what army you build or what spells you randomly get to choose from that it is very hard to get the feeling you are playing a strategy game."
76561198040119799,Recommended,226840,23189186,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Leruni,"Great game, best strategy game I have played in years!"
76561198007678130,Not Recommended,226840,10377481,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Thewster,The game quickly degerates into a slog with no interesting decisions or gameplay.
,Recommended,226840,9689408,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,SecretlyAZombie,It's like Civ meets Lord of the Rings!
,Recommended,226840,26395733,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Redrusty66,"It's kind of like playing five or six games of Civ V at the same time, on two maps. If fantasy themed stuff don't turn you off, and if you like 4x strategy of the Civilization variety, it's well worth giving this a try. I'm the type who searches and searches for the perfect game, so I've tried Endless Legend, and Galactic Civilizations, and Empire Earth, and Age of Empires, and Beyond Earth, and on, and on. Age of Wonders 3 is the shizznit.I will say this - if you only play this game for an hour or something and think you've seen it all and it's just silliness. Play through a whole game and you'll see the magic"
76561198066022068,Not Recommended,226840,26417246,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,BOBTHEBUILDER,"Big fan of the series and was very dissapointed in this title.Pros:Graphics are niceCombat gameplay is very solidCons:Lack of races compared to previous titles (big lack)Campaign is poorly designed and hard to followNeutral unit spawning is out of controlIt looks like and sounds nice, but you just feel like its an incomplete game and leaves a lot of questions about what could have been with this title. One of those sequals that makes you want to find the old disc and replay the original."
76561198081104709,Not Recommended,226840,28458951,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,metalkitten55,I honestly tried my best to like this game. My review concerns the custom map set up. The AI in this game is atrocious and bothers me to no end. Playing on a  higher difficulty does not provide a balanced challenge but a number of AI wizards that zero in on your location. They declare war for seemingly no reason. Along with the annoying AI the game also becomes tedious far too fast. In forcing myself to play this game so I can get to the fun part I realized there was no fun part for me. If you are looking for a good sandbox fantasy strategy game I would look elsewhere.
,Not Recommended,226840,13561743,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Keyes,"I played one game against the AI on a large map (two, normal and hard I think). Wars were declared on me constantly by my AI opponents, but I was never attacked. Asking for peace was all it took to get peace every time; two or three turns later they would declare war again without fail. Once I got a few tier 4 units I went out looking for trouble and found that my AI opponents had done nothing to expand. Not a single building or unit was produced by the AI empires the entire game.I haven't played since."
,Recommended,226840,9691357,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,*Rubs hands in Hebrew*,i will never stop having sex with it YOU CANT MAKE ME STOP
76561197998485563,Not Recommended,226840,15479637,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Habilis,"While I like the mechanics and balance of this game more than the previous installation, I found the story mode especially bland and surprisingly slow.Each map played the exact same way, and was a matter of slowly expanding your border, increasing income and tech, then trudging through the ai who makes terrible manoeuvres and tactical decisions.It somehow lacks the charm of the first game."
76561198052543644,Not Recommended,226840,9723040,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,kendrickyeo,"Unfortunately quite a boring game.Number 1 big complain. ALL UNITS and BUILDINGS ARE THE SAME FOR EVERY RACE.Yes. they just renamed it as, dwarf rider, orc rider, human rider, basically the same set of units was used for every race and then given a race specific ability for some tiny insignificant differenceSame as buildings ! ALL BUILDINGS ARE THE SAME FOR EVERY RACE.Omg, horrible.I was really bored.played a random 8 player map with 6 players including me. all A.I were at king level.  Spells were good and had alot of variety. however diplomacy is lacking and there is like nothing to do in the map, because like all units and all buildings, the entire map was populated by basically the same few structures and all monsters were basically the same few types with different names.diplomacy wise, the auto balance is a nice touch. However take note that the crazy A.I will constant trespass on your borders and you will be FLOODED with messages about it. there is no diplomacy option to enfore or follow up on this border thing.overall i have to say it was BORING. Graphics were nice and i encountered only 1 CTD during the whole game."
76561198068002742,Recommended,226840,15363609,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,AK98,An awsome fantasy stratagey game which allows to form great armies and conquer and build up great cities. Age of Wonders III has loads to do especially when it comes to randomly generated maps when doing a quick game to being able to choose from a big mix of races and classes aswell as abilites. There is also custimization when it comes to creating your own leaders. Also the graphics are great. This game is definetley worth the money. Especially if you enjoy having a battle that you can just save and come back to later! Aswell as the option of auto combat or manual! XD
76561197995241559,Recommended,226840,9967785,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Offenbach,This game is so good. Its like heroes of might and magic. Runs well. Im not bored with it like I get with some strategy games after it bogs down mid game.
76561197984138185,Recommended,226840,15371216,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Zindaras,"Age of Wonders III perfects the Age of Wonders formula, and it is an easy recommendation for anyone who's enjoyed the previous games. For those who did not, it's a very good game to get into the series with. At the start of the game, you pick a race and a class for your leader. Your class affects your game very deeply, as each class has access to different spells, different units, and different upgrades that determine your playstyle. Race matters a little bit less, but there are a lot of neat interactions between the various units: the goblins, for example, all have a poison theme, with some inflicting a debuff on their victims that make them weaker to poison damage. With your units and your hero, who gains experience and learns new tricks, you then walk around the world map and enter treasure sites or fight opponents. The tactical battles are great fun, and the massive importance of the flanking mechanic means that good play is rewarded.There are a few points of crticism, however. The campaign is nice, but hasn't really progressed beyond the original's idea of a number of scenarios connected by sheets of text. There are a few scenarios that are really different, and I enjoyed those greatly, but the majority of the campaign felt samey. The biggest point of criticism to the game, however, is the late game. The late game is boring and lacks variety: you're fighting huge battles with only end-tier units (because anything lower would take away important space in your army), so all the cute interactions you get at the start of the game are taken away, as you just mix and mash whatever Tier III or IV units you build, because that just works better. Because every class only has access to one Tier IV unit and two Tier III's, and each race gives you one Tier III unit (which all fill the exact same role), this means that you're basically using 4 units at the end. The battles then become overly long and don't feel as if they reward skill as much as the early-game battles.There's one question that every TBS-game needs to be asked to see whether it's good or not: do you want to play another turn? Since AoW III answers that question with a yes, even in the later stages in the game that I don't enjoy so much, the game gets a solid recommendation from me.Note: this review is for the original game. I will update the review as I buy and play the DLC.Edit: See my review of the Golden Realms for my full thoughts on that DLC, but I think it is a fantastic addition to the game and an absolute must-have. It makes the base game so much more enjoyable, you really don't want to go without it."
76561198047005019,Recommended,226840,13103761,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,AndrewDavid1992,"Age of wonders was a great joy of my younger years.I was pleasantly surprised to see a new installment in the franchise and decided to dive right in.Everything from before is fantastically revitalized and remodeled, if only a little basic on the animation side; it quickly makes up for it with a broad scope of customization and fantastically well executed strategical elements.Fans of the fire emblem series will be also be joyously engrossed in similar feelings as they try to keep their favoured units in play, while deeply engrossed in the sheer magnitude of the leader skill tree and stat progression.one of my new favourites; Highly recommended."
76561198031273221,Recommended,226840,13945284,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sheepscuit,"First of all I'm 50/50 whether to vote up or down for this game.Positives -Overall it's a great looking game.Multiple races add diversityDifferent leader types (Theocrat/Warlord for eg) gives even more diversityHuge range of skills to use in battleUpgrade-able/Leveling up Heroes/LeadersNice, smooth feel to the game play.Battles are fun, with lots of strategy.Negative -This is where I fall out with the game now. I cannot really play it as I want to. I respect and understand now that it's a different type of game than I thought/wanted it to be and these issues are really my own.Simply put the game is NOT an empire builder of any kind.I'm used to the Civ games where I would build/enhance a small empire with all the technology/culture/buildings and then start to spread with superior firepower and bonuses, assimilating one city at a time from the enemy to my empire.Here however, it is much more of a constant, aggressive battle tactic game. Doing my usual tactic, I can research all the stuff, upgrade my cities fully, and yet only be able to produce Tier 3 units. By this point the enemy factions randomly declare war for no reason and are sending wave after wave of Tier 4 units (and really I've only had the chance to build Tier 1/2s and I struggle to change focus and build enough Tier 3 to hold them off.Another slight disappointment is that cities have no defence, if there's no army garrisoned, not even a siege option such as Civ has. So losing cities is VERY easy to do against the higher Tier armies you face.Now as I say, this is mostly just the type of game it is, more akin to the Total War series than Civ.I have tried multiple tactics within my usual play style and none have worked for me yet. So I've put the game down for now, maybe I'll try again in the future.Conclusion -I do recommend this game because of the general quality of it.TL:DR -Buy if you want aggressive, tactical and constant combat.Avoid if you want an Empire Builder with military aspects."
,Recommended,226840,15471965,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,duhsveti,Time vampire
,Recommended,226840,13134053,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Underwhelmed,"The Age of Wonders series has always been the torchbearer for Master of Magic. Age of Wonders 3 (which is actually the 4th game in the series) strays from that original template by actually brining very solid balance to all the various factions in the game, making it something you can play in multiplayer without having to set a bunch of houserules ahead of time.It is pretty, the tactical combat is well designed (and by well designed I mean superior leadership can make a huge difference in the outcome) it has a deep strategic game, and there is a huge variety of units. Each class plays very differently from one another, and each class plays off of the various races differently as well. There has been outstanding post launch support, both bug-fixes, and new content."
76561198063377165,Not Recommended,226840,9903856,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Manchine,Fun game.  Unfortunately its all about attack.  There is no chance for you to take down time and reinforce your bases.  It would be a fun game if it wasn't for this.
,Recommended,226840,13216748,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,twitch.tv/go8bitmaster,"I like 4x. I do. It's a great genre for fans of strategy. After playing hours upon hours of civ 4,  a few of the total war games, warlock 2,  civ 5, then finally beyond earth, I started to get a bit bored on basic science and diplomatic based victories because I just didn't like combat in civ. I picked up Age of Wonders 3 during the past sale, and I'm really enjoying myself. Compared to civ, elements like the way tech and buildings worked took a bit to get used to, but i'm really starting to fall in love with the game. It combines the grand 4x strategy of civ, with a much better combat system similar to what you would see in a hex based strategy game like might and magic, and I feel the fusion was extremely well done. I'm doing something I haven't done in a strategy game like this in a long time, and that is seek out combat. I love the feeling of flanking opponents for massive damage, just to realize I left a commander unguarded and having to wait a few turns before it respawns, and having to build up armies again. I'm still in the middle of my first game, but I can forsee many more in my future, and would recommend this to my civ loving friends out there, especially if you're getting sick of boring combat. 9/10"
76561198058439536,Recommended,226840,14983076,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Lward14,This game is spectacular. I have been a long time fan of the Age of Wonder series and this is just another great additon. For people who do not know what this series is like. Well its basically a mixture of Civilization and HOMM. It focuses mainly on combat and the story line is pretty solid. This addition to the series improved quite a few things but it did leave out a few things that just made the first game so fun. The combat has improved a lot throughout the series and obviously so has the graphics. Diplomacy in this game is there but it is very basic. Some things though I did not enjoy were that the races seem very similar besides their appearance. In the previous games units and spells were based on the races but in this game it is the class. It makes things less diverse. Even though saying that I would rate this game 8/10.
76561197990899808,Recommended,226840,9811262,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,ffbj,This is a excellent game that will give you many hours of enterntainment.
,Recommended,226840,9809733,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Eurmal,Amazingly good. Civilizations meets Master of Magic.
,Recommended,226840,15814749,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,PurpleXVI,"By and large a solid successor to the Age of Wonders series. The combat's been cleaned up to be even more fun, the visuals are nicer, the mechanics more enjoyable and the calculations behind the results more visible, making it far easier to tell what to do to improve your odds and worsen your enemy's. Also features better enemy AI, in my opinion.About the only downside is that a lot of campaign time involves you hauling around sub-heroes that aren't allowed to die, but it's a minor annoyance. You CAN keep them alive, but sometimes you get pinned into situations where all you can do is either cheat, repeatedly reload autosaves hoping for a lucky break OR skip back several turns to your last manual save so you didn't maneuver one of them into an unsaveable situation.It also feels like the spellbook is a lot slimmer for each class(but also like leader class actually matters a lot more this time around, heroes are another system that's vastly improved). I found myself casting spells a lot less than during Shadow Magic... but on the other hand I also found a lot less battles decided by who had the Casting Points left over to spam ""affects all enemies""-spells.Mostly the game feels at a bit of a shortage for ""mid-range"" spells. That is, spells that aren't as battle-changing as Mass Panic, Smoke Screen or the druid's beast summoning, but still have more effect than just outright attacking with your leader(or having them use an ability like Convert or such). At the moment it feels like most of the spells are either AT the level of just attacking/using an ability or they're huge battlefield-affecting stuff.Still, overall, I'd say the game's an improvement on Shadow Magic, which my impression is that most people consider to be the apex of Age of Wonders so far. The expansions are also nice additions.And of course the soundtrack is just to die for. I absolutely love it.Only thing I have absolute criticism for is the voice-overs between campaign missions. They're just not very well done, though the writing's fine."
76561198007658769,Recommended,226840,16266436,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,{CJF}Percyvalerius,An innovative fantasy turnbased strategy game with real time battles. Good storyline and diverse in characters and maps.
76561198056103574,Recommended,226840,13444782,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,marsdome,"Hundred plus hours in, loving every second of it.  A solid empire builder coupled with a fantastic turn-based combat system and diverse unit list.  Hilarious in the combos you can think up.  Dragons, Unicorns and goblins versus Orcs, Giants and spiders, the list goes on and on.  Gorgeous to look at, and a blast to play :)"
,Recommended,226840,14850719,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Doctor Hades,"Civilization V meets Heroes of Might & Magic is how I would best describe this game.The fantasy setting is hardly original but the game is gorgeously presented with an easy to use interface, lovely artwork and graphics (anti-aliasing is poor but you can force MSAA+SGSSAA via the driver if you have an NVIDIA graphics card) and a wonderfully atmospheric musical score that fits the game perfectly.Thankfully, the game plays as good as it looks and sounds as well. I've found the game to be very immersive and entertaining, even relaxing as you can focus on building up your cities and forces and set the combat to Auto and just watch it unfold in real-time if you wish.If you are a fan of this genre then this is a must-have in my opinion."
,Recommended,226840,13903875,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Knight-Captain Hyperion,"Age of wonders is a fun game to play with friends, simpler than Sid Meiers Civilization series while powering most of the same punches, this game is well worth the purchase if multiplayer is your focus.Alternatively, Age of Wonders simplicity is its downfall as the game quickly loses the players interest in a single-player environment. A weak story, last-gen model graphics, and a strangely flat ""custom hero"" option leaves me wondering if Age of Wonders shouldn't be classified as an Arcade title, rather than a full-package game."
,Recommended,226840,13985341,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Grimmnir,Never expected an Age of Wonders III
76561198024742975,Recommended,226840,14250246,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,come[back]home,"Amazing game, you will not regret buying. Anyone considering this should buy because it is a worthy investment both for your money and for your time spent as a gamer on this top quality product/company."
,Recommended,226840,14312424,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Lycanthrope,"One of my all-time favourite turn-based strategy games.+ Great artstyle (despite a somewhat Everquest 2 goofiness about some character models).+ Excellent combat.+ A number of interesting races to play as.+ Interesting classes that influence your playstyle.+ Cities that (sort of) reflect what you've built.- Incredibly frustrating netcode regarding ""simultaneous turns."" You can't do anything while another player performs combat and, possibly even more grating, ""simultaneous"" somehow means that every action taken by players is stacked (i.e. you clicked before me so your action will take place before mine does). It slows gameplay in multiplayer down considerably and manages to be a huge pain in the rear while you wait for everything to happen. Suggestion: play in borderless windowed mode and occupy yourself between turns.- An idiotic launcher login system with a truly godawful backend (read: no username change support short of e-mailing technical support and no registering a new account to get past that because, alas the game is linked to your Steam account). Why? Because ""herp derp we want our own services outside of Steam to prevent teh piracies"" that's why. Or at least it's the only explanation I've come across for it."
76561197967625918,Recommended,226840,13233850,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Kman,"Great epic atmosphere, between the graphics and music, probably the best music ever in a game of this type and probably best graphics to date as well. Nice in between game a mix of Heros of Might Magic and Civ. The battles are both good and bad, I mean they can get so large and lengthy you just end up doing quick battle after a while, but they are also something to watch and control as well. Lots of different troops and enemies, tons of skills, spells, and abilities. High level of quality with good dev support so far."
,Recommended,226840,9975852,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Darrus,An excellent game for the genre and a faithful sequal to a series that was long overdue for another installment. AoW III has all the best parts of Civ 5 combined with the high fantasy that the series is known for.
,Recommended,226840,28847417,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TheStormWarriors,"The Biggest time sucker I've ever played, not only is this game incredibley well designed it is an experience in which the player and the user learn that time is the most valuable asset to a player."
76561198104111610,Recommended,226840,9876515,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Bob Vortix,"As a fan of aow 1, 2 i say version 3 is very good"
,Recommended,226840,9872435,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Yiff me harder,A more combat focused civ I love it
76561198032336724,Recommended,226840,15529775,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,jconsort,"121.2 hrs last two weeks / 5,147 hrs on recordII  play this game only on sandbox. Combination of a fantasy Civ 5 , Endless legend (also a good game). Very modable , many options for single play. Smooth UI, good customer support, I love this game and getting it on sale was just perfect (I am cheap). Each hour of entertainment comes to less than a penny!"
76561198053924708,Recommended,226840,31520719,Posted: 3 May,all,thethor55,"You will spend tons of hours on it. The workshop is great for new content and just in general there is a lot of variety in factions and classes. If you enjoy 4x games and rpgs, this is a good combination of both."
76561198056549423,Recommended,226840,10964749,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,branell10,great game
,Recommended,226840,15412097,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,codexus,"A very good strategy game in a fantasy setting. There is an empire management side somewhat similar but not as deep as Civilization but also turn based tactical battles between armies where you command each of your heroes and units.In my opinion, the battles are the best part, there are tons of different races and units with unique abilities providing lots of opportunities for tactics and combos."
76561198029751571,Recommended,226840,11125618,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Rexnos,"A very, very pretty game with a great deal of potential. However, it has a lot of the same flaws as Civ 5 before the three expansions to fix them. Diplomacy options are non-existent or straight bad and late game fighting (which is the only option) is a slog. However, the turn-based combat system really rewards smart, tactical play and the available units are inventive, diverse and interesting. With a few additions to late game versatility, AoW 3 could really be a 4X contender."
76561197961335132,Recommended,226840,31524030,Posted: 3 May,all,The Epic Whale,"It's not bad, but certainly not as good as Age of Wonders 2. I find myself clicking the auto-combat button all the time. Certainly not something i did in AoW2."
,Recommended,226840,9730534,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Jake,fun strategy
,Recommended,226840,9774327,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Renkuya,"I wouldn't consider myself the best at reviewing things, but this game deserves my attempt. I'd recommend this game to anybody that liked Civ, Warlock or HoMM. Age of Wonders III blends mechanics from all three games pretty well without leaving anything out. You get your basic city/empire building stuff from older Civ games, and the much enjoyable combat from HoMM. While you could complain that the game sort of reskins every unit instead of actually having ""different"" units I say it's a good thing. You can play an Assassin of any race and still get the ""same"" units such as Orc Assassin or Human Assassin. To me this ""reskinning"" feels more like a great mixing of different races with the same class.TLDR; Great game, has a bit of everything and totally worth the buy."
76561198047761032,Recommended,226840,9748181,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Brodo Faggins,magical civ so kool
76561197970535262,Recommended,226840,9692885,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,BillyD,"Yay! Thank you for getting me out of my gaming rutt. For months, nothing was keeping my attention for long at all until this gem came along. I love it ( except for the fact that you have somehow included a time machine and my nights seem to be dissapearing fast !!! )"
,Recommended,226840,9767657,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,_____,Fun game
,Recommended,226840,9775402,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Screamingiraffe,One of the few actually 'fun' games i've gotten on Steam. Highly recommended
,Recommended,226840,9758941,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Zxoronto,"So far, this game is living up to they hype.  Having a chance to play every race and class, there seem to be perhaps the need for a few minor balancing issues.  Most of the main concerns are already underway in future patch releases.  Minor bugs exist, but nothing game-breaking from what I have seen.  The ONLY downside so far is the inability to connect directly to play with a friend.  Fiddling with the router/port forwarding, etc may be necessary to play across their servers in multiplayer.This game gives more versatility than any of the previous games with the class/race system.  It stays simplified and is quick to pick up if having played previous games.  One new difference is the DOMAIN feature.  It sure saves from scrambling for nodes!For those who have not played any of the previous games in this series, it is a turn-based tactical game.  Multiplayer tends to be slower than single, but with customizable terrains to add to the random map generating, options are endless!"
,Recommended,226840,9700996,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Macheath,AW YISS
76561198004153726,Recommended,226840,9713403,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Admiral Ackbar,Incredibly good game. I would definitely recommend it to anyone that enjoys strategy games.
76561198144338064,Not Recommended,226840,14586471,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Amuk,Difficult to figure out how to play. Tutorial or intro doesnt exist.
76561198149037095,Recommended,226840,30196210,Posted: 26 February,all,Vogelmeister,"You know how in most fantasy games the lore of the world consists of truly grand historical events, and yet they are often told through exposition dumps and feel completely abstract and irrelevant? Well, in Age of Wonders 3 history happens here and now, and you are the one making it.Don't expect it to be a 4X game though, it's much more similar to Heroes of Might and Magic III or even King's Bounty. The game takes place on separate maps (pre-designed, randomly generated or user-created) and the story campaigns are focused on individual characters and their heroic exploits. Expect to fight a lot, because combat is the meat of this game. It's incredibly deep, with dozens (probably hundreds) of units, spells, abilities and synnergies between them.But what makes it really special is how magic works. I think this game might have every type of spell ever conceived by a fantasy author. Seriously. Making too much mana and not enough gold? Cast a persistent spell that literally makes it rain money upon your city. Having trouble sieging an outpost with stone walls? Cast some climbing vines that will slowly corrode them turn by turn. Or maybe just infest the city with a plague of insects. You can summon entire armies of gargantuan creatures instead of producing units the old-fashioned way. It's ridiculous. There's a crazy amount of possibilities. And then there's two expansions, both of which probably have more content than the entire Heroes VII. And then there are mods.However, most of these things you will have to find out for yourself. The tutorial doesn't do a good job of explaining core mechanics of the game. And while experimenting with magic and army compositions is great fun, some aspects of empire management could have been explained a bit better.So if you're looking for a standard 4X game, you won't find it here. But if you're looking for deep tactical combat, powerful spells and fantasy adventures, this is one of the most impressive strategy games to come out in recent years."
,Recommended,226840,13595660,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Timevir,"Honestly, it's rare these days to be able to play through a recent game completely without encountering bugs at all. I think this is one of the best games released all year."
,Recommended,226840,14753369,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Komomo,pretty ok
76561197995238262,Recommended,226840,29443201,Posted: 23 January,all,N20Joe,This is a great 4x fantasy 4x game
76561198007389963,Recommended,226840,13566449,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mug,"As an old fan of Master of Magic, Age of Wonders: Shadow Magic and the Fall From Heaven Civ4-mod, my hope when purchasing this was that it would replace the current game, my small group of hardcore ""slow"" strategy gamers played against eachother. Especially the promise that a Play by Email function would be included, made all of us pre-buy it before it came out.So what did we get?We got an absolutely stunning turn-based game, that takes a lot of the best that all games before it had. It has this feeling of immersion that makes you want to play again and again.Notice that I say ""a lot of the best"", because it is not perfect... Yet. I'll tell you a bit about why it will be.Multi-player.The online multiplayer is easy and very solid, compared to most other games. Of course, since it takes a lot of time to play a Age of Wonders III game, having several people being connected for days will eventually experience drop-outs. Getting back up unfortunately requires a full re-load and reconnect, but nothing is lost when it happens.Triumph has been promising us a Play be Email function since before the game came out, and it should be very close to release. When it does, multi-player games will explode in number. And to top it off, Triumph has already described some details that might make this the easiest to use PBEM function ever. You always have problems with who has the turn, but Triumph might be able to fix that problem, which I believe would be first and best in gaming history. It would be... Perfect.Tactical combatNot much to say. It has never been done better. Every tactical battle can be approached differently, and the troops you bring to the combat changes everything. Oh, and sound and video is beautiful and interesting. AOWIII tactical is just... Perfect.Depth and contentWhen the game released, although it was beautiful and the engine worked very well, felt like a dumbed-down version of AOW: Shadow Magic. Fewer races, the items on the map felt the same, and every game played more or less the same with an off-balanced strategy, that could win all games, so everyone did just that.But it's Triumph, guys!: For every patch, DLC, upgrade and whatever they decide to call it, the game has become richer and funnier to play. The new game function of having treasure sites making specific troops types better (like a mithril source in Master of Magic) makes every city a possible specialist city to be nurtured and defended. With new races, classes, treasure huts, and stuff springing up continually, this game seems like a friendship that grows for every expansion. With the ideas already on Triumphs existing idea list, when it comes to depth and content, all these guys have to do is show up for work, and this game will be... Perfect.ReplaybilityLet's face it. Every game gets old at some point. Only a few games stand out and goes into history as ""the game we played for ages"". What was it that made Shadow Magic better than AOW vanilla, Fall from Heaven better than Civ 4 vanilla? Every game played out differently. Why is it that most people only plays CIV5 and CIV:Beyond Earth for a few weeks and then move on? Because every game basically plays out the same.AOWIII is at risk here.The classes of AOWIII is the distinguishing part that does not make every game bland, but will it be enough? Fall from Heaven changed CIV4 with the interesting notion of going from ""research everything"" to ""You can only afford one way through the research tree, so choose the path that plays well with what you have found in this particular game"". And it changed everything. The research tree of AOWIII has few differences based on magical affinity, but a Tier II summon basically does the same, cost the same, and appear at the same time. There's not that much strategy, and you will typically choose the same spell strategy every time.Cities are almost entirely the same, races don't alter things much. A bit has already been done there, giving the races racial traits. For instance, the bard is equipped with a bow. But a High Elf Bard now has a Longbow, which makes all the difference. But the other races? It's much the same. All cities function, all cities gives basically the same amount of resources. In Shadow Magic, I found myself changing populations several times a game: Only two races could grow the essential crops in shadow world, so better make it one of those. Some races had alignments that made them impossible to hold unless you did something, Cities could be physically moved away from a lost area, if you repopulated it with nomads. Elf cities hid themselves behind trees. You had choices. In AOWIII every race will join you without too much trouble and the cities are basically the same. Alignment doesn't really play a role, although the mechanic is there.The general feeling is a well-known one: The new school game developers are scared about alienating the impatient youths that nothing in the game must be frustrating. Only problem is, turnbased games are too slow to hold impatient players anyways, so trying to cater for everyone just makes the game bland, instead of making possibilities soar. If you have ever played 100+ multiplayer rounds of the same game, you know that when you stop being able to surprise your opponents, you are ready to move on.If, however, the developers should go all in on making things feel... different... then this game already has everything needed in place. In fact, with increased replayability, some of it already in the pipeline, this game has the potential to go from great to... absolutely perfect.I absolutely recommend this game to every turn-based strategy gamer out there."
76561198028433860,Recommended,226840,9690346,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Windrunner,I'm really enjoying it so far. Totally worth it.
76561197993852361,Not Recommended,226840,13628355,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,moon22370,"This is my first review so it might need some work.  I loved the previous games but this one is not right for me.  Maybe a 6/10.  Also I don't do multiplayer so maybe I'm missing something.Pros:- Interesting races and minionsCons:- Graphics are so so.- Sound isn't very good.- Enemy AI isn't very good.  Almost never seems to attack unless I do first.  This is on normal setting.  I'll up it next time.- Research and building structures isn't laid out very well.  You only know what you get for the next upgrade after you build or research something.  A more comprehensive graphic map/flow chart would be useful to know what I get later.I have tried to attack the enemy early in the game to no avail.  They seem to build faster or have more money at the start of the game while I'm still trying to get my funds up.  So I wait for quite a few turns (50+) until I get my buildings up to make stronger units.  The entire time the enemy doesn't attack.  I finally my army and kill all with no trouble.  Although, as I said, maybe I need to turn it to a higher difficulty.I just loved the previous versions so much and this one is kind of a let down so far.I'll update if I see anything new on harder levels."
76561198025275052,Recommended,226840,14012147,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Palinchron,"I am VERY picky when it comes to liking - or rather: falling in love with - turn based strategy games, but let me tell you this: AoW3 rocks and is one of my all-time favourites. Its' beautiful, full of charm, runs smoothly, has a nice complexity and gameplay depth, great replayability - and most importantly: the developers are very, very nice and open for suggestions.The basic game startet out as a 7/10 for me (I AM picky), but through patches solving a number of gameplay issues and the first expansion easily hit a 9/10. For those of you who do not know, a second expansion is on its way and will be released rather soon. On its way to perfection.Both thumbs up for this one, I could not recommend it more strongly!"
76561198045735546,Not Recommended,226840,13721312,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,kithsander,"I started on Age of Wonders way back in the end of high school / beginning of college. I loved it. I played by myself until I met a guy in one of my college classes that just happened to play as well. I've spent days worth of time playing the original.  AoW2, both with and without the expansion, were great games. Really enjoyed them too.My big complaint, and the big complaint that will forever keep me from really thoroughly enjoying this game is the release of the rest of the races that should have been included in the original game as add on content. It's really a shame, IMO, that a game with such great pedigree would be reduced to peddling out it's content for additional dollars.AoW3 devs, you've turned my innocent little game that I loved so much into the video game equivalent of the meth addicted stripper exchanging illicit favors for money."
76561198023064826,Not Recommended,226840,9989934,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Mugwump,"Uninstalled a little over a week after purchasing - this game was a massive disappointment! Poorly optimised, horribly balanced, shallow and uninteresting, Age of Wonders III fails to deliver in near every regard. Certainly not worth the price of entry."
76561198044477454,Not Recommended,226840,10940062,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Whiskers,"do not purchase this game until they fix multi player. This is the reason most of us purchased the game and it dosnt work. i constantly have under 100 ping yet i have a ""poor connection"" and cant even create games. 70 percent of players play alone FIX THISCant recommend this until bugs are fixed"
76561198005220043,Not Recommended,226840,11326262,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,arakinas,"I had a lot of hope for this game.I had a lot of disapointment with this game. Everything in the game is at best ""ok"". There is no real progression tree telling you what you need to research to get what, or how far through the research you were. The range on ranged weapons is ridiculously small and the penalty for the range was even more ridiculous. Apparently no one on the development team has ever spoken with or researched historical bow range increments.The melee combat is pretty stupid with the implementation of flanking. Apparently if an enemy is approaching you, and outside of one step away, your unit would never think to watch them closing in on you, and thus should be be able to annhialate you. If you were actively engaged with an enemy, this makes sense. When you aren't engaged? The development team shows just as much initiative in considering melee combat as they did with ranged.The magic use in tactical and strategic combat ranges from flavorless to boring to pointless. There are uses for magic other than nailing a ranged attack on an enemy, but most of them are not any more effective, so there isn't a point in doing so most of the time.The replayability factor in this game is non-existant. It's not a terrible game, it's just not engaging, exciting, or really entertaining. It's blah in practically every way, and a huge disapointment."
76561198038286084,Not Recommended,226840,11383655,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Shockz,"It is quite fun for the first few maps, but quickly gets boring. The game has a crippling lack of depth and gets extremely repetative after the first few games. The game is pretty much solely focused on combat, as combat is the only win condition and there is very little strategy outside of it. The tactical combat is well done and enjoyable for a little while, however most games end up with armies full of the highest tier units smacking into each other. The game gets extremely boring quite quickly because of that. Would not recommend at full price."
,Not Recommended,226840,11685796,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,KindOfExcellent,"This is my second time writing a review of this game. When it first came out it was horribly unbalanced and the AI cheesed hardcore to compensate for poor AI. I don't notice any AI improvement, and the high level unit spam continues still, although everyone said it was fixed. The AI does have its moments, in tactical combat the cannons line up shots nicley, for example. I was able to progress since the big update, but the AI spam, makes the game repetitive and tedious.The graphics are good, music is ok, not as good as past games. The game feels a bit slow and clunky, but my machine is a few years old. The single player game offers challenge to the seasoned AoW player. Players new to the genre will suffer.This game still does suffer from a common issue; easy is too easy and normal is too hard. The AI starts off with much more resouses you have and sends high level armies to attack you non stop, eventually you can just find your self in dead end games where you basically have to give up and start over. Setting the difficulty down is no solution as easy is no challenge and no fun.Ultimately, I’m mildy satisfied. Worth a play if you have nothing better to do and a lot of patience.4/10"
,Not Recommended,226840,10908621,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Everlife,"Don't waste your time if you have any interest in city building.  The only way to succeed in AoW3 is to rush at the first turn.  There is no economy, there is no cultural development, and there is no questing with your hero characters.  This game is all about zerging with Tier 1 units.  If you choose to spend time developing your cities, prepared to be overwhelmed by your 3-4 enemy NPCs (not counting Independent colonies).Choose to defend your city?  That's a waste of your time.I really tried hard to like this game, but I couldn't do it.  This is not turn-based strategy, it is a zerg fest plain and simple."
,Recommended,226840,13918320,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sydney's World,"Although lacking the ""wonder"" of the previous Age of Wonders, there is still enough strategy and interest to make the hours pass quickly. There is not much in the way of storyline or characters. The AI presents a decent challenge at ""Lord"" and will indeed crush you if you go any higher than that. Once I beat a couple of random maps and the campaigns I had enough, but it was well worth the cost."
,Not Recommended,226840,15392778,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,! Taz the Husky,Great idea but executed poorly
,Recommended,226840,34227926,Posted: 13 August,all,Cuckie Fister,This is a good game. I like it.
76561198044407951,Recommended,226840,9765061,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Hobgoblin,"Only The Wise Man Survives !!!! ^^such an epic  overall game i'd advice any Strategy player to buy it , its well made i give it 10/10 and the idea is upgardeable they could make it a bigger game in the future .u dont make a unit and be sure this unit kills that unitits more of a players mind and skills then the unit compu dont nuke win  u use powerful spells but in big cost its so well balanced i played most of the TBS games and this is the best of them allpm be anyday u want to play it ^^"
,Recommended,226840,15411561,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Cryoned,"After some patches and with the second expansion, this game is with endless legend one of the best modern fantasy 4x right now. Add on top of the 4X layer a strong and great tactical combat and you get AoW 3.You can't go wrong with this, it is close to AoW:SM in quality."
,Recommended,226840,14796648,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,divinepurity,The devs continue to put a lot of love into this amazing game. It is a very fun and immersive 4x with great communication between the devs and the fans.
76561198021852773,Recommended,226840,14944163,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,mecklenberg,"How do you know when a game has surpassed its predeccessors? I believe it's at the moment that you start to think of the current version, rather than its predecessors, as definitive of the series.With update 1.5 (still beta as it is) AOWIII has now reached that stage.Let me give you an example.I am a sorceror-dwarf playing on the far right of the map, and peaceful with my immediate neighbors.  Voraditius the Theocrat is on the far left and quickly disposes of his Orc-Warlord neighbour, then declares war on me. This is at about turn 60, so both sides have top-level units available. We both decide - that's the correct expression, I'm sure -  to conduct reconnaissances in force on each other's territory.  I drop a couple of Horrors into my defending stack and see his raiders off handily. It's what happens at the other end of the map that is so brilliant. Bear in mind that I'm adding a Horror to my invaders each other turn, or a erpent each turn If I run low on troops, plus various gold conventional troops totalling two stacks. at the outset.Voraditius plays like Napoleon.Attack his towns? Those anaemic looking defennders turn out to be backed up with the power of Shrine of Animation, which brings back my own troops as undead on his team. Ignominious defeat.Probe for weaknesses? He concentrates his stacks with diabolical ingenuity and sends me packing with heavy losses.I send another hero with a stack of Naga units. Same thing happens - Immobilisation is killing me. Eventually I have to rethink and send the right units and heroes to tackle the Napocrat and his omnipotent Shrines of Smiting.It helps to sac units to distract his armies to positions where they can be picked off. I'm also sending futher troops (giants and siege equipment to tackle the walls, which I should probably have done at the start). I catch Voraditius the little Corsican in the open and send him to the void for a couple of turns, during which I can run riot, Black Prince style. At last we face other in a huge Waterloo-type battle where I have only 3 units left at the end. Voraditius capitulates. Pure Turing - no way of telling he was 'just' an AI opponent.Only one issue; Another opponent kept declaring war on Voraditius even after he was defeated. Entirely understandable, but a little strange.All this in simple a random scenario. Ten thumbs up - a new classic is born."
,Recommended,226840,16549093,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Someone Else,"You've played Civ V, where you made alliances with city states and declared war on other civilizatios? You've played LOTR where u were able to play as an orcish warlord or an elven lord? Now think of them combined. Here you go, you have Age of Wonders III, a 4x game with mythological races and other elements (orcs, goblins, fairies, giants and exc.)As a HUUUUGE fan of AOW:SM, gotta say that this one is not good as it's predecessor, however it's still great. Had a lot of fun with it and I'm sure I'll have some more.8/10"
76561197972576593,Not Recommended,226840,14156732,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Amoc,"A game with great ideas and competent design, but broken by simple details that shouldn't ever be this much of a problem.I'll say first that I haven't played this game a lot.  I played on a couple of maps and some of the campaign but even in that time I saw virtually everything I needed to see.  The game is fantastically designed in terms of artwork, battle system and even map design.  My first impression was extremely good.Unfortunately, it all falls apart due to basic things like unit variety, balancing and pacing.  The devs did such a terrible job designing, differentiating and balancing their units that all the things the game does right ends up being worthless.  High tier units are way too easy to acquire, cost way too little, and are soooo much better than all of the lower tier units that you never want to/should build anything else than full stacks of whatever your faction's T4 unit is.It's dumb and it would be so easy to fix.  That makes it all the more frustrating."
76561197978024377,Recommended,226840,13877604,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,shaseki,"By far one of the best x4 strategy games out there within 2014 releases.It's storyline gives an offer for new comers and veterans to pursue two different storylines which additional DLC for more, not to mention the steam workshop which is relentlessly bringing out more and more content for fans.The gameplay is superior to any x4 strategy games I have come across in recent times. It takes the Might and Magic fans to a whole new level. Taking bits and pieces from other genre releases and developing it into this fine game.In-house level system, for heroes, army combatants and spells. Along with city wide development.The AI is good however at times can be a little predictable after the 20-30 hour mark of playing - but overall a very solid platform for repeatability and coming back to play the game.8 and a half Unicorns and out of 10"
76561198039423585,Recommended,226840,29494841,Posted: 25 January,all,jcorliss7,"Ok...The truth is I have to warn you , that this game will be that ""just one more turn"" game. highly addictive... Very Articulate time-consuming game...  And i have loved every minute,hour,Day of it... Most impressive."
76561198008910619,Recommended,226840,13578969,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dizciple,Definitely a must have for any AOW fans. I enjoyed the Dwarves cannons all over again!
76561198001784686,Recommended,226840,15437302,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Beaghan,Great Game. It reminds me of Fallen Enchantress or Heroes of Might and Magic. If you like those then you'll probably love it. Tons of replayability and the campaigns are very in depth. You'll get many many hours from this game for your money.
,Recommended,226840,15437637,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Vermind,"I have only limited experience with this game so far.I was a big fan of AoW and AoW2. This one seems to capture what AoW 2 was, with some more thrown in. Tactical battles and strategy both feel organic and natural coming from AoW 2.One thing that confused me at first was that the number of guys standing in a unit is just a representation of the health bar, it does not reduce the effectiveness of the unit. The core game includes my favorite faction: Draconians, and most of the AoW 2 factions.I do have one minus for now: The Necromancer, Tigrans, Frostlings, and Halflings need to be bought separately in DLC, and that DLC seems expensive compared to the main game. There are no high men / Archons as far as I know, even in DLC."
76561197993455216,Recommended,226840,15433600,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Egghead,"Still too early on to make a definitive declaration, but from the several hours I have played this game is going down as a classic 4X time sync.  Incredible detail has been paid into creating a unique set of characters and a world rich in magic, mystery, and adventure.I have played a few hours of each class and the wide array of skills, spells, and monsters ensures endless hours of conquest mayhem.I look forward trying this game with friends, as it looks like a great multiplayer game as well."
76561197966047768,Recommended,226840,15440467,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Mr. Snerdly,"Excellent Game. I absolutely love it. Even though there are some features that are missing from the previous games, you all have done a wonderful job in modernizing it! The expansions are top notch as well! Update: One thing that the game really needs is a random map generator for the editor that comes with the game. It would also be nice to be able to add new units and edit their stats as well."
,Recommended,226840,9690533,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Pirate King,I enjoy it. At least it's not a bad Civ 5 clone. (Looking at you Warlock.)
76561197989471745,Recommended,226840,13877296,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Che,"If youre a fan of Age Of Wonders, Heroes Of Might And Magic or Disciples - thats your choice!"
,Not Recommended,226840,13593985,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Phobia,"Same problem as AoW and AoWII, AI takes forever to move."
76561197971116718,Not Recommended,226840,13736619,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sirian,"This game had a decent number of positive elements, but the way that the army with initiative (faction currently playing its turn) can exploit and manipulate the combat initiation to engage only part of an enemy force (and wipe it out with force of numbers) was a terrible deal-breaker for me. I might have been able to avoid exploiting this mechanic myself, and try to get more fun out of the game, but the AI was trained to exploit it, too. *shakes head* Since the AI had to be coded to do that, this is apparently what passes for ""strategy"" in this title. Sorry, no thanks."
,Not Recommended,226840,13824380,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,BloodshotGamer525,"I thought I was going to get a game with the same ideas as civ, but in a fantasy setting, this game seems like civ for the first 40-60 turns, but after that no matter the difficulty the AI spam units and bum rush your cities, so if your looking for a strategic game with similar layout and design to civ that's sole purpose is military, this is a great game for you, but for me it felt a bit lack luster and the only goal to win any match is through military, it also didn't feel like any noticeable difference between races you played besides what territory they liked and hated, the classes however had a definite notice when I played a different one, they had different researches to study and your leader had big differences in stats and spells depending on your class, no game goes over 200 turns really and most I played didnt reach 150 even, I definitely think this game is worth picking up if your a civ fan who likes military prowess, but I don't feel like it's worth its price as of now."
76561198045998891,Recommended,226840,26364769,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,eagles3773,"The game is a very fun and great 4x tile, with more of a focus on combat and quicker overall 4x game than a much deeper 4x like civ. Because of this you get cooler rpg systems, great combat (the best selling feature of this game because of the abundance of units, skills that are varied and useful (just always attacking is not the best way to go, I like this), heros, mana/spells, maps that reflect 4x map, and much more), more action, and just overall fun. So maybe not the absolute deepest 4x, but worth it because it has a different focus which makes it unique and different from other 4x. Also with the continued development and expansions, and optional mods the game has gotten way better. So if you pasted it up before, look into it again and see if it is for you. If you like 4x games, this could become one of your favorites! PS (The sales price is awesome at 75%, but I have no regrets buying the game with only the small price cut that I got.)"
,Recommended,226840,9705169,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Sarda,Best way to describe this game is a simplified version of Fallen Enchantress. Its still fun. If Civ5 is the most complicated strategy game you can play you'd get along great with this game.
76561198027541486,Not Recommended,226840,10643868,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MaverickRS,"It just feels way more as an adventure rather than as a strategy game. You just go from battle to battle following the game script and leveling up until you cover the entire map. There is really no way to loose unless you want to, despite the difficulty level.If adventure is your thing than go for it. Just don’t expect a lot of thinking involved for this one."
76561197967154947,Recommended,226840,29370989,Posted: 19 January,all,randomino,It sure is a fantasy 4X
76561198045197747,Recommended,226840,31513264,Posted: 2 May,all,Keksi,"AoW I Felling, with newer graphics and some new mechanics. Definitely woth a try!"
76561198030665731,Not Recommended,226840,28327803,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,kckaz,"I was excited to play this game, but I found it very annoying.  Sometimes getting past the annoying parts of games can be very satisfying...for me it just stayed annoying.   I found the UI to be choppy, and most parts of the gameplay less than fluid.  Some may love it, but this one was definitely not for me."
,Recommended,226840,16726461,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Anxious,Great hex based strategy fantasy game.Creating your our leaders and playing different races make each game different.The game gives you quests to complete if you want and you will receive a reward for doing so.Amazing game really recommended
76561198020976111,Not Recommended,226840,13856497,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,alexander267,"Meh, boring civ 5 knockoff with eleves and warlocks.. I should never have bought it,, boring.."
76561198042981595,Recommended,226840,16114992,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Fugitive Utopian,"Great Game, If you like a fantasy war game that is focused on the troops and battles with light city management, this will be a game you will enjoy. You have to get all DLC to make the game feel whole. My only other complaint was about PBEM function but that was addressed in the Eternal Lords Expac."
76561198006463711,Recommended,226840,15763097,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Tropicdragon,I recommend this game but won't post a review. Deal with it.
76561198028682072,Recommended,226840,15804384,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Quakernuts,"Have you ever thought that Civilization needed more personality than some pompous know it all from the annals of history strutting around on a horse or something?  Well look no farther as we delve into a world filled with magical creatures such as Dragons, Griffins, Goblins, Orcs, and Succubi...Sweet sweet succubi...Ahem...where was I?Oh yes, the game!  A turn based strategy that does it's best to capture the feel of Civilization with a couple of added bonuses.  Whenever you get into a battle, you end up in a turn based battle scenario with each of your units crying for attention and wanting to kick some♥♥♥♥♥  While it may seem like a standard ""Click unit, click enemy, repeat"" type of battle method, there are subtle nuances that keep everything in check.  Such as positioning, obstruction for arrows and spells, morale and overall health of a unit that affects their damage output as the battle progresses.  Each race has their own racial bonuses to add to the pile, couple that with your class as well and you have a ton of possibilities as to how your units will fare depending on a situation.  There's enough choice and consequence here to make each game unique.Speaking of units, let's talk about the big one.  Your hero, head honcho, leader, dictator and ruler of the overworld.  A custom created character (Or pre-made cause you're boring and no one likes you) that can and probably should be your most powerful unit late game.  They are just one of many heroes that you can hire and use to lead your armies, although your hero has the benefit of respawning after several turns if they are killed, unlike hired heroes.There are a few gripes, such as the low singular army count, as in you can only have 5 units in one army meaning that no battle feels as big as it should without several individual armies backing you up.  The game, at least for me, has a tendency to be bogged down with latency issues.  Clicking and waiting several seconds for the character to pick up on the fact that I'm smacking his or her head in a general direction.  Also, my biggest complaint about the game has to be the multiplayer matchmaking using a P2P (Peer to Peer) network model that requires individual computers to connect to each other.  Understandable from a business perspective, allowing them to shirk off having to run servers, but painfully obnoxious when it comes to the layman just trying to get together with his buds and having to literally turn off his firewall just to connect to anyone.Virus's ho, right?All in all though, the game is generally fun to play if somewhat slower paced than many people are probably hoping for.  The customization of units and the leader of your faction lends to it some sense of personality and attachment as your Orc Dreadnought leads several landships into battle. If you are playing single player, then the mutliplayer connection issues are non-existent.  The latency issues might rear their head even in single play, but being that it's turn based isn't too much of a problem.If you liked turn based games with RPG mechanics mixed in, you'll like AoW III."
,Recommended,226840,15731821,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,UnscrewedSage,excelent remake of a classic
,Recommended,226840,15764352,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Raio Boss,"I've been playing the videogame for a while. I've been waiting ages since age of wonders 2. The game, generally, is really good. It's the same game, just improved graphically and with some new features (such as vassalls system). The only thing that I don't really like is that , imho, you can unlock powerful units in a short time, and once this is done, you can simply create them and conquest around... That's what I didn't like of this game.. Basic units such as swordsmen and archers become almost useless if you have big creatures spawned everywhere. I think it should be rebalanced.. maybe with a maximum amount of special / powerful units that can be summoned / recruited. At least, this way, the game would be more challenging and strategic, and every unit would count in your army. But, generally, the game is really good."
,Recommended,226840,15706632,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Invelious,"An amazing game, and perfect follow up for the Age of Wonders series."
76561198039929207,Recommended,226840,15749935,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,whathappenus,"I almost didn't got this game because many people here say that it is just a Civilization clone. I love Civ but I was not going to play another Civ mod. But I saw it on sale and decided to get it. So to get this out of the way: this is not a Civ mod. It doesn't feel like a Civ game. The emphasis here is combat not building civilizations. The main point of the game is that you have M different races for your heroes and N different classes, giving you an NxM possible ways to build your heroes. They are very different from one another depending of your race and class. Playing a rogue/gnome plays vastly different than a dreadnought/dwarf, just to give an example. This gives the game  a vast replay value.Each hero  carries an army of 5 units (six including the hero which is also a unit in battle). Battles can be fought with up to 6 armies. These are fought on battlefields that open up like in Heroes of Might and Magic. Battlefields can be a city and if you attack it many armies surrounding the city, the battlefield will show the town perhaps surrounded by walls and the armies surrounding the city in all directions. Battlefields can be in open spaces with obstacles in between. This is really cool and makes battles complex affairs.Outside of the battle you control cities, build new cities, and build/research armies and upgrades. Positioning your heroes prior to the battle is an interesting strategic element. You might start approaching a city trying to surrounded it only to see an enemy hero attack one of your armies that might have come to close to the city. So you might loose that army and weaken your forces to take the city.Plus points:+ Not a Civ clone. This is a different turn-based game+ Emphasis on combat; not so much in empire management+ Strong RPG elements; many different classes and units that makes you want to play again with different combinations+ Many cool items and gear for your heroes can be found scattered in the map+ lengthy campaign and randomly generated scenarios+ Difficulty levels so you can start easy or make it challengingMinus points:- Graphic/isometric view is good but nothing to call home about- Storyline in the first campaign (haven’t tried the second one) is told by a long story but it is not really interesting. Not sure why TBS games don’t come with cutscenes and interesting stories like some RTS gamesScore: 9/10 for combat gameplay and strong RPG."
76561198044700490,Recommended,226840,16101948,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,smallgosha,"great game(i missed first 2 parts) some kind of mix between civilization, disciples and heroes."
76561198030071698,Recommended,226840,16118989,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Apache Mongols,It's fun.
76561198036437700,Recommended,226840,16248798,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Kirb Stomp,"One of the best 4x games out there in my opinion.  Plenty of unit variety, fun RPG elements and great multiplayer options.  Fun game, I hope they keep making expansions."
76561198086805481,Recommended,226840,16047406,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Nuka-Raider,"Found this game after playing Overlord 1 & 2 and being a veteran of some strategy games.+-Took me much longer to fully understand all the controls and units than I did in Civ5; More unique units cause of Race and Class so it's cool.+Creating your own hero/leader is cool but limited; i dont feel like my leader is very unique compared to all the default ones+Diverse units that is according to their city's race and class giving them race-specific + class-specific abilities allowing for many army layouts with different races fighting together-Horrible campaign tutorial; Campaigns have huge spikes in difficulty, SAVE OFTEN AND SEPARATELY!+-mixed feelings on auto-combat as it allows quick results but it's super tempting to just use it all the time pretty much letting the game play itself.10/10 Halfings and Tigrans FTW also headcanons are fun to play around with here! (Where's Overlord 3?)"
76561198204264660,Recommended,226840,16114948,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,daveog999,"This is a great game, combining elements of Warcraft and Heroes of Might and Magic. If you enjoy either or both of these games you'll almost certainly have fun with this one. The missions can be quite long and a little bit repetitive at times, and the storyline is a bit weak, but overall it's a solid game that's engaging and fun to play."
76561198027147618,Recommended,226840,16104601,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Infini,A great strategy game.  We need more like that...
,Recommended,226840,33046096,Posted: 30 June,all,Satonir,Civilizatoin+Heroes of Might and Magic+Disciples.How can a strategy-lover ignore this game?!
,Recommended,226840,12099621,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Salis,"Epic game, can't get enough of it."
76561198080704716,Recommended,226840,12176476,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,dhammer_911,"This game is very entertaining. I am mainly writing to respond to criticisms that the game lacks depth, which initially made me hestitant about the game. The sale price of 19.99 USD tipped the scales in favor of the game (I was also considering Solar Empire and Endless Space). I'm glad the sale was going on because so far this is a great purchase. For a pure 4x game, I could see a lack of depth. However, this game is a hybrid between a 4x and RPG. I find RPGs too shallow to hold my interest, but the RPG elements here add a facet to this game that I haven't seen in other 4x games. The fact that it's unique makes it interesting. True...the research tree is anemic, but I have a lot of fun learning the spells, which have a fresh and dynamic affect on every aspect of the gaming experience. But to me, the RPG-style battle engine is what takes this to the next level. It is somewhat complex and very engaging, and mixed with more traditional 4x aspects, AOW III provides a nice experience that has kept my interest through that crucial first 24 hours. It also helps that the gameplay is smooth and intuitive, and the graphics are beautiful. So far, this is my favorite purchase since Civ V. One note is that I did have a crash. However, this was after a 14-hour session."
76561197970968073,Recommended,226840,12180678,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Roboman,"Just got this game and I don't know who made what first but this is my first time playing a game in the AoW franchise and found it's pretty much the same game as HoMM, although... it's fun. HoMM failed on the fun part their last couple installments and this game delivers. It's a good time. Not to blow my own horn but I think the AI is pretty weak in this, I tried normal difficulty and it was a joke, then 1 up from normal and it still wasn't much of a challlenge. AI would declare war on me, I'd wipe him out without breaking a sweat, I'd try to make peace with the next guy, nope he wants war... he's dead too, etc.Having individual troops in your army rather than stacks of troops like in HoMM is a big improvement. You get more of a feel for how tough your guys are rather than having to always check how big the stack is and do some mental math. Your magic will be strong but not broken and so far I've played 2 classes (Warlord and Sorcerer) and the style of play changes quite a lot so it adds some variety. You get to cast spells both in combat and in the global map and the global spells / disjuction side of the game is very relevant. In combat, your hero can be strong but not that relevant as a fighting unit lategame, but  you'll have spells that make massive impact.As with most TBS games, at the end of the turn the AI helps you control your stuff by prompting you to confirm your orders for your units or give orders to units with none (of course it won't bother you if you ""Garrison"" the units). But it's kinda reduntant, if I give a unit a move order that takes 5 turns to complete, it won't just automove every turn, it will prompt me to confirm his journey for the next 5 turns. Kinda pointless. Another thing I'd like is to be able to have a town governor or something to build my cities up for me without me having to bother with microing it. Late game, I just wanna manage my armies, not click through the repetative build orders of my 20-30 city empire. I would also like a minister of defence or something so he could worry about  sending my troops out to defend my cities, let me pick what goes in the garrison of border cities  and safe zone cities but don't make me do it myself. hehe. Also the builder unit could use some automation, ""go around and make roads to connect my cities"" seems a boring task I shouldn't have to micro myself.Okay enough ranting about my pet peeves, overall the game is great and a welcome addition to the turn based strategy genre.I recommend buying if you like this style of game, there's not many out there that are more fun."
,Recommended,226840,12390514,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,the reaper,i liked this game very much it has a good campain and the graphics are great. it´s a strategy game and really fun defenitly worth the money
,Recommended,226840,14399916,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Scattaclysm,"Absolutely excellent game. It started out a solid 4x game with depth in every aspect and exciting squad based combat, it's since evolved into an excellent 4x game, with solid rpg aspects and increased racial differentiation.My 2014 GOTY by a long shot."
,Recommended,226840,14570039,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,No One,"Love playing the game! Underworld layer adds a totally new map that you need to keep an eye on as you strategize on the overworld. Become the White Witch or Elsa and turn your empire into a perpetual winter. Spells and chess-like combat sections make fighting fun and more strategic than other games like civ. If you have an army disadvantage, it can be turned to your advantage with good strategy. Overall I recommend this game to anyone who loves 4x games like civ!"
76561198004904914,Recommended,226840,22586614,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,bobjones522,"A quirky, but very large and ambitious strategy/hero game."
,Recommended,226840,12385136,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Vulcanza,R.E.C.O.M.M.E.N.D.E.D.
76561198146334134,Recommended,226840,24007942,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lord X,"First let me say that this game is very fun, the character customization is amazing.However... while this game is similar to CIV 5 the ingame combat is frustrating at times such as in the first game that i made i met a character who for no reason went to war with me and was just generally being a evil but where civ 5 has a balanced combat system the different races in age of wonder are hugely unbalanced (as far as i have encountered) and going to war with someone just generaly makes thing hugley diffucult....... OVERALL this game is fun to play and does require skill to be good at it would be very fun with freinds i would recomend giving it a try"
76561198048055191,Recommended,226840,16452083,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,elderago,"I'll be honest I am a huge fan of the origanal two and when this game first came out I really didnt like it, many of the classic races were missing, most of the units felt the same, and  gameplay felt rather generic. however  what a year can do for a game,  with an incredible amount of content added through patches and genuine  expansions, I can now say this is a worthy sequal to age of wonders 2.I particulerly enjoy  seeing how diffrent races place with diffrent classes, one amusing and particulerly fun comb   is halfing (added from golden realms) are paired with the necromancer classm I mean really nothing beat a halfing famer ghoul that ignores most attacks,  while throwing chicken that distract and damage  enemies AND drains life. triumph has made me a very happy customer."
76561198034403688,Recommended,226840,16507310,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,snigglyfoo,"Great fantasy strategy game got even better with patchesRecent patches (June 2015) really improved the gameplay. There are too many changes to list, but you might want to check it out if played the initial game version but not recently.One paragraph description of AoWTo me, AoWIII is the best of the fantasy strategy genre which includes: Might & Magic, King's Bounty, Warlock, King Arthur, Eador, etc. Gameplay is centered around managing a few heroes which gain strength by leveling, research, and acquiring items. Your heroes can also lead armies and capture cities. Cities allow you to build more units and improve resources. Combat is turn-based on a hex map against a challenging AI. Hero items and experience persist between campaign missions which take awhile to finish.If you liked the previous AoWs, this is a great sequel, similar to what Civ5 is to Civ4. Everything gets better."
,Recommended,226840,23208684,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Mr Retro,I have only started playing but this was the kind of game that I was wanting when I bought Civ 5 and Endless Legend. Dont get me wrong I love those games but I wanted to win by fighting not diplomacy and it seems this is what kind of game this is. I wish I had bought the complete version now and theres no way to upgrade during a sale
,Recommended,226840,24549731,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dino_Nerd,Best game ever. Turn based strategy and building stuff is great.
76561197974366509,Recommended,226840,30173025,Posted: 25 February,all,Prophet,Love the game. It's better than AoW 2..
,Recommended,226840,23217128,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,rudolf.buirma,"SummaryAge of Wonders is one of my all-time favourite strategy franchises. Standing among Heroes of Might and Magic and Red Alert. This is a game built to last, with a gorgeous soundtrack, diverse race, class and unit variations and an overall gameplay ambiance that has soaked up many of my free hours.This game is perfectly designed for turn-based strategy sessions with friends or as an arcade empire builder on your own. With a ton of simple player campaigns, great random map generator and even a detailed map-editor, Age of Wonders III will provide both the casual and the enthusiast hours, if not a life-time of entertainment.The game has a great many different modes you can explore. And both it’s turn-based and real-time modes are excellent for your preferred method of social play. Growing up with AoW I, I still play turn-based with my brothers online on an almost monthly basis.CriticismAfter a year of playing the game and it's expansions I can safely admit these criticisms:The game's focus is mainly on combat, and the combat challenge doesn't scale too well in larger games. Luckily you can auto-resolve most battles, but that quickly leaves you missing some of the essential game moments in the game.The diplomacy in the game has improved with the expansions, but remains too simplistic for my ideal strategic relationship management.Empire building part is lacking, since all cities have similar building options. This feature is expanded upon with the expansions, but it would be great if there were more micro-management options that could optimise cities or regions.The campaigns are rather simple and bland at times, there's very little plot to immerse you and the balancing isn't always fair with some random creature spawns that can devastate unguarded empires.ConclusionDespite my criticism, I full-heartedly advise this game to anyone looking for a fantasy strategy game to pour their valuable game time in, carving fantasy empires, planning epic sieges or creating a ton of new maps, Age of Wonders III has it all and it’s expansions are definitely worth the investment."
76561198004783508,Recommended,226840,12182634,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Someguyinhere,"Threw a chicken at my enemies, and then my monkey army threw their poo and killed them. 10/10"
76561197960922396,Not Recommended,226840,10294838,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Slim,"I would recommend for fans of the series or genre and I did enjoy discovering what this game had to offer. However, I did find the game quite shallow once I started to reach the peak of what was available. Almost everything is limited in scope from the cities buildings to the troops that can be fielded. There is slight difference between races to choose from and those units can be acquired during playthroughs making the only major decision is the type of leader you'll be.The graphics are great, the turn based maps have plently to explore and the HoMM tactical combat is fun until it becomes a tier 4 spam fest.I don't regret my purchase as I enjoy these kind of games but I don't see AoW3 competing for my freetime again."
,Recommended,226840,25343206,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Schwarzes,I bought this game so that I can erase Orcish/Goblin cities off the map.Needless to say I am very satisfied with my purchase.
76561198001269905,Not Recommended,226840,9899247,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,[TG] Maligner,"I had hopes for this game and did some homework on it to try to determine if it was worth paying full retail, and turns out it isn't.Graphically the game looks fine. I'm not one to gush about graphics; gameplay is king for me. The game also seemed to run o.k.The main issue I seem to be having is the tactical combat. Just a few niggly bits jump out immediately and, frankly, I don't want to keep playing. This is quite disappointing.You start combats just a few steps from the edge of the map, making tactical retreats nearly impossible. Pretty much every engagement is only a simple turn or two away from melee. This nearly nullifies missile unit's tactical options. Since you are fairly limited on number of units to begin with, this is pretty major.Balance seems off. As an example, I ganged up on an assasin unit that is seen in the second battle of the starter campaign. I whittled the unit down to a single health point of 36 (1/36). Next turn, the unit assassinated my hero, and the game was over. Second turn into an easy game. I can see this being a selling point for many but turns out that you should be managing unique saves of every turn unless you want to replay the last several turns since the last save every time some game balance issue results in the end of the game.Why not just use the auto save? Because during the same game, I had a full stack placed on my second town and my main army was marching. Suddenly a two stack attack landed on my town. Defeat, with the death of a hero that must survive. Game over on easy for the second time in 30 minutes. Auto save has my other army more than a turn away and unable to help. So, I must revert to a previous save and replay several battles and tutorial elements.The game is o.k., or would be if it was priced like and indie title at about $10 or $15. But for $40 I don't think the balance is there. Perhaps some of my concerns will be addressed. Perhaps it's just not for me. Either way, I felt compelled to share my thoughts."
,Recommended,226840,24035376,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DmnSpawn,Simply Love it!
76561198044873014,Recommended,226840,12331714,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,VietyV,"Definitely a fun hex-based, turn-based, fantasty,type...thing.A very fun experience overall, although there are some changes which I am not too fond of. Still prefer this series over the Heroes and Might and Magic series.A. Combat. the combat is great in that you still have the massive amount of soldiers all fighting each other with individual abilities and stats. The cons (for me) are that: range attacks seem to have been simplified, at long ranges your shots plain out do less damage, when there is obstructions the damage goes down. I have yet to experience a missed attack or an attack hitting a unit or object obstructing the projectile path. Another thing is that the game has switched from the old squad of single units (like a party of heroes almost) to every unit being a small group of units in civ, this appears to be mostly visual and does affect the damage too much when most of that unit/group dies but I don't like it (although that's just my problem and probably doesn't bother anyone else). Debuffs are almost a necessity because there are some units you will come across that are just plain out overpowered (one unit in the game can pretty much kill off an entire party of units in one hit). All hero units have individual skillsets now, items are nice (flying mounts and rare mounts look amazing).B. Civ management. Civs are pretty simple as always, build cities, simple buildings and tile management is non-existent, just get it into your border and it's yours. The Magic research tree is now the overall tech tree, this means you make the choice between researching tech upgrades and researching new spells, odd but it works since the older games only really had you research a few key spells and then not care about the rest.C. Visuals/Audio. Everything looks great, background tracks are amazing.D. Story, it's alright from what I've seen but it's not the most captivating experience. It makes everything a bit more interesting but the campaigns are more of a do this objective because reasons, rather than getting you motivated by the story."
76561198152412962,Recommended,226840,12396372,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,NukeTheWhales90,"Great Game cant wait for more DLC and maps on workshop! Strategy lovers beware, you will be addicted!"
,Recommended,226840,12468344,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,General Tophat-Curlystache,"This game is so fun! If you like kingdom building games or tactical battles this game will be a blast! It has a nice art style to it and a interesting ballance of neautral enemies / quests / and the usual build kingdom to crush enemy thang going on. Although I love this game it does have its short comings as well. Certain unit types are just absurdly unballanced which isn't uncommon in games with alot of factions or races and the neutral enemies can easily distract you from your main goal. That being said it's still very fun and satisfying each and every battle. If your looking for hardcore kingdom building and not a huge fan of tactical battles then mayhaps Endless Legend is better for you, but this game is mostly about the battles."
76561197960494932,Recommended,226840,19092808,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,speckbretzel,"Friendship is Magic, Magic is Age of Wonders."
76561197995000306,Recommended,226840,19785531,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,earlb,Awesome game
,Recommended,226840,20566201,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Mr Smile,AMAZING 8/8
,Recommended,226840,12342532,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,SheepJust,"I would recommend the game (Unless you haven't played EndlessLegend yet), but only if you really like hex based games. As the combat and map are all hex based it's a bit of a mix between civ/pandra map style but with more focus on fighting then building/diplomacy as the options are limited and buildings/research can be completed quickly.The magic is a nice mechanic to change things up from the civ style and to changing the outcomes of battles but without dominating too muchI haven't found it as much fun as CIV or Pandora although CIV Costs more Pandora Costs lessStart with CIV/EnglessLegend/Pandora"
76561198019703852,Recommended,226840,14322786,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,tempestlrd,Great Game :)
,Recommended,226840,14563024,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,haroldthehunter,It is like a mix of Civilazition and magic....I really like it fun to play and costoumize your own heros.... graphics on the costomization  leave a bit to be desired (beards and hair do not fit that well)  but overall I really like it.. hope to see more to come in an expancion pack......
,Recommended,226840,17419978,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,kuroneko 420,"It takes a few attempts to get used to playing AOW3 (I restarted my random map game 4 times) even if you are an experienced Civ5/4X player. Don't let the critics fool you, it is not similiar to Civ5 (other than being a 4X game) as it is hugely combat based.What you are looking at is a game similiar to Fallen Enchantress, AOW3 is like the direct upgrade of Fallen Enchantress in terms of graphics and gameplay.Or if you are a veteran Civ5 player it might not matter in this game because it's a whole new different challenge and experience. Get this game if you want something new and fresh into your 4X."
76561198007279798,Recommended,226840,21391185,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Malandrín,Highly adictive!!!
76561198109503066,Recommended,226840,21555385,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mythic,It's a good game lots to do in it.
,Recommended,226840,21612421,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Charlie Kelly,"Great game, just difficult to get into."
76561198066537986,Recommended,226840,12276936,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,madjackfox,the game is good my mind for turn based startgey game but i personaly perfer old school pc realtime ones like old age of empires and command and conquer but no one seems be makeing these any more like age of empires online but had trouble with pvp and couqup games and trading in the game had curpted sparten file allways seem to have some porblem with online games that stop me playing with other people online.any thought the game was not to hard and was usaul free to play buy thing that go up the you play carp talking about age of wonders here not anyothers i have mentioned earler on like games that are not to hard to get the hang of and where charter or fractions are evenly powerd agaist each other.
76561198106388872,Recommended,226840,12520060,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Mournbringer,love this game wish other turn based games that were coming out would implement hotseat as well which is waht sold me on this title aside from having played a lot of AOW1 great game honestly
,Recommended,226840,14395664,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Greyclouds,"I am a huge fan of turn-based strategy games and turn-based RPGs. If you like any games that fit that mold, I'd highly recommend Age of Wonders 3.Update: Eternal Lords is an must-have expansion to this game. It adds far more features and greatly improves the core game regardless of the faction/leader/race that you choose. Highly recommended still!One of the critical mistakes that professional reviewers have piled on this game is that they compared this to Civilization 5. I would really disagree with that approach, and I'd recommend that they compare this to Heroes of Might and Magic and/or King's Bounty the Legend. I feel that Age of Wonders 3 gives FAR more replay value and is incredibly well thought out, especially when compared to the sixth entry of the Heroes series. Diplomacy is second-hand, as the majority of the game is built around the excellent tactical combat. Your goal in this game is to win through total-war and that purity of focus does not get old because of the sheer variety of magic, units and scenarios.I have played all of the previous Age of Wonders games, and after having been spoiled by this game (and the Golden Realms expansion), I don't think that I can return to them (despite them being incredible games in their own right!)."
76561198070467499,Recommended,226840,14567925,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,lleigheq,"Fun game, a little slow in action but still fun.  I enjoy the turn based strategy games."
76561198202158258,Recommended,226840,19005109,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,johnny.hemopo,good game
,Recommended,226840,11553096,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Ulterior The Panzie,"So, you may be wondering if this game is right for you. Or, if this game is even fun. Here's what I have to say to you:This game is EXTREMELY GOOD! Worth every penny. Seriously. It's like Civ... But on steroids, heroin, crack, coke, meth, PCP, LSD, Acid, and even Ecstasy. No weed though. Because there is NO RELAXATION IN THIS GAME! ONLY FUN. ALL. THE. TIME!You want a game that you can take your time on?! Age of Wonders III! You want a game that you can build up an empire in and take over the world?! AGE OF F***ING WONDERS III! This game has EVERYTHING YOU COULD EVER WANT!You may be thinking ""Hey, Panzie, this game seems awesome and all, but doesn't it seem to be on too many drugs? I think it has an addiction.""Well, my response is this: Yes. It does have an addiction. AN ADDICTION TO BEING AWESOME! Playing it is like being constantly whipping around a violent wave of addiction and shoving a spike covered molten rod of gold and for some reason diamond up your a**! And then hugging you whilst whispering in your ear ""Shhhh... Shhhh... It's okay.... I love you.... I'll never leave you...""You'll be begging for it. ALL DAY EVERY DAY. You got a job?! SCREW THAT. AGE OF MOTHER-F***ING WONDERS III. Life?! NO. KISS IT GOODBYE BECAUSE AGE OF WONDERS III IS ALL YOU'LL EVER NEED FOR A LIFE AGAIN!But as for your original question, yes. It's fun. One of the best games I have ever played. And I've played a LOT of games."
76561198021658679,Recommended,226840,13986068,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Noob Van Noob,"solid, polished and fun 4x fantasy game.    however, it is very combat focused (with very GOOD and large combat mind ye) and feels more like a wargame than a true 4x strategy game with diplomacy, exploration, etc.    that could be a plus or minus depending on what you are looking for.   for what it is, it's great."
76561197979457941,Recommended,226840,28854136,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Zerk,Remember Warlords?  This game is alot like it.  I loved Warlords and I this game is fantastic so far!
76561198001784839,Recommended,226840,28559214,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Salty Jack,"It was okay, I really like Aow2... this might not have advanced the series enough to keep me going...I had some minor complaints about mechanics that stopped me from playing it that much, but there ain't many other contenders for the Master of Magic (imaginary, reminiscent) crown.  I may install it again one day."
76561198098414839,Not Recommended,226840,13339066,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,d_rape,If you loved the older versions of Age of Wonders you will probably like this one. Don't expect the same game play however. There are no wizard towers.My one pet peeve is how long it takes to grind out some of the campaign scenarios. You are talking 200+ turns to complete some of them.Edit: I have yet to complete a campaign. Not really sure why the individual scenarios were made to be so difficult. Added to that the campaigns are quite drawn out and you are unlikely to finish any campaign if you are a casual gamer like me. I just get bored and I don't have the time for this kind of 4x anymore.
76561198036035096,Recommended,226840,24262624,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Scaramouche the Merciless,Undead Bone Dragons know when youre not home.
76561198113828394,Recommended,226840,16457315,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,LionEddy,"This is a Great game. If you loved Heroes of Might & Magic and Civilization this game is for you. It is like a mixture of those games.The developers are working hard on the game and they already released a TON of free & new content. There are also 2 DLCs or I would rather call it expansions since they are adding a lot of stuff (unlike most of the DLCs these days).This is the best Fantasy turn based strategy game out there. Yes, it is better than Endless Legend or Heroes of Might & Magic.A must have :)"
76561198001833528,Recommended,226840,16504406,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Moosebergen,Do it! You know you want to! :)
,Recommended,226840,16505501,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,|v£|Frozen DDD,"Until I get the time to write a proper review for this. I'll sum this up in a few sentences:This is a damn good game, if you like the genre, with heroes showing their might in battle. Add the Eternal Lords expansion you are in for a hell of gaming experience. A warning though.. you risk losing hours upon hours to this game ;)Buy it, it is very much worth your money."
76561198106231866,Recommended,226840,25167202,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Richard,"I was Heroes of Might and Magic fan, I've played every their game after playing AOW 3 I doubt it would interest me again. This game is realy good you can do everything here. There is diplomacy, great battles, scouting... And AI is also well programed and challenging. Much better than Heroes."
,Recommended,226840,18576094,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Draktok,"I definitely recommend this game! It's a very deep civ-like game - with an extreme focus on combat (less so on religion or influence) - the combat plays similar to say, fire emblem or final fantasy tactics.Very fun!"
,Recommended,226840,24833626,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Pimpin Pippin,Best turn based strategy i have ever played.Far better than even the great Heroes of Might and Magic series.
,Recommended,226840,19556217,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,arakan94,"Very good turn-based strategy.. I like the magnitude of game - as oppossed to Heroes of Might and Magic. This game has very good tactical combat with up to 7 x 6 units on battlefield with unique capabilities. You can also directly control your heroes and use them in battles.What I really love is strategic element - your empire will be soon quite big and even several lost battles doesn't mean lost game. It feels a bit like a combination of Heroes and Civilization - if you like this games, definitely get it."
,Recommended,226840,20589835,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Aesr,A great successor to the previous games. Age of Wonders 3 delivers in every way possible. I especially love how each game is connected with one another with one huge continuing story. I loved how they brought the hero system back from the first one as it was one of the best features the first one had. I hope 3 is not the last one.
76561198033427960,Recommended,226840,21613287,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,k1ng r4t,"Great game. I have lots of experience with turn based strategies of all flavors, and this one holds up.Since a lot of great reviews are out there, I'll just reaffirm the ones that state this game focuses more on action and less on managemet. The city management system is fairly shallow, but deep enough to keep it interesting. The combat however is superb and the level of detail for both character design and animation is just astounding. The reverse of Endless Legend, which is much deeper with management but a fairly shallow combat system.I do love the AoW3 campaign though, great concept incorporating single player RPG's into a turn based strategy sim, I dig it.If you like turn based games and fantasy, there's no way you can't like this game. It might not blow your socks off, but it is more than worth its asking price (especially if on sale). Highly recommended.8.5/10  would command troll army again"
76561198006567656,Recommended,226840,9708579,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Star Paladin,"I give this game a 9.  An incredible remake of AoW 1 & 2.  Except for Multiplayer, where the game stops all human players from doing anything (except to watch the battle) when someone starts a combat.  I rate it a 6 for multiplayer due to that huge gaff."
76561198034330420,Recommended,226840,18682000,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,boozermonkey,"This is a wonderful game if you like 4x. It has the auto-combat system that Dominions 4 should have, but differs from Dom4 on the strategic end. Basically, if they combined the Dom4 and this game, you would have a blockbuster 4x game for a long, long time to come."
,Recommended,226840,28112744,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Poιsoη,imho better than homm or civ
76561198057549425,Recommended,226840,26618895,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Azktor,"My favorite game of all times!!The game is really complete, really well balanced, the DLC are all worth the cost. You can enjoy a lot of the game even after you finished the main campaigns, since the custom match can create totally unique games. Because there is a lot of combinations of Classes and Racest to choose from both for your leader and the enemies leaders; besides all map configurations.Also after you are done with the official content (which took me about 1000 hours), there is a loooot fun mods to play.Score: 10/10"
,Recommended,226840,26612540,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,edward.pogi1422,"Buyer BEWARE! You need to register a new account with Triumph and link your new account with your Steam account. Note also that the link button have a very high chance of not being accessible forcing you to go to their forums. Else, the only option is to play as Guest.There you go. How to prevent players from playing a game out of the box.If you can get past those, then the game shines with good voice overs as well."
76561198016424641,Recommended,226840,26134207,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Deo,+++
,Recommended,226840,26185114,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,SteTzu [ITA],One of the best strategic fantasy
76561198079359830,Not Recommended,226840,26041990,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,deborahandkelsey,Almost a good game. I wanted the game to be better than it is. Needs some refinement to be really a good game. Lacks a personnel connection with your empire once the charicter creation is complete. It is like starting a fantasy Civ with a custom charecter (which was awesome) but the game play and interaction with the opposing players was absent. The game became tedious and uninteresting as turns progressed throughtout the game.
76561198032695917,Recommended,226840,26394150,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Nerruin,"Over all, a good game."
76561197970528585,Recommended,226840,28546250,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Stormhawke4107,Very involved turn based game. Lots of unique units and abilities along with character customization.
76561198043339862,Recommended,226840,9725482,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Crog,Heroes of Might and Magic + Civilizations = This.
76561198212605888,Recommended,226840,31960779,Posted: 25 May,all,jessbrooke,"A heady mix of turn-based strategy, empire building and nostalgia. It would be nearly perfect where it not for minor balancing issues. I needed a mod to correct the fact if I was playing a physically weaker race with lots of special abilities like goblins or draconians, the autofight hated me. All the other modifications I've made are add ons, so kudos to the game for having good base mechanics. I don't have the expansions yet but I plan on it, as they sound fairly extensive. Its a game made by a major studio that has the feel of an indie game, which is interesting!8.5/10 for balancing issues that could have been fixed fairly easily and being about $10 too expensive. Its a real shame too, as everything else about makes me feel all that time playing Kings Bounty has not been wasted."
,Recommended,226840,23198705,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Troy_Costisick,Great game!
76561198017966774,Recommended,226840,12727372,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Spetsnaz,"Played a match it just gets too a point where you know you've one and you have to mop up... I HATE CLEANING. I like it though look forward to Multiplayer UI being made easier, and additional race ect. As I recall AoW2 had a ton."
76561197996334515,Recommended,226840,13033815,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,thurogard,"Was a little tough at first because balance issues, but the patches have really helped.  Great followup and expansion of Age of Wonders 2, one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,226840,13149346,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,PnzrNorm,"For all the hex-grid 4X lovers out there, this game is for you.Think of Civilization 5 with a fantasy theme but add RPG stats and skills to your civ's leader, then they become a controllable hero unit on the map, AND units can stack into armies.THEN whenever you fight in combat, zoom in to an expanded version of the hex on the map, and its a-whole-nother hex grid to fight over complete with varying terrain, elevation, climate, and occasionally besieging a city or fort's walls!And then there's the massive depth to each unit. Not just the heroes, but each individual military unit will have their own RPG-style stats with strengths and weaknesses and even crazier promotions than you could possibly imagine (my favorite so far is getting a flying, flame-breathing dragon mount for my leader and handing the horse off to another general)In the war of 4X, I've seen a lot of games rise to the occasion, and a lot more of them fall flat but this one takes the cake."
,Recommended,226840,15474693,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Big Boom Boom,"With Golden Realm and Eternal Lord DLC this has improved a lot and is now my favourite 4X Turn based strategy. The two DLCs improve upon the original game's weakness, mainly expand on the Empire Building and making each race and each type of units more unique."
,Recommended,226840,10255205,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Gravity Lens,Wicked... Get it
,Recommended,226840,31778125,Posted: 15 May,all,Vaulgrm,Tis good
76561198078773953,Recommended,226840,31622463,Posted: 8 May,all,hotspur59,"WARNING this game could seriously affect the rest of your life! It's utterly addictive and you'll forever want ""just one more turn"". It's charming and set in a graphically rewarding, enchanted world. For me the test of a good SP game is it's replayabilty - that's guaranteed with AOW3 thanks to it not only containing campaigns and scenarios, but also a fantastic random map/scenario generator. You have a wide range of factions to play with and more unit types than you'll know what to do with. There's also an editor should you ever get bored. Of course this pack contains all the dlc too, hence is well worth the asking price IMO.Probably the most charming feature for me is reading the descriptions of each unit type taken from old published sources by the great writers of the past, which always puts me in the mood to explore and see what else is out there - good or bad! The AI is very competent too.  Awesome game.The people here comparing this game to Civ are IMO talking out of their backsides becase Civ has no tactical battle capability whatsoever, and aside from the odd ruins dotted about the map. not much you can interact with. This game is fun, Civ is boring."
76561198024427136,Recommended,226840,31654040,Posted: 9 May,all,niels-t-andersen,I love this game ... I have replayed very few games ... but I have done it with a couple of times now :)
76561198059358921,Recommended,226840,33088213,Posted: 1 July,all,hightime1011,Love turn based  this is not to miss!
76561198136796916,Not Recommended,226840,23767244,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,dregewitz,"Don't be fooled. This is not a 4x. The entirety of the empire-building experience is to fuel your war machine, because conquering the enemy is the only way to win. So if you don't like or are not good at the tatical turn-based combat built into the game, it's not the right game for you."
76561197970395386,Not Recommended,226840,9879134,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Isaksen,Not a bad game... but not really a good game either..  they forgot to make it fun.
76561198003987457,Not Recommended,226840,10821468,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Paladin Leeroy,"Laggy , terrible random map enemy ai players selection menu , smally army sizes of max six units per army . nowhere near as fun as older games ."
76561198019258617,Not Recommended,226840,33063136,Posted: 30 June,all,hexapus,"Although the combat is pretty fun, the lack of victory conditions does get to you after awhile. There are other victory conditions if u buy the DLCs but you are stuck with domination if you only got the base game. Would be really nice if they release the other victory conditions for the base game as well."
,Not Recommended,226840,9869545,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Budeholly,"This game is Ok..  It doesn't bring anything new to the table and I lost interest very quickly.The combat pace is very slow, so most battles are just 'auto' as fighting the battle just feels tedious.As a grand strategy, It doesn't do it as well as Civ 5 - so a fantasy mod on Civ 5 would give better gameplay. As an RPG - its very shallow - so there's not much depth in that area either.Overall.. The game was just bland and a little too slow for my taste."
,Not Recommended,226840,17149945,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,WilLPowUR,"as a long time fan of the series (playing all 4 of the games, counting shadow magic) I have to say when i heard that they were reviving my favorite stragegy game series (civ very close behind) i was stoked, and it looked cool but when i saw the trailers i knew this would be a big big ♥♥♥♥up. i love these games to death but Aoe3 is a failure. The game only has basic remnents of the past games feeling like a whole new game from a different series, and while alot of ppl like the fact that its similar to the new strategy games, and is way different than the others, but its not good. or better not even close, i would rate all the others ones 8-9-10s (not in any order but Shadow magic was my fav). The fact that this game is basically a copy of civ 5 hurts alot. While i love civ 5 this is not the game that i would play. In fact i just wouldnt play this game. The devs took 30 steps back this this ""forward title"" this game is more shallow than any strat game ive ever played, the fantasy that was so amazing in the others, just isnt here, the units are dull and boring, the combat is a mess from the much simpler old style (from you guessed it, the predicessors), and the leaders are dull and boring, none of them have charater like they did in the last game. Its just a joke. final verdict is a 6/10 its playable but its not good, if you want a fantasy strat game i suggest endless legend, this is a worse endless legend  with civ 5 in the mixing pan. if your a fan of the old games im sorry your not gonna find it in this mess of a game. no story, no depth no fun. Yea im sad too Rest in Peace Age of Wonders, you filled me with so much joy and love, it was great while it lasted peace guys"
76561198113788355,Not Recommended,226840,13877600,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Luna,"This game deserves a thumbs up for being a fun strategy based game. Very well thought out. Storyline is great and so are the graphics. Highly recommend as a single player game.However, I had every intention to play this game as coop. That's where the thumbs down comes into play.  Even with good connection...we were unable to host our own server using multi-player mode. And there are really not a lot of servers to join. Most are password protected. The ones that aren't, which I have to say are very few...with more then 2 people playing on the server tends to get very laggy. So until the game makers fix this issue, I wouldn't rely on this game being multi-player.But playing solo. I still do recommend."
76561198038181379,Not Recommended,226840,21183388,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Vladimir Lenin,"I want to like this game because the hero customizing is cool and it is very well polished with decent graphics. It just is not very fun. As has been said Ad nausem, it just lacks depth. When one compares this to say Civ or something along those lines it doesnt have anywhere close to the content depth and it gets boring very quickly. I cannot recommend this game, as excited as I was to try it on sale."
76561198045529092,Not Recommended,226840,15327698,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Cazador,"The game itself is alright and would be worth the full 60$ I paid at release if it included everything from the beginning. The problem is the full game actually costs at the moment 45$ + 13$ + 8$ + likely another 13$ for the upcoming dlc and then who knows what else for every other DLC they come out with. The final price of the game will likely be 100$  or more and this game is not worth 100$.If youre looking for a good game right now, civ 5 and all its DLC is less than the base game of age of wonders 3. What I suggest for any game like this is to buy it when all its dlc is out and there is a massive sale on. Only then is it worth it as no game out at the moment is worth $100+......"
76561198045011491,Not Recommended,226840,15418709,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Script,No at the moment. This game is bloody unfriendly to new player in the franchise. There no tutorial whatsoever build in the game. They just give you a unit to try out and off you go to figure out things yourself by exploring and reading long worded game tips/manual.
76561198007392452,Not Recommended,226840,9749008,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,blahsay,Their launcher account system is bugged and lost all my saved games after a couple of days. Their support was unable to help and wouldn't reply.
,Recommended,226840,9690651,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Davien,"awesome core game for AoW3, similar to HoMM but in its own personality and playstyle. Has its roots from AoW1 and 2 yet have many new features and uplifts in the graphics department.and now with this new DLC, with new races, units, magic, items etc it's only becoming even more better! another 1 more expansion/DLC is on the way as well with the new Undead + Frostlings race.. so stay tune!the constant patches and fixes are noteworthy too. Get it if you ever see it on sales! totally worth the buck!Note : if you hate turn based games, avoid it... if you're a huge turn based game lover.. this game will be very addictive. If you're a fantasy game lover, this will be epic for you too."
,Not Recommended,226840,14754808,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Abcsam,I wont say this is a bad game... Just has a huge learning curve. The turtoral is no help at all maybe when i get board I will read up on it on some other forum. If your looking for a fun game to jump into i would say move past this one.
76561197988535265,Not Recommended,226840,10774640,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rhade,"Not a bad game, especially the tacitcal combat.  However other than that aspect the game feels a little shallow.  Your mileage may vary."
76561198052282298,Not Recommended,226840,13567369,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Choirandvice,"Combat is amazing in this game, and definitely the reason you want to buy it. Sadly, that means that it is terrible in multiplayer, as you're forced to watch or wait for _any_ other player to finish their combat before you're allowed to interact with your game. Combat can be slow. Simultaneous combat is not allowed. So don't buy if it's for multi, but single is great."
,Not Recommended,226840,9732867,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,HamsterofDoom,"Disappointing and lackluster is what immediately comes to mind. There is a shocking lack of depth to the game that isn't apparent on the surface. I was hoping for a hybrid blend of turn-based RTS and RPG, and came away with a diluted version of both."
76561198027839062,Recommended,226840,9687547,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,HozzMidnight,Not enough games like this.
76561198008979165,Not Recommended,226840,12355583,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,ElderDays,This game fails to live up to its predecessors. Where AOW and AOW II had numerous heavily themed factions one's choice of race and alignment count for little in AOW III. The only real strategy is to start spamming top tier units asap. Your best bet is to go back and enjoy the earlier games.
,Not Recommended,226840,11100266,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Anavrin,"Age of Wonders, Age of Wonders II and Age of Wonders: Shadow Magic remain some of the best turn based strategy games ever made. I've gone back to replay and complete all three and they're still fantastic to this day.Age of Wonders III, on the other hand, is a horrible mess. It's unsalvageable without a major overhaul. The campaigns are terrible boring slogs, and tactical depth to the races has been removed. The game commits the worst of all offenses: it's boring and it's tedious."
76561197978723545,Not Recommended,226840,10735016,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,gove,"I dont know why just did not have fun playing this game,,,Thought i would love it watching the videos etc but just got bored and nothing is really making me want to play...."
76561198162781797,Not Recommended,226840,15406496,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Dwlla Lydia,Game stuck on the loading screen. Wtf is that ? I cant even play -.- Someone help me !!
,Not Recommended,226840,13856543,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Gerry Adams,"Civilisation style empire management combined with turn based strategy yet done so boringly.  The array of races is large but they're all boring and the unit of one race is largely the same of a similar unit in another race. The array of buildings is boring (and pretty much the same through race). Heroes feel weak. Turn based battles are boring and your troops feel worthless.It's a chore to play and I gave it a go, but I don't like it."
76561198063201044,Not Recommended,226840,17799184,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Stempy,"Ther are a lot of things I like about this game, but after spending hours bulding a kingdom to see it ruined in 30 seconds is not worth it. After a rather steep learning curve this game has a lot to offer. Diverse troops, different play styles, spells, and a unique experience every game for the most part. So far all but 1 of my games ended in losing all my troops to a tiny army I should have decimated 3 times over, or getting trampled under a never ending army. My 6 tropps would either lose to 2 minor enemies for no reason, or they would destroy 25 armies only to see 50 more marching down the road early in the game. I love building kingdoms like in this game, but not being able to defend it because RNGesus decided it's my time to go over and over is not worth the frustration of starting over every 5 minutes."
,Not Recommended,226840,20171428,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Whiskey Tango,"Game crashes constantly.   The tech support forums are not updated frequently and it wouldn't even let me submit a topic about the game crashing.  I emailed them.  Never received a response.  Asking for a refund.  I have 3 hours into the game and the last hour was just multiple loading and crashing while I tried everything on their ""troubleshooting"" guide.Basically, it looks like the game is great for those that can run it but if you can't run it, do not expect help getting it working from the developer."
76561197971617592,Not Recommended,226840,14688288,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,hqx,not fun ...
76561198121214156,Not Recommended,226840,17879667,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,lautric,the campaign is just suuuuuper long and boring and you almost cant losethe online is the worst unless u make all battles automaticppl just take forever to play one battlei only play with a friend online or never ppl drive you mad with their slowpoke minds even when they are winning they are slowno friends ? dont buy it!unless u play vs 2 or 3 emperor ai like me and with friends
76561198006690981,Not Recommended,226840,11842499,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,argentaegis,"This is one of those games that will be really awesome next patch...  Be it problems with tresspassing units or inability to rebuild a city, or things that say there cities but actually aren't (so you can't do normal city things with them), I find something thoroughly irritating each time I play.  Inevidably, I wind up on the forums and see ""next patch!""My recomendation is that you wait several next patches before you buy."
,Recommended,226840,23080994,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Feeeeeeesh.,"I gotta say, it's really good."
,Recommended,226840,13331095,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,StormbringerGT,"Actually enjoyed this game quite a bit. I wish the city building parts were a little more robust and meaningful. The campaign was fun to push through I never did the second though, just jumped over to playing multiplayer with some friends.It is not the deepest 4x ish game out there but I still found myself enjoying it. The graphics were good and the fights were pretty satisfying. I'm not one of those turn based Gurus who play every turnbased games on God or highest diffculty but I enjoyed the challenge the game presented on normal (was a tad bit easy though).+ Graphics+ Music+ Tactical Battles- City Building- Samish feeling races- doesn't feel like a lot of units per race"
,Recommended,226840,9698738,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Blue spy,A must have for previous fans of the series.
76561197983139797,Recommended,226840,9697619,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Flakmagnet,The game is a lot of fun!!! The leader customization is great to play with and the new combat is challenging.
,Recommended,226840,9694163,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Kane2k (fin),+1
76561197993211418,Recommended,226840,15361856,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,CG Nixonm,"I can't recommend this game enough. The gameplay is a great mix of Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic, there is A LOT of content, spells, items, units. The gameplay feels balanced with many options to beat your opponents sometime with cunning instead of brutal force. The devs are really great too, they are listening to the community and give them what they want with (great) extensions and gameplay changes and updates.Except if you're not ready to invest yourself in ""just another turn"" syndrome, I strongly suggest this 4x, one of the best there is in pure game mechanics."
76561197969403265,Recommended,226840,12617626,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,SiliconSeraph,"Complex units, outstanding combat system and a surprising level of depth. Hero / faction leader customization is fantastic."
76561198082613126,Recommended,226840,23773793,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Percy Jackson,Good game
76561198164849338,Recommended,226840,23811130,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ZombieLover556,Game wont load played 1.1 hours day before i even bought the game dont know how there website has no help they killed their custumer service google can't even help me how is that even possible but 10/10 if you dont they will hunt you down and eat you ♥♥♥♥ing halfling
76561198007335453,Recommended,226840,18876532,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Kumorigachi,"It's kinda fun , and well made. I haven't had any problems the game crashing, or being unplayable. the Devs of the game seem quite dedicated to it. the expansions are fun though they're definitely over priced for what little they add. (atleast imo)."
,Recommended,226840,26348813,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ngordon,"So far, this game is a treat. Combined with some of its expansions and balancing mods (all available on Steam), the possibilities for interesting gameplay are vast, both tactically and strategically. It's easy to learn and hard to master, so I recommend practicing your strategies on lower difficulties before diving into hardcore war gaming. I know I'm going to put a lot more hours into this game, there's just so much to see and do."
,Not Recommended,226840,10366068,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,aka _Doc,"Well, you may call me an ♥♥♥♥♥♥, but AoW II was better. It was like complicated chess. Characters were bright and alive. This game is just good casual strategy."
76561198282147879,Recommended,226840,23046867,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Choikom,"Excellent, highly recommended!"
76561198083610274,Recommended,226840,26344513,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,MasterHydra_,"This game.. oh boi it takes me back when i was still 7 or 9 years old. I remember it was a great game when i played the very first AOW with my dad but after all this years now finding out that this game has been advanced forward i enjoy it each time i play new maps even playing with my dad. If you still remember the good ol AOW 1 or you just like the games that involves strategy, magic, fantasy and so on, i defenetly recommend this game to you. I can assure you that you will love this game with your heart. Plus DLC's are also making game more fun too."
76561198044088769,Recommended,226840,9969887,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Herpes free since 03,"BUY IT, BUY IT NOW!"
76561198121208166,Recommended,226840,10142822,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Pack_rat1,This is a great game just dont expect to win through diplomacy
76561198041190464,Recommended,226840,10012989,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Golden Star,"This game is like an odd combo of Civ V and Heroes of Might and Magic, both games i really love, so it's quite fun to play seeing all those elements in it, very recommended :D"
76561197990374398,Recommended,226840,15609889,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,poVoq,"Great game, and runs well on Kubuntu 14.04 64bit with Optimus Nvidia GPU (bumblebee)."
76561197966932725,Recommended,226840,9709225,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Al_CaPWNED,Bought game at 7pm.  What time is it?  4am?  Should I go to work tomorrow or play this?  Forgot to shower. Got canned for bad hygene / being late.  Who cares?  Sprinted home signed up for unemployement and played for the net 48 hours straight. What a game.
76561198282595706,Recommended,226840,31517182,Posted: 2 May,all,Fexuxie,"Nice graphics, soundtracks, and first time seeing it Wow civil"
,Recommended,226840,9743990,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Salty Steve,Like Civ 5 but with more combat.
,Recommended,226840,9726547,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Justin Sider,Launches in Borderless Windowed at full resolution by default. 10/10
76561198073266627,Not Recommended,226840,17002440,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Tzarkon,"First I'd like to say I don't totally hate this game. There are aspects that are done well and are enjoyable. The graphics are very nice. The battles are well done. Having the ability to decide whether battles are AI controlled or manual is nice. The options for kinds of leaders are well done.That having been said there are several aspects of the game that are deal breakers for me. First, having to connect to the AOW servers even to play a LAN game is annoying. Not having an IP connection option unless through a VPN is more than annoying. The lack of this feature that we use in many other games makes the game feel unfinished at best.It's obvious that the AOW servers do not really have the bandwidth to accomodate the numbers of players that they have. Of the three players I normally play with I have the middle connection to the internet. I have been completely unable to get a speed adequate to host a game. Weirdly, the player in our group with the fastest connection also can not get a connection fast enough to host. However, our player with the slowest connection has been able to, though it fades in and out. Since we play other games that have similar connection requirements and we are all able to host, it is clearly a problem with the bandwidth at AOW. Not being able to host makes the game unplayable.We started playing as allies vrs AI players. The game taking us into the battles of the other players from whatever we're doing and focing us to watch the battle rather than allowing us to continue our turns in a simultaneous turn based interface is a very poor programming choice. That alone makes the game frustrating enough and actually makes it unplayable for the duration of the battle.At this point, several of us are playing through our first game. I can't wait to finish the game and go back to playing another simultaneous turn based game. I'd really like to like this game, but without a direct IP connect, inadequate bandwidth at the AOW server, and forced watching of battles during turns of allies, I won't be back to play again and can't recommend this game to others."
,Recommended,226840,13554149,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Hurkey Durkey,"It's like Heroes 3... but almost better.--Yeah, I know, that sounds insane. Go buy it, grab a pack of friends, start a roleplay. Be Game of Thrones with moar fantasy.20/10"
,Recommended,226840,14640211,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Sharky,The slow complex thought provoking strategy combat of the Might and Magic series married to the hex-based world-building city-management world-map view of Civilization. What is there not to love about Age of Wonders III?
76561198022721707,Not Recommended,226840,10884704,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,sikkwolf,"I have no idea where the praise for this game comes from, probably because I'm not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It is without a doubt the worst game purchase I have made in the last few years. Unbalanced and idiotic mechanics only serve to highlight the astounding incompetence of the development team when it comes to everything about this pile of trash aside from the visuals. I feel ripped off after spending a few hours with the game now and only out of competitive compulsion will I put any more time into it… That and it's not like I can get a ****ing refund so I might as well punish myself for buying it until I feel like I’ve gotten my money’s worth in suffering.Pros: Pretty for what it is.Cons: It exists. Aside from that...Build walls around your fortress expecting those to aid in defense? Jokes on you dummy, every pissant unit in the game has ladders that they will scale your stupid walls with in a single move before killing all your units with rocks. Spend a lot of time juicing up your armies so you're churning out tons of high end units? Jokes on you ***hole! In the first round the enemy will MC all your awesome units and use them to destroy you! (Cue evil laughter) Build a few cities to generate better income? Better not upgrade those new shanty towns because every turn you're not producing droves of crap units, the computer is and it will use them to penetrate your happiness and ruin your day much like a drunken priest who stumbles upon an aloof alterboy eating icecream and watching hanna barbara cartoons. It will make you feel♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and molested, that is what I'm saying.I work hard for my money and I like gaming, I love strategy games, and from the screen shots to the apparently paid for positive commentary on here I thought ""hey this looks like a great game!"" It's not, it's not worth your money and it's not worth your time. Want an RTS? Grab supcom: fa for 8$s or whatever it's going for right now, pick an eight person map, fill the other slots with hard AI's and enjoy the next 3 hours of screaming and ranting your way to a satisfying nuclear victory while under constant assault and relish the dependable joy of seeing your naval factory get blown up by bomb ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the minute it gets to tech 3. That is a strategy game. This is a useless wannabe civ clone that plays like it was made by a bunch of LOTR fanbois who might have watched someone else play a game of total war and thought ""hey I can make that"".You want to know how stupid this game is? Fallen Enchantress is about 300xs better, at least in that I can get a pet bear to suffer the incompetent fight mechanics with me until I tame a dragon and laugh my way to victory (TROGDOR!!!!!). There is no absurdity to lighten up just how much this games sucks. It's not that I ""don't recommend"" this game, it's that I vehemently discourage ANYONE from purchasing this PoS and hope the jack*** developers go broke, get run out of the gaming community and are forced to take lame jobs working in fast food while they watch the bank repossess all their stuff because they suck at life. That is how♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off I am at how crappy this game is, because that's how much I hate feeling like I got robbed when I buy something."
76561198043650534,Recommended,226840,9806018,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,FFSman,It's like Heroes of Might & Magick mixed with Civilization. You have to love it <3
,Recommended,226840,26148419,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kydrago,"Just bought this game earlier this week and have been playing it non-stop with a friend of mine. It shares many economic and empire-building mechanics with Civilization 5, but gameplay is much more focused around combat and conquest, and games tend to be shorter (at least thus far). Combat, unlike in Civ, is done on a small-scale tactical level, where the camera essentially zooms in to the individual hex where the units are battling, and both players use their armies and units on a small scale. To me, this is the most significant thing that makes this game enjoyable (along with the leader customization, which had me in tears laughing on day 1). While $30 is a high price, this game certainly feels worth it this far in.TL;DR: Like Civ, except fun."
,Recommended,226840,28697127,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ByPolerBear,"Crazy fun, from someone biased because I loved the original Age of Wonders"
76561197991239902,Recommended,226840,15441024,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Mauseleum,If Civilisation and HoMM3 made a baby... this would be the offspring. The perfect being. <0.0>
76561197987193853,Recommended,226840,29703158,Posted: 4 February,all,Pajaga,Absolutely fantastic.
,Recommended,226840,14738150,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,deathphuck,"The game before this one(AOW:SM) is the greatest fantasy turn based strategy game ever.This one does not hold up, it has some of the same bugs and they changed the rules to make it less playable.I was able to beat it like the last one, but I belong to the cult of the random map(check my achievments) and played it 12 players all king at king level with everything on fast and I was able to find a good place to fester(more about that) just like in the last one but there are major differences.Now there are some very good things about this game as well.Also I played a draconian earth specialist drednaut.The lack of carriers.I mean units that can carry other units like the airships in AOW:SM, or the steam tank.It was very handy to use carriers to put a city in a hard to reach place by transporting a settler.Now it has to be a place that you can get to normally,BTW anyone know of a way to have a hero give its unit lava walking?I was unable to and just gave up,.The magic item creation system using points.This just makes no sense, I mean why limit the total number of magic items you can create?It just takes away from the fun of the game.That was half the fun, once you got a bunch of items and figured out how you wanted them on your heros you will fill in the holes with stuff you would make yourself.It wasnt as powerful as the stuff you would find but that was ok, magic items are magic items.That champion levels are unlimited.I am normally not against things being unlimited, but this really can unbalence the game.Infact its how I won the game, in the old game I would use dragons or dread reapers all magiced and veteraned up as machines of destruction, nothing could stand in their way.  I might lose one in a really tough battle but I always had one to replace it.But there was a limit, once you got 255 experience points on  a unit it was maxed out.Now I have had units at champion level 60+, mostly earth elementals.they start having hundreds of hit points and the only way to get rid of them is banish them and that doesnt always work.Now this is against the ai, but its a perfect way to make a very sharp stick, take  18 earth elementals, march them past a city or two and  take a city a little bit behind the lines.replace any loses and leave them in a triangle formation in the city(3x6) and just wait.It wont take long and the AI will start attacking it with everything its got, keep replacing loses and getting more and more experience points. Once they are above champion level 10 I would be surprised if you had replace one.Also always do autocombat, the ai never seems to use banish during autocombat.And when you get one above level 40-50 you can do something like station it with a bunch of nubes at a tunnel enterance and not worry about holding it.And a unit of 6 high level(over 40) earth elementals can hold a city no matter what, I have seen them be surrounded by 36 units and most of them were juggernauts and not lose a single unit, not even have a unit with any real damage.I would just use cities like that as farms to raise really high level earth elementals which I then used to win the game with.If I had figured out about earth elementals earlier it wouldnt have taken me like 1300 turns.I have my last save game before I won if anyone wants it.That you can only cast one spell per turn including your heros.I admit that it does slow down the play some and I am not 100% agianst it, but I miss being able to cast a spell and have a hero follow it up with one of their own.The same bugs, save game, takes forever with too many units. game will start to crash alot after turn 1000 on a huge map.I swear this game has some of the same bugs as the last one, its like they reused the same code for alot of things.Sometimes if you run the game for a really long time it loses the ability to write to the disk properly.if when you go to save a game and you dont see an autosave even if its turned on then thats sign thats are messed up.There is a work around, save to the cloud which works fine, exit and restart and load the game from the cloud.Also even on a powerful machine when its on a huge map with lots of players and with lots of armies,  each turn can take almost 10 minutes sometimes .Plus after turn 1000 the game starts crashing, and I usally have to go back to the autosave and I am fine. After awhile its crashes like every turn or so. I have a save game I can send you if you want to see.I like the class system, the new units, extra hero level, how the new heros work, alot of the new game play and the graphics.The graphics are really nice.I wish someone would make a mod for AOW3 that addresed these problems, it probably would be the best fantasy turn-based strategy game around.festering, is the process of finding a good defensible position using it as a base to eventually start regaining terrority.In AOW:SM it was underground or even better an island in the shadow lands.The only way to reach them is be directly above it and do a shadow shift.In this one I was able to fester in a nice cave underground that had two narrow entrances.I build a tower just inside the enterance, and then a city behind that.So an invading army could only bring in 6 units to attack my 18-24 units.They wouln't even try, well after I created a trap city nearby.Thats a city with nothing in it, so the AI would immediatley take it, but its close by enough for me to use forge blast many times a turn till they are weak enough that I can send my heros to mop up.Just keep your base safe while  you farm high level units to eventually take the whole board.My yes to recommend this game is only because its possible to fix these issues and the game looks really good."
76561198066626263,Recommended,226840,13370794,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,SilverWaves,If you like the RTS genre and can get into this type of fantasy let me help you pick a game this holiday. Its a little game i call Age of Wonders 3 and its worth every penny you could spend. The story is deep and rich and the countless random maps and scenarios supply you with endless entertainment. Great to play with a group of friends! Plus it isnt like 60 dollars or even 50 its 40!!! You cant still be reading this...BUY IT ALREADY!
,Recommended,226840,23213919,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,President Nukem,"Plays as Dreadnaughts on first try.Hires Per Notchson, some random human Dreadnaught hero.Get the Minecrafted achievement.Wonders what happened.OHHHHAlready have good first impressions, now to get to the gameplay."
76561197998625266,Recommended,226840,23238768,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Shimoje,nice game
76561198045186193,Recommended,226840,23224241,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Benevolent Jim,"I do not like strategy games so much,but i gave this one a try and its pretty decent.So yeah if you liked Civ 5 go ahead and buy this game and make Pixies burn down cities for your amusement"
76561198121104817,Recommended,226840,24494523,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,mino2460,"Great game, lots of fun."
76561198013779101,Recommended,226840,22986883,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,green-scar,this game is a little dificault to enjoy after having played Civ 5 and Beyond Earth but I like to throw back to the age of empires days every so often.
,Recommended,226840,22962751,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,noems,Good game.
76561197992171864,Recommended,226840,9741362,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Docsis,"after 10 hours of game play, I can say that this is a great game. I am really enjoying it. I wish they would have included an actual tutorial, but after playing the suggested rookie campaign, and tinkering around alot in all the buttons, windows and their version of a ""civilopedia"", I finally think I got it figured out. I love the story line of the campaign mode, and the strategic battles are a lot of fun. Save often...  buy this when you can!"
,Recommended,226840,23194671,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Drez,I didn't end up caring for this game. But I will recommend to anyone who might think they would enjoy the genre because one of my good friends is nuts about this game and I trust his opinion on basis of subjectivity.
,Recommended,226840,24415804,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Magnetaur,It's fun and stuff and other review things
,Recommended,226840,14493676,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Anal Mayonaise,"*CAUTION*: I would rate this game 3.5/5 stars.Bottom Line: What this game does, this game does well; but it's what it doesn't do that hurts the most. It's worthwhile for multiplayer, but for singleplayer I'd look elsewhere. My personal recommendation would be Fallen Enchantress Legendary Heroes.This game offers some of the most advanced features found in any 4X game, but at the expense of bread-and-butter features we've all come to love and expect. For example: Every unit has numerous abilities, but you're only allowed to cast up to a certain amount of magic per turn (ie. campaign map turn); this means that you could have hundreds of battles per turn, but end up using magic in only a handful. Personally, I think this is extremely unreasonable and silly. I am not opposed to having a global mana pool (which this game does have), but I think it is much more realistic and enjoyable to have casting units use spells every battle round than just be subject to a global cap. Even a per-battle cap or per-unit-per-battle or per-unit-per-turn cap would have been more reasonable. I understand that this must have been implemented as a way to prevent exploiting battle through repetitive casting, but it would have been better to counterbalance the repeated-casting system rather preventing it from happening in the first place.I also very much miss the ""crowd attack"" feature, in which allies adjacent to the enemy join in on melee attacks, that games such as Fallen Enchantress have.Sure, we might have multi-army battles, but what's the point when the quality of an individual battle when down the toilet?And the campaign maps are so boring! Yeah, the terrain is very well varied, and naval battles aren't terrible (though they aren't great either), but the almost complete and total lack of events, and the very elementary spawning of mobs and acquisition of heroes leaves much to be desired. Contrast, again, to Fallen Enchantress, in which events are varied and frequent, both good and bad, both global and local, and where mobs spawn and respawn as opposed to be eliminated once and for all once they are defeated. Yeah, Fallen Enchantress isn't perfect (the #1 problem: it lacks multiplayer!!! But I still think it is the greatest single-player 4X game of all time, at the time of writing), nor is any 4X game (currently!), but the best way to describe AOW3 in one word is disproportionate. Enjoyable in aspects, and frustratingly deprived in others."
76561198068064815,Recommended,226840,23912476,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,lionelricky,Awesome game. Loved it.
,Recommended,226840,24796862,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,utna,Golden Dragon Armada!
,Recommended,226840,25285352,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,RaLoS13,เกมลึกเล่นแล้วมึนแต่ก็สนุกดี
76561197990312278,Recommended,226840,19893661,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sapper,YOU WILL LIKE THIS GAME BECAUSE THOR SAID SO
,Not Recommended,226840,20431870,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,yan123,"Nice drawings, but no.The game is not bad, just feels awkward to play with.That 3d-style, free-cam, fight mechanics are pretty, but require too much adapting and getting used to.Especcially 3d units that can be differentiated only in close-up view or after reading the pop-up -- not good idea."
76561198068098502,Recommended,226840,23202507,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,halisme,You can use a flamethrower on pixies and mortar unicorns.
,Recommended,226840,24487667,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Onebadterran,"Curator Review:AoW3 is a 4X, Turn-Based Strategy Fantasy game that feels like a mix of Civilization V and Heroes of Might and Magic. Take control of one of the great races and conquer your enemies or make allies to create global peace. Overall, it is a pretty fun game. Probably won't be a staple of the channel but it was fun while it lasted.https://youtu.be/QyhPWd68gMQ"
76561198132544772,Recommended,226840,24802541,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Billy Bob Jenkins,Like Civ but magical and more indepth fighting
,Recommended,226840,9828863,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Greenpatriot,I honestly could not tell you if I was playing Civilization V or Warcraft 3.....and win!
76561198013132245,Recommended,226840,15827077,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,huminado,"Every time I play this I have fun.Also I just made a 5 level map with protected areas and one way portals.  Here aremy maps.AI Improvements:And now the AI seems to be smart enough to handle that map without drooling like an embecile!  I think this is great - because now I can continue work on that map and make it what I had envisioned in the first place, or close to it at least.The big drawback to most randomly generated maps is that once an area is ""cleaned up"" it remains mostly dormant.  So that is somewhat mitigated with the map I'm working on.Because the AI has improved, I can seriously consider getting the other DLC I was holding back on.Atmosphere:Atmospherically, this game is possibly THE BEST LOOKING FANTASY 4X OF ALL TIME.  Go ahead, just try going into the editor to create your own map.  It's like spending time painting a picture - very relaxing way to spend time and it's productive and fun to make an atmosphere people might enjoy.Other than the board, the UI is very nice.  I guess I don't really notice when a UI is nice - I only notice when it's deplorable - and this one is artful and it's clear a lot of love went into it.Hero Generation:The character generator has personality.  Really - this is the first game with a character generator (I guess I mean avatar) where I spent time with the appearance giving each one personality.  Because the range of appearances and role play are vastly beyond anything I've seen before - making a creepy witch was my favorite.Tactics:This is a great tactical mind workout playing the tactical map for each battle.  Because the maps are relatively large, interesting strategies can take place.  I don't anticipate Endless Legend will ever come close to the tactical experience AoW provides.City Building:There are maybe 6 or so different building ""paths"" to choose for a city.  So to get access to specific units you might have to build several buildings on a specific path.  These paths aren't very obvious and there's a learning / memorization (or documentation lookup) curve involved with cities.  I like it, but it might not suit everyone.Units:Units are not customizable, although heros are.  This is where Endless Legend seems to provide a vaster gameplay experience in comparison.  All units do level though, which is at least somewhat engaging to track which units are closest to leveling to prioritize who gets the kills and reap XP.Community:The modding community is very active and supportive.  I got a lot of encouragement and comments and that makes a huge game engagement difference, if you enjoy trying other people's mods or making them yourself.Missing Things Nobody Misses:There's something you can log into.  I have no idea.  I just play as guest all the time.  So it's a non-intrusive experience unlike other games.  Guess what?  That lack of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t commands a higher price tag and is well worth it.  [I'm looking at you HOMM.]"
,Recommended,226840,9966882,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,koga_de_fett - ps4!!!!,"um beautifull, awesome, and takes some thinking well for me it does... BUT ITS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!"
,Recommended,226840,11126569,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,WintersBlood,"A fantasy themed game that borrows from Civ, but does a great job focusing on combat. A great time kill."
76561198053266193,Recommended,226840,17620586,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,The True Emperor,"Absolutely wonderful game. Has that Might and Magic feeling but more options, deeper gameplay. I am only a couple hours in but I am loving it!! Highly recommend if you like turn based strategy games. The tutorial is ok, takes a bit of work to figure some things out, but otherwise, you can just leap in and play."
76561197973669178,Recommended,226840,29091819,Posted: 7 January,all,Corpsefool,Don't let the civ snob fan-boys ruin your experience. This game has a wealth of things to kick-in and knock-down. Biggest and baddest always win!
76561198255238563,Recommended,226840,26441047,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,DragonType,A strategy game with spells? Hell yeah its fun.
,Recommended,226840,17507057,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Balzaphon,Balzaphon's seal of approval.
76561198131717427,Recommended,226840,16402370,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,slimezking,great game
76561198045616828,Recommended,226840,17483494,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Raeisley,"Hours of fun for me and my friends, its a good break and change of pace from other games and I love the varied of classes and units."
76561198000733745,Recommended,226840,16652522,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,mptyspace,Game looks pretty fun.
76561198031545484,Recommended,226840,13494436,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,crazy_charlie321,"Not too difficult and an overall nice turnbased 4x4 game.Why buy it?I have played each AoW and I like this one the best, though I liked the first one as well. I already knew the game so it wasn´t a difficult decision to buy this one, for people that have not played this game yet and like strategy/tactics with civ building.. it is worth it.Remarks:My old Windforce GTX 770 did get pushed a bit with this game, on the highest settings anyway. Though it did not matter and the game was fully playable.Recommend:Yes."
76561198013455645,Recommended,226840,15676770,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,[NuK]Gecko-->,It has Dwarves!!! What the hell is not to like?
,Recommended,226840,15401936,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,GingerBeardMan,"I believe this is one of the top tier turn-based games I have played yet. It has a Civ feel to it, yet it varies in many ways. The entire fantasy setting hits home to me and I love it. To include the ability to be good vs. evil, having heroes to fight with, to be able to choose to perform the battle yourself, and to have an Underworld along with the Overworld is just quite amazing. Would recommend this game any day"
76561197960597607,Recommended,226840,15402186,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Xem*,One of the best Turn Based Strategy games you can get.
,Recommended,226840,15402796,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Arevel,Druid Dwarf riding a battle boar... 10/10!
76561198092663826,Recommended,226840,15403273,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,firebreathingsquirrel,"Overall, a quality and adicting game I more than got my money's worth out of. There is defenitely a limit to the replayabaility though. At a certain point, combat begins to become very formulaized and not as fun."
76561197961488512,Recommended,226840,15403828,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,MartyOne,A nice tactical strategical game with nice graphics and gameplay.A little bit time consuming to handle all battles by yourself but the combat system is nice.
,Recommended,226840,15404127,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Icejumper4,"I absolutely love this game.I personally like it more than Civilization V. It hasamazingcombat strategy, and is action-packed."
76561198149927988,Recommended,226840,15405088,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,d_con_k,"Kind of cool so far ....So glad I waited however for the Necromancer class to be released ... otherwise the ""Dark"" character / race choices in the game would not have been fulfilling.Music ... meh .... not bad for general players but for a Necro - replaced it with some Lustmord.Solid performance so far .... no lag / good graphics - excellent Alt + Tab capabilities ... so I can grab a turn here and there during work breaks ....Also playing Endless Legend, Endless Space and Civ BE at this time.AOW III outshines EL in the tactical combat while EL City / Empire Management is superior.So - overall - it fills a niche and does it nicely from what I can see so far ... worth the money - especially with the crazy discounts they offered at launch.Nice work Devs !  Hope to see more races and City / Empire Building / Diplomacy enhancements over time ..."
76561198121392718,Recommended,226840,15447850,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,President Evil Morty,Its alot better than i remember it. 1.5 made a difference :)
,Recommended,226840,15457981,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,allnet20,"I got this game during one of the Seasons sales * don't remember which one though :P* and i let it sit in my libary for a good month before installing it *GG college* But sense then i've come to realize that was a mistake. this game is a great take on a well thought out blend of 4x/Hero based tactical Strategy * the addition of the RPG level up system for your heros is very much welcomed and adds that little something to the game.*.if you like the like of Endless legend or Civ game then you should add this to your libary. * Also just pay the 5$ more fore the deluxe edition, while it adds one scenario *a pretty good one* it give access to the 2 hours worth of soundtrack which is excellent. Honest rating. 8.5/10 * rating doesn't include multiplayer or the two expansions*"
,Recommended,226840,15539236,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Captain Obieso,This is probably the best 4X game I have ever played
,Recommended,226840,15543046,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Saige,Friend told me to check this game out. Frankly it has blown my mind. Except for some MP connection issues I have zero complaints about this game.
76561198082238967,Recommended,226840,15569599,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Grunter Prime,"300 hours in, still love it."
,Recommended,226840,15569728,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Lotabeer,"This game is amazing. I have probably never enjoyed spending large amounts of time in a non-MMO game before. That being said, I found the introductory experience to be very rocky. If you're a newbie to these games/this genre like I was: play on EASY at least for the first mission. I've sunk just shy of 60 hours into the game so far and I'd say that I might actually understand the basics of intermediate-level play now, which is enough for me to fumble through (and thoroughly enjoy) the game on low difficulty, while constantly learning more. I can see this being a game where you would need hundreds of hours to comprehensively understand it on a high level due (without running into surprises) to the sheer number of variables involved. This may sound daunting but it's actually fantastic on a semi-casual level since it keeps you constantly sucked in with new content and gameplay. I have zero interest in online play and yet this game still feels like it could provide 200+ hours of solid play for me.Only real downside is that, for all it's strides toward modernization, there are still many barriers to accessability in this game that will require research to overcome. With searching and good old guess-and-check, you will come to learn it well, but it's annoying that even with the seemingly comprehensive in-game encyclopedia, there are many nuances of game mechanics that are not very intuitive or easy to master (constrained cities? Flanking criteria in tactical battles?). Old school gamers would call this part of the fun of the game, since you have to learn by being occasionally punished by unknowable rules, but I tend to think this is unacceptable in modern gaming and it just feels pointlessly dated to me.Overall though I dont think I could reccomend this game highly enough and I haven't even dipped a toe into the DLC yet. I got it half off but it's easily worth the full price if you dont feel like waiting for a sale."
76561197970936485,Recommended,226840,15575652,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Winsaucerer,"Interesting units, quite a bit to play with.  Tedious to finish conquering the enemy, but fortunately there are two other victory conditions which were not (as I understand) in the original game, which help avoid that."
76561198008606871,Recommended,226840,15595223,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,dardunc,"This game seems  good, with heaps of complexity and great fantasy feel. I dont normally play strategy games, but I like the look of this and gave it a try. The campaign seemed a little zergy (well you seem to get the best success if you rushed the map), and I like to mess about for hours and build up cities, so I tried the ramdom maps, which suited my play style much better. The only thing is that the other NPCs didnt seem to attack me, but perhaps that was because I was nice to them through diplomacy and I set the play-style to 'empire building'. There is plenty to learn, characters to play and limitless randomly generated maps. Good stuff."
76561197961347835,Recommended,226840,15632377,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Spudzi-1-eye,"Age of Wonders 3 is a fun game.  Lots of magic spells and unit abilities to research. The combat is easy to learn, but still no cake walk.  Latest AI updates have improved computer tatics.  The latest DLC opens up two more races and adds the undead...  Great game!  The worlds can be HUGE and don't expect to finish it any time soon.  Lots of new spells and unit type mixing."
76561198111672496,Recommended,226840,14758581,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,matthew.tobin01,"This is a beautiful and quirky game, the setting is lush and exciting. However, the quirkiness can actually be something of a problem. A player is limited to a rather small army, especially at the beginning of the game. This limit does not seem to apply to the computer player, however. Again, this game is designed so that you explore the fascinating landscapes rather than ""hunker down"" at your capital and other cities. The army limits also apply to your cities, so I found myself playing almost a completely defensive game with my armies in my capital and towns, and the immediate ""hex boxes"" encircling those just waiting for massive computer armies to attack me. I'd have liked to see more of the world, but this was almost impossible because I found my explorers ruthlessly hunted down by the computer while at the same time wiping out my capital and cities. Also, you have to generate plenty of resources in your cities to fund and feed your armies, which precluded having armies to even match the size of a computer player. 3 out of 5 Stars."
,Recommended,226840,14780940,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Rammsau,"This game is awesome!The units, the variety, the change from a relatively mundane early game to an truly epic endgame, simply the best I've ever played in the 4X genre.And the dev support and dedication is second to none.Highly recommended to anyone enjoying this kind of game!!!"
,Recommended,226840,14850097,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Picrasso,"I've been a fan of the Age of Wonders series since AoW1, and have bought all the previous games to AoW3. This in a time I would've downloaded other games. I've had many wonderful hours with Age of Wonders. If you love strategy and fantasy lore this game is a must buy! I like the 'return' to AoW1 mechanics: no more wizard towers or wizards you can't upgrade. It's hard to think up something I don't like. I like the unit stories, the background, campaign stories, epic cities, hero classes and so on and so on!There's a bit of a concern tho. For new players, the game may be somewhat overwhelming. So many mechanics! And the DLC's add even more complexity. Luckily the Tome of Wonders helps out. So if you're new to this game or genre keep on trying! It's certainly worth the effort."
76561198141748121,Recommended,226840,14853422,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,jfitch1,"Now that the game has been updated and patched over the past year, it is simply amazing on all fronts."
76561198002916609,Recommended,226840,14870227,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Bazooka,"Great game. Only complaint, game locks up on the largest map with the max number of opponents. Hopefully next DLC fixes it?"
76561198012070554,Recommended,226840,14886601,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Nelyville,Very good game!
76561198004581399,Recommended,226840,14906070,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mr. Simple,"Best...game...ever.  I can't get enough of this gem.  I was a huge fan of AOW & AOW2 and wondered if the new offering was going to be any good.  Well, it crushed them both (IMO) out of the ballpark.  Golden Realms added so much excellent content to the game that I can barely wait for the new expansion to come out.  Bottom line…if you haven’t played this title yet, do yourself a favor and buy a copy.  It will not disappoint."
,Recommended,226840,14940929,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,NightShroud,good game
,Recommended,226840,14968977,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,anotherGreyMonkey,The best 4x fantasy stragedy so far
76561198057035003,Recommended,226840,14984914,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Omgwtfbears,"Good game, but ftfs where are my undead? In upcoming DLC, that's where :("
76561198007386929,Recommended,226840,14999781,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,MeanFacedJohnny,Heroes hasn't been good since 3. But this is. Like pancakes.
76561197987568028,Recommended,226840,15049034,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,viking06x,I enjoy this game much more than Civ 5.Aow3 is what you get when you combine Civ 5 + Total War + Dragons.Doesn't have all the diplomacy of Civ 5 but it more that makes up for it with tactical turn-based battles like in Total War. Heroes are upgradeable and there are many options to play as among the 6 races (+3 with expansions) and 6 classes (+1 with Eternal Lords).The only negative is that this game is an amazing time waster.
76561198044121460,Recommended,226840,15100691,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ronix75,"Great game - definitely worth a try. If you liked AoW I & II, you will love this one, too. Meanwhile, the different races are different to play - not like when the game first came out."
76561197963015830,Recommended,226840,15362585,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,AgiSoloOff,"The gameplay is well done and theres lots to do, replay value is high in this game,"
,Recommended,226840,15364021,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,VlaDDrakkeN,"Writing reviews not my thing so I'll keep this short and sweet. It remains faithful to the original and yet still is able to change it up. it is a good and even challenging TBS and does a good job in customizing your hero. With two good expansions/dlc that adds more races and the newest one adding a new class all together, this is a great choice for a fantasy strategy gamer."
76561197968675348,Recommended,226840,15364735,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,sjoboy,"great game, i enjoyed it alot so far and hope the expansions bring alot more to the game"
,Recommended,226840,15366629,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Endothlyne,This is more of a praise for the developers than a review. There are plenty of those already.  Originally I got this game not long after its release. I played it for a bit but I just couldn't get ino it. Its difficult to pin point exactly why but it just didn't gel with me. After reading about update 1.5 I decided to give the game another shot. I'm glad I did because this time after starting with a new campaign the game has grown on me. They have made a lot of tweaks and improvements since I last played it. It shows some dedication when developers like this try so hard to improve the game. They could have quite easily walked away and abandoned it.I think the initial problem with this game is that there was huge expectation prior to its release given the popularity of the older games. Rather than give up though the developers actually listened to their fan base and kept on making improvements. You don't often see that kind of devotion when the release of a game doesn't quite go to plan.The latest expansion looks great and it could be the one that completely turns this game around. I'm going to wait a while though and continue playing with the original. By then there will be a lot more feedback about eternal lords and I get the feeling it will be mostly positive.If like me you were not completely taken by AOW III on its release I recommend you give it another try as you may be pleasantly surprised.
76561198007403402,Recommended,226840,15371658,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,reactiondk,Fairly good game. Basicly a new version of Heroes of Might & Magic. I would give it a 7/10. Animations looks good. Lots of different spells and decent game mechanics. A lot of different monsters. Good building system. Good hero system. Overall a pretty good modern version of Heroes of Might and Magic - I think that is the best way to put it.
76561198065269403,Recommended,226840,15395374,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,drshakyhand,Another welcome addition to Linux. Game has remained pretty true to shadow magic. It makes me happy.
76561198030769285,Recommended,226840,13868980,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,cale,"Like the old ""Masters of Magic"" game, alot of fun."
76561198015244005,Recommended,226840,13876344,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Arduano,A very worthy sequel for a legendary series
,Recommended,226840,13876361,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Great Gatsby,this game can be very addicting. but man is it fun.
76561198058351156,Recommended,226840,13902023,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,GΞCKΘ,"If you really like spending your time playing strategy games. Games that sometimes take time to complete and you enjoy every process of it, this game is just great for that."
,Recommended,226840,13909254,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,FuzzyLogic,A great installment from Triumph Studios I played Age of Woners 1 way back and I am really happy with what Triumph did with the francise.  Deep tactical turn base combat :)
76561198012769908,Recommended,226840,13932784,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,The Captain,"A good RTS, interesting stories and the campaigns were nice too :)"
,Recommended,226840,13951208,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,snapicus,"Love it.  If you played AoW: Shadow Magic and loved it, this game is pretty much a solid continuation.  Better graphics of course, improved mechanics, but still true to the series.  Very happy with this game.Only drawback (and it's minor) is that the Sorcerer class is currently stupid overpowered, and I mean crazy OP.  But it'll probably get hit with the nerfbat in a future patch, so for now enjoy easymode with it if you like."
76561198009366503,Recommended,226840,13963538,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Ilaro,"Destroying orc empires with gigantic flame waves or just rolling over elven towns with huge steamengines, this game has it!The developers of this game absolutely need more support, because they are doing a incredible job. Constantly communicating with the playerbase and actually listening to them.Oh.. and I also enjoy the gameplay. Especially the tactical combat is marvelous!"
76561198030452578,Recommended,226840,13967443,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Arry Ghekon,"Excellent TBS game. Shares more with the Elemental / Fallen Enchantress series than with say, Disciples 2, which is what I originally thought it would be like.Simple explanation:Build city.Build city upgrades.Do quests / exploration with your armies.Repeat.It can get VERY slow later on, and the speed at which units and building are produced is, IMO, not as well-balanced as the Elemental series, but it's solid to the core.Highly recommend."
76561198124617430,Recommended,226840,13981714,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,XXXHentaiGuiXXX,Very fun and entertaining strategy game
,Recommended,226840,14000310,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Gamling,"AoW 3 is my favorite game turnbased game ever. I played and enyoyed AoW1 and AoW2 alot but this game takes the series to a new level. The class/race combo makes each game diffrent. The AI is very good. The game isn´t easy but the combat system is clear and far superior to any other similar game I played. The battle fields are very beutiful. The comming Necromancer expansion will sort out the only things I think isn´t fleshed out yet, which is the reputation and good/evil affinnity system."
76561198053248865,Recommended,226840,14051095,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,gariontitus,Love the game......However I only recommend this game if you have AMD Graphics............... It constantly crashes with Nvidia graphics......
76561198035240542,Recommended,226840,14054720,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,krivons,Great game. Different enough from AOW2 that I'm still playing both.
,Recommended,226840,14169006,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,federated state of trollnesia,"There are some huge negatives for me:-Lower tier units rapidly become useless compared to higher tiered units. Although higher tiered units require some investment to acquire, they are not much more expensive than the lower tiered units. This makes it such that the best strategies are just spamming leviathans, flame tanks, or archon titans. I don't like that. I prefer the skirmishes the early game has to offer, with lots of archers, swordsmen, and caster armies. These feel tactical and well-suited, but once players can begin to amass the higher tiered units it just becomes a race to see who can build these the most. War is then less about exploration and tactics, and more just who managed to assert a few good cities and start pumping out the stronger units. It's a classic problem for most strategy games, but here it ruins the fun for me. This problem has been solved reasonably well in the past - it's not like riflemen in Warcraft 3 suddenly went out of style even towards the end of a game, yet archers rapidly become useless in this. It's annoying.Otherwise, it's a fun turn-based game in dire need of some hard balancing (honestly, leviathans are insane since you can sumnmon them anywhere with mana and have a fear effect PLUS they can mind control units, it's not even fair if a player gets six of these up and running, which isn't hard to do if you get enough shrines)."
76561198032056219,Recommended,226840,14206316,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,jon.killi,"bought AoW from steam a while back. there was no key, no email.trying to find the key by right-clikking the game in library does not give a key.synchronization with the mother account lacks key to end process.stuck.been playing as guest. game crashes after a while every time. not satisfactory.quite fed-up ! especially as game suits me, good one. recommend game, not steam.j"
76561197963357019,Recommended,226840,14268263,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,good.good.good,"This game is awesome.  It is absolutely stupid (in a good way) how many hours you could rack up on this with unique content.  The devs are doing the right thing.  Keep up the good work, it is not going unnoticed!"
,Recommended,226840,14288106,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kanaric,Game is fairly excellent. Good throwback to older games and Age of Wonder 2. Logged a lot of hours into Shadow Magic and this is a worthy successor. This game is certainly better than Stardock's offering and also superior to any recent Heroes of Might and Magic game.
76561198036166381,Recommended,226840,14291106,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,aeneo2001,Fun to play only problem I have is the randomness of the researching
,Recommended,226840,14302710,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,teslas,"I played the original, then the second, and now this. The game has made both incremental and drastic improvements over the years. If you're a fan of turn-based heroes of might and magic or civilization style games, this might be sort of up your alley. The ""best"" part is the fact that there's a fairly complex turn-based piece battle system waiting there for you as well. The story line is the best kind of fantasy camp.33% empire management, 66% tactical battles, 1% giggling as your giant/dragon/elemental bashes archers in their god damn mouths."
76561198049030260,Recommended,226840,14581014,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Faitas,"Good game and fun, but not sure if it's worth all the money."
76561198031515788,Recommended,226840,14602398,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Amaraktar,"Kind of disappointed after really getting into Shadow Magic a few years ago. This one just isn't as good - the campaigns are nowhere near the great level of story we got in AOW:SM, and while the Wizard classes have been separated out a bit (so you're playing more a style rather than an element), there's a morality system (straight Good / Evil) which makes roleplaying properly pretty difficult. There are the usual mobs guarding each useful resource, but a good Elf killing these independent elves gives you evil points - the same goes for if you're playing Orcs killing independent goblins or trolls guarding a mine - you would get ""Good"" points for doing this.....Doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me, but the main sticking points for me are the campaign story and secondly the zoom-in battles. I realise a lot of people complained that ranged units were a bit OP before, but now you just can't get in a shot in city sieges before climbers and wall-passers are on you!Another smaller not-really-a-problem was that there was a lack of heroes turning up. The levelling system for them seems improved and my few ended up with far too much gear - have more turn up please!6/10 - If you like this kind of 4X exploration / city-building / TBC then I'd buy Shadow Magic instead. Much better."
,Recommended,226840,14708171,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Jobiir,"Only played a small part of the campaign so far, already having an awesome nostalgic experience."
76561198140951147,Recommended,226840,13556095,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MrMoose,"Great game! Love the platform, gameplay style, and combat scenes!"
,Recommended,226840,13556809,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,dwiggs,"A great iteration on a classic series - my favorite of the three by far. The game was pretty solid on release, wandered over into ""excellent"" territory after Golden Realms and the accompanying balance/content patches, and is looking to cross over into ""unbelievable"" with the Necromancer/Frostling expansion coming in early 2015 (new content, well-thought out balance and strategic adjustments, and a unique server-side Play-By-Email variant!)Icing on the cake - the dev team at Triumph is incredible; they've always been very sharp, responsive, and friendly.The one area I'd give this game a lower grade for would be its campaign. While they've tried to fill the campaign with a rich story and interesting events, sometimes the underlying 4X game doesn't mesh so well with the campaign goals, and those maps turn into tight rushes or long slogs. The game truly shines in its individual scenarios and especially in its well-done random map generator, both in SP and MP."
,Recommended,226840,13558196,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Winter,Playing this game is like riding a time travel machine. The moment you finished a campaign it is now the week after.
76561198116723022,Recommended,226840,13572393,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,trojanows6,This game is awesome and the support from developers and fellow game players is amazing!
76561198080731337,Recommended,226840,13579706,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Khudargo,"Absolutely loved AoW I and II (and even AoW:SM) - perfectly captures the RPG-lite, tactical combat feel of those games, with gorgeous graphics and smooth gameplay. It's not an Empire building game - it's more a fantasy tactical battle simulator than a full 4x game, but it's fun, fast-paced, and well worth a look."
,Recommended,226840,13602001,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,AmpleProsper,"A fantasticly deep mix of fantasy and strategy, best 4x game ive ever played."
76561197961142540,Recommended,226840,13602576,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Beelzebub,"Never written a review before.. but this game is essentially what you would get if Heroes of Might and Magic had a baby with Civilization. Its not a bad game.. slightly confusing and no real beginners guide to it.  Good difficulty though, not too easy"
,Recommended,226840,13607292,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,hewis lewis and the newis,"AI declared war on me, razed one of their own cities for no reason, surrendered immediately. All in one turn. 10/10 GOTY"
76561198008161197,Recommended,226840,13633602,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Hippygrenade,Great Game tons  of fun! Oh and any Players out there add me!
,Recommended,226840,13666102,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,fryhtaning,"As someone who was raised on the Civ and Heroes of Might and Magic series, this game has surprised me with how well it incorporates elements from both.  The overworld is very HoMM-esque, and the combat is much better and more strategic.  The city-building is not as deep as a Civ game, of course, but it punishes you very well if you try to ""complete"" every city with all of the available buildings.  If you sit back and try and build a mega army, without any defenses, you'll get squashed by wave after wave of enemy forces, so you're forced into prioritizing your military cities vs your money/resource-acquiring cities.  The game is gorgeous and the music is great.  I bought this game a month before the Steam sales began and I don't regret one bit the fact that I could have saved another $10-15."
76561197974936667,Recommended,226840,13678181,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ElBabbo,Master of Magic is back 0_o <3
76561198025176931,Recommended,226840,13680822,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,shannae.darkehart,"Playing this game reminds me of playing Master of Magic. It needs some work in places, but it appears to be coming along quite nicely as updates and DLC roll out. The music is fantastic: I listen to it while playing other games, even! The graphics are lovely as well, though being rather visually impaired this is a much lesser concern to me. The AI is not especially intelligent, relying on sheer mechanical advantage to increase difficulty.But I didn't buy it for the AI, I bought it for MFing *hot seat mode* - this one feature has made me and my brother inordinately happy, as we once again engage in continuous wars for supremacy. :D"
76561198030401640,Recommended,226840,13703172,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Slouista,This game is a masterpeice and leaves stardocks attempts at this kind of game for dead.
,Recommended,226840,13716234,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Armchair_Tactician,"This game is a strategist's gold mine. The units are unique and very interesting for each race and each class have perks that anyone can love.  The mechanics make the battles more realistic, with the pikemen getting in the first hit even when attacked due to their long polearms for example. Best of all, with the recent update, the AI is definately a real challenge, even on the lowest difficulty. Even the bandits are a lot smarter too, using their Sprint ability to outflank your units which sort of makes them more annoying though. If you want a turn-based strategy game that's truly amazing and that forces your to plan every move carefully, then AOW III is your gem.Civilization V + Chess+ Total War? = Age of Wonders III"
76561198031198812,Recommended,226840,13720667,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,L.Killer,Love it! Very reminiscent of the old school DOS game Master of Magic. It's nostolgic and new at the same time.
76561198019529379,Recommended,226840,13730630,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,L2ghtBr2nger,Very much a traditional fantasy cross between Heroes of Might and Magic and the kind of gameplay in Endless Legend.  I am loving it so far.
,Recommended,226840,13733606,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TreebeardTheEnt,"Age of Wonders III is a disappointing sequel to a disappointing sequel. The original game wasn't perfect mechanically, but had a great depth of lore and unique content, featuring dual campaigns which branched and featured various races. This game has but a single primary campagin, and as far as i played into it, was extremely linear.Still i have hope that additional content and the potential for a fun multiplayer game will make Age of Wonders 3 worth picking up, just wait for a sale."
76561198007083586,Recommended,226840,13749414,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Imperator,"Enjoyable, worth the purchase."
76561198037576917,Recommended,226840,13749890,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tyler,Love this series I just wish the game had as many playable races as the first
76561198047582828,Recommended,226840,13756707,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,'Ol Pa Reaper,Awesome fantasy style gameplay
76561198035036497,Recommended,226840,13768902,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Hapax Legomenon,"Have you played the Classic Age of Wonders games?Do you like Turn Based Strategy games?Do you like Civilization, but would like something a bit less complicated on the minimanaging side?Do you like swords , elves and magic?If you said yes to any of those, I highly recommend this game. It have a beautiful art, lots of details everywhere, great character customization.The campaign is a blast,  and the game many modes offer a great replayability.I would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,226840,13781040,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cano,I am a CIV fan and a strategy fan and this game is an fantastic mix between them! I love the way units are leveling up and getting stronger and stronger!
76561198079020363,Recommended,226840,13452775,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,crickit90,"I just started. I have only completed one map, but I played for eleven hours straight because this game warrants it. Everything levels up, and as they do all sorts of upgrades occur. Many of them are automatic, but you get to customize your heros in useful ways. They give you 5 points to spend as you please. These can new passive or active bonuses including, but not exclusive to: attack up, defense up, life up, rapid regeneration, resistance up, new abilities like heal, rust, first strike, increased vision. The settlements have a simple spread, but it is deep enough for you to specialize with the bonus reasources inside of your domain. There are not many units that cannot be dealt with by tier 1 (the lowest) units if you get their experience all the way up. Archers are actually protected by the infantry you place in front of them because attacks of opportunity are present. The only real complaint I have is with the notifications system. It tells you most things twice, and in such a way that you may not know how to respond. For instance, if an enemy enters your territory you get a notification that will highlight the square the enemy entered. Unfortunately, this is not normally going to be the last square the enemy occupied, so you will need to search in up to a 12 square radius for said enemy. This is a fast paced game. If you don't overrun your enemy quickly, expect a long uphill battle."
76561198064600875,Recommended,226840,13503747,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Exfilter,"This game has a great many aspects I personally enjoy, the most prominant being the ability to create the leader of your faction/ primary hero unit. With the ability to customize class, race, and skill specialization (as well as appearance, of course), AoW pulls off their mix of fantasy RPG and strategy game deftly. The 3 choices above have a real impact, given that they determine what elite units you can produce and what spells you can cast.The only weakness of the game is, sadly, its battle system. For fans of the Total War series, who will find most of this game rather easy to adapt to, the lack of ability to plan and strategize battles as well as you do diplomacy or city development can be very frustrating. One example of this is pre-battle deployment, which arranges all units in a long line, seemingly at random. One often feels slightly helpless in these battles, as the whim of the computer will sometimes place powerful ranged units with no armor in the center, in striking distance of the enemy infantry, while your infantry are placed on the end of the line, and are therefore useless for the first few turns. In essence, deployment becomes the deciding factor in many battles, and you don't control it.This is a rather gaping hole of bad design in an otherwise well put together game. Buy it if it's on sale, as the rest of the game is quite fun, but honestly if you've got enough money to pay full price just buy Endless Legend (which is better, apparently; I've never played it)TL,DR : Fun blend of strategy and fantasy RPG with a few oversights, esspecially in the battle system. Buy it if it's on sale."
,Recommended,226840,13550234,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kurp ♥,Better HOMM than what Ubisoft is capable of making.
76561197966556850,Recommended,226840,13551315,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Big Dracula,"Awesome follow up to Age of Wonders: Shadow Magic that isn't content to just rehash the same old mechanics. It manages to recreate the atmosphere of the older Age of Wonders games while changing up the game is some pretty dramatic and intelligent ways. Age of Wonders III separates race and culture for units; a goblin, for example, can now be any type of class from Theocrat to Rouge. This not only adds a tremendous variety and replayability to the game, but is also a statement that race shouldn't define one's culture.Things to complain about? I get nostalgic for the awesome 2D art of the older games. All the graphics are now rendered in 3D which have less charm and sometimes makes it difficult to distinguish low and mid tier units from one another. On the battlefield, mid and low tier units are no longer individuals, but small stacks that function like individuals. As such, they are smaller and sometimes indistinguishable from one another. It's something you get used to, and since the units are as full of personality as the older games, it's ultimately a minor complaint.There are also less races to choose from than the older games, but since you now must choose both race and class, variety doesn't suffer as much as you would think. Still, the more races and classes as Triumph Studios makes available, the better. I'm personally hoping for Dark Elves and Lizardmen.This is one of the best fantasy 4X games out there; a nice balance of new and old, great music and atmosphere, and a bright future ahead of it in the way of expansions and patches."
,Recommended,226840,13552908,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Moulders,"Pretty good fun, very complicated but well worth £10"
76561197990452748,Recommended,226840,13555135,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Tletl,Decent enough 4x with HoMM combat
76561198002948133,Recommended,226840,12670791,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Turjak,"AOW3 is a solid title. It can be compared roughly to Fallen Enchantress or Heroes of Might & Magic/ Kings Bounty, with a few major, major differences.There's significantly less emphasis placed on the range of options in strategic meta-game (the focus is on war, full stop) , and hero development is more of a shallow affair.However, it more than makes up for these deficiencies/differences with its combat system.Games are fast, and combat has a great deal of depth (flanking, better use of 3-D space) that you won't see in other fantasy 4x titles. The pacing is such that AOW doesn't want you waiting 20 turns between battles, but keeps them coming, turn after turn.I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys online or random map play and likes the genre, although I am really enjoying the single player campaign after I've discovered the secret to making it easier (and having more fun) is to play a breakneck pace constantly on the rush.The intial learning curve is a little steep, but once you get the hang of it, you'll enjoy playing the battles (for the most part, as large engagements are neat to see, but kind of a mess to coordinate)."
76561198017277906,Recommended,226840,12680743,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,The_Bane_Company,"TLDR Version:Come for the solid magically enhanced and customizable strategery, stay for the lawlz. Worth.Long Version:Want a game that's similar to the Civilization games but with a magic system and customizable troops that you can make awesome squads out of like a goblin with a stick riding a bug, a majestic pegasus, a dragon that spits fire, a sprite(the magical creature, not the soda but that would be awesome and they should add that in future DLC!) and a huge gassy obese fishman thing?It has that!Want a game where you can make a goofy (or not goofy, if you're so inclined) looking being out of a bunch of fantastical races and classes that can actually change the way you play the game so you can dominate the map as a grotesque goblin magitechnowizard that summons spy drones so he doesn't ever have to leave the safety of the initial spawn point in order to troll his neighbors?It has that TOO!Want a game where you can make a magical boar fight a regular ol' boring natural boar to the death all while fighting an undead menace and at the same time shoot them with a catapult while sieging a castle and setting the battlefield on fire with your mind so you can find out what treasure they have been hiding from you, all while cackling menacingly as you ask someone (politely, mind you) in the room to bring you a pee bottle/poo bucket so you don't actually have to leave the game for one minute?All this can happen to you, AND MORE, if you buy this game."
,Recommended,226840,12693355,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Axterminator,Great game!
76561198036058263,Recommended,226840,12754614,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,MeLose,Was a lot of fun.
76561198035455533,Recommended,226840,12766410,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,jjmendez,"Enjoyable.  I've completed one campaign and played a few solo-maps.  I like the class system, but I do feel as though they drained the importantce of the different magic realms to make the classes important.  I'll return to it on and off over the years, just like I did with AoW: SM."
76561198044885011,Recommended,226840,12766852,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Orsnoire,"While the game retains the same charm and interest of its predecessors in the series, the developers for the game have not resolved some of the gameplay faults of the older game, allowing the player to ""trial and error"" their way through learning the functionality of the game rather than providing a solid tutorial or ""advisor"" option, common in more modern games, in order to reduce the tedium of learning how to interact with the complex systems within the game.While I am recommending this game, if the next generation of AoW doesn't include more modern QoL features, I will not be recommending any future installments, and won't purchase any past the fourth (provided in the 4th they don't improve the QoL)."
,Recommended,226840,12805921,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,BoatGoblin,Outrageous fun. Does take long time to play though.
76561198054741828,Recommended,226840,12895483,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[Y]uro[N],great game
76561198136883880,Recommended,226840,12939925,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Despotos Sin,It has a good learning curve and will give you a lot of options anywhere from diplomatic to military. On top of that the countless options of settlements you can bring into your empire is a good addition to the cities you can already build yourself.It's a must play.
76561198070765531,Recommended,226840,12941631,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Navarro9814,"Amazing game, beautiful graphics, indepth game and lovely combat. Though te AI is Highly agressive so I recommend this with other human players."
76561198097976993,Recommended,226840,12952283,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,㊏Beelzeboss,so im not going to say its the best game ever it has some good points and some negitive ones. The positive points make the game worth playing such as every race is uniquie and has uniquie units to them which means multible playthroughs to see the diffrent unit types. Also diffrent classes have specific spells that only they can use and specific units that only that class can produce which again means multible playthroughs. I also think its fun to gather your armys and exspore the world although it becomes difficult to maintain armies as they get exspencive and they will end up costing more gold then what you can produce which makes sence. Although one of the negitives is this doesn'tseem to affect the AI players as the have massive armies floating around. And there is one of the down sides the Ai are near unstobalbe as they can through massive armies at you and their spells are nearly always effective in combat. Also the only way to win the game i through dominathion peace treatys mean nothing in this eventually out of no where the AI will declare war on you and you cant do much to hold your lines as their massive armies quickly overrun you espically when you have a war on 4 fronts your not going to last long. The AI will never allie with you so that ones out or so i found anyway. All in all i would say for the sheir replay value its worth having a run on just to see all the races and classes in action.
76561197993007257,Recommended,226840,12961829,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Binkles McStinkles,A very mediocre turn based fantasy game.  Wait for sale prices and DLC (e.g. learn the optimal build order and roll your face across the keyboard and auto-combat carries you to victory as the combat is otherwise tedious and boring).
,Recommended,226840,13012508,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Gigathulu,"I thoroughly enjoyed the first two installments of age of wonders, and the 3rd shows marked improvements in almost every way.  It's immersive, caters to different styles of play, and at over 200 hours of play (personal results may vary) you definitely get your moneys worth."
76561198009802187,Recommended,226840,13045617,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Altonu,"When I first tried Ago of Wonders 3, I was struck by how similar the interface felt to Civ 5, so I found myself comparing it to Civ 5, but really, Heroes of Might and Magic or Disciples are a much better point of comparison.If I compare it to Civ 5, I keep gettign disapointed about how simple the city building is, but it is not really more simplified than HoMM or Disciples.  The magic system is on par with DIsciples (which is to say not quite as good as HoMM, but still very respectable), and the tactical combat is very good (better than HoMM or Disciples in my opinion).  The storyline for the campaigns is also well done, but the actual campaigns felt on the short side - The campaign maps were large to huge and offset the lack of scenarios as far as gameplay time. The number of scenarios in each campaign were around 5-6 for each of the two campaigns (with a branch in each to add aother couple scenarios for each).  I prefer more scenarios with smaller maps, but others might prefer the AoW approach.Overall, I find AoW to be a good enjoyable game, but I can't quite put it up there with the same ranks as HoMM 3, or Disciples 2, or the classic Master of Magic.  Quality wise, I would put it int he ranks of HoMM 5, which I still consider to be a very good game."
76561198026030279,Recommended,226840,13119888,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,p-witty,I've played every Age of Wonders. This is the Best.
76561198012801188,Recommended,226840,10236698,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Idiot Hero,"Hey, remember the Heroes of Might and Magic games?Have you ever wished they would separate race from character class, letting you make elf berserkers and orc bards? Have you ever wished they'd finally advance a century and invent muskets and mortars? Did you ever catch yourself wondering what it'd feel like to conquer the Underdark with an army from the surface?Welcome to Age of Wonders III. Strap on your shoulder pauldrons, get into your flame tank, and prepare to modernize the heathens... by force, if necessary."
76561197977777978,Recommended,226840,11061552,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Kenjinkirin,It's a game
76561198012651203,Recommended,226840,11077741,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,mfootball50,"Good game, fun combat. Not the most diverse units."
,Recommended,226840,16523395,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Whinelikebears,"Like Civilization, but fantasy. You get to choose from a range of races and hero classes. Classes include the Dreadnought, a poweful inventor that rules through machines. The Rogue, that hides in the shadows, attacking their enemies when they least suspect it. Warriors, mighty heroes that seek out power through raw strength. Sorcerer, a conjurer of magic, capable of summoning gigantic minions that would make even the bravest of men flee. Theocrats, which believe in the holy gods, often aligning with the good side rather than the bad. And the ArchDruid, a class that prefers nature over machines. They can call fourth the powers of nature to turn the tides in battle. The races include Humans, Draconians, Drawves, High Elves, Orcs and Goblins. Then there are hero traits. Three can be chosen, which will lead to new spells and units being available. I would highly recommend this game while it's on special."
76561198039814929,Recommended,226840,15414566,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,DrolDraw,"Fun, playable, but has a tendancy to crash (on Linux at least).Have been enjoying the game so far, the city building is a bit lite for my liking, would have liked a more indepth side to it, and far too much lore and story for my liking, I just want to play, I find lore stultifyingly boring and sometimes this game just insists on ramming it down your throat.  But overall it is a fun game, not overly easy, even on the easy settings, the help system is sometime lite on details about how to actually use the unit/gizmo/thing, but I've eventually figured out what I need (I think).6 out of 10 for fun, I'm expecting 8 out of 10 for longevity of play, but 2 out of 10 for stability."
76561198128550613,Recommended,226840,15673619,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Marty Randolf,"such a great game. I want to make love to this game. ive played it for hours by myself and i love this game. this game is great, i love it. did i mention i love it?"
76561198034801810,Recommended,226840,13566555,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Tom,"This game excells at battles. Where its contemporary peers are much better at the empire-building part of 4x, this one has a very fun, satisfying battle system that takes place in what seems to be an extradimensional battlefield, so that you have plenty of space to work with and stuff. It's got a nice fun potential to build strong heroes with specific roles if you choose to do so and random loot, which is something everyone loves I believe."
,Recommended,226840,15500174,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Black Wo Shooter,I don't know how to play it.
76561198077641994,Recommended,226840,15412949,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,aris,A great addition to the Age of Wonders series. Beautiful game.
76561198007270072,Recommended,226840,11088630,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,valgrindkennels,great game...
76561198006760337,Recommended,226840,27331169,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magical Pony,pew
76561198020439707,Recommended,226840,10259127,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Cthulhu,pretty damb good
,Recommended,226840,27714482,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,rastlin80,It took a few times playing for me to really get the hang of it but the more I played  and the more I undestood the more I couldn't stop playing. Worst part about this gaming sitting down and thinking I'll play a few turns and than realizing half the day is over.
,Recommended,226840,26008479,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,izzyjoy,this is the good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,226840,28841805,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ragnar,fantasy civ!
,Recommended,226840,31307162,Posted: 22 April,all,insanitysprelude,"I enjoyed the Necromancer faction and their associated main storyline, but that was really about it. It's more advanced than AOW 2, but still has a number of its flaws. Overall a good game though."
76561198056108750,Recommended,226840,11373552,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Silentark,Basically a fantasy themed Civ
76561197960655684,Recommended,226840,32789586,Posted: 25 June,all,Menace,"This game is really great, especially if you have all the DLC since it adds a lot to the game. I just wish they made more DLC beyond Eternal Lords."
76561197996871553,Recommended,226840,30696811,Posted: 23 March,all,.O.,"Good game, lots of fun times."
76561198126325108,Recommended,226840,29792694,Posted: 8 February,all,JenJewels,"Simply put, it's listed as my favorite game on Steam for a reason. Over 500 hours or so playing it, and I just dipped my toes into modding too and it's super addicting and fun!If you like turn based games and rpg's, get this game. It's amazing."
76561198016294250,Recommended,226840,17681049,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Spoonanner,"It is fun, lots of options.  I didn't play, at the time of this review, 80 hours for nothing!"
,Recommended,226840,32836943,Posted: 26 June,all,pmurfiee,A real diamond in the ruff
,Recommended,226840,12145554,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Gh0ul1shd3l1ghts,What a fun game!
76561197999392781,Recommended,226840,12144703,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Big Red,"still has some of the core, and a few new things, though the fewer races kinda sucks"
76561198096440384,Recommended,226840,26743705,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,仁义无双总司令,Awesome game. Reminded me of HOMM and all that.
76561198084862794,Recommended,226840,26754123,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,idanbhk,The perfect blend of Heroes of Might & Magic and Civilizations.
76561198161833434,Recommended,226840,16377957,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,cawcharger,"I played this game right after playing Galatic Civilation III. It is very similar yet vastly different.Its much simpler, in the fact you don't have to micro manage little things (Unless you really want to) and the fact that the controls are streamlined.I love the different heros and classes and the fact that you can make your own is so much fun. The fact I can make these vast armies lead by such interesting and diverse heros riding on horses drakes and boars. One of my favorite things to do after getting a bunch of heros is going to assault fortresses, because you need to send different units to different walls and makes flanking a vital (and FUN) tactic!However, I will admit its so simple it feels sort of cheap at times. I haven't played long so this may be my own ignorance to certain features, but at times I feel I have a lack of control over development of my cities. For example, I'm not entirely sure how to increase my currency gains, or increase production and research rates.Lastly, THIS GAME IS GORGEOUS! It is so good looking for a turned based empire builder that its actually distracting! I love it! Each city looks fantastic, mines have productive animations, the abandoned fortresses, crypts and dungeons look appropriately mystic and intimadating; its like playing on a masterpiece!"
76561197972518312,Recommended,226840,34002798,Posted: 3 August,all,Sergius,Highly enjoyable 4x game
76561197998140082,Recommended,226840,30853285,Posted: 31 March,all,Rupee,"I bought this game after triumph studios came to my uni to give us a lecture and I gotta say this game is a combination of civ and Heroes of might and magic, taking the best of both series and putting into one.I strongly recommend this game."
76561198052741138,Recommended,226840,31010357,Posted: 7 April,all,sachalee82,"very similar to civ type games paceing wise, art design and style are nice"
,Recommended,226840,30862572,Posted: 31 March,all,Temple,Loooooove this game since the first one. Awesome strategy game.
76561197992229015,Recommended,226840,16486114,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dire,"Age of Wonders. What can you say. Great game overall. Interesting and long campaign. Interesting combat. Interesting management a la Civ. It's good. It COULD do with more unit variety though, since quite a few of the basic units seem to be shared between races. Also has 2 expansions out, which I haven't checked out yet...*sigh* So little time."
76561198000582311,Recommended,226840,16029946,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,lordrobi,"This game was a lot of fun before the release of the Necro patch, now this game is even better. Before I could take on 11 computer players all set on the Highest difficulty. It may take me two days and 500 turns, but it was doable. Now with the new patch, the computer players are so much smarter (or they cheat a lot more.) I had to go down a difficulty level in order to survive to turn 100."
76561198130885103,Recommended,226840,34754364,Posted: 5 September,all,gamefreak086,Great game.
,Recommended,226840,10630015,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kes7rel,Play it it is fun
,Recommended,226840,10645949,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hammerklau,"Dis game, so good <3"
76561198013701035,Recommended,226840,35076602,Posted: 19 September,all,Kamtaro,good
76561198042102876,Recommended,226840,10766231,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Whiskeyjoel,"A great successor to the original AoW games...and after so many years! When I first heard that the game was going into production, and that the same ORIGINAL TEAM, plus new additions, were working on it...my mind was blown.This, I thought, is fan service done right. And I was not disappointed. The AoW franchise has always been a cult classic in the SRPG genre; hell, they helped CREATE the genre, and with AoW3, they show that they still have the magic. The game itself is beautiful, especially the battlegrounds, the voice acting is superb, combat is deep and highly strategic, and the hero customization is great. This is a fantastic game in every way"
,Recommended,226840,13606227,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SanMan,"I was looking for something reminiscent of Heroes of Might and Magic, King's bounty, and Civ. I found it here. I find it very fun both for the campaign and for local coop play. There is a loyal and dedicated following of players, and they discuss tactics and balancing issues on forums everywhere. There is also a very helpful wiki online. The pace is slow and not for casual gamers.The game has three layers of strategy to it. There is the individual battle tactics level, there is the world map level where you are moving units around, and then there is the economics and logistical level of gameplay. Just because you are strong in one aspect of the game, doesn't mean you will be able to easily overpower others because of it. You can also tailor your characters to match your strengths and weaknesses based upon their abilities.Great game. I recommend it.Update: this remains one of the few games that I keep coming back to. This game is full of variety and depth. The artwork is beautiful. The strategy and tactics vary tremendously and you can find a hundred different ways to combine races, classes, and schools of magic. These combinations also play a role in what kind of special skills or abilities your units have. There are different kinds of games to play, with many customizable options."
76561198099940926,Recommended,226840,30316002,Posted: 4 March,all,Xavier Smythe,A scarce 4x has a decent tactical combat system.
,Recommended,226840,10796800,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Grazen,A fun game with a relatively steep learning curve.
76561198053073822,Recommended,226840,16819901,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,PaleBlueDot,"I considered writing this review paying special attention to the differences between this and age of wonders 1 (I never played the others in the series, sad to say) but I decided against that. If you are a returning fan and you somehow haven't made up your mind about this game two years after it came out, just buy the game, you'll like it, even though it's very, very different. Now, for the uninitiated:+The factions, magic spheres, and all seem fairly balanced. Some combinations are better than others but nothing feels like a trap, although I've never felt it was worth it to take the explorer trait, or partisan. Some spells and upgrades in the air tree nombo with each other, imo. The DLC makes the theocrat feel a lot better to play by adding necromancers, who have some advantages over other players but tend to get hurt pretty bad by spirit damage. The necromancer, however, does have a variety of options to cope with this, so it's not a ""I got beat before the game began"" situation.+The treasure site system results in the game feeling similar to Heroes of Might and Magic in some ways. I don't think it's a problem.+The artstyle is charming, even though wyverns look pretty derpy.+Goblins are cute, in a muppet way. My friends tell me that I am dead wrong about this.+Music is good.+There is an alignment system based on your behavior. Playing like a hippie is Good, and being a murderous tyrant is Evil. It feels pretty natural.+Make custom characters and play as your waifu, unless you want a red haired elf. Because elves all have pink hair.+Build your own customized magic items+Ride on wyverns, wolves, giant spiders and diseased pigs.+Summon flying squid monsters that breathe electricity.-in single player your first and highest priority is to hunt down all the lairs that spawn monsters, from rogue camps that spawn scoundrels to graveyards that spawn zombie dragons and giants. You must prioritize this because the AI factions won't do it, and if you let those lairs fester they WILL capture cities from you. It takes up time I would maybe rather spend fighting other players or something.-It gets pretty silly sometimes, especially if you read the lore. A lizard tied to a stick is a legendary usable item and the unicorn description makes references to My Little Pony and that stupid robot unicorn game.-Alignment doesn't really help with anything but diplomacy unless you have the DLC.TL;DR: This is a clever blend of RPG and 4x in which you can be a goblin who rides a giant vampire spider and dual-wields a musket and a shotgun."
76561198059574308,Recommended,226840,16473752,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,dnhlljr,"the game has alot of good potential..but for me right now. I can not stand the fact of the AIs being able to  make movement during ""their"" turn....and  ""MINE"".....  ""waiting on others""..is what you will experience the most within this game....First..you must wait 4ever for the AIs  to take their turn..then...to make matters  worse...you are constantly interupted while trying to take your turn because of AI enemy movements during ""your"" turn of actions....just now...when it became my turn to play..I..on purpose..did not even touch my mouse during my turn..The enemy AI leader moved his forces within reach of my city during HIS turn..then during MY turn..he moved his forces in and attacked my city without ME being able to take  ONE action...I was able to simply sit back and watch...again ..I must emphasize..that I ""DID NOT"" perform a single action..the  AIs  simply DO NOT stop movement within the game..just a fair warning b4 you buy the game"
76561198204559400,Recommended,226840,28300179,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,GodEmporerPedro,"It's almost criminal the way this game is underrated. This is easily one of my favorite strategy games of all time and I can't seem to understand why not many have noticed it. Instead of a cheap♥♥♥♥♥battle animations you actually get to take control of your units, so you'll be able to turn situations where you are outnumbered 3 to 1 and still pull out a victory (if you're good enough). Granted it's not total war levels of control but it's still better than civ5.If you don't have this game, get of your♥♥♥♥♥and buy it already."
76561198023628368,Recommended,226840,28888193,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Earth McFlat,gud
76561198034253567,Recommended,226840,32723902,Posted: 24 June,all,Fardy,"Good game, supports linux."
,Recommended,226840,27931234,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,trojanwarlord,I played AoW II for a long time and couldn't wait for the release of AoWIII. I can honestly say that AoW is a great game that is unique and challenging. Great fun!
76561197985941933,Not Recommended,226840,10905679,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Caer,Tryed it and compared to similar games like FE:LH and Endless Legends it's just not for me.
76561198030671610,Recommended,226840,11086622,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,dxro,Simply amazing!!!!AOW3 is best strategy for now - it have evrything to make a hardcore strategist happy:- random maps- customizable leaders- huge amount of spels and units to play- it work flawless - not need to wait at all- superb graphics- superb musicmaybe will have a tablet version....
,Recommended,226840,10924979,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Aviticus Dragon,This game is an absolute blast! Been playing it non-stop since I purchased it.
76561198077774603,Recommended,226840,28076878,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Stafie,"If you want to play a Civ game but more focused on strategy and tactics, you need to try this game."
76561197970858121,Recommended,226840,28077841,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Private_Skeeter,"One of the best turn-based strategy games with a wonderful fantasy setting. If you liked Heroes of Might and Magic or CIV then I have to recommend this game. The most important feature of AoW3 might be the creation process of your leader. Like in roleplay games you can choose out of 9 different races, 7 different classes, a view traits and many styles. The combination of race and class can lead to a very stereotypical warrior-like orc-empire or to a holy goblin-nation of saints. Its up to you. The focus is a bit more in fighting compared to CIV, nevertheless there are four different ways to win. Also there is great campagne and online-community too. Buy this game."
76561197993060918,Recommended,226840,26585511,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Aquinas,7/10
76561198059414028,Recommended,226840,26570526,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,DaWabbit91,"Pretty good 4x , the best of the fantasy type 4x's in my opinion , if you like civ youll like this , maybe more than civ , just don't try to play it like civ , you always have to be on the offensive"
,Recommended,226840,17482953,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Angry Gerbil,"its like if Civ had a baby with fallen enchantress. I really like the fact that peace treaties mean something in this game!I had formed a treaty with my AI neighbor and he proceeded to empty out my dungeons on my territory and up'd my production, then gave me some cash money and mana! what a pal!opposite Civ where Gandhi wants to form a peace treaty only to get close and nuke my *** at any chance he gets... freaking warmonger...9/10 would not get nuked by warlord Gandhi again."
76561198048696491,Not Recommended,226840,33511681,Posted: 13 July,all,Paraquatz [Mac],Bad bad bad. The announced cross-platform multiplayer is a soap-bubble no less. When I tried to seek help on DB the devs started making jibes by using their paid cronies bots on me and so on. Moreover its crappy Mac OS X compatible no matter the GFX top speed it produces about only these crappy 12-15 FPS sometimes dropping it down to 8-7.
76561198041080663,Not Recommended,226840,25843272,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Gun Mummy,"The AI really takes the enjoyment out of the game. You have to learn to play around the AI's cheating, and even then it's a constant reminder that takes you out of the flow of the game."
76561198044188096,Not Recommended,226840,29716942,Posted: 5 February,all,ionutz1280,"Do NOT purchase this game if you're planning to play mainly singleplayer! The AI is infuriatingly cheap and cheats like crazy. It gets resource bonuses and can see the entire map at all times. In the campaigns, enemies get such resource and army advantages it's ridiculous. A typical scenario is you starting with your hero and maybe an army, while the AI starts with 3 cities, 5 armies and only grows from there. Tedious and frustrating. Avoid!"
,Not Recommended,226840,31637583,Posted: 8 May,all,McMagnus,"I enjoyed playing this. Like many others have said, it's a bit like a mythology themed, combat oriented Civilization 5. Unfortunately, unless you intend to play the smallest map size with few opponents, cities, and roaming units, you'll find that the computer takes minutes to finish their turn by around turn 100. If you enjoy the small, fast paced matches, then by all means, get this title. If you are like me, however, and are interested in taking things slow (huge forces with large city counts), you might consider skipping this one. Adding this one to the lots of fun but unplayable pile (with Endless Legend)."
76561198001216533,Not Recommended,226840,10795818,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dr.Askenase,"Tatical Combat is the worst i ever seen in a Turn-based Strategy game!When someone try to tell you that this game has a nice tatical combat system, than he is a turn-based-strategy noob or just a god damn liar!The units in an army don't have any initative, instead all units in one army make there move! So you can move your whole units before the enemy is able to do anything...When you are finished then it is the enemys armys turn... And guess what... he also can move all his troops in one turn. And then its your turn again... and so on...The first army that will get in range of the enemy army will be completly crushed by the other army, because the other army can attack the first army with all of it troops, before the first army get a chance to fight back...WHAT A F***ING JOKE!I don't know which dev had the idea to implement such a poor tatical combat system, but from my point of view it is a completly gamebreaking mechanism.And i never has seen such a bad combat system in over 20 years of playing turn-based strategies!If you got game like heroes of might and magic or fallen enchantress just stay with them.They have a alot better tatical combat design than this pile of BS.Beside from that, the controls and handling mechanism of the game is not very polished and a little bit anoying.If you really want this game than wait till it cost 5-10 bucks and don't make the same mistake like i did by wasting 20 bucks in it."
,Not Recommended,226840,21399523,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Insp1red,This game did not deliver what I was expecting from it.  The exploration is boring and dull despite the supposed adventure theme of the game. The tech tree and building options feel limited as they are completed very early. I liked the idea of an adventure rpg 4x game but the execution is very weak not worth buying.
,Not Recommended,226840,13466993,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sudanna Susquehanna Saguenay,"It's a lot like Civ, if Civ were all about military stuff. In other words, less interesting Civ. Simplified economy, no culture, research only serves your military, diplomacy is only whether you're at war or not, the only reason to build buildings is to build units slightly differently. . . The turn-based combat is decent, but gets old real fast, with how much of it you do."
,Not Recommended,226840,13926914,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,eNut_ButteR,Frustrating lack of mechanical explanation.
76561198008288033,Recommended,226840,9688578,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Magnitudinal Fortitude,The best TBS out imo.
,Not Recommended,226840,19211510,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Mustang,I'm sad. This could have been such a great game but some very small things that makes your life easier in a game that s designed to be played for hours and hours makes your life miserable. Scrolling in a window? Clearer map? Sharper visuals? HOMM3 set the path... why not follow and improve from it on these levels?
,Not Recommended,226840,15411602,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Rek'Sai,"6/10 the game is good, but it has no tutorial just pop ups, and for a strategy game like thism a tutorial is a must, just sad that i just bought this"
76561198030733406,Recommended,226840,9692004,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Hans CakeStealer,CIvilization meets warcraft 3
76561198005434974,Not Recommended,226840,35057609,Posted: 18 September,all,lucern,"I am a veteran of AoW1, AoW2, and the supreme AoW: Shadow Magic, who happily spent months on each of those titles a teenager's lifetime ago.  Around that time, I so geeked out about the possibility of an AoW sequel that I thought of a whole document full of half-baked ideas and sent it to Triumph.  Lennart Sas was so nice about it.  In this light, it pains me to not recommend this title.  I don't dislike it, but I can't recommend it. It's more neutral than negative.  It boils down to utter disinterest during combat, and there's really not a game left if you don't like the combat.  That surprised me, as I used to love the previous games as well as games like Master of Magic.+ Triumph games are reasonably priced and very well supported.  How many games still get patches 3 years after release?  These aren't cash grabs in an industry full of them.+ There is a ton of variety in leaders, and the diverse gameplay of their various classes is a genuine development for this genre.+ Simultaneous turns, which I first was amazed by in AoW1, is still the gold standard in the genre.+ The graphics are colorful and illustrative of what's going on.+ Music is excellent and varied+ Between the different leader classes and features, your setup really is different between games.+ There's a lot of care put into each individual part of the game; again it just doesn't add up in a way I like.- There are tons of units, but little unit variety.  Each race has a bounty of units you should never build if you don't want to lag behind economically, and they're samey.  What's +1 here and -1 there in a game with basic HP ranges around 30?  This isn't interesting variation to me.- It feels like there's a ton of depth to the combat potentially, but it's mostly hidden away on character pages that you'd have to seriously study before making a move.  There is a log that shows you your mistakes after you make them, but it never answered my questions in a way that I could learn from.  The battles felt the same to me: having not played it in 4 months at the time of this review, I cannot remember even one single combat apart from others.- Units start too close together, or at least too close in a game that won't let you use formations.  Forming up should probably be done before you're 20 yards from the enemy.  Add to this: units start so close together that range is basically meaningless outside of a siege.  Combat ends up being about doing chintzy facing hits so that real hits can flank and/or playing a mean element resistances game.  Whee.- Heroes are diverse in theory, but in practice they are more or less their class and any lucky items you've found. This is either a clever commentary on dull MMORPGs or another lost opportunity.- You will probably never get used to the fact that enemy squads are an illusion - they just have a health total represented by the number of soldiers.  Heal 1 guy and get 6 back.- The story I'm told is good, but it happens on a big narrative dump between missions, so I have no idea.  If you can look at static art while a story is slowly narrated at you in 2017, then I admire your patience.  Keep in mind that I know all the old characters and still can't do it.- Cities have a progression, but it really just feels like a temporal one.  There aren't very interesting choices there for most classes, partly because you can't seriously build most units because of the limited space in battles; you can't waste any on a horde of low tier soldiers.- With this little of interest going on in the strategic layer, why do games like this bother with random campaign maps?  This has basically never been satisfying in tactical games.TLDR: Watch a non-steam video of the combat.  If it looks fun, give it a try: Triumph is still one of my favorite developers. I just couldn't muster an appreciation for it."
76561198125201840,Recommended,226840,14732972,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Tsnider2,"One of my favorite games of all time! Some of my other all time favories include:Ogre BattleRomance of the Three Kingdoms seriesFinal Fantasy 7Super Mario RPGDiablo 2SkyrimCall of DutyTactics OgreFinal Fantasy TacticsAge of Wonders SeriesCivilization 3, 4, and 5Lords of Magic- Made by Sierra 1997X-Com seriesStar Trek OnlineChrono TriggerCommand & ConquerDune 2000Nobunagas AmbitionGenghis Khan 2Medival 2 Total WarRome Total WarShogun 2 Total WarFront Mission 3 and 4Vanguard BanditsSaga FrontierSuikoden 1 and 2XenogearsUncharted Waters New HorizonsPirates! Gold- SegaOgre Battle 64Warsong- SegaLegend of Zelda- SNES and N64Final Fantasy 10Fallout seriesMortal Kombat 1,2,3 and 64Super Mario WorldWay of the Samurai seriesTenchu seriesDiablo 1Heroes of Might and Magic 3 and 5Warlords series- PCDynasty Warriors EmpiresAge of Empires 1,2 and 3Vandal Hearts"
,Recommended,226840,23206165,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,whaler223,"I need moar, gime moar of this triumph!"
76561198030545819,Not Recommended,226840,23518962,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,p9000,"This review of for Age of Wonders III on OS X.This game seems extremely interesting and full of promise.  I played the original Age of Wonders years ago and have long since lost touch with the franchise.  I find many things to like about the game design, in particular how most actions you will take will effect your good/evil rating such that over time you are seen by others as either a good guy or a bad guy.  The map is interesting to explore, with lots of strange and menacing discoveries to make.  The AI seems pretty good.Unfortunately on my recent iMac running OS X 10.10, the game runs terribly, worse than any game I have ever tried to play on this machine.  It goes without saying that I am forced under such circumstances to turn the graphics quality all the way down (which leaves the game looking like an early 90's game, and not in a charming retro way), but even with these measures taken, the game is either borderline unplayable or completely unplayable, depending on your patience.  (Mine wore out after about 15 hours of gameplay marred by stuttering frame rates, slow screen redraws, unresponsive buttons due to lag and so on.)Generally if I reboot the computer between sessions I can play for perhaps 20 minutes before the frame rate bogs down to the point of being unplayable.  I find that zooming out on the map causes the performance to plummet in such a way that it never recovers even after zooming back in to the normal perspective.Every time I exit the game I receive an error message that ""Age of Wonders III unexpectedly quit"", which is a good sign that all is not right with this build.With the issues I encountered I can't recommend this game to any Mac players whatsoever."
76561197969893764,Recommended,226840,18824517,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Gomoto,Great gameDLC worth it
76561198071967791,Not Recommended,226840,18241023,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,RandyFoo,"I wasn't terribly impressed, the campaign is interesting and combat seems fun at first. Eventually you get bored of it's repetitive nature (can only form minor strategies) and then just stopped playing. Bit of a waste (and I bought it on a large % off sale)."
76561198024408187,Recommended,226840,24679725,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Jiro to Hiro,Its a real wonder this game was made 3 goddamn times.
76561198122917402,Recommended,226840,9692343,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Merothasweyles,Awesome. Buy it or die.
76561198008594756,Recommended,226840,9757662,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,rtwowner,ghrokikmjikjmkjmlkijmkm
76561198010919809,Recommended,226840,11179770,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,ObsidianRook,It's ok
76561197987470199,Recommended,226840,15595417,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Mortaegus,"I've only played this game for one day and I already know it's exactly the sort of game I like. Still figuring everything out, but it hasn't been too hard yet. I just wish there was a better autosave feature, with maybe 5 or 6 saves. Only having one save can really hurt if you make an unsalvagable mistake. Lesson learned: save often."
76561198008534524,Recommended,226840,13351858,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,smellyunderpants,"This is a remake of one of my favourite old-timey games; Master of Magic.  Age of Wonders III, has faithfully preserved the features of the original, which I think is a good decision.  Sometimes people just hit the nail on the head, so why stray too far from a winning formula.That's not to say that Age of Wonders III hasn't made improvements along the way.  The tactical battles are especially good.I have experienced some of the bugginess that others have experienced as well (my computer would reboot suddenly).  Mine got solved (fingers crossed) without too much fuss, but from what I read it looks as though the studio is willing to work with people to help things get fixed.If you don't experience any bugs I give this game an unequivocal endorsement.  If you do experience bugs, I think it's worth it to fight through the pain and get it running smoothly."
76561198018319411,Recommended,226840,16573498,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,si,"its CIV 5 meets empire total war in a wonderful mix between the two, i don't own the DLC but base game is rich enough and deep enough to keep me interested"
76561198010104535,Recommended,226840,13339157,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,afroattack,"This game is a really good turn based sRPG. It has 4X elements, but I'd honeslty call it more a sRPG than anything based on the mechanics of the game. Think XCOM combat()Pros+ Satisfying Manuel Combat+ Easy City Management System+ Encourages Different types of playstyles with due to having ALOT of different skills to choose from whenyou level up your hero.+ Transparency with Race/Class/Units make them all seem the same, butin reaity are very different.+ Playing Campaign content is satisfying.+ Great Co Op capabilities.Cons- Class Balance- Starting Spells are random and Spell  tree isn't visible(Your ""Build"" might be on hold until you get theright spells)- No real reason to use Sea Units(there is, but it isn't )- Combat between players pauses the overall game (the game resume's when the battle is over)"
76561198082738208,Not Recommended,226840,16539708,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,King Strange,The Pros:Really good Hex based combat.character customization.fresh take on 4x.The Cons:Poor diplomancyBad empire builder
76561197999348433,Recommended,226840,13540517,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Wolfhammer,How is it 4am already?
,Recommended,226840,16441620,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Porkfried,Named my theocrat Ken Ham. Immediately found an egg and it hatched into a dinosaur for me to ride!10 ( commandments ) out of 10!
76561198120724688,Not Recommended,226840,29822321,Posted: 10 February,all,jackhickman999,"Game is pretty bare bones you will need the extra DLC to make this game have any depth.AOW 3 still feels like a game from 2000 , with nice graphics so yeah not great.Lots of fans say AOW 3 has more depth than people think .... this is true but it's STILL got no depth.Deluxe edition gives you the soundtrack only really and one map that is the worst thing to put in the duluxe edition so lame.So better to avoid it completely."
76561198006653128,Recommended,226840,15648541,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ssfsx17,"Civilization and Heroes of Might & Magic put together. Story is alright - but most of the longevity of the game is in scenarios, random maps, multiplayer, and the like."
,Recommended,226840,19739819,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,JustForKicks96,yea
,Recommended,226840,12166734,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,DarthSpock,This game is amazing and HIGHLY recommended!
76561197997833886,Not Recommended,226840,18535545,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Spangler,"Anyone else finding themselves not blown away by this?  The units lost that hand-drawn feel from AOW 1, and the variety we saw with all the races in AOE 2/Shadow Magic.Which race you pick matters less than the type of magician you chose to be, and melts away a lot of the variety.Battles are frustrating and repetitive.  You're constantly swimming upstream against an incredibly fast current in the later missions (the current being neverending streams of elite armies pouring out of the NPC enemies' territory).  After the 10th time fighting several full stacks of whatever those jesus boxes are called, you want to try something new, or at least auto-calc the battle, but you can't afford the casualties they'll inflict on you, so back again to the grind, where the finicky hit system will drive you nuts.I don't know.  Maybe I'm somehow not getting it, but it seems like the Endless series just does a better job at keeping things fun and interesting.  Or maybe I'm meant to buy the game a few more times to get enough variety from the DLC's."
76561198070162974,Not Recommended,226840,19362680,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Vladimir,Game works bad on MacOS X 10.11.1.Low framerate - doesnt matter which graphic settingsProblems with shadows - only solution is TURN IT OFF!Im deeply disapointed.
76561197988281569,Recommended,226840,21795708,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,pvinnitsky,great
,Recommended,226840,16139372,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,IAmPattyJack,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qX6UnZO85aQ&index=13Age of Wonders 3 is a great take on the Civilization 5 formula. And yes, it copies the formula almost exactly in terms of UI and general gameplay.The differences come in the fantastic fantasy setting created, playing as humans, elves, goblins, etc and fighting with or against eachother and the various monsters of the realm.The combat is a turn based instance with a ton of options and interesting characters and abilities.There were some major problems with the AI. They would always end up hating you for doing ""bad"" things even though you did nothing at all or someone else did to you instead. For instance, I would garner hate because other nations would trespass in to MY territory. Thankfully most of these issues seem to have been fixed with the patches and DLC, but watch out for them!"
76561198071083886,Recommended,226840,23089951,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,SlimJim4567,This is a great 4x game that focuses more on tacticle combat than diplomacy and economic/city building.
76561198262592180,Recommended,226840,25927309,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ZelvaJan,Good and complex strategy game.
,Recommended,226840,10858520,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,StoutYeoman,"This game forces you to create a triumph account, which I dislike. There was actually quite a bar to entry that made the first launch of the game pretty annoying. I had to register and link to my steam account before the game would even run. And then the game crashed. Out of the gate, it wasn't looking very good.However, I stuck with it and got into the game and found it to be a thoroughly enjoyable turned based strategy game. Much like its predecessor it involves moving around a map to capture areas and resources and build cities while conquring your enemies in turn based combat using magic and weapons.The story, characters and locations are all excellent and the game looks and plays well. If you like turn based strategy, this is definitely a good game to pick up."
,Recommended,226840,10574849,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[TDB]Pineapple,SWAG... COLD AS AARDVARK ___
76561198031718751,Recommended,226840,10574025,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Eyron,"Strong game, overall fun to play."
,Recommended,226840,13514360,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ryry117,buy it
76561197998836042,Recommended,226840,15056143,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,TonyShoes,This is a great hybrid game. Spans right down the middle of Civ 5 and Total War - but with a fantasy theme. Great soundtrack as well.
,Recommended,226840,13494280,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Banjonica,"Don't believe the hype. AoW3 is great.You should get it if you like turn based fantasy strategy.This game is NOT Civilization.  It never was.  Don't expect to be, or you'll be disappointed.  THIS IS AGE OF WONDERS!It's like epic chess.  Vast board, upgradable pieces, magic and NPC's, and adventure.  Everything you wanted chess to be as a kid!  And like chess it can be brutally unforgiving.  save well, save often!There are precious few games I would pay full price for pre-release, but I was a HUGE fan of AoW 1& 2.  And I knew it would be worth it.  For fans of the series - the same classic game is here, although certain aspects have changed.  Much like between 1 &2!  I have yet to play through but have enjoyed it."
,Recommended,226840,13181884,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,cafe con leche,wonder ful
76561197970571810,Recommended,226840,9862410,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,ExHippy,"A turn based strategy game in a similar vein to Fallen Enchantress. Game takes place on two levels, the overall strategic map, and a tactical battle map to resolve conflicts. Units come in quite a range of flavours from simple swordsmen up to and including what are basically tanks but the end game consists mainly of building large armies of whatever your single best unit is and throwing them at the enemy. You have a range of different different races with different base abilities but this only really impacts the early game as the special units (based on what class your leader is and researched into the middle of the game) tend to be massively better and are for the most part the same regardless of the race that built them.The AI isn't too much of a challenge on the strategic map, it does however do a decent job in the tactical battles.So all in all: not brilliant but certainly not bad. I got my money's worth out of it but I don't think I'll be replaying it anytime soon."
76561198043261815,Recommended,226840,13860422,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,valenti_scott,"All in all I recommend the game.  I have had many hours of fun with it.  However, I must say they game is harder than I expected.  I'm used to 4x games where you can play at the ""easy"" level if you are a beginner, and walk all over the opposition, crushing them under the wheels of your chariots, as it were.  Then you work up to a harder level where they put up more of a fight.In this game, I have found that, even at the ""easy"" level, I was getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked.  This made it hard for me to stay interested in the game.  I just wasn't all that fun after a while.One thing that makes the game hard is the units' dependence on terrain types for happiness.  For example, if you are human, your favorite terrain will be fertile plains and water.  To make things easier, you'll want to create a map with a lot of fertile plains.  I'll probably do it that way the next time I play.In the game I have been playing, I played as humans.  Their starting city was in fertile plains, which was great.  But as I tried to expand, I ran in to an arctic island, and my poor humans were just miserable there.Granted, there was an elf city there which joined my empire.  The elves seemed to do OK in the arctic terrain.  But if I sent any humans over to help them, the humans were not happy about it.  Then my elf city started getting attacked by independents, so the game turned into a defensive game, and not much fun.I might start over with another world, but for now I'm taking a break.  How about Galactic Civ II?"
76561197964470093,Recommended,226840,28729487,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,PerfectForeigner,very nice tactical game.
76561198012031720,Recommended,226840,33014706,Posted: 29 June,all,osheal,"I am giving the game a thumbs up on its own merit but in truth it was/is a bit of a let down to me. I literally loved AoW2. What made games great back then? It wasn't graphics, it was mechanics. AoW3 is obviously a huge step up over AoW2 in graphics but it is a step back in mechanics which is why I just can't log any real hours replaying it.To pick out one large different between AoW2 and AoW3, heros are seriously underpowered in AoW3 in a variety of ways. AoW2 was a simple formula for success. Keep your heros alive and use them in every fight possible so they level fast and collect gear for them till they are godlike, then have fun powning. Blitzkrieg taking cities, and the maps, defend only if needed and build only as much as you need to support your heros. It was simple and fun. AoW3 falls short of that simple formula by level limiting heros and weakening them to the point where they often feel weaker than plain units.Ok, done with the negative comparison to AoW2. Compared to other modern games I've tried out this one is good enough to get a thumbs up but just barely."
76561198023198387,Recommended,226840,10362172,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,_Caball3ro_,"It manages to make a good sequel to the awesome AOW 2.totally recommend it, this game has everything a good RTS fan want"
76561198088826444,Recommended,226840,26635204,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Rockaround,I love this game it's fun until it crashes
76561198040919135,Recommended,226840,16945860,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Cylexus,Not as good as the original but still a great game.
,Recommended,226840,14870913,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Glice,"It is a great game but it does have a bit of a learning curve. I would give this game a 7/10 only because the only way to win a scenario or campaign is to rush the AI before they have a chance to build up. You don't really get to sit back and develope your cities or armies. Other than that, its very good."
,Not Recommended,226840,16502793,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Muhvi - Mhvi,"Excellent game until you get to the point where tier 4 units are used, and then only tier 4 units are used. It gets very boring to see same stacks of units going around and around. The game would be good if tier 4 would be restricted."
76561198110834964,Recommended,226840,28205429,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Ariselic,this game is great
76561197964921657,Recommended,226840,32098968,Posted: 31 May,all,Trojan,"It's ok, kinda meh. Got it on sale. AI either drools on it self while acting stupid or goes on cheat mode and starts instaspamming high level units."
,Recommended,226840,15667932,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,CatMan300,"A very good game, but hard to master.Good points:. Very enjoyable, every time I think about games I want to play age of wonders 3 always comes to mind. Addicitive, it is hard to stop playing the game. Brillaint gameplay, with all of the different forms of attack like flank and charge it feels like a real battleBad points:. Hard to master, sometimes it is difficult to play and I have had to take a break. Camera, somtimes had trouble with the cameraConclusion:A master piece!"
76561198044669504,Recommended,226840,15735741,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,surtursen,There is alot of strategic depth to this game. Nothing new to the genre but it does all well.
,Recommended,226840,31872142,Posted: 20 May,all,MaTheMeatloaf!,"One of if not the best 4x fantasy games iv ever played. No diplomacy to speak of in this game and the city building aspect is shallow , This one is all about units, AND THERE ARE A TON OF THEM & tactical combat. Think Turn based total war type tactics. A Really awesome game, You can tell alot of love from the devs went into this one. I would reccomend picking up all the xpansions as well, It adds so much content to the game. If you like fantasy and 4x Just buy it"
,Recommended,226840,33799582,Posted: 25 July,all,love it when i cant alttab,really good fantasy strategy game
,Recommended,226840,11271641,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Whap XI,"Do NOT pay full price for this game. It is nowhere near worth the £30 asking price, but that said, it's still a good bit of mindless fun. A fairly obvious clone of parts of Civs 4 and 5, with heavy fantasy elements.The game looks gorgeous, and runs well, but is heavily lacking in depth and polish. There are some finicky ways in which you have to micro manage things. Builder units cannot have their orders queued up, so if you're building, for example, a long road, you have to give the builder the order to build a road every turn, rather than giving it to them once at the start of the road and the builder autobuilds to the end. The custom-map menu doesn't lock in your settings from use to use, and the amount of times I've forgotten to change one of about three things, and had to restart a game to change simultaneous turns (which I cannot stand, and as I've said, is the default setting which can't be changed) is ridiculous. These are just a couple of ways in which the game lacks polish.Depth, as I have mentioned, is also sorely lacking. All cities can only build the same buildings, aside from buildings coming from the racial and class bonuses of your leader. Any variation of cities only comes from the bonus improvements in the land around them. These are in the game from the beginning, and cannot be created, destroyed, or changed. You cannot build farms or any other kind of improvement as in Civ, but are limited to Watchtowers, Fortresses and roads. Roads don't give any sort of bonus, other than your units moving faster. There is no negative effect to having more cities as in Civ, where tech costs and such go up. In AoW3, having fewer cities isn't a playstyle. You want to expand as fast and as much as possible.So yeah. Lacks polish. Lacks depth. Is still a lot of mindless fun. It looks gorgeous and it works. I recommend this game, but get it on sale. It is nowhere near worth £30."
76561197995177754,Recommended,226840,10256219,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,GrusGuleM,I just made a cross-eyed Goblin king...10/10
76561197974090298,Recommended,226840,15054142,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,MikalGrimReaper,BEST 4X GAME EVER MADE BY MAN 9.7 OUT OF 10. BUY THIS AND THANK ME LATER.
76561198019599257,Recommended,226840,31590861,Posted: 6 May,all,Mr_Darkmane,"If you enjoyed the older versions, then you'll love this. It's more polished with better graphics and combat is a lot of fun."
76561198046868764,Not Recommended,226840,12569946,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Space Godfather,"I hate this game. It is bad. Do not buy it. Limited class options and every race has about the same units with different colors. There's no strategy really, it's just who has a bigger army. No depth at all. Just kill, kill, kill. Produce soldiers, take a city, repeat."
76561198083624043,Not Recommended,226840,28134512,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Bullwinkle,"A Review For Older Gamers: This is a good game, After 26 hours, I haven't seen any bugs, play is smooth, and there is great depth, well sort of.After playing for 5 hours, it is easy to get bored. You load up a new battle instance (yes - instance), place your units and move this unit, cast a spell with that, shoot with this one, click next turn. After a few turns the battle is over. Now it is time to move your units around the big map, make a quick empire-building move (maybe tell your city what to build next) and BACK TO BATTLE. That's all this game is: over and over, the same freaking battlefield instance with a few slightly different skins. Oooh! This time the battlefield instance has palm trees blocking the way instead of pillars of rock! Oooh!After 12 hours, you see there is a bit more to this game. Leveling up hero units, planning where to build cities on the big map, some exploration. After 25 hours, it becomes apparent that the decent amount of depth to the game barely matters. It is all elves and halflings and necromancers and eagle mounts and spider mounts and cities with walls that you break with trebuchets. It has been done so many times before, that even though they do a good job, it is just boring. The tired old tropes of spell casters and healers and warlords, mana potions and fairies and wisps and goblins...there is no WONDERMENT in Age of Wonders! It should be called Fellowship of the Ring, episode 293. And that includes having bought both DLC.When I  play ARK: Suvival Evolved, my jaw was constantly hanging open. Everywhere you turn, dinosaurs, fishing, sea diving, changing weather, stuff I had NOT done ten million times before. This game is the opposite of that, at least if you have read all the Tolkien books, seen all the movies, played all the games. Tired subject matter makes for a boring game. And the soundtrack is anything but exciting. The music never once lifts you up or tries to put you in a good mood. This is THINKING music. Furrow-your-brow, get a headache from thinking too hard for hours on end kind of music. Bleh! BORING!It is a polished, fun game, and even I will probably enjoy 100 or 200 hours in it, but only as a break from other games with more staying power. This game tries to be Medieval Civilization. To its credit, it is as well-polished as CIV, but it is too one-dimensional. Very little time is spent building the empire. Partly because they didn't build the tools you need to manage your empire. No over-riding view of research window where you can hang out and plan ahead, strategize. The in-game help is a little weak. Most of your time is in cookie-cutter *instanced* combat, which is fine, but deciding yet again how to flank a dragon and draw him out of volvanic lands into the fertile grassland your elven cavalry and druid prefer is just so totally yesterday, that even though this is a good game, I just can't bring myself to recommend it. Except on deep discount with no expectation of staying power. If you're going to remake Dungeons & Dragons One. More. Time., you should build the hell out of the game. Make it so you can rename your heros or at least enter notes so you can tell at a glance ""oh yeah, this is my dude with high fire resistance."" If you're not going to customize each heros character data sheet, at least ORGANIZE it so the important stuff is easy to find! The unit's ability to WALK isn't that interesting to me. Could you maybe not put that at the top? Let me click that slider bar and drag down til I find... oh there it is... no, this hero  can't buff his squad with extra damage... where is the dude who can? If this were 5 years ago, I'd say buy it. Today, this is just boring. Like your third replay of the entire Breaking Bad series on Netflix. Don't do it!Married people cheat on their spouse because they get bored and want something new. In the real world, there are reasons that gets complicated. In the fantasy world however, the excitement of getting some strange should be easy. Why isn't it? This game is good.... good in the way that sex with your wife of 22 years is also good. Yawn!! That was great! ...again. Yawn!! I'm sorry honey. But I know you understand. We've been married so long, you understood ten years ago. Want to watch some t.v.?"
,Not Recommended,226840,11706553,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Skoots,"I sadly can't recommend this game, I feel as if they really screwed us on content compared the the pervious Age of Wonders games, which each offered a massive variety of races and customization. The classes you can pick are extremely uninteresting and they removed many of my favourite races such as Dark Elves and Undead with no explanation, promising us DLC that will bring in more races and classes. I believe like the feeling of customization was very important in the previous Age of Wonders games, and this one tried to fix something that wasn't broken and ruined the game. That, or the devs simply got very lazy and assumed a shiny new graphic style would cover up all the cons.The game does look pretty, some of the additions are nice, however this simply isn't a good game, at least compared to the previous installments. I also hate the fact that they promise us features that should have been in since release as paid DLC. I would suggest Shadow Magic over this any day, simply because I feel it has more content and is a much more enjoyable game overall."
76561198005545691,Not Recommended,226840,15412885,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,X-the Unknown,"Just as I thought it's once again too HERO centric. If you lose your good hero it's all over might as well start over. Just put upgrade points into defense, hit points and melee strength and you wash all the other units off the map. Glad I waited until this POC was $13.59 I would have felt a waste of money at full retail price.Basically if you have just about any other 4x Fantasy strategy game even their Shadow Magic game you've pretty much got this one as well.Master of Magic is still the best and most fun. This just feels too much like a clone remake and should have been some DLC for another game.EDIT: Just as I suspected they are going to milk the donkey selling extra races in this game. Man if that ain't♥♥♥♥♥♥pitiful. Of course they kept out the best race next to the death race itself. The Necromancers. Watch the DEATH race will be next and probably $19.99 by itself lol"
76561198028299455,Not Recommended,226840,31547444,Posted: 4 May,all,SpaffMiester,"If you are wanting to play this game for the co-op, I wouldn't recommend it, since you cannot participate in eachother's battles, meaning you have to watch every single battle with no input. Lots of waiting time. Not worth it.Probably a great single player game though."
76561198030718851,Not Recommended,226840,9923525,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,adamblain,This is not a particularly deep or challenging game.  None of the units are very interesting and most of the game is just spent building up a horde of basically interchangable units and hoping that your horde is bigger than the other guy's.  It is a very poor substitute for Heroes of Might and Magic.
,Not Recommended,226840,23697529,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,XcuteX,"Note: This is only a single-player review. I usually don't do multiplayer in games.TL;DR: Runs a bit slow on my rig, which is somewhere between potato and top of the line. Graphics people mostly did their job. Music is good. Campaign programmers and AI programmers did pretty bad. All of the scant voice acting is done with a British accent. The major challenge with the AI is its cheating, so I ended up spending my time figuring out how to exploit the AI and keep it from exploiting its advantages. 100 hours of frustration.Longer:Graphics: Not top of the line, but strategy games have never been about graphics. There are a few areas, like jungles and tombs, where battlefield objects make it difficult to see the map. Naval battles involving units aboard ships are also difficult because it's difficult to tell units apart.Sound: I play with volume low, but the music was neither annoying nor engrossing. Lets you focus on other stuff while adding atmosphere. Unit sounds are also good, like shamans casting magic streams making a 'whoosh!' sound.Campaign-related categories:Story: Cliché shadow organization, stop a war-type deal. Win every battle for no good reason against sometimes ridiculous odds.Level layout: I could complain about this for hours. The basic requirement for most missions is the same: capture the enemy capital while the leader's recovering from defeat. They like to hide the capital either underground or on the other side of impassible mountains and you find the teleport to get to them. Maps also tend to be very large, with a lot of hindering terrain (mountains, islands[it takes all move points to enter water]) that makes an already slow game even more so. The layout alone would make the experience tedious.Level layout(2): The AI starts with most of the map under its control, and has a very strong economy to build units and perform research. In most maps, all players start with no research done, and a small army. This alone wouldn't be a bad thing, and it's done in a lot of great games: Warcraft, Command and Conquer, Supreme Commander, BUT the enemies have the tech and economic advantage, so you've got to be getting favorable trades in battles, and losing a single major battle pretty much means 'load your save or restart'. On its own, this would put some pressure on the player.AI: This is the worst, most cheating AI I've seen in a strategy game. Though I haven't played Civilization V; I've heard it is ridiculous. This AI is all-seeing and acts on it. If you have half the map and decide to station units in cities on or near the border, the computer will immediately send a single unit between your defended cities to claim your defenseless ones, trying to stay out of view as long as possible. If you capture a city and don't leave defenders, the computer will immediately send units to take it back. To the best of my knowledge, it's never mentioned that the AI can see everything. It's a frustrating learning experience asking ""How did the computer sneak that unit in to take my town?"", then ""How did it know my city was empty?"", and ""How did it know my city existed!?"", possibly ""How did the computer know a city could even be there!?"". There's a stand-alone scenario 'Taming the Great Kahn' that frustrates many. I've turned off the fog-of war just to watch the computer players beeline to the important stuff in an absurd way. The computer never scouts, but even for defended cities, it will bring enough units thoroughly beat you if you set the fight to auto-battle. If you bring reinforcements that will arrive in time, the computer will bring its own reinforcements before attacking, despite the fact it shouldn't know your reinforcements are on the way. I'll skip the rest of the examples, but there's not even a player option to turn off the fog of war (though there is a cheat code), presumably to hide how horrendous the AI is.The computer seems to decide to attack based on some simple algorithm, like their unit_count*avg_hp*avg_defense*avg_attack vs. your stats in the same style. So their five swordsmen will take on your four archers, and four of them will get picked off before they get into melee range. The tactical AI priority seems to be (1)Heal; (2)Buff/Debuff; (3)Attack the highest priority unit in range (usually support or heroes, and the computer will take a lot of damage to do so sometimes); (4)get into attack range. Basically 'Buff 'n Rush'. You often won't notice in the campaign, though, because you'll often be positioning your units to somehow try to win every fight at 2-to-1 odds.I have a feeling that random events, called 'Cosmic Events', are generated to help the computer; any benefit to you is a side-effect. I used armies of fragile and weak ranged units to take on superior armies of tough, strong melee units. An event reduces all dealt damage by 3, reducing my units' damage by about 60%, and theirs by ~15%. The next event gave +5 to melee damage. The next event reduced vision range by 2 (refer to all-seeing AI for why this only hurts human players).Every campaign mission is like the most notorious mission in Heroes of Might and Magic V, the Agrael vs. Gilraen mission, pre-patch, for those who played that game. If your preferred tactic is rushing and aggression, the campaign is easy. If you prefer to build up and tech up, you'll lose until you learn to rush aggressively. Each mission seems best played twice on normal difficulty. The first time you sacrifice your cities and try to find the shortest path to your main objective before you lose. The second time you keep 2-3 units at each of your cities and move the bulk of your army in a desperate attempt at a decapitation strike. Rinse and repeat four times (the first mission is easier, though it tries to bore you by making you go in a 'U' shape around the map).Miscellaneous:Due to the haste of single-player, you don't really get to explore the tech tree. The enemy often does, because they're researching at 2x-3x your speed. This isn't about not getting the whole tech tree, the problem is that you usually don't even get to the end of a single branch, so why are those options there?To be fair, I do have horrible luck in life. I may have completed the worst campaign and wasted days on the worst scenario in the game. Unfortunately, from my experience, what could have been a wonderful strategy game with slick moves and fantastic creatures ends up feeling more like pushing a heavy barrel uphill on a road with a strong storm pushing you back and threatening to crush you. Sadly, a cheap Civ knockoff, even worse because I'd prefer magic and fantasy over historically inaccurate pikemen vs. tanks."
,Recommended,226840,10794887,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tatsur0,"I've found this game to be a true gem and quite addicting. While I often use auto-combat there are times where manual combat is a must and it's quite enjoyable. The MP is solid but the SP truly shines. There are numerous options to setup an exciting game both on and offline but there are still a few kinks (that may have already been fixed by this posting) with SP campaign objectives and oddly enough how hard it pushes your system. Still, it is a must buy sale or not!"
76561198033034543,Not Recommended,226840,31777621,Posted: 15 May,all,Gardbriel,"Baught this game on sale, big fan of the earlier AoW games.I do not recommend this game if you are a fan of earlier franchises or want a meaningul single-player experience.Even though the older games had some of the same problems, I never found them as game-breaking as they are in this one.I can for the most part overlook the sub-par graphics and animation but the game's problems go deeper. Especially the imbossibly spammy AI in the Campaign. I desperatly wanted to like this game, but it quickly became a boring slog.The most crucial flaw of this game, and one that could apply to the earlier ones too, is that army composition is irelevant. For all the wonderful unit and skill and spell variety in this game, it's not balanced at all. There is no motivation not to spam the strongest units you have as much as possible, just like the AI does, in fact if you try to field an army of varied units you will end up doing worse. The game sometimes feelins like a manic RTS where you have to cluster your armies around in huge unit balls trying to find a less defended city and slowly starve your enemy until you can afford more big units than it can all the while repelling it's huge balls of army units. The game is slow and grindy and yet requires a very aggro play-style, which in a TBS or a ""4x"" should be an option, but not the only way to succeed.City-capture mechanic is also a pain, since it forces you to sit and wait for the city to be absorbed into your empire, even if you release it as a vassal it still requires you to wait (4 turns instead of 5) and then it just becomes an easy target for your opponent just as it would if you would absorb it.A lot of work went into this game, and I don't wish to dissparige the people who worked on it or it's fans. But as a TBS and a 4X it fails.I can't speak to the multiplayer experience since I'm not intrested in that aspect of the game."
76561198011689986,Not Recommended,226840,13500477,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,venestyler,LOts of people having problems connecting with friends
76561197986571933,Not Recommended,226840,21144477,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lundy42,"while it is very polished and runs well on a technical level, it just doesnt have the hooks that CIV 5 does.  I think for me at least, I need real history or psuedo history to play a 4X game.  If you are in to fantasy and custimizing (sort of) your units you may like this.  Just wasnt my thing.  I cant suggest it, even with the current sale price. 6/10 Score"
76561198093777467,Recommended,226840,26368618,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,gOO,Great game! far better than civ and 10 times cheaper than it ...(unfortunately; folks only buy games by name)
,Recommended,226840,25345050,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Krang,I like turtles.10/10
76561198029314281,Not Recommended,226840,19373106,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Superman,Not a fan of reskinned units for all the factions.Missing faction unit depth.Was having a blast until I realized that all my units are the same as the enemy. Only your heroes bring the variety to the battlefield.
,Recommended,226840,23136249,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ishvii,"A Civilisation clone, but prettier and in a fantasy setting. Adds a few new things like being able to cast spells, otherwise the same mechanics such as production, research etc. No sense in playing more than one of these kinds of games."
76561198006881681,Not Recommended,226840,13486617,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ludwig_024,"In a way it remids me of Heros III, however not as good in many ways. I have been playing games like this for a long time, this one is difficult to understand (as far as the game mechanics) and there is a lot of stupid and not well thought out ideas. If I could get my money back I would...."
76561198025198203,Not Recommended,226840,12192865,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Charlemagne,"This game is very well polished, but it just turns into a grind so quickly.  It's really bad that, in the campaign, the only way to win each mission is to capture every city on the map.  There's no unique or interesting win conditions, just total conquest, and about 25% of the way through the time you'll spend on each mission, you become unstoppable and just spend the rest of the time mopping up.The combat system is superb, but it becomes grindy after the 10th overwhelming victory on your turn.  You will eventually just auto-resolve every combat to save time, which takes the joy out of the best part of the game."
76561198037578835,Not Recommended,226840,9883758,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,allamericanflooring,"This game has huge problems. I am not sure where to start. I was bitting my nails waiting for this game to release only to be disappointed when i finnaly got a chance to play.The biggest issue for me is in the combat system its self. There is much less stragagy then i thought. If you have strong troops you win, if you dont you loss. no big troop unqueness. ranged or melee. fly or walk. I was really hoping for troops that had special abilities.its no wonder they put in an auto resolve for battles. Battles are boring and the ones you need to fight cuz you cant risk losing are usually way too long.i guess i was looking for an new kings bounty or might and magic. this game is more like civilaztion."
76561198040277969,Not Recommended,226840,15409194,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Marduk,"This is a beautiful character creator with an extremely deep concept... attached to a totally crap game engine. The character creator is so promising and varied it's hard not to keep going back and trying to find that ""sweet spot"" that makes the rest of the game playable, but it isn't there. This game sucks. Maybe future updates will get around to making it not suck so much but so far it's a steaming heap with one of the best character creators I've yet seen on a 4X game.It's a mediocre alternative to Fallen Enchantress, the difference being primarily that Fallen Enchantress is a playable (though not terribly fun) 4x game with low-end graphics and boring gameplay. What AoW3 brings to the table is prettier artwork... and almost nothing else, as yet.Considering it's been in a ""finished product"" state for over a year now and already has content updates, I've got little hope that it's actually going to be upgraded to a ""decent"" game at any point. It's a bad game... but again, the graphics are pretty and the character creator is top-notch.[EDIT]: I really want to love this game, I really do... I've given it a solid 80 hours of trying now, and I still can't do it. I've worked out how to stack starting conditions and faction options in a manner that allows me to eventually sometimes expand beyond my first city before getting overrun by wandering barbarian hordes... I've learned how to exploit the subterranean map for everything it's worth... I've figured out dwellings and their various diplomatic side-effects... I've even learned how to mix the various magical schools and which race/class combinations benefit more or less from several varieties of pre-game picks selections. I've also discovered now how to make use of the ""growth momentum"" meta-economic (which has no indicators, and is not apparent because there is no 'development tree' of any kind on cities, units, magic, or otherwise... it's just implied by one stage unlocking another one as you progress) and I've figured out how to use hero hiring to ""blend strategies"" for empire development......but even through all of that, the game is still... shallow like a puddle on the sidewalk. It's got no depth. City specialization boils down to placement near world-bound resources like ""dungeons"" and ""tombs"" and such. While you can do a tiny bit of terraforming, it's extremely restricted (you can change the surface mapping of a tile amongst a limited range of options based on your initial picks, you cannot raise and lower terrain and you cannot branch your empire out across multiple environs). The morale system is disappointing in a variety of ways, and makes the initial starting conditions extremely unbalancing if you do not rig the game heavily in your favor before you even begin.As a final note, the artwork is absolutely fantastic, I can't say that enough. This is probably the most beautiful 4X currently on the market... but that's all it's really got going for it. The UI is counter-intuitive, the gameplay dynamics are so biased that every game is a foregone conclusion before you even begin, and the development/progress system is literally a flatline rather than any kind of curve.The people working on this game seem to be missing a critical element from their team... it's like a bunch of art students tried to make a game none of them would ever actually play. It's got no passion, no depth, no sense of accomplishment, no actual challenge, no emotional value.It isn't a problem with the engine, it isn't a problem with the graphics. It's just a complete lack of engagement between design and implementation."
76561198043583409,Recommended,226840,24150529,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Lord Peevis of Tweed,"Its a good game, and i quite like it, i have 2 major problems with it though.ignore the campaign, this game is best with random maps (and when you play random maps, set mountains to be really low otherwise like half the maps terrian is mountains.) the map generation overall is quite bad tbh.secondly: the morality system is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥on a dead dog.let me be a super good guy!!! ill just let these murdering bandits and visous monsters run loose on my land because im such a nice fellow i wont dare kill them if they try running instead of fighting honourably like all bandits and mosters should <3oh and mr. necromancer conqouring innocent independent cities, murdering their entire populations and desecrating there corpses raising them as the dead? i wouldnt dare do something so evil as try to declare war on you and stop you!!! im such a good person <3the morality system would be easily solved if good declaring war on evil didnt give the good guys an evil score. really god damn simple, and if they just changed the flavor text to say ""captured"" instead of ""let free to♥♥♥♥♥♥and pillage your lands because youre such a twee ♥♥♥♥ing good guy""i am really hella salty about the morality system. ive only finished one random map because i like roleplaying a saint, and i keep getting shoved out of the experience by the ♥♥♥♥ing morality system that always pisses in my cup of tea.the team behind this game is great though and wonderful about providing support and keeping up with the game despite its age. and it is quite fun despite the few flaws i mentioned."
76561198185042322,Not Recommended,226840,15624002,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Super Cobra,Some boring nerd game.
76561198066364959,Not Recommended,226840,15542998,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,kskuhn6,"This game sucks, it has alot of bugs and wont load."
,Recommended,226840,9698085,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Dick Boss,Very Good
76561197962980154,Not Recommended,226840,9972610,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Hammer,"I didn't like it, which was a shock, because I loved the three previous versions. I'm playing Warlock 2 instead, and really enjoying it."
,Recommended,226840,13685879,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,1 malaysia MMR donation centre,>summoned a crow>positioned it in front enemy keep>enemy sends whole swarm of army for my crow>sends in griffons to overtake keep10/10 would send crows again
76561198006801638,Not Recommended,226840,10140433,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Evethor,Does not live up to the hype.The battles are hard to grasp and the mechanics are ridiclious.I wish I did not spend money on this.
,Not Recommended,226840,10853925,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,alphagold3,"There are a lot of good games in this genre. Unfortunately, this isn't one of them. It is boring and simplistic compared to many others in the genre. It is trying to be a cross between a Civ game and something like the King's Bounty games or Heroes of Might and Magic and the crossover just ends up being the most mediocre of both worlds.For example, research consists of picking one of 12 seemingly random choices of spells or empire upgrades. There is no clear progression of research, it's just picking whichever random ability you want to research and most of them don't have a noticeably huge impact. Even worse than the annoying research system is the city development system. Your options for developing your cities are almost identical, no matter what race you are playing as. Every race gets 1 archer, 1 infantry unit, 1 irregular, 1 pikeman, 1 calvary unit, 1 siege tower, 1 support unit, and 1 special racial troop. The only differences between them for the different races are the traits they have and those don't have a huge difference. The class you choose for your hero has a bigger effect on what units you can build than your race but even that isn't much. No matter what class you pick, it adds 3 new building options to your city that must be built in order. Those buildings are what allow you to produce your class specific units. For the magical classes, that may be only 1 unit because you can use spells to summon more. For the non-magical classes, you get a few more troops but ultimately it is still an unsatisfying number of choices.The one thing I do like about this game is that if multiple armies are in hexes next to the army being attacked, you can have more troops in combat than a single army can have in it. However, combat still feels like a rather boring clone of King's Bounty or Heroes of Might and Magic's combat system. I'm not saying that those games are bad, just that this doesn't bring anything new to the combat table.All in all, I wouldn't recommend this game at all. You want to manage an empire, there are better games for that. You want to have turn based roleplaying game with tactical combat, there are better games for that. If you want to play both in the same game, then unfortunately this is the only game I know of for you but that doesn't means it's a good choice."
76561198050624218,Not Recommended,226840,10778119,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BillyBozarth,They force you to make an acount with them to play LAN. Because of this reason I cannot recommend. I shouldnt have to authenticate to an online server to play LAN.
76561198015500650,Not Recommended,226840,10889068,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Eichie,"Soulless - all the mechanics are good, but no interest in hero development or town building stuff. Very disappointing"
76561198006537241,Not Recommended,226840,14953495,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,daurgothoth,1. Editing tool is suck...can't making a mod with own game editor.2. only 6 units in heroes army.
76561198001648691,Not Recommended,226840,17097190,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Berkerserrn,"As a conservative Age of Wonders fanboy I cannot recommend this game.Reasons: 3d graphics are great, but not if the art style is less original than the previous 2d isometric AoW games and on top of that is mediocre compared to other modern 3d strategy games.Also, a sequel with LESS races to play? Its unacceptable : P at least for full price."
76561198083111146,Not Recommended,226840,15581535,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Wimpie,"I would not recommend this game, for singleplayer. There are a few issue's i have that cause me not to enjoy this game.Warning: this is highly subjective, based on personal experience. Therefore i recommend keeping that in mind!- First the depth.When you start the game and see all the different races and the specialisations you may get the idea that there's alot to discover. However every race play's very alike, there are differences ofcourse but the general concept is the same throughout. (swordsman, archer, pikeman, horseman etc).The specialisations do bring some variation but the research-tree's attached to them are short. The extra units for each specialisation is a welcome addition, however it's not quite enough.- Combat/balance.The combat has some meat to it, it's the focus of the game. Some interesting mechanics suchs as attacks of oportunity and hero skills add to the strategic element. But because of the low variety of units it becomes more of the same much too soon.-Pacing.The big focus in this game is as i said the combat. Sadly around turn 50-60 all units but tier 4 units get less usefull. Wichs results in tier 4 unit spam, it takes away from the already limited choise and variation. And for me that is were most of my games ended, because i did not feel like spamming one unit.- Diplomacy.Diplomacy is barebone in this game, it's about declaring war or signing a peace treaty. You can interact some more with independant city's, like vasalisation. But when you tend to wage war everyone will like you less, making it harder to have good relations with anyone (as a war decleration effects every other player/independant) it's simply the most viable mechanic by far to just wage war as the only option.- Strategic placement.This is combat related, you get to choose 6 unit's for each stack. Then you can fight with multiple stacks in one fight to up to (i believe) 48 units. This sounds very nice but there's a big problem that i personally have with it.If you fight with 2 stacks versus one the AI tends to advance towards one of them. That leaves the other to catch up since the distance between allied stacks is relatively large.Because of that the reason to fight with multiple stacks becomes less important, your main stack is gonna do most of the work (hopefully, the AI might attack the other stack).Or the AI splits it's army destroying it's chances on it's own.In encounters (versus independants roaming or placed around the map) the battlefield is so small that ranged units can reach your army in the first turn. And they get to go first because you attacked. So they get a free attack in.... does not seem very strategic.- City defense.This seems to be done by placing units within the city, wich cost upkeep. The AI will ninja your city, it even intends to do so. The only way is to use units wich should have bin fighting in your army, there should be a building for it, but none to find.-Graphics.This is done fairly well, the game does look beautifull and the animation quality is high. It also runs very well and support for the game is good, the devs are very active and helpful!All in all i expected something along the lines of Warlock or HoMM. But this is a different creature entirely. That said the issue's i have may not be a problem for others, as many people do like this game. And for good reason, i did like aspects of it very much. Sadly the points mentioned made it not so enjoyable for me personally.I would not recommend unless none of the above is an issue, if you do get it i'd recommend to wait for a sale (it happends frequently)!"
76561198172598610,Recommended,226840,34709997,Posted: 3 September,all,MeierLink,Good game.
,Not Recommended,226840,16106940,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Zill,"In order to do Age of Wonders III justice, I would have to write two reviews. The tactical layer works very well. The strategic layer doesn't. Regardless of whether I recommend this game or not, I'm letting my opinion on one subsystem trump the other.The tactical layer uses a fun and flexible system that involves frequent trade offs between moving fast and being able to deal damage. It encourages you to move your units carefully and orchestrate coordinated chains of actions. Unit types are well balanced against each other so that there really is a point to using a bit of everything. The spellcasting system is somewhat less robust and clearly favours damage dealing over buffs, but still provides added depth. All of this is made even better by varied tactical maps and enemy factions. This is game design at its best.It is, sadly, wasted to some degree, because the strategic layer is a classic case of form over essence. Strategic maps are large and full of landmarks, but there are no mechanics for making all this complexity ""observable"". You just keep stumbling upon things that hide in the fog of war - or they stumble upon you, usually at the least convenient time. There's no way for you to take all the necessary precautions, so you're often at the mercy of randomness. Most scenarios make assumptions with regard to optimal play style but never tell you about them. Sometimes you're supposed to rush. Sometimes you're supposed to turtle. Sometimes you need to clear NPC nests, and sometimes they are just red herrings. There's no feedback from the game's dynamics until it's too late. It's been over 70 hours and I'm still just picking city upgrades at random.So there's one system that works, and one that doesn't. The reason why I'm going for ""not recommended"" is the storyline and setting. It's childish, naive and not at all compelling; full of cliches, and saturated with casual imperialism. You could say storylines are not important in 4X games, but then why not just make a 4X game without a story, like good old Civilization or Master of Orion? If the story is important enough to justify preceding every mission with a five-minute, three-act briefing, then it should be judged just like a proper story that it's trying do be. Age of Wonders III fails miserably in this respect.Additionally, the game does a poor job at explaining its systems to the player. There's just a huge infodump of a manual that you're supposed to read, and the visual language takes some getting used to. It took me a good few hours to sort things out on my own."
76561198066019885,Recommended,226840,12608890,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,commander Barnes,it is godliy
,Recommended,226840,10536596,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,N O  B O O S T,Yes.
76561198081490083,Recommended,226840,16518815,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,iicee,"Billy is getting this game, he's going to love it, because he beat the GTA5 level, or whatever~ YAY!"
,Recommended,226840,13520757,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Alton Vëonion,
76561198089989659,Recommended,226840,13559766,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,a Witch!,Oh Gawd shooooo Gud
,Recommended,226840,13294681,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Budgie,Listen to kicking jams and be Hobbit Hitler
76561198166051658,Recommended,226840,13297554,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,yorickgeessink,"+Great storyline (comparable depth to Warcraft 1 ~~ 3).+Map of the world your playing on, and a great ingame map when you zoom out.+Interesting turn based combat with incredible depth.+Excellent support from Triumph studios, updates, balance checks, extra DLC incomming-Elves allying with Orcs, Goblins and Dreadnaughts (etc.).-Takes a while to become proficient at, so most reviewers are not able to properly rate the game in a 30 min. or so video. (Even TotalBiscuit mentioned heroes have perma-death, which is not/no longer the case. It is just that the technology to revive heroes is very high tier and therefore unless you play the game longer, you won't encounter it.)"
76561198009182142,Recommended,226840,13298399,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Darkhand,"Loved the old game and love this new one! Graphics during battles have been vastly improved, harder AI, more spells.A genrally good experience! Though does get slightly repetative after awhile....."
76561197970607311,Recommended,226840,15362561,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Flopy,Me likey! :D
,Not Recommended,226840,17559056,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,mstephens1,"Maybe its a good game, but there is no tutorial. No explanation of concept. No way to know if you are making good decisions or♥♥♥♥♥♥poor ones."
,Recommended,226840,9704544,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Atherma,"So after spending 6 hours playing the second level, I finally realized I was doing everything wrong and had to start over, but that brings up some questions...Why are levels often 5+ hours long?This is Civilization with story, why do we constantly restart if it takes 4+ hours to get setup?Why doesn't diplomacy work? It seems pretty key."
,Recommended,226840,12750589,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,gelat,Amazingly fun. Can't wait for the second expansion!
76561198120651134,Recommended,226840,31533365,Posted: 3 May,all,偉大な敵,"Excellent blend of RPG, strategy, and turn-based RTS.; civilization but with an actual storyline and heavily military based action."
,Recommended,226840,12149744,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,don't mind me,heck yes.
76561198077658285,Not Recommended,226840,15982262,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,eskeyar,"The problem is, this game has no easy difficulty. Maybe it's kinda fun when playing against a human opponent, but if you try and beat an AI one, you don't stand a chance. This is especially true if your race is any other than the dwarves - compared to them everyone else are flimsy and fold after a couple of hits. That being said, it IS kinda fun for a few turns - not to mention it's miles better than Endless Legend."
76561198025089047,Recommended,226840,29830727,Posted: 10 February,all,Delco,good (y)
76561198015021078,Not Recommended,226840,12206003,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,nafer,"Just 1 word: BALANCEIf you love play with friends or just online, play only sorc and dru (summoning heroe class) or only other class (no summons at all). Otherwise summons will kill all and every one."
76561198030844360,Not Recommended,226840,12278127,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,long,"I have played the prior games of Age of Wonders and like the basic game.  This last one however is just a bug, bug,  bug filled mess.  It may be that there are to many connections required.  There is steam and also a second one for the game developer.  There might be problems with being sold an unfinished game.  I am not a tech person, but have played computer games for many years.  This one either gets a bug report or gets frozen about every twenty minutes.  The bug means you have to drop out of the game, reload and go back to your last save.  This takes about two to three minutes.  When the game gets frozen you have to shut down your computer and restart everything, for a five to six minute delay.  The condition of the game takes all of the fun out of playing.  Untill the thing is fixed you would be better off playing something else."
76561198029684842,Not Recommended,226840,19339565,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Eliodoloro,"Many of this game's characteristics and systems are initially impressive, but the game quickly lost its depth and allure. Perhaps I came into the game with unrealistic expectations, but I found most aspects of the game to be shallow. There are much better options for the city-building and strategic aspects of the game, as well as rich alternatives for the turn-based combat aspects. It may be a winner for fans of the series, but I recommend trying a demo or searching for it on twitch before buying."
,Not Recommended,226840,17376567,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,The Doctor,Combat is pretty tedious.
76561198125456074,Recommended,226840,10785835,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,greyhawkinsben,What happen??? i cannot play the game very well???just have purcased it a few hours ago
76561198006803320,Recommended,226840,13694227,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,FalconBG,Pure classic!
,Not Recommended,226840,35483546,Posted: 4 October,all,blitzcrg,"A fantasy 4x where a fairly clunky UI gets in the way of what would probably be a decent game, otherwise. Endless Legend is better, so I'll play that instead. Worth a buy on sale to see for yourself - others may dislike the interface less than I did."
76561198076580284,Not Recommended,226840,30077638,Posted: 21 February,all,Captain Stutterlag,"As someone who discovered the previous games after playing this one. I can assure you this game is not worth buying.The game by itself is not bad. Decent gameplay, plenty of units, stats and items, nice music...However it just completely lacks the charm of its former titles.The 3d graphics are not an improvement, as Age of Wonders 2 and even the first Age of Wonders look much better and are more appealing.And the map editor is a buggy mess. You'll get crashes and world corruptions all the time.Age of Wonders 2 handled this better and in a more comprehensive way. The dev tools here are not user-friendly and require a beefy computer to handle.As for the character editor. Sure it's nice to have some variation, but it provides too little, and at a high price, since the characters look like something out of World of Warcraft. The previous titles offered a selection of portraits, which though limited, provided quality instead of quantity.The best+Good gameplay+Decent Campaigns+A large amount of spells, items and units+ModdableThe worst-Sacrifice quality for quantity in almost every aspect of the game-Map editor and dev tools feel like an unfinished product-GraphicsAgain, it's not a bad game and has a lot of unique innovative features, but it's way to expensive for what it offers. Better stick to the classics and enjoy countless hours of fun at a much more affordable price."
,Not Recommended,226840,28342176,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Fenris,Heroes of might in magic still better
76561197963852846,Not Recommended,226840,28264537,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Finger,"Good game but for me, gets booring. I have too many other games I like to play.Like the other guy said, after like 5 hous gets tedious and booring.I keep trying to like it and starting new games but it's always the same.I played them all, back in the day I loved Aow.7/10"
76561198022260773,Recommended,226840,12798403,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,sirfuzzzy,My endless swarm of Goblin Swarm Darters murdered over 3/4ths of the world...  then they encountered a single spider and were completely dessimated.10/10 would get my self-esteem boosted just to have it crushed again
76561198089494976,Not Recommended,226840,35083128,Posted: 20 September,all,Lord Douglias,"Regretfully  I must give this game a thumbs down, although I love the AOW franchise and as you can see I have logged many hours over the years (hard to believe that many!?) The problem is that  AOW3 should be much  better. Of course the graphics and UI are more advanced than its predessors but AOW3 has been sustaintainly dumbed down.I am currenty playing a random map, which I prefer over the campaigns or senarios, because I dont like being led around by the nose by the not so great storylines in those modes. AOW is a TURN BASED STATEGY (or Simultaneous Turn Statagy) game and not a mindless Action RPG as the developers seem to be going for.Most battles I auto-resolve because the combat and battlefields are too simplistic and repetitive. For instance in the older AOW games seiges were 360 degrees around a walled city. The battle map was related to the campaign map- where you positioned your armies mattered. Your armies began a siege on the same side they attacked from and that could be the difference  between victory or defeat.In AOW 1 if you chose auto resolve there was this really cool battle screen that played out an abstract version of the battle in fast motion- BRING THAT BACK! Now in seiges we have a single long battlement and my strategy is always the same because options are so limited. Another bone-headed decision was to not allow armies to use formations  which was a big tactical element in the old games."
,Recommended,226840,29994066,Posted: 17 February,all,711green,"Good mix of civ and heroes game.But after you try all the units and tactics all the remains is the story campaign.And in the end it's about ""build more high tech units and zerg your enemy""I recommend it but I advise to buy it only with proper discount such as 60% or more."
76561197996762492,Not Recommended,226840,9736636,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Gott,"Horrible! I actually put this as the worse game I have ever bought on steam. It has major issues and the developers seem to acknowedge them, but when they where unable to solve problems, the just delete your posts and ban you if you post the issue again."
76561197991966277,Not Recommended,226840,9748922,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,MassMadness,Oh geez - that was $40 wasted.  Just so boring - may have been good 10 years ago
76561198084572529,Not Recommended,226840,9950066,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Nem316,"sadly AoW3 took a stab at 4x and failed, every race has the same buildings at the start with only the special units that require something else to be built. theres no diversity like elves build trees for woodland creatures and orcs build mines for thier shock troops.gameplay is just build an army that can attack move it from city to city watch your cash and mana and hope someones flying unit doesnt break in the back door and take everything you have worked for. the resourses dont really allow for defensive units to be left guarding the cities you conquor so its hit and miss if you progress far in a very long time.low tier units are cheap but can be 1 shot killed by higher teirs so are completely redundant. just build tier 4 or higher armies, watch your gold and you're good. downside is you may need to wait several turns to heal before continuing and loosing just 1 unit can have a massive effect on your progress.12 hours of game play to hit mission 2.....some spells are completely useless as the AI will dispell everything on the next turn so waiting for the cost of it is just impractical and the banish spell never works on large monsters.currently stuck on the mission to capture the bad guys, the main baddie keeps dying to mission fails every time....could have been a lot better..."
,Not Recommended,226840,23204145,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,zynchronise.,"I really want to like this game. The combat is particularly good by 4X standards, but losing control of the game every time another player enters a battle is game-ruining."
76561198032948177,Not Recommended,226840,16565292,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ScotchMotch,"I've only spent 2 1/2 hours on this game and I'm not sure I really want to spend any more.  I enjoy 4X games, but this is just not that fun.The graphics are disappointing: 5/10The gameplay is tiring/repetitive/tedious: 4/10The fun factor is just not there: 3/10I feel like they tried to do too much and in the process, forgot to ask if this is fun or just work.  It feels like work."
76561198043218182,Recommended,226840,24418164,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,mbpopolano24,Fantastic game. That's all.Super excited about their next 'secret' project - a new TB strategy game. Give it to me now!!!
76561198018145508,Recommended,226840,9691131,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,fluteaw,"FOr ♥♥♥♥s sake why are there SO MANY BUGS!!!!!! I press Option button it freezes, i press random map it freezes, i press god darn Research Skill it freezes...THIS GAME NEEDS PATCH."
,Not Recommended,226840,11669448,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,yanboyz,hmmm dnt worth my money.. i wouldnt give a bad rating if they charged lesss.. but yea pretty disappointed.
76561198030695890,Not Recommended,226840,11192646,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,NattyLight,Pretty sure they rigged the metaScore...completely forgettable game.
76561198093703585,Not Recommended,226840,11368629,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,dgbug3,"Ok so the game is amazing! However the main attraction of the game is the multiplayer. But it requires setting up the UPnP! Which if you have comcast or a another major provider requires a long phone call resetting your router and if done wrong will corrupt everything. This is not a simple matter, and should have been in the main design phase. There is a lot of issues. I liked how the dev's tried to create a neat game. But they do not have the chain rule where for supporting armies next to each other only applies in hexes not linear lines nor other issues.Players expect way way too much of you if you simply want to play a nice multiplayer game. Most people lock their games so only their friends can play. Now if you don't have friends, are a steam, social rogue like me. (Which is probably the majority) You are left out. EVEN IF YOU CAN get into a game If you play any manuals at all they add you to their troll list. If you are winning decisively because you are better they quit. It's like why even have the multiplayer? Why?I wanted to be able to play against other humans because they are smarter then the AI, but it's almost not worth it. After awhile the AI gets way too easy and your strategies after about 4-5 games are set in for warlords etc. The game unlike legendary heroes doesn't allow full customization of creating new units and this overall is for simplicity and streamlining of the multiplayer. Unfortunately this makes the game really horrible in that reguard.Now the game overall is amazing. The graphics good, etc. Read other reviews on the graphics. But the fact that this was to be a multiplayer game it fails."
76561198045154213,Not Recommended,226840,13683061,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Arshipel,For the beginning there is so much to learn & tips are guiding but not teaching. Also it comes a bit complicated. Even im a really FRP & Strategic gamer. I choose to stand back rather than playing. Also playing mechs have something that i dont like i units are not responding back while the other is attacking.. Thats a bit complicated mix of M&M3 - Civizilation & Rome Total War.. Something like that. Hope you will develop this game a bit further.
76561198108219916,Not Recommended,226840,15668550,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Bloop.,"Neat but♥♥♥♥♥♥still isnt fixed which among a few things are.City spam is still the way to go, nothing changed there, i spammed a few cities and was stomping the ai. alignment is barely relevant. i wish they fixed it so that when i turn on simultaneous turns i am not waiting forever or clicking 3 times for it to go threw. its as if the system is made for turn after turn, yet they wrenched in the option and it is crap, in the beginning it works around turn 20 it begins slowing down and at turn 30 it becomes unplayable.some races are barely useable at all, and some are just so damn superior that its nearly impossible not to pick em, and since every class has atleast one unit that steals units. and some races are more suceptible to this then others, why even pick em.they did protect the more valuable loot around the map this time around so you can't just summon a scout every turn for the next 9 turns, ((and steal everything so your cities develop quicker then others.)) yet gold and mana and population is still rife for the taking so why not make em.Spells are still overpowered as can be.which is good yet, they tend to be abit tooooo overpowered you can win a battle by spells allone destroying a entire army whimsically because reasons. also the creation of items fun idea poorly implemented as i can make anything and everything. making trades off such items irrelevant as i can get em maybe the next turn. ((the exception being the mounts the sorceror can summon, but you can find em in dungeons aswell,  your gonna be doing those dungeons anyways.))the only thing i liked was the combat but after doing that for a while it gets boring too. since its allot off the same. no real tactics needed other then mmm i need to shove a meaty guy infront off em and get a sneaky guy behind em.all in all i wanted this to be fun, and still want it to be fun. i keep trying keep getting dissapointed.P.S. 40 bucks and 20 bucks per dlc, are you kidding me. thats 80 bucks..."
,Recommended,226840,31146647,Posted: 14 April,all,智武,This game is Fantasy Civilization to me.
,Not Recommended,226840,12260532,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dingo,"I watched gameplay footage of this game and got quite hyped to play it. I lost interest very quickly, though.Pros: Nice RPG elements, good music, balanced classes.Cons: Got boring quite fast, mostly about combat and conquest (little room for creativity), fairly linear non-astonishing upgrades."
76561197977527868,Not Recommended,226840,19882368,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,crayno,"If you like a very hard game and lots of challenge by all means buy it.I found it way too hard, even the first map was undoable for me so I don't even want to know about the rest of the game.I finished 2 of the 3 previous games and only the last stage of AOW2 shadow magic was so extremely hard"
,Not Recommended,226840,21898116,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,tullymills,"This is the buggiest game I've ever played. Triumph's support crew is generally helpful and polite but that doesn't make up for a game that crashes constantly. If you want a good 4x fantasy game, check out Endless Legend instead."
76561198054898137,Not Recommended,226840,11165237,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,bushman3000,"I could write a very long review detailing all the problems, but I will keep it simple.First this is not an Age of Wonders game it just looks like one, on the cover and they used the name. Let me explain, 90% of what made all the other AoW games special is gone (multiple races each with its own troop types, three levels, and flaggable resourses just to name a few) whats left is so corrupted as to be nearly unAoW.Second Graphics they suck!! what you see above is not what you will get, on the world map it jerks around and after an hour of trying to look at it your eyes are so sore you want to dig them out of your head! Then there are the battles (two words) Multiple Sprites, who for the most part look similar to the enemy sprites, so hard to tell apart, much less tell what they are used for.Third THE EDITOR I make maps, I like making maps, with AoW 3 I can't make maps or at least not good ones (no F***ing instructions as far as I can see)There are some good things top one being the Jobs for the leaders its a nice touch but not enough to make up for the rest of this mess.My hope is that just like with AoW 2 they will realize mistakes and fix and reissue the game with no number just a cool name. Of couse that is a pipe dream because unlike AoW 2 that just needed to be polished better and have some content added. This crap fest would need an entire rewrite, remove mutiple sprites, remove systems stolen from other games that are five to fifteen years old ie. The area of control from Civilization three thru five worked for that game doesn't for this one - big time.Finally two things GIVE ME BACK MY HALFLINGS and GIVE ME BACK MY UNDEAD!!!!!!"
76561198023690281,Recommended,226840,9735282,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Kolljak,8/10 one of the better games ive seen and their currently adding new features.
,Recommended,226840,10434938,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Krog the Mighty,Like Civ V but with combat that doesn't suck troll taint.I give it a unicorn out of ten.
76561198031441283,Recommended,226840,23645074,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Warnoise,"I wasn't fan of 4X games until played this gem called Age of Wonders.With it's its beautiful world and enchanting music, Age of Wonders offers an experience that only few great 4X's could offer.It is nnot as deep as Civilization games since it is more oriented towards combat than empire expansion, but the fun is always there. You can feel the difference between factions and on top of that they are balanced which is a feat considering the amount of factions there.I strongly recommend this game for fans of 4X's and turn strategy games alike."
,Not Recommended,226840,9922869,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Damen Black,"I honestly hope the developers work on the viuals to make them easier on the system. I've run BF4 at Ulta, and Skyrim with over 70 visual enhancement mods on my system, yet this one improperly optimized game chugs on medium settings?I wish I could say more for the actual gameplay, but I can't play a game that is only slightly better than a power point presentation. I will check back in a few months to see if they fixed it, and change my review accordingly."
,Not Recommended,226840,17607587,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Arkayas,"I just can not put into words how badly this game plays.  I seriously wish i could return it but since I tend to buy games and then take time to get around to trying them I'm outside of the very short 2 week window, and the tutorial is longer than 2 hours and it takes that long to get a feel for the game.  Sadly it's another bad fantasy turn based strategy game.  There is little to no explaination in the campaign - i wouldn't call it a tutorial even if that word pops up when you start.  It really is a throw you too the wolves style intro.  Thing happen that the game just doesn't explain why it's happening or how to try and stop it.  The game has potential but for anyone new to the genre they are left hanging out to dry and will get slaughtered and have little to no idea as to WHY they were being so easily killed."
,Recommended,226840,33005672,Posted: 29 June,all,Se7eN,awesaame game waaiting next paart
76561198037154312,Not Recommended,226840,16513655,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,starrruby,"Do not buy this game if you are buying this because you like the previous series. Bought it as soon as it came out and I stop playing after playing 40 mins. I could not make myself to play more. I bet it's not a bad game, but somethings lack..."
76561198021003537,Recommended,226840,13357814,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Shwartzs,"I dislike the fact after purchase I have to regeister to them, that they can't seem to use my steam account. We can link the accounts but still required to register. Also like to add the fact it requires a code key in order to purchase online and yet I see no link in email sent after purchase that gives us this so called code and yet I see no where to find such code in order to access online games for this game. Sure the game is great but its ridiculous programming by the morons"
76561197993407356,Not Recommended,226840,11853989,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Captain Camper,"Like Age of Wonders I and II, this game has taken a lot of ideas from the old game Master of Magic, and while all of the Age of Wonders games are inferior to Master of Magic, Age of Wonders III is the first of these titles that is actually a crap game.Actually, it is not a bad game if you have trouble falling asleep at night. Play a few turns before bed and you'll be falling asleep in your chair."
,Recommended,226840,10087900,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Detective Cotton,Sid meirs civilization but cooler and DRAGONS
,Recommended,226840,15995342,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,ManilaPCGaming,"Look no further. This is the best turn-based fantasy game so far. I got addicted to Age of Wonders 2 way back, and needing a bit of a graphics overhaul shifted to that fantasy mod in Civ 4, then to Fallen Enchantress, then Warlock. But no other high fantasy game immersed me as much as AOW 3. Its not just the gameplay, its also the UI design. It may seem complicated at first then it becomes second nature - how all important infos are accessible right in front of you, and shifting from surface to underground and back is such a breeze. One of the things that made AOW 2 satisfying before is its combat - and so, soooo much deeper than any Heroes of Might and Magic game. Now, for AOW 3 - everything has been revamped, the graphics are gorgeous colorful yet without being too kiddie, and really requires some deep tactical thinking. You want some intense, strategy combat thats fast, and still deep - this is it. AOW 3 is here to stay :)"
76561198087289712,Recommended,226840,30652350,Posted: 21 March,all,jockthepig,how do you disable empire buidling mod additional heros
76561197970847743,Not Recommended,226840,23368450,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,broncowitz,"I so much want to recommend this game.  The first turn based strategy game I played was Warlords.  And later I became obsessed with Heros of Might and Magic.  Age of Wonders III is like Warlords and Heros mated and had a beautiful new baby.  I loved it at first.  The UI looks good and is pretty intuitive.  It takes a little effort to learn, as there are a ton of different units and abilities,  but that is part of what you are there for in a game like this, no?At first I was overjoyed.  The AI played pretty well and the game felt challenging but fair.  I could tell I was going to sink a lot of playtime into this game.  Then in the middle of a campaign mission (thats about 4 hours in) the AI starts spamming my cities with something called ""Incite Riot"".  So the way this works is that your cities have a HAPPINESS level that determines how hard they work and fight.  Normally my cities mid-game are in the 50-150 range of happiness.  Incite Riot drops the happiness -600 AND if you don't get rid of it in a few turns the city riots, spawning a bunch of enemy rebel units you need to deal with.The way these GLOBAL spells (that you cast on the strategic map, not the tactical) is that they cost an certain amount of mana and if you generate say 70 mana per turn and the spell costs 90 it will take 2 turns before you can cast it.  So you say ""I want to cast this"" in preparation and then a countdown will tick each turn until it is ready.    And these city/empire affecting spells last until the opponent casts a Disjunct to get rid of it.  So say the AI casts Incite this turn.  The spell integrity is at 100%.  I then cast Disjunct this turn.  The game says ""you have a 50% chance of disjunction"".  The formula seems to be (200 - INTEGRITY) / 2 is the chance to Disjunct.  And if you fail the roll the INTEGRITY is cut by half for your next try.  But meanwhile your opponent can REINFORCE an active spell all the way up to 200.  In that case, your chance to Disjunct would be 200-200 = 0, but it never goes below 5% so you always have some chance of Disjunction.And that is exactly what happens.  The AI spams both Incite Riot on a new city and reinforces the ones it has out to 200%  integrity EVERY turn.  And I can only fire off Disjunct (at a 5% chance) every other turn.  Because happiness is so low my empire production grinds to a halt and my units start getting beaten up in every fight.  Plus the rioting sometimes breaks out.  Basically the game becomes chasing to put out fires that keep getting re-lit until the opponent (who's economy is fine) crushes you.  There doesn't seem to be anything you can do to counter or get out from under this once it starts.  I replayed the level 3 times and the same thing happened each time.  So basically the game is too unbalanced for me to recommend.  Hope my explanation is clear and helpful."
,Not Recommended,226840,16730821,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Silver0Scale,"I like this game, with its detailed way to handle combat which many Civ player long for, but alas this game suffer a CPU and GPU overheating problem. They have stated that they are no longer fixing the overheating problem, blaming it all on dust, graphic card manufacturer and insufficient cooling. I'm not saying that everyone will have the overheating problem just that they did not try to fully fix it."
,Not Recommended,226840,17268193,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Metzger,In this they copy a lot of mechanics from the civilization franchise that don't really fit because civ games are based on creating a civilization but this is way more war oriented.
76561198084507636,Not Recommended,226840,16606170,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,eddiit,"When the game works it's nothing short of amazing... when it works that is. I've lost 3 large map campaigns hours in, due to some mysterious crash. Even when I'm lucky enough to save a  game a few turns before a crash I still can't seem to prevent it.Shame on you AoW...If it worked I'd give it two thumbs up."
76561197999734180,Not Recommended,226840,11681051,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,eric,"Unfortunately, have never been able to get this game to start. Launcher comes up, I hit play, it says connected to server, then nothing further happens. Have tried to resolve this with their support team, they have apparently given up. Their final suggestion was I reload Windows and all my programs/games, but since this is the only program or game I'm having a problem with, that's not a realistic solution."
,Not Recommended,226840,15388092,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Bonder,"Font size is too small and is unchangeable.This is unforgivable.If they are too inept to understand that this is a requirement, they don't deserve your money."
76561198009585636,Not Recommended,226840,16479998,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,elasauskas,"Such a disappointment. I have played over 500 hours and every race and class and came to the conclusion that this game is horribly poor in concept, Playability is lackluster at best and... enough said. The problems are:Poor unit balancingPoor Spell balancingAOW Shadow Magic is by FAR superior in concept and design. I had expected that AOW3 would be similar and I couldn't be more wrong. This newer format has serious problems. As a player in a game I wish to enjoy what I am indulged in.....which is playing in a fantasy game. I do not wished to be lectured by the Political Correct Police that my action to invade a town is an evil act and thus get scolded by negative race relation points.  I mean really?? I will give you an example: I am an Elf Druid (good). I fight a neutral city (orcs slighty good alignment) and win. My reward is poorer racial relations with orcs and a drop in my stading to slightly good.Do yourself a favor get AOW Shadow Magic and don't purchase this abomination."
,Recommended,226840,9689155,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Ifithadn'tbeenforCottonEyeJoe,I didnt know i could love like this.It happened so fast.It came from nowhere.but it is so good.so beautiful.A love so trueI cannot turn away
76561198148926256,Not Recommended,226840,29873573,Posted: 12 February,all,cgillesp,Falls very much short of the original 2 games. Gameplay is VERY slow and it lost the magic (no punn intended) of the other games. 2/10
,Not Recommended,226840,13169823,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,The Walrus of Love,"Not too bad, but worse in every way compared to endless legend"
,Recommended,226840,9688235,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,JurGrady,Awesome.It totally revives the Age of Wonders feeling I had with the previous ones.I feel many sleepless nights comming up :-)
76561198050211177,Not Recommended,226840,23945677,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,The_Confusled,"I bought this game to play multiplayer with a fellow fan of the series, but unfortunately Triumph Studios P2P system for multiplayer simply doesn't work; even after a considerable time troubleshooting."
,Not Recommended,226840,29663679,Posted: 2 February,all,5alimI,"I bought this game in 2014.. I played it at the time, but life happened and I forgot about it.I am at home nursing a shoulder injury and decided to give it a go only to be forced to sign up for a Triumph Account.I really hate that kid of thing as its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as far as I am concerned. I buy games on Steam  and accept that this is the only DRM that the game should have, I don't see why I should sign up for  SPAM to access my paid for DLC."
76561198089742535,Not Recommended,226840,35193068,Posted: 24 September,all,I3LINK,"I think what happened with AoW3 is that after I played through each race at least once I started to realise a common trend between them all. I got to the point where each race felt like a carbon copy of the other only reskinned, and when this happened I lost interest to carry on playing. At least that's what I remember of this game, and I never went back to it since. On the other hand I would recommend AoW2, I feel like I remember that game having a lot more depth, so it might be worth a look if you don't mind the graphics being a bit dated."
,Not Recommended,226840,9867179,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,jin kurai,"eh soso, not so great, auto combat is really jipped out pretty bad."
76561198007038945,Not Recommended,226840,15389463,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ulfhedknar,"Could not get this game to load after splash screen. I just wasted 14$ and I am posting this so others wont have to waste their money too. Tech support was not helpful, and my alienware aurora is running all the latest updated drivers."
,Not Recommended,226840,10081302,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,BuschnicK,If you like tedious micromanagement and repetitive gameplay with unimaginative and bland graphics and undiscernible units this game is for you. Otherwise I suggest sticking with Heroes Of Might and Magic instead.
,Not Recommended,226840,15448542,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Ritsuka,"I loved this game at first, but it lost interest fast. I wish steam had a better rating system cause I would probably rate this 6/10, it's worth buying if you are fine with a couple hours of multiplayer fun.But however, it is absolute garbage as a multiplayer game, unless you like games that take days or weeks to complete.  Manual combat stops everything in the game, and forces other players to just sit there and watch or wait, you wont be able to do anything else. The devs were asked a lot to fix this and their response was ""There was no tricks they could do to change this without changing the essence of the game itself"", so apparently the essence of their multiplayer is to bore people out of their minds. The games take so long they even have an option to E-mail you when it's your turn.My other mainj issue with this game is difficulty settings. As someone who always plays on hardest mode for a challenge, I love a challenge, but there is a big difference between smarter AI and just giving them a big hammer to smash you with. This game opted the lazy way out and gave them the big hammer. Hard mode? Sure, we will give the computer units that take an entire army to kill, who can jump over castle walls, AOE instakill your entire army, and while we are at it, we will increase their resistances till the point your best units can only take out 5% of their life per turn, and then increase the computers damage to do 200% of your best unit's health in damage per turn. Enjoy."
76561197962336650,Not Recommended,226840,12197572,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Ramito,Nosta chido
76561198174338695,Not Recommended,226840,26668295,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Jeddite,Boring and repeatable combats. Unfriendly user and inventory interface.Research is meaningless.First game is hundred times better. Nice atmosphere and musics though.
76561198088520633,Not Recommended,226840,11377804,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,colewg87,"I played Civ 5 for about a year on my Mac and then got a PC.  Saw this game and thought hey what the hell Civ 5 and heroes of might and magic mixed together sounds great.  Since it focuses more on battles than Civ i thought it would be right up my alley, however i do not find it near as fun.  I'm already over it after playing for about a month."
76561197982109899,Not Recommended,226840,12037304,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Khaz,"I want to like this game, I really do. It's a visually attractive and a very detailed 4x Fantasy game. But after playing for just under 2 hours I was getting bored. I didn't even make it past the opening mission, I actually made peace with the villian of the story and I just wasn't interested in pushing any further.I put down the game and haven't felt even a minor twinge to pick it back up again."
,Recommended,226840,28642373,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lord-Protector Mana-Chan,multiplayer is pretty much dead.not a bad game if youre looking for a fantasy 4x.I enjoyed it for the time i played.
76561198065639422,Not Recommended,226840,9946535,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,dark_saint,Game not playable. Way too laggy! Don't waste your money!
76561198009458452,Not Recommended,226840,10164885,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,PureFunk,"This game is essentially Fallen Enchantress with some differences.  Fallen Enchantress looks better and has overall better gameplay.  If you're looking for a great game to buy, pass over this one.  It's not worth the $30 price tag.  You're better off dropping money on FE."
76561198032139114,Not Recommended,226840,9846005,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,ma.casa,"Usually I love TBS, but I must say I hate this one: clumsy controls and camera handling, small graphics of the units and CRAZY, ♥♥♥♥ING, ANNOYNG difficult."
76561198075986464,Not Recommended,226840,15751077,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Antallion,Crashes every 2-10 minutes. Unplayable.
76561197984951280,Not Recommended,226840,16051608,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Pandemic,"this game has a lot that I want to love.  unfortunately, it's wrapped up in a big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥  I tried so hard to like it, but I feel like I should get paid for playing this terrible mistake of man"
76561198010469962,Not Recommended,226840,16064355,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,BrendanDH,I really wanted to enjoy this but obtuse combat mechanics and an overall feeling of meh caused me to abandon it. Give it a miss unless deeply discounted.
,Not Recommended,226840,20193849,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,"Help Me, I'm a Bag",I would not recommend this game as it tries to be just like civilization with some uniqunees to it. This objective and principal weakened what made the great sound so amazing.
76561198030792397,Not Recommended,226840,21115720,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,AlejandroGB,"I can't even play this game. Although, a very kind guy has offered me his help to sort this out. But I am afraid that if it takes any longer I am gonna ask for a full refund. I dont like complicated stuff."
,Not Recommended,226840,21854670,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Xyzeph,"Mmmm I don't understand why this title is supposed to be a best seller. First of all I'm a huge fan of Civilization and I loved Heroes of Might and Magic. But AOW3 seems to be nothing more than a ""demo"" of them. Ok, I started my first game at an easy level (normal, or something like that) but in 5/6 hrs it left me nothing more that a boring repeatition of actions: all was explored (it was a big world), sometimes an hero come, sometime it dies, there are some quest, then the village asks to join my empire and so on. Now I've got 8 metropolis that have nothing more to build. Now? What's left?Really not enough to make a best seller ..."
76561198040298199,Not Recommended,226840,18704219,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Theodamus,Overall nice game if you can snag it for 15 dollars or less but at full price it is simply too shallow and monotonous.
,Not Recommended,226840,19644796,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,SpwnMoarOverlrds,Mission 2 for the Elf Campaign. The Goblin army mass 5 stacks of Tier 3 shadow assassins before I can even upgrade to tier 2 and zergs my throne city and kills the two heroes that cant die. ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,226840,16609169,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Vaes,"Bought for nostalgia, was quite boring."
,Not Recommended,226840,17339123,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,emakar,♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics on mac
76561198033684167,Not Recommended,226840,17425289,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,the real nikki webster,i hate this game so much please refund me
,Not Recommended,226840,20503529,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,☕ Aragorn 🐧,"> I did not notice that it has DRM> Start and has a launcher> You need to create an account ; OK acc created> Comfirmed activation on my email ✉> Ask for a registration code; I did not receveid any key registration code ☹> Checked email again , no code> Auto link with your Steam account> Play ►> Slow loading.... ⌛> I get bored and do not have funI do not understand these practices; ??why? of being so self-protective."
,Recommended,226840,16509055,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Brandley2142,Almost won a game when all my cities declared independence. I lost after a 251 turn game.
76561198296460194,Recommended,226840,30734444,Posted: 25 March,all,Derledrel,gg
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,226840,17651108,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"Well, imao, i prefer a good 2d than a low-poly 3D, so that makes me more close to AoW than AoW III.Another thing is that they removed the Halflings, High-human, Frostlings, Undead, Lizardman and added in their place Draconian People.Heroes now have wierd graphics, as the maps, not to mention the Orc Heroes, geez, they are looking like "" Hey, i'm an Orc, want to be my friend "" ?The humans Civic Guards looks like something in the 16th century, something much more wierd. Not to mention that they are selling the old standard classes as high-priced ""DLCs"".In anyway, i think that the devs received much influence from D&D, WOW and CIV and made such things with AoW."
76561198049313249,Recommended,226840,14656411,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,nerevarine,"Big long-time fan here of the Age of Wonder series. Still have them all.AOW1: awesome. runs on my old laptop so when I travel, nice to pull-up and play, map-editor rocked.AOW2: worst of the series, story stucked, mechanics sucked, bugs, glitches, clunky, weak, lame.AOW: Shadow Magic: Best of the series, stand-alone expansion, basically, super-fixed all the problems with AOW2s very well and a total classic. Map Editor rocks the house.AOW3. The New One. With other series pushing ahead with the fantasy/4x-style games, it made sense for Triumph to go back and make a sequel. Immedicate CON: total lack of story, not cutscenes, totally DOA in this department but the gameplay itself more than makes up for this. It's more going towards a ""Civilization"" 4X style of gameplay, like AOW:SM introduced to the series. NO PROBLEM WITH THAT!!!!Sadly gone are the ""Wizard Towers"" and the treasure trove of spells to troll any invaders into your domain.Gladly gone are roaming independent/allied units that take over parts of your domain without any resistence.Gladly gone are the over-powered doman spells that royally pwn any army that accidently enters your demain under peaceful circumstances.Like the prior games, they push the graphics envelope a bit. However, this game does so most unfairly. Let me explain: This game runs like crap on newer systems even. It turns my CPU into a hamster wheel with Hamster-Cyborg 3000 running on it. What the hell. No time to optimize? The graphics are NOT EVEN THAT GREAT, they look about 5 years behind the times AT LEAST and this crap can chug at times. Solution: turn everything down, still looks okay, but so very disappointing. Lazy programming? Who knows.Gameplay, if you liked AOW:SM, the the exception of the loss of wizard towers and a few minor things, you will feel right at home. Improved style of tactical combat mode looks great, it is nice. I hated AOW2 and AOW:SM removed all the blood/minute gore of AOW1. Same crap here, it's homogenized for you and your 5 kids in your nuclear family. I suppose that was to appeal to the kids who like The Hobbit and LOTR because there are art decision that seemed inspired by those movies, in my opinion. A bit too much in fact.On that note, it seems about half of the races in the prior AOW:SM are totally gone.No more nomads, or Archons (they are Undead now) but the ""Undead"" race is fully gone, so are the Shadow and those other guys that like the Shadows guys, no Dark Elves or offshoots, it all feels rather sucky now.I KNOW, probably because at some point they plan to go the DLC route and play those stupid tricks/games with their fanbase. Time will tell, eh? Whether that's the case or not: BRING BACK THE OTHER FAAUKKING RACES PLZ!So overall, it feels like a graphically amplied, but stripped down version of AOW:SM. It makes improvements, here, there, and overall I recommend it. It is a trusted, trial'd, true fantasy strategy game, with 4X elements because you can build new cities and grow them CIV-style. My complaints are not that big in the grand scheme of this game. I wish there was more options, more choices, and the engine was optimized which I think is far given the aging graphics. There is more to like than to not like, and to list what I like would make this 2 pages more.Last note, it's a ""complicated"" game like CIV 4, so don't expect detailed diplomacy AT ALL or too much detail in anything. It is rather simple on many levels but can be very rewarding and dynamic in its own right."
76561198036019758,Not Recommended,226840,9718059,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Outrojection,"It's better than I feared, but it's worse than I hoped.I really hope patchs fix this game.NOT DLC OR EXPANSIONS, because ♥♥♥♥ you for making me pay you to fix your broken game.Yes the environment looks great, fantastic even.Characters are well modeled and well posed.Hair is completely awful.Clothing/armor textures are very blurry and low res.AA is broken.Yes, these are on highest settings.Tactical maps are unbearably small, it takes 2 turns for the enemy to engage your front line.Furthermore, ranged units have abysmally low hard limits on range (about 1 turn of a melee unit), whereas Shadow magic handled range quite well with soft limits via accuracy penalties.There is no longer a height advantage to be gained for ranged units as tactical maps are nearly all perfectly flat, and they can even hit units behind giant boulders at reduced damage, whereas the previous AoW games would've laughed at you for attempting such a thing.You cannot manaually place your own units or even rearrange their positions.6 units MAX, seriously?Most magic is in the form of global passive spells now (which are incredibly easy to research, cast, and dispel).Tactical magic is practically worthless now and all boils down to ""do damage by throwing X"", where X is whatever element your specialize in.MOUNTAINS ARE TRAVERSABLE BY ANYONE. Seriously, who thought this was a good idea? Mountains used to be natural roadblocks, and every faction and their own unique ways of dealing with them; flying units, transport units, tunnelers, terraforming, etc. Now they're just speedbumps.Terrain costs are a joke, harsh terrain is so easy to move on now that roads are hardly neccesary, whereas before they usued to nearly double your range, even on already good terrain, now they merely increase it by 20-30%.Research is much too fast, and much too linear. You used to be able to branch out and pick and choose want you wanted, now you're restricted to linear paths, and even some things are research for the sake of accessing more research.AI becomes incredibly passive on large maps, on every difficulty setting.Independant cities are practically desperate for you to take them over since they hand out quests like candy (completeing the quest gives you their city), now they're no longer bastions of death that are difficult and rewarding to take over.Every faction is homogenized: everyone gets a cavalry counter, everyone gets a handful of ranged units, everyone gets one tanky unit etc. No one has unique mechanics anymore like packing up your cities and moving them, spreading death as your city expands.Cities themselves don't specialize anymore, now every city can be just as good as every other city, since they don't get bonuses from gods and buildings are extremely quick to build. Hoorrraaay everyone gets gold stars for participation :), ♥♥♥♥ specialization am I right guys?"
76561198131813789,Not Recommended,226840,9720481,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,jturner582,Game crashes making it impossible to play. very dissapointing
76561197976312757,Not Recommended,226840,34882537,Posted: 11 September,all,Destyre,"I want to like Age of Wonders III but I just can't.While there are some fun things in the game, there are just far too many bizarre and restrictive ideas, like for example the fact that you can only have 6 units per army. Why? I mean, if you have adjacent units, you can include them in the fight, so why even have this limitation in the first place? Also, you cannot set pre battle formations. Countless times I would start a battle only for melee tanks to be at the back behind healers or ranged, or I'd have melee perched on a wall with ranged standing behind the gate, meaning I have to sacrifice precious action points to move my units around, hoping I won't get flanked in the process.There are some great ideas, like how you claim your resources by pacifying or killing the inhabitants. Unfortunately the combat, a key mechanic in the game, is just so poorly rolled out."
76561198129917198,Not Recommended,226840,10302255,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Partially_Derived,Sucked.... $40 turd. leader character customizing is cheap. The games drags♥♥♥♥♥ the only enjoyable part is the turn based battles. 5/10. Its like a bad beta being sold as a finished work.
76561198020360983,Not Recommended,226840,9752634,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Doc Rock MD */ADV/,"Not ready for prime time. I wish I could get my money back. It's a HOMM clone, but thats no sin. No, it's the combat system. Units that are damaged continue to do full damage, even when reduced to just a single member. All in all, frustrating and boring."
76561198011482710,Not Recommended,226840,15702102,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,The Dank Duck,"I play game, i enjoy game, iz very nice game. BUT, never seen wonder in game. Very dissapoint.Gameplay: 10/10Graphx: 8/10Name: 5/10Total: 2,754/10"
,Not Recommended,226840,10788758,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,PLANCK LENGTH,Until racial T4 units exist...Until Mastery T4 units exist...Until more than more than 6 playable races exist...Not worth the buy.
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,226840,12145788,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Scribbles,"Get Age of Wonders 1 instead. It's a superior game. You can't even make your own hero in this. This is just a dumbed-down, more limited, more annoying version of the first."
76561198007193031,Recommended,226840,12892857,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Reapoman,"Not bad, except the same old, can only play with these guys dlc ballocks!!!All races where free in the original AOW,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DLC"
76561198083750083,Not Recommended,226840,9961127,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,New Fish,not a game I like at all.
76561198013625229,Not Recommended,226840,9840393,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Durka,I just got bored early and often.
76561198019686846,Recommended,226840,28808734,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Thoriati,yes
76561197960746459,Not Recommended,226840,10782390,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,quinnbot,"Overly complicated, weak UI, and an end-game filled with micro-management ruin what should have been a great game."
76561198132420798,Not Recommended,226840,23626066,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,El Mexicano Volador,"I was extremely hyped for this game, 4X Game with turnbased D&D style combat, but it has to be one of the most boring games to ever exist.The depth of its grand stragety is worst than Civ Beyond Earth, completely unengaging. More specifically nothing you do in game has any over arching consequences, units are extremely easy to aqcuire and ""leader"" system is boring.Which is fine, because it is the combat that makes this game unique. Unfortunately that is just as unengaging and seriously lakcing in depth. Skirmishes take unecessarily long, with huge maps that are generally sparsely populated with actual strategic elements.This has to be the one instance I have to disagree with The Cynincal Brit's review. I expected Civ 5 with a more complex combat-focused, instead it just a Heroes of Might and Magic clone that tries to be something bigger than it is."
76561198093703430,Not Recommended,226840,12444336,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Raging Bull,I have been wanting this game for ever and it is very polished but after being stuck on one part of the campain for 7 hours and it looks like im going to lose i cant recamend this this just makes me mad  its busy work and it is ridiculous
,Not Recommended,226840,20140697,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,purplepenguinjen,"After spending over an hour in the first tutorial (which was a horrible one), the game just crashed.  This game so far was tedious, unclear, and boring.  Needless to say, I'm quitting after my 1.3 hours, so I can get a refund."
76561197979260961,Not Recommended,226840,12264586,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Ludeman,"Age of BlundersLike the other reviewers have pointed out, you need to rush to tier 4 units!  The combat is very basic, you never miss, very short ranges and you get  less units then AoE 1 and 2.  I really think the developers were going for a faster MP style game play.  That explains the rush feel, however this is terrible for the single player and does not feel like you have time to explore.   The enemy spawns in  areas that you knew you cleared out and there is no path for  them. If you  leave one of your cities empty it will get taken over without a fight.   Walls are useless now because most units have wall climbing.  This game is frustrating not because it’s hard but because the rush feel and the cheap spawning city attacks.   The graphics are just ok, but some units are hard to see against the background as well as some of the places to visit.Over all I’m disappointed"
76561198002735704,Not Recommended,226840,9759940,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,kffisher,"I don't really want to go into great detail but the game isn't very fun.  I spend at least as much time getting bent over on the campaign missions as I do struggling with technical issues like memory leaks, frame-rate dropping to next to nothing, and crashes.  My recommendation, don't waste your money, at least not until they fix the technical issues, if they do."
76561198008921523,Not Recommended,226840,33565309,Posted: 15 July,all,Korman,"i more like the AoW 2 shadow of magic this part made the same mistake that heroes series V VI VII the buildings units on map is too large and battles have too many ""special effects"" but this is my opinion and i know more people like good graphic in games - i preffer to focus on strategical part of game where GUI is simpler"
76561198004539688,Not Recommended,226840,10965528,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jdfalco,combat is too slow.
76561198133566384,Not Recommended,226840,24077181,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,flyingjudgement,"Is it a good game yes it is but the other two is way better if this isyour first age of Wonders gamedo afavour and try the 2nd one instead of this grapicaly is a little bit better but the classes are limited the lore got wiped out the units are half what its use to be and the owerall pace is reallly slowed down, its borring As F%$#extremely dump units ork and goblins with angel wings.... in the old game u had wyvern riders, dire wolves giants the replacent and so so many more all race loked diferent feel diferent and u could sink in to the world a lot more useing diferent strategys its not a bad game is just gonna be boring the graphic not mater u watching everything from above any way"
,Not Recommended,226840,18884303,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Tree Trunk,"Its ok....  I guess if you are a fan of the franchise you may like it, but I wasnt blown away by it in any way.  Just more of the same."
,Not Recommended,226840,21713842,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,fxlibra,"I guess everybody here is favorably comparing this game with the epic ""Heroes of Might and Magic"" series.  Despite the fact that ""age of wonders"" is generally well done and nicely designed product with even deeper gameplay than ""heroes"",  I  couldn’t make myself love this game after first 4 hours of playing experience. Why ?Weak story (nothing remotely exciting)Poor choice of factionsOnly 2 campaigns in basic game version (for 34 EUR )BoringResuming all this if you are expecting worthy successor of HOMM this game won’t satisfy you. It is only distant mimicration of  a mighty title. Overpriced mediocrity."
76561198028292136,Not Recommended,226840,17293981,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,clinz,Upgrading cities is confusing. You need to build irrelevant builds to unlock certain things.
,Not Recommended,226840,9785967,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,S1natra,"I've been having serious issues with this game from the moment I bought it. The first few times I played it, it crashed. Then I started getting the 'Installation Invalid' box every time I clicked on Play Game (Remedied by playing in Debug Mode only). Now I have problems with overlapping white boxes replacing icons, backgrounds, 3D avatars and text boxes (Including the options box) and invisible text. It's proven to make my game litterally unplayable. Also, when the new patch (1.9) came out on Wednesday with an apparent fix, my game did not update, and still hasn't. I've been everywhen I can go online and can't find any fixes for this problem.The people who are supposed to be fixing these problems (and from the number of people suffering from them, they're obviously major problems) need to get their finger out and start dealing with this mess, or they'll end up with a lot of customers wanting their money back."
,Recommended,226840,28575720,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kirk Kardashian,GG
,Not Recommended,226840,18162603,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,cajuncrusher,This is a great game to play on Windows PC but on a Mac its a different story.The issue comes up playing with medium to large maps. The framerate drops to around 8 FPS which is dreadful. It could be an issue with the Yosemite operating system. I hope they fix problem soon until then if you want to play this on a Mac I would not recommend this game.
,Recommended,226840,16533388,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Neko-Nomikon,"The game plays really well and is more military and battle focused than other similar games.Units can be upgraded, you can flank, parry, retaliate and equip new weapons and armour. Promotions gives soldiers better stats.Cities can be taken in many ways, and you can upgrade them in various ways so you can produce more soldiers, gold or mana.I'd seriously recommend it to people who like Civ or Endless Legend/Space."
76561198171952666,Not Recommended,226840,35183591,Posted: 24 September,all,agblackhat,"If you've played Age of Wonders II, you've played this game, except there are no shadowlands. The game desperately needs an expanded content update."
,Not Recommended,226840,9913348,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Fight Milk,"Expected Civilization, got Shitilization."
76561198008389995,Not Recommended,226840,9710843,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Klucky,Age of Blunders 3. Build up big army move there auto finish win. Has promise needs work. Currently not worth 40 dollars.
,Not Recommended,226840,12854716,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Omni,"This game is quite literally AoW II with an inferior and poorly written story.  I gave it a go, but there really wasn't much in the game that creates a desire to continue through the single player campaign.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone that's played AoW II, you will be dissapointed.  If you have not, it's not a terrible turn based strategy game, but it's pretty bland in terms of story."
76561198029613508,Not Recommended,226840,15180367,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Corpison,"First, let me start by saying, I have always loved the original Age of Wonders.. LOVED IT.  The whole point of this review is to simply say that I am saddened that this company has gone the way of the paid DLC.  The stupidity of the people unfortunately has allowed this to thrive to what it is today.  The simple fact that companies release games that are ""incomplete"" just to release a paid addition (that was already complete at the time of release) a few months later, is just sad.  I truly miss the days that you could pay money for a complete game. ... Age of Wonders I: 12 Races, all released at inception.-I will not buy another product from this company, nor will my friends."
76561198065937188,Recommended,226840,12736179,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,daLiquidBoss,"A little slow and boring. Fun for anyone looking for resource management turn based strategy game. A little bit pricy for the overall experience, wait for a price drop..."
,Not Recommended,226840,10247234,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Frunobulax,"This  game is awesome except for the stupid, ridiculous, annoying, intrusive, and complicated DRM.  The game is great, but Triumph - SCREW YOU for FOPCING me to make an account and log in and deal with passwords and registration hassles to play a game I PAID FOR,  Five stars for the game, negative ten for the DRM.  Therefore I am NOT recommending this game, nor wilI buy anymore games from you.  I have better things to do wwith my time thanspend two hours trying to get registered - even though I am ALREADY registered and my account says ACTIVATED.  Clearly you have not gotten the message that DRM is dead."
76561198044408422,Not Recommended,226840,33402201,Posted: 9 July,all,j.kublicki,"It's not only a hard game, it's also unfair. With just one spell, casted by a hero, that isn't even present in battle, your city walls can be ruined or half of your army routed. There's not way to predict that, beause the game doesn't provide enough info, but you are penalized.Encircled units refuse to react, because, well, there's such rule... but the game doesn't bother to tell you about it. Your level 4 units can be mauled by enemy level 3 units and you'll never know why.This game could be great. It's original, it looks good, AI is brillant. But it lacks trivial things like decent UI, feedback, informations about the enemy, justification why something happens or simply some polishing. It should be easy to identify those problems and fix them, but apparently Triumph cannot into Blizzard territory."
76561198049701044,Not Recommended,226840,12445742,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,yyrkoon80,"I 100% do NOT recomend this game.  It is brutally hard on normal setting.  The AI cheats, and is one of the most frustrating games I have every played!  If you buy this game you will quit it in 2 days, and wish you never bouight it.Save your money and your anger on something that deserves both.  This game sucks!"
76561198004695007,Not Recommended,226840,23211814,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Gray Grim,"I didn't play age of wonders II but I played shadow magic. The core game play hasn't changed at all, and many quality of life improvements that they could and should have made still stand unimplemented. The only reason to buy this over shadow magic or age of wonders II would be the story; Save that the story is a cringe worthy heavy-handed social justice issue for a problem that doesn't exist in any developed nation and hasn't for hundreds of years. I have no idea who they are trying to cater to by adding that in. I do not recommend this game. Shadow magic has exactly the same gameplay and a much better story. I would even reccomend Age of wonders II. It can't possibly have a worse story."
76561197982928139,Not Recommended,226840,34983725,Posted: 15 September,all,Neos,"Too slow.More plodding than strategic.  (Granted, I feel this about many popular strategy games -- they end up being fidgety with very little time spent making interesting decisions and lots spent dealing with rote minutiae.)"
76561197960876063,Not Recommended,226840,15590345,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SiyL,
76561197960335466,Not Recommended,226840,18289626,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,fubey 8><,meh
,Not Recommended,226840,10121179,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Comrade Corcus,"In multiplayer, having to watch each and every battle slows down the game and makes it unplayable to me. Would REFUND if able. Worst purchase I have ever made."
,Not Recommended,226840,10773903,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,RetardJoe,Um... plays like its still in beta with the constant crashing and bugs LIKE WTF!!!
,Not Recommended,226840,17500151,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Mid 90s Catherine Zeta Jones,Way too ♥♥♥♥ing complicated for no real mount of fun. Regret the purchase.
76561198034411106,Not Recommended,226840,9831106,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Dragon Dog,"The game runs fine but once i start doing good it crashed my computer after making my third town. Maybe they will fix it I don't know but i think im going to stop playing this b4 it breaks my good computer... The gameplay was fun and the customization was Great! So ill just leave this game till next year maybe, maybe it will play then."
76561198023756002,Not Recommended,226840,10071133,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,vikingrick,very disappointed
76561198134823066,Not Recommended,226840,16541514,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Willdabeast,Crappy game... crashes on startup so I haven't even got to try it.
76561198070458556,Not Recommended,226840,22487465,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Eichhörnchen,What could have been a classic is sadly held down by some outdated flaws and buggy decisions. Cant Recommend
76561198159013253,Not Recommended,226840,18038536,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,nwishaar,"Had somewhat high hopes for this game, and I was quite dissapointed. Very basic, unexciting city building provides a poor man's version of a poor man's version of Civilization V. Units have movement far greater than their line of sight, meaning you regularly lose armies to ambush as you literally cannot see them coming and are not allowed to retreat. Very annoying. I honestly haven't finished a single game yet because it keeps♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off too much to continue playing.I guess it's fun if you like games that♥♥♥♥♥♥you off."
76561198038595727,Not Recommended,226840,18478006,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,jclaiborne2007,"This game has a blurring effect around menu buttons due to poor artwork decision. This was brought to dev's attention in April, 2014 and remains unresolved. I am prone to migrains, so this is completely unacceptable. I will give 24 hours for a response to an email and then i will ask for a refund.Apparently, this has not cost them enough money to address. I will spend my $49.99 elsewhere as I am pretty sure that if this was ignored for 18 months, it will continue to be so.http://steamcommunity.com/app/226840/discussions/0/540737415122092673/"
,Not Recommended,226840,18503008,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Aargh Tenna,"In all Age of Wonders games (I played them all), AI was always weaker then let's say HOMM's. This one is no exception. However, it could still be very addictive, fun empire-building experience, if not for programming issues. For me, game crashes both on Windows and Linux after 5th or 6th battle.So I can not recommend it in a state it is now. I recommend to wait until more patches are released.Upd as of 9.11.2016. After recent patch, game crashes less, and not so predictably. Tested only on Linux. Still annoying as hell, but at least you can play it now - crashes only after 10-20 turns now."
76561198024262317,Not Recommended,226840,21063910,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,michael895,Horrible...Paid for the damn game...installed and it says I have to join Triumph something or another....keeps sending me new passwords that don't work.....total ripoff...stay away
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,226840,15976953,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Huggles `,"Cannot recommend this. It is neither as simple and smart as its predecessors nor is it very elegant.1) The economics/strategy layer is way off balance2) the single player missions are horrible (by the very first mission you're in control of a thousand cities and all races of the game, and it just gets worse. It's basically the same mission over and over again).3) The combat system we all know and adore is there, But the most fun parts are gone... You can no longer assault a city from several directions. It's just one long battle line now...4) Extremely stupid design decision took all the focus away from the races and now it's ""classes"" instead. So what race you are matters very little. There's hardly any differentiation beyond a few ability scores here and there. It is NOTHING like AOM2 where every race was completely distinct in almost everything.In short, this is not as good as the one before it, so how could I recommend it?"
76561198045136338,Not Recommended,226840,19969429,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Slag,This looks like a fun game. Imagine my frustration at not being to do a simple thing like move a piece! Even more frustrating is trying to find a reference in all the help vidios. At this moment I feel like I have wasted my money. For that reason I cannot recmond this game.
76561197971810211,Not Recommended,226840,18916893,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Aeskir,BoringCheap copy of Might and Magic: Heroes
76561197971066870,Not Recommended,226840,9810631,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Plumpykind,"The AI is a huge let down.  Just sitting next to their cities and not doing much.  Also, they do not care where you have your borders.  They just go through them, and if you declare war when they do so, then you're the one at fault.I thought it would have been better than this.  Totally disappointed.Wait till it goes on sale before buying it.  Not worth the full price."
76561197987134915,Not Recommended,226840,9768932,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,herofacade,"Its such a shame. I bought all the originals when they came out years ago.. and this game took all that was good with those and threw it out.  What was left is a almost strategic game that seems to lack the ""Wonder"" in the title. There are so many components to this game that are irrelevant.. theres no reason to terraform, diplomacy is completely useless (I mean really.. he tresspasses in my territory and I can't even ask him to stop?), and the storyline is boring. The potential to succeed was ignored."
76561198006105895,Not Recommended,226840,31654956,Posted: 9 May,all,Voltaire,"Labeled as a 4x similar to Endless Legend, It's pretty barebones when it comes to expansion and exploitation, mediocre at exploration. There is little depth to the empire building, resource management, or research aspects. Lots of extermination, but gameplay is tedious turn-based combat. Autofight options are terribly inefficient, forcing you to painstakingly play through each battle. In a genre full of time-intensive games, there is no time for wasting."
76561198212598639,Not Recommended,226840,22904958,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,andrewleach1963,This game has bad math. The game forces you into the same situation Every time. If you try to play a defensive game you dont have enough gold to maintain enough armies no matter how good you play and then the AI kills you off with massive assaults. Otherwise you must try to get momentum and run over the computer with no middle ground. It is another big type production with bad unadjustable math. The Ai does not use the same rules as players at all even on the middle levels of difficulty. FIX IT!
,Not Recommended,226840,12417284,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,dumpster baby,I want to disown this game.
76561198035939428,Not Recommended,226840,35182951,Posted: 24 September,all,omgwtfisthis,"Another AoW2 vet giving AoW3 a downvote.Other reviewers have said it better, AoW3 is just too dumbed-down, they stripped it of any and all tactical depth.  Instead of unit placement being the difference between victory and defeat you get a Straight-line Vs. Straight-line.  I'm also NOT a fan of the Graphics.  AoW2 graphics were enchanting.  AoW3 graphics are small, cluttered, diffcult to see, not much detail and ... just awful.  The campaign (what little of it I could stand) is too linear! Smothering!  Hand-holding at its most restictive.  In AoW2 the direction you sent your units in at the start of a game was crucial!  Now, there's no place to go except to the next objective, which will of course be benefical for you.I wonder if the Devs were even remotely aware of what was happening in the Video game industry and community while this was under development.  I guess I'm just hoping that AoW4 is developed by people who are aware of current trends, rather than the people who want to design games for Pre-Schoolers."
76561198031967626,Not Recommended,226840,12141057,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Dragis,crappy game whit low grafics unfinished and clumsy
76561198020109566,Not Recommended,226840,15363485,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,NoGas,"Boring. Filled with bugs. No racial group really FEELS unique, just the same reash. Limited units, lack of mercenaries to compensate.The game is just boring, feels one-dimensional. Stronger RTS games are available."
76561198031325024,Not Recommended,226840,9829516,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,ElGuapoUglyFace,"I am not a big fan of this game. The graphics and choice of art style annoy me and the game seems difficult to learn. I played the tutorial and hated every second of it. I absolutely wish I would have been able to try a demo before purchasing this game. I am a big fan of the old Heroes of Might and Magic series and thought this would be similiar. I love games like Civilization IV and V, even if I am not too great at them, but this game has no appeal to me. I should of bought Fallen Enchantress instead. Buyer beware. Maybe I am missing something, but I don't understand how this game garnered so many positive ratings and reviews. It is just not fun and everything about it is confusing. At this moment in time, I will never spring for another game from Triumph Games, they let me down miserably."
,Not Recommended,226840,18213293,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Anfere,Worst game i'v ever played.  Not even worth going into details it's plain terrible.
76561198027067334,Not Recommended,226840,31592928,Posted: 6 May,all,mylhendir,"Game honestly look fun. I honestly think it would be a good bye. But i have major problems. Audio doesn't work at all, period. And game keeps on crashing steam. Other games work fine."
76561198023117274,Not Recommended,226840,17612658,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,rabidroach,worthless junk dont waste your money
76561198001456742,Not Recommended,226840,18476942,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,[OP] Jeff,It's terrible... The controls are stupid and the way you build things makes no sense.Avoid this game
76561198004025374,Not Recommended,226840,28315391,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Safety First,Didnt like it.
76561197997327242,Not Recommended,226840,19330122,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Gwaeron,"It seems like a bad heroes game, i can't recommend this to anyone"
76561198009849368,Not Recommended,226840,18154846,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,raccoonrebels,"It felt fairly generic, and I was never sure why I wasn't just playing a Total War or HMM or a Civ game instead."
,Not Recommended,226840,26406724,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,EatUrShorts,"I'll be honest I should've been more careful when buying this game, because my reaction to it was ""omg my own hero and campaigns and sht"" and then I get to game and you have 2 available campaings both with premade heroes, its a bit complicated to create your own hero and play with him and you're basically stuck with scenarios to level them up , and if you swtich hero say bye bye to upgrades its just to complicated, the trailer and wording on the store page gets you hyped for something a bit different. Regarding the game, its not bad , the problem is its not top notch turn-based strategy game and its also not a top notch turn-based rpg, its just ""okay"" at both things . I didn't enjoy the game, it's not my type I guess but it's not a bad game, it's just okay."
,Recommended,226840,15274548,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Jedasd,Game lets you create a tyrannical waifu. 8/10
76561198072195140,Not Recommended,226840,10496304,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Parallax Core,"To me, this game is completely lame. Seeing the graphics, I felt as if I fell back through time into 2000 (or earlier). Awful. Seeing the gameplay, and lots of the ""story"" texts accompanying the units - well, in most games, it brings some level of immersion (if not useful information), here, it is just excessive ""information"" garbage. Completely unrelated to anything ingame, just some ""random xy character"" telling some ""story"" (could even be my aunt...)As for the customisation of the avatar - 3 clothes? Really? (Checking the year again)Looks of all the races - am I the only one who thinks they all look like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥? Really?Tech trees - with no invention whatsoever. That's where I felt disappointed most. Actually, no... I got disappointed everywhere in this game...Ingame information - it is there, but you can access it only AFTER you start the game. Why cant you see what type of terrain Goblins like/dislike before picking them, for example? Or anything else, for that instance? Why don't I see what skills will picking air or fire or anything bring me? Besides of most of the skills being absolutely useless, or all of them being absolutely useless for certain types of characters? Why do I have to learn about this after I start playing? Also NO MANUAL?!?! Like, at all?!Anyway. Comparing this ""sequel"" to the AoW II - it fails completely. I am really sorry I bought this game. Played it for a week, gotten bored immensely, not only by the really ""pulp fiction"" story, but by the scenarios, by the random maps even! Awful!If I could get my money back, I would, trust me. Blerg. Way overpriced, should have gone right to Good Old Games, only it would be Lame Old Games.0% fun"
76561197971505421,Not Recommended,226840,14798012,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Kiki la Crapule,* very complex* confusing* tutorial basic* screen overcharged* complex mechanics.too hard to play. beautiful graphics and good game idea.playability is hardcore
76561197968987936,Not Recommended,226840,33391575,Posted: 8 July,all,Rilrd,"Too hard to win.  Definitely not worth the money.  The tutorial doesn't teach nearly enough, nothing makes sense, everything is heavily stacked against you to the point where it's not even worth playing.  Don't waste your time, get a strategy game that isn't terrible."
76561197962513067,Not Recommended,226840,9876903,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,jash,no
76561198049663176,Not Recommended,226840,31760512,Posted: 14 May,all,DemoNn,I'm a big fan of Heroes of Might & Magic III and IV.  I just found this game to be boring in comparison.
76561198112867101,Not Recommended,226840,24276219,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,willy_yearsley,"just downloaded the game, as soo as it goes to load a map the game shuts down, is this a common problem?"
76561198010461456,Not Recommended,226840,22787522,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,wngman4hire,"Good game, but does not work with modern graphics drivers. Because I play more than this game, it's not worth the effort to correct this error."
76561197993212045,Not Recommended,226840,19254111,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Bowmark,Must be a lot of fanboys that write reviews for this game because it is downright awful.  Terrible pace..walls do not protect you...horrible game mechanics.  Should not have the Age of Wonders name because it is NOTHING like the other games.  This game is simply not fun.  Save your money.
76561198137229428,Not Recommended,226840,10155245,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,danielkmcsweeney,terrible it barely works on my computer. but from what i can see it suck heroes of might and magic is much better
76561198069066304,Not Recommended,226840,17609641,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,jakedraugelis,DRM WARNING. Never even played the game.
76561198082054146,Not Recommended,226840,24192284,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Double Down,"AoW3 is just another sad excuse for a Civ-like game.  I was lured in by the customizable faction options, thinking that my dwarven machines would entice me to have some attachment to my chosen people.  Thing is, you don't really notice a difference in how you play, what you look like, or what you do regardless of the 10 minutes you spend going through all the customization for how your ruler looks.It's buggy; it crashes; it's boring; it's a waste of time and money."
76561198042623187,Not Recommended,226840,25163965,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,lillamaster,i am a turnbased strategy lover and this game is ok if the fps and the game engine vasent terible
76561198027080383,Not Recommended,226840,21334687,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Parker,meh
76561198007206493,Not Recommended,226840,28231439,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,masterofall8,basically the game crash. I can reload save and it crashes again at the some point.... if you only like to play the first 1-2 hours of a game this is for you.
76561198012682302,Not Recommended,226840,33377609,Posted: 8 July,all,btdslayer,"A pretty, well made and entertaining game that sadly falls into the basic game elements as dlc trap. If i didn't constantly regret all the things I didn't shell out what is effectively a doubling of the games Price to get."
76561197993005771,Not Recommended,226840,29787146,Posted: 8 February,all,Daan,Absolutely horrible.Spending more words would be an even bigger crime than producing this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198025583389,Not Recommended,226840,15142683,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,twm,This game is a Lords of Magic clone only it is boring and time consuming.
,Not Recommended,226840,12233691,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,will hack for 10 rubles,"I'll put it simply, it's ♥♥♥♥♥ing crap. :)"
76561197992353193,Not Recommended,226840,29425669,Posted: 22 January,all,CrazyIvan,Too damn hard! I got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me in SP all the time.
76561198031886008,Not Recommended,226840,33544690,Posted: 14 July,all,Rudiger,"Tried to play multiplyer today. Reminded me of the early noughties trying to set port forwaridng, next a VPN...what a load of crap. Absolutely pathethic that one cannot support multiplayer without having to have a background in IT. DO NOT BUY FOR THIS REASON."
76561198154069849,Not Recommended,226840,34613082,Posted: 30 August,all,Chomiczek Fetor,"World map clunky animation makes game obnoxious to stick to - no matter how big fan of the genre I am. If you lower graphic it drops even more fps (it runs best at max); when played with CPUCores  Maximize Your FPS it was droping 15 fps; when you scroll map out to get larger field of view clouds appears (no way to turn it off) and they drop animation by 20 FPS; this is how bad optimisation of this game is (Im 2k euro monster pc btw). Map graphics are not clear - I would really thumb it up if the game had Heroes of Might and Magic 3 graphic. In option there is check mark to prevent overheating processor as some computers get boiled by this game - 85 celsius degree, cant belive you must check if game is not boiling your processor. If you appreciate smooth animations and clear graphic - avoid it, or get it to see and prepare to request refund. All that about game map but battles are preety cool, game content too. Personally I regret gettin this tittle, obnoxious experience."
76561198035681803,Not Recommended,226840,33595867,Posted: 16 July,all,yoHoSnow,"I get that most people are playing this for its multiplayer mode, but if you do the campaigns (my sole focus) it's pretty awful.  You're more-or-less forced to reload/restart the game based on the apparent aggressiveness the AI decides to engage in, making the the whole experience a repetitive single-track path through a less-than-exciting storyline.  I suppose it's tough to blend the concepts of exploration and challenge in a turn-based combat format, but for a game with so much supposed variety between the classes, they could have done a better job.  There should be more to the game than just maxing out all resources on the biggest army you can build and then methodically advancing on your opponent."
76561198035729836,Not Recommended,226840,11079441,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,erichleos,booo sucks
76561198018182000,Not Recommended,226840,26737579,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,MyStEriOuS™,this is the worst ♥♥♥♥♥♥ strategy game ever
76561198056280357,Not Recommended,226840,22480431,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,patrickelens,"Don t waste anyy moneyy on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥y clone of a civilization and heroes of might and magic crap, this game wants to be too much and ends up being crap with unfair and idiotic battlesyystem that does not work at all. just don t buyy this crap."
76561198043294906,Not Recommended,226840,29531577,Posted: 27 January,all,Lightlynx,Loved the game. But cant complete 1 scenario or random map. After 50-60 turns it just keeps crashing. Disappointing. Uninstalled and done with the game.
,Not Recommended,226840,30013275,Posted: 18 February,all,Weltall,"Looks pretty, but the gameplay sucks. Poor design and imbalances ruin the experience. Both combat and empire building lack depth."
76561198039021912,Not Recommended,226840,9769873,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Poop Train Conductor,HHHNNNNRRRG THERES NO FAUCET ON THE LITTLE BLACK SPLEEN CHANGER
76561198061535798,Not Recommended,226840,23336730,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,neclipse123,"I just couldnt get into it. Feels like I threw away money for something I would think would have more tact, but you cant beat RTS games! Though, the back in forth play was ok in FF7:?"
76561198031439163,Not Recommended,226840,25316579,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,knighthawk99,"Serious problem with this game.  It says I need to disable 3 mods.  One is for middle earth, for example. I have NO mods imnstalled.  I cannot play the game.  It all worked fine earlier today.What the heck is going on????"
,Not Recommended,226840,9806690,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,BotanicWammu~ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,waste of moneyjust get civ 5
,Not Recommended,226840,25375993,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Silent,"slow, boring, and frustrating campaign."
76561198005402679,Not Recommended,226840,29936137,Posted: 14 February,all,Manzikert,"Seems decent at first. Sort of a might and magic heros ripe-off. But before even finished the first game I could see the game  imbalances, the poor design, the poor imagination, and worst of all the poor excuse for ""tactics"". Save yourself some time and money and just load up your favorite might and magic again."
76561197996166708,Not Recommended,226840,31540218,Posted: 4 May,all,tes4444,"I wanted to like this game.  I've owned and played through the rest of the franchise with great enjoyment.  But this one went off the path...I only played through the tutorial and then put this aside and requested a refund so this is NOT a comprehensive review.  Just what I came up with after playing that bit.A few things I didn't like:Added complexities that don't really enhance the 4x experience.  Example:  flanking in combat.  Yeah, it's realistic and it's a complex touch that adds depth - that I don't want or enjoy.  It's not about 4x any more - it's a combat element that does nothing to enhance my enjoyment of a 4x game.Color scheme.  I'm color blind and occasionally have this issue with games where the developers failed to consult anyone who represents the 7% or so of the population who has this issue:  too many things blend right into the background.  I found this to be particularly troublesome with goblin units.  I could only pick them out with great care.  Imagine playing chess on an all brown cardboard grid with all brown cardboard pieces - your focus is spent concentrating on which piece is where rather than an actual strategy.  Fun is greatly reduced.Viewpoint.  Meh.  What's wrong with the overhead view of teh previous versions.  I found this change to be a detraction from gameplay rather than an enhancement.  It's not 4x without a godlike overhead view of the gameplay.  Tilting that view was a bad move, in my opinion.Customization.  Item creation and such.  This has been rebalanced and is far more even than previous versions.  So even as to be mundane and unexciting.  Game balance is great, except when it detracts from the fun.  Even the item pictures are less fun than previous versions.Overall I didn't feel like this was a 4x experience.  It felt more like a turn based version of HMM.  With a bunch of things that are technically more advanced but less fun than previous games in the franchise."
76561198124411924,Recommended,226840,28454286,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,brandenburgjacob,this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ and if you dont like it you've got to be some kind of queer
76561198170196007,Not Recommended,226840,30727308,Posted: 25 March,all,postclassic,Game does not work there is an erroer when loading profile
76561198079905726,Not Recommended,226840,17244699,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,wolf_whisper,Not recommended!
76561198117959370,Not Recommended,226840,26411206,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Ken_Kurai_Senshi,"played the game for about 30 minutes only to have the game hard crash twice, thank u steam refunds"
76561197977096861,Not Recommended,226840,9709496,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,TOG Zalzany,"After playing it long enough to see a city fully upgraded and pull out all the new troops; it goes by fast if you know how to build up right off the bat. I can say this is a great standalone revamp of the game, but I wouldn't recomend it for full price, unless your really acking for a fast paced turn based that thinks its an RTS made by blizard.The class system isn't bad, but minus the new graphics it could have easily been a cheap standalone expansion for the old ones. If you use the same tactics you did in the past games this will be rather easy to play, with a few momments of 'look at that"" when you see one of the class system units fight the first time, then it will be just another unit to use, some of wich will have vets going ""didn't that use to be part of some other race?""Its ok novelty experince, but at its core its easier to play, wich is a plus I guess, but I didn't expect it to get more simple considering the first one came out when I was freshman in high school, and picked it up rather fast for a first time turn based strat."
76561198031368218,Not Recommended,226840,12092843,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Muppit,This game is a money grab. They give people early acces for full price than when it releases they shortly after release an expansion to fix a still broken game.DONT BUY!
,Not Recommended,226840,34306674,Posted: 17 August,all,aetheriality,this game is not fun.
76561197970332116,Not Recommended,226840,33185083,Posted: 3 July,all,per.christensen,"This is definitely not for me - two campaigns with predefined classes I did not wish to play is a dealbreakerA long time I've seen such a limitation in a game of this genreThe ""add"" said you can play as sorcerer - which is true - just not as a campaign char - only as a random map or online"
76561198009921188,Not Recommended,226840,34087546,Posted: 7 August,all,Reower,"Unbalanced cheating AI... no upkeep, no mana cost, no building time and full map view. I usualy like playing campaign beeing a casual player, it ruins the whole fun when on easy difficulty the computer field 5-10 armies of T3/T4 unites with only 1 or 2 half developed towns... After enough tries or enough time they are beatable though, but it was too obvious and annoying that they were cheating so i ended up not bothering finishing the campaigns."
76561198025811138,Not Recommended,226840,9800435,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Sanbo,Dont waste your money
76561197983093390,Not Recommended,226840,31534343,Posted: 3 May,all,Bastol,"Well I returned for a refund.  After having to go to their website to find out that a button doesn't even exist on my launcher that allows me to link to steam, I posted on their forums.  2 hours have gone by and no reply.  I bought 2 copies one for a gift to my son.  Well I will be returning them both.  Unable to play online is kind of a deal breaker.  No help but being told click the button to link.  No wait reboot steam, then click the button,  No wait, reboot your pc, now click the button.  try to reboot steam again.  I am activated on their website, but unable to link that account to steam account.Crappy solution.  Just give a key out like most other games and let steam  handle it all.2 out of 5 stars as they may come back with a solution."
,Not Recommended,226840,25454902,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Starfunkel,This game would probably ok... If it didnt crash on me every time I quit or Alt-Tab it.Fix this game!
76561198039925664,Not Recommended,226840,26394465,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ILLITERATE,"Not thrilled with this one:- There's no tutorial (or I least I couldn't find it).- The graphics tend to blend into each other and it's very difficult to figure out what you're looking at. Some outlines on things would've gone a long way.- It's not obvious how you can build an economy, or even how to oversee your finances. Usually you can figure out an ""order"" of things to do, but it's impossible to pin down.- Seems a bit uninspired. Just kind of a rehash of classic games like Heroes of Might and Magic. In fact, many of the buildings, spells, units, etc. etc. seemed to be taken directly from them.It's not a particularly bad game, but I just can't see myself ever playing it."
76561198268371354,Not Recommended,226840,25511125,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Wyattjbarnett,I had a little fun with it but it was fleeting. The campaign has dumb dialog and skirmish does not have a lot of replay value. Buy it on sale or not at all.
,Not Recommended,226840,23240461,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Adom,"Friend recommended me this game, absolute scam hack."
76561197977222065,Not Recommended,226840,25757859,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Maerokane,have they fixed the multiplayer problem that makes everyone wait and watch each battle?
76561198126139871,Not Recommended,226840,31552291,Posted: 4 May,all,Masar96,"It has a huge problem in Ubuntu, don't buy"
76561198286247642,Not Recommended,226840,23212346,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Enzo.In.A.Benzo,The Game Play was great. Wanted a miore smoother game when it came to battles. seemed more like a game for a phone.
76561198194363061,Not Recommended,226840,31803642,Posted: 17 May,all,son-of-a-bish,"Happiness and units deserting ruin the whole experience. Was enjoying it until my whole army left cos they're a bit sad. This is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ boring oversight, I can't even cheat the happiness up to make this playable... so I'm just gonna stop playing. Im devastated, was enjoying this but I just don't understand how developers can get super horny and♥♥♥♥♥all over themselves at the thought of everything I've worked hard to nurture decided that birthing a sacred dragon isn't worth it when their not having a super fun time. Can I build an amusement park or something to make them happy again. This is basically♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198052251167,Not Recommended,226840,19126275,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,mattgroom,Terrible.
76561198236690326,Not Recommended,226840,22787541,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Jepardy,"Defintely the most unbalanced combat system possible. THe game goes out of its way to make everything based on luck and not strategy . Your massive tier 4 army will be rated very likely to loose aginst most enemys tier 1 armys makeing it pointless to play. I love Turn based strategy games, i was really excited to the huge role combat played in this one and the intresting units. However the game makes everyting you do meaningless and so the game becomes meaningless."
,Not Recommended,226840,34825249,Posted: 8 September,all,DrakiusVonMallovik,Too simple.
76561198275892818,Not Recommended,226840,25393096,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Brad,"This game plays like a jack of all trades, okay at everything good at nothing."
,Not Recommended,226840,9701404,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,TravelerTraveler,"Poorly optimized and will make your system crawl at high settings, a headache to even get started due to the shoddy nature of their registration process. Don't buy it until it's on sale because it really sucks at release."
76561197977165692,Not Recommended,226840,13134388,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Tjaranis,"2 campaigns, human and elfs.... generic race's all humans in diff skins.annoying control scheme for me.i would have known the faults if i had resourced it though. anyway wont recommand it."
,Not Recommended,226840,23246371,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,LET'S MAKE FACE-GRAVY,This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥
76561198031408225,Not Recommended,226840,12907230,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,hjcmo,Meh
,Not Recommended,226840,25486246,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ThilocMoths,Requires you to port forward in order to host a game. Game that can be played by a ♥♥♥♥ing email requires you to twiddle with your connection just to be deemed worthy of hosting 2 players game. ♥♥♥♥ it and everything it stands for.
,Not Recommended,226840,9707370,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,The girl with the Torment Tattoo,"This game is buggy busted and broken. The frame rates are terrible even with the latest drivers, it leaks memory and crashes horrible. Should you have had the presence of mind to try and save, that system is broken too. Waste of 45 bucks. Wish I could get a refund."
76561198045487581,Not Recommended,226840,9695925,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Travis_5150,"Game is plauged by crashes!!!! I played the game for 3 hours when I first installed it w/ no problems, now it crashes EVERYTIME I try to play it.  The forums are not very helpful either as SO many other players are having similar issues.  I'd stay away from this one for awhile, and this pains me to say as I'm such a big fan of AoW.  I'm incredibley dissapointed in Triumph Studios."
76561198064139542,Not Recommended,226840,34272554,Posted: 16 August,all,raspcol21,"Overview:If like me, you're thinking of buying this game based on the mostly positive reviews and high praise, just do yourself a favour and dont! On the face of it, this ticks all my computer game tick boxes, fantasy world, strategy, resource management, empire/character building, all good stuff that i love, but it's soooo bad! It flatters to deceive at first, but once you strip away the window dressing it doesn't tick any box it attempts with any competence at all. So fundementally flawed is this game i have to question the validity of every positive review here. The AI is attrocious, and it cheats hard! A different level to anything i have ever experienced.  It's like playing Monopoly with a spoilt petulant child that has possibly also been drinking vodka who every time they roll the dice and land on one of your hotels, throws the biggest wobbler imaginable and refuses to pay. I have been playing the campaign mode offline.Bad points:1. I'll start with something reasonably simple and mundane, the game's back story (I started the recommended elf campaign). Honestly, can you really not be bothered? It's like looking through a ten year old's school jotter as he tries to write something Tolkien, but different, except it's just utter tripe. It's a good effort for a ten year old, but honestly, for something written by grown ups, it's really poor. It really is the Mills and Boon of RPG type stories. I could do better in a day!2. The voice actor. She really is pants! - It's common on this type of game to be fair, but combined with what we have above in point one, it just really makes a terrible combination. So lacklustre. Ok, i don't expect Brian Blessed, but i do expect something better than this.3. The combat. This is the main issue, so it's going to take a while.Pre battle: - Before battle you can only build stacks of six units, ok, it is what it is. You can gather a maximum of six stacks around an enemy stack, provided there is only one stack to surround. That kind of makes it better. Usually though, you'll build a maximum of four stacks around an enemy stack or two (Provided there is room) and usually you will only do this when attacking a city. For the record cities are ridiculously easy to take. This is bad. They are also ridiculously easy to defend because the AI is an idiot. This is bad. In any battle, if there is no chance of winning so long as you can avoid taking damage for 5 turns, you will avoid defeat, often this is easily acheived. This is bad.  Before starting battle you will be given a rating on what the AI thinks is your likely chance of winning, ranging from definitely getting hammered, to maybe getting hammered, to closely matched and the same going up to highly likely victory. I don't know how the AI works this out but it's usually nonsense on stilts and bar extremes where you get caught isolated with some units you were shifting around, if you're smarter than the average jellyfish, you should win easily or at least inflict heavy losses to mop up a turn or two later. This is all bad. There is an auto-battle option, but this essentially pits the AI against itself, and it assumes you're as big an idiot as it is, and usually it'll banzai your units into oblivion rendering the exercise pointless. This is bad.In battle: - What we have here is a reasonably small hexigrid combat map, i don't like them much, but i can see the logic, so ok, fine. It's very basic. The environments are usually randomly generated, and will take the theme of whatever terrain you are in. The environments are pretty dull.  It will generate obsticles, these are your friend as the AI seems to be completely flumoxed at negotiating these effectively, if you pull them around the map as best you can, flank with units that shoot or are weak to keep out the way to just cause hassle and keep a core of melee units to grind the most powerful enemy units along with support units, generally every single battle will be ridiculously easy! This is bad. The AI can't strategise at all. It also can't work out the best order in which to move it's units and so the more you can distract it and pull it around, the easier it'll be, even if the AI thinks it should hammer you. This is bad. Your units will have a certain strength obviously, and their numbers will visibly diminish when they are hit. However, units will deal the same damage, even when down to one HP, which is ridiculous and kills strategy. The AI will cheat with this, you will do min damage at vital times almost every time if the AI has plans for that unit. That plan is always to flank-strike you, which is all too easy to achieve. If the AI assumes it should be winning, it will cheat harder. %s are fudged for definite, i've tested and retested and it's just ridiculous. There is no dice roll if the AI thinks it should be winning. This makes every battle an absolute grind where the slightest mistake is mecilessly punished. Basically the AI is so poor, that the only way it can be challenging is by fudging the numbers all the time. Critical hit after critical hit when it's in trouble. These are supposed to be based on morale, but in similair favourable conditions, you'll be lucky if it awards you 30% of what it awards itself, and certainly not at critical times. Your leader can cast spells when not on the map, and it abuses this a lot when it thinks it should be winning. Bad. It basically mercilessly abuses every aspect leading to battles that are just a chore, which is a shame as despite it not being the best set up on the whole, there's a lot of potential here with the variations of spells and units.On map: - Exploring the map and finding stuff is actually quite fun (Yay! good point). City development is dull. Resource management is no challenge, just be frugal at first, build sensibly and use support spells, and there is no real resource management challenge. Cities can be taken in one turn by a single unit, regardless of city size. Annoying. The AI cant strategise. It will look for cheap shots, and can see all of your units all of the time. Fact. It'll sit, build, and if it can't just steam roller you will not have a clue and will wait to meet you in a big battle and cheat. The developers knew all this and basically released a lemon because they couldn't be bothered! Everything is lacklustre and let down by the AI. All units are pretty much the same. Leaders have no charchter. Leveling up is dull, both with heroes and units. Diplomacy is pointless, and shallow window dressing that has little effect and even less to enjoy about it. The morale system and how it affects your armies and cities is actually really good, but scant consolation taking the above into account. I'm going to run out of space i think, but i could go on. This is a game with massive potential that is just so fundementally flawed, it's infuriating. Many of these issues, even with the crap AI could have been easily fixed for a better experience, but they clearly couldn't be bothered. It's a lemon, they know it's a lemon (because of how they've fudged the combat), 15 years ago it would have been a lemon. I'm sad i wasted my money on a lemon, i doubt i'll even see it through to the end (Which is unusual for me). Just steer clear and buy something better, there are a myriad of better options young and old! I want to go into much more detail about just how bad this game is and how it could have been easily solved, but when i tried i only got half way through before running out of space. I hope though that you have enough to make a decision. If you read all this and still buy the game, you have less going for you than this game's AI.Peace."
76561198040585332,Not Recommended,226840,12906527,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Igormon,Poor game play. Graphics that would fit a 15 year old game.. Simply disappointing.
76561197984173791,Not Recommended,226840,12798474,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,captainthrall,"Game sucks.  Don't buy it.It's slowwwwwww,and boring.  All of the great things about AOW1&2 are basically gone.  Amazing music? gone.  Unique races? gone.  Fun battle-mode? gone.People say the graphics have improved... which they have, but they're still not on par with other 2014 games.  Wait for this to go on sale for $6.99 or whatever."
76561198169010938,Not Recommended,226840,14273281,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,dianneg58,crappy game no instruction no idea how to get move points no help would love to return game will never play.  Don't bother with it.  YUCK!!!
,Not Recommended,226840,25233599,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,boat,"PRetty deece for a might and magic type game. infested with much less aids than the mighty and magic games, but its still boring and fail."
76561198382636241,Not Recommended,226840,31531005,Posted: 3 May,all,thesiles,Me parece un poco básico. El sistema de juego no es siempre coherente y la mecánica no está bien explicada.Le volveré a dar una oportunidad pero no es de los juegos que te enganchan desde el principio.
76561198037653011,Recommended,226840,31003586,Posted: 7 April,all,TerraBlaze,is k
76561198023076923,Not Recommended,226840,9688738,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Space Ace,"game units design as much as most part of heroes look unpleasant, unsavory comparing even to AOW 2. This spoils impression of the game greatly n doesn't engage in it. Bad 3D modelling looking units much alike n not a beauty at all, nice 2d drawings n sound r not able to save the game. Seems like the game's fate will be the same as disciples 3. AOW 3 is made without love which had AOW 2 shadows of magic:( Total sh!t n waste of money. Very boring n primitive, 10 bucks should be its best price ever."
76561198140869797,Not Recommended,226840,31824266,Posted: 18 May,all,[REDACTED],TrashTried hard to imitate CIV series. Fell flat on its own face.Roaming creatures can take player's city. Unit balance.Not going thru the full list. Freakin' horrendous.0/10
76561198135281376,Not Recommended,226840,23627572,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Woodsy73aus,Very disappointing. Enough said.
76561197974842571,Not Recommended,226840,32793329,Posted: 25 June,all,yacks,"I am getting slaughtered on the the very first map after the tutorial map, on Easy mode.  The enemy hero just lays waste to your armies with non stop fireballs while your hero is limited to level 4.Easy should mean easy.  Uninstalling and deleting from library as I'm past the refund stage."
,Not Recommended,226840,9694387,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Texnoz,"Worst purchase in all of history I've ever done, this game isn't worth much more than €5 and that is because of the story and nothing else.I was expecting something epic, something to actually make me put some time to it but this just made me hate a game like really really bad.I played this for like 30 minutes and I had to exit this s*hit, I don't even want to speak about it.Literally f*ck this game."
76561197998712268,Not Recommended,226840,30253094,Posted: 28 February,all,Acidalias,Not very Wonderful
76561197986770249,Not Recommended,226840,9696904,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,kriegmarine,"Horrendous... just horrendous! Give my money back, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!Default animation of units (moving, attacking, spellcasting, shooting etc) is fast as rabbits coitus! Actually Its so fast that action cam is totally worhtless! And scale! Units so tiny! Orcs, elfs, humans look like ants! You must squint to see who is who"
76561198088745592,Not Recommended,226840,31544434,Posted: 4 May,all,Cryptic Djinni,can i get a refund
,Not Recommended,226840,9693352,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,SpaceButler,"I'm sorry guys, I tried to like this game, but it wouldn't let me play it the way I wanted to.  (w/ friends)Probably the worst mp release for a game I've ever personally experienced.Besides that, the game is well optimised, and it's a blast. But I rarely play games in sp if they have a mp feature.These developers need to really sit down and look at their service, and try to come up with something better.OUR ROUTERS are not the problem."
76561198004382977,Not Recommended,226840,25984053,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Sablestar,"Game just constantly freezes my whole Windows 10 Alienware, after getting deeper into a game.  A shame.."
76561197962752731,Not Recommended,226840,33117811,Posted: 1 July,all,HeHateMe,Play heroes of might and magic 3.  Download TOH medium maps (search toh maps).  This game is terrible & way to slow.
,Not Recommended,226840,33804838,Posted: 26 July,all,archlinux,"This is not the Age of Empires: Age of Wonders :(Otherwise the game is quite ok, magic is fun, but maps and tasks become repetitive and boring"
76561198021645089,Not Recommended,226840,9689193,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Himass,tryit to play the game for 5 hours but every time i click on teknologic page it crashes :(i hope it its a bug but i think it will be a good idea to wait a little to buy the game :Pbut it is a no from me :(
,Not Recommended,226840,30711699,Posted: 24 March,all,Serostasis,"Can we all just agree that lazy graphical upgrades like AOW III are unacceptable? This game is sh it. It's almost LITERALLY IDENTICAL to aow II: shadow magic, except with better graphics, less game play options, and more imbalances.It's dressing itself up to be something better and more unique than aow II, but it's not--it's virtually identical and slightly worse. For example: units are now represented as ""squads"" or ""small armies,"" except they still function EXACTLY like a single individual unit would (their stats do not diminish as they lose hp, as a squad-unit would). So a badly damaged squad with 1 hp still functions EXACTLY like that same squad would with full health.Another thing: ""flanking,"" which sounds tactical in theory, just means that archers can be abused even MORE now, and units that are outnumbered will be disadvantaged MORE than they already were.The game is also so poorly optimised, that even though my system specs EXCEED the recommended requirements, the game overheats my GPU and crashes windows, all because I'm using a laptop. And in case you were wondering: my cooling system is perfectly fine, my GPU is perfectly fine, this game is just sh it.But, you know, I played this for over an hour before windows crashed, so I WILL NOT receive a refund, NOR will I be allowed to speak with a human being about it. Fu ck you, Steam.Stay away from this lazy graphical upgrade. Play aow I or aow II, you'll get the same exact thing, only slightly better, and for free.TL;DR: Fu ck you, whoever developed this game. You are the type of sc um that has propogated lazy sequels like this game."
,Not Recommended,226840,9710614,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Typh,"Interesting Concept, as it stands even on the lowest difficulty, you get thrashed soundly. I can not win a manual fight to save my skin."
76561198031041210,Recommended,226840,9689336,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,jsmit104,"I have learned a very valuable, but irritatingly costly, lesson today--NEVER buy a product from Triumph Studios on Steam or anywhere else again.  I couldn't even register the game because I could not find the mythical key they insist must be used to register with and that's after searching each and every tab and clicking every link on the properties tab and on everything else dealing with the game.  Triumph games has become to me the equivalent of the old Triumph Spitfire sports car.  Very pretty to look at, but doesn't work worth a (bleep).  Installed today...uninstalled today--a new record.I reinstalled the game and it did start and so, in fairness, I'm changing my review from an unqualified negative to a qualified positive.  Unfortunately, I could not find a neutral setting as I'll have to play the game when I get home from work today, otherwise, I'd switch my review to that because while keeping it negative would be unfair to Triumph, a positive review is equally unfair at this time (I'm one of those who automatically disregards one and five star reviews at Amazon).  I still think that this is an unnecessary complication.  I understand the need to protect intellectual property, but Steam in and of itself should prove an adequate enough safeguard for those purchasing from it.  I know Kalypso uses third party DRM, but I've never had problems with it--this is the first time I've had problems with a thrid party DRM here and it definitely left a bad taste in my mouth."
76561197986986214,Not Recommended,226840,26130742,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,twitch.tv/feartheway,"Its not quite good enough for me,first the stuff i love about this game.the music, awesomethe sound fx, greatthe graphics, goodthe setting, legendarythe customisation of maps, amazingthe overall map is great,Elves, awesome amazing deep lore elves of all types,the badreliability, it crashed first time i tried to play it, i can fogive that.hex games,  i just hate hex tile games, they leave me cold, you can turn some of it off, again i could cope with it just.the price, to me its a lot of money for a game i dont think i will playthe deal breaker ugly...the turn based combat just isnt for me,  <<<<I want warhammer total war rts style combat or even better just real time observer combatan epic fight to watch not hex click game,  much like endless space space combat,hope the developers can release something with a more cinematic manual combat mode a bit like endless space  space combat but for ground.   A bit like warhammer total war cinematic mode but without all the micro clicking, ai controlled player units and you get to watch the awesome fight with limited strategic input and buffs.here is an example of a warhammer totalwar cinematic i made... sort of what i am after but with more / easier customisation on maps, units etc etchttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2of4zLmNy2A"
76561198026421975,Not Recommended,226840,9688397,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,cgbspander,Ужасный интерфейс. Отвратительная локализация. Жалкая поделка на CIV5
76561198076743854,Not Recommended,226840,26085397,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Nokirin,"thank god i got my money back, if u search a indepth game then leave if u search a game WIch is so simple it could be a Mobile phone game buy it."
,Not Recommended,226840,23194902,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Osama Bin Sweggin,It's like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of civilisation and total war
,Not Recommended,226840,9689461,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,EXtraDonut,"unicorns blow, and so do minecraft cheeves. 0/10 don't play this game"
76561198024136040,Not Recommended,226840,31399323,Posted: 27 April,all,sgtoxman,"Wow, I don't think I have ever had more frustrating combat system in a RTS.  I keep wanting to click ""Auto Combat"" because I just don't want to deal with it.  The retaliation is just straight rediculous how its done.  And 50% of the time I lose troops when I do Auto Combat with the message saying, ""Very Likely to Win.""  I also have a high end Alienware gaming laptop, and after every 2-3 times I load a saved game, the graphics go to hell.  Ya, I'm done."
76561198076174733,Not Recommended,226840,31333232,Posted: 23 April,all,Xeranas,"Mkay, so it looks like an interesting game, it should be good and fun...this is NOT the case.This game HARDLY plays, at 15 PFS at even the lowest graphics settings, at least for me when all my specs surpass the recomended system specs."
,Not Recommended,226840,26374994,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,monstertp_,"It just feels like a copy of Civilization, I only played it for an hour and after about 10 minutes it just felt repetative"
,Recommended,226840,10276302,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Space Cat,"Definitely lives up to its predecessors greatness; a good mix of what was the old Age of Wonders and Civilizations. Anyone who is a long-running fan of the series should have already pre-ordered this game, if not buy it right now."
76561198031410179,Recommended,226840,9921120,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,webryder,"I love the Age of Wonders franchise and was looking forward to playing this game. I don't know who the other reviewers are, but I found the game to be so slow and laggy (even on my high-end gaming laptop) that it is unplayable. I'm very dissapointed because I was looking forward to this.UPDATE: Finally fixed the lag issues by playing around with the graphics settings. I'm changing my rating because I enjoy the game even though the graphics set-up was ridiculously complicated for a high-end gaming laptop."
76561197980734862,Recommended,226840,10133666,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,All_Outta_Puns,"This is my first Age of Wonders game, and I am very pleased with the purchase. It dosn't bog down too much like other games in the genre tend to, and the learning curve is not too steep. The fantasy setting seems pretty bland, but not so much as to detract from the fun. If you want to try a game in this genre, but Civilizations V seems a little overwhelming for you, this may be a good place to start. Also, it is worth noting that I mostly play multiplayer. The single player I have played is above average in my opinion, but the game is best with friends."
76561197986780274,Recommended,226840,10264409,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,jonzes,"There have been a lot of fantasy TBS games recently but this is the cream of the crop.  Some balance issues at launch that have since been patched with mixed sucess are really the only downside.  At this rate, and with mods added this could easily go from an A- game to A+.  A worthy sucessor to a seriies that to me was always the best fantasy TBS."
76561198029559680,Recommended,226840,10269105,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,IronM0nkey,Best turn based strategy game I have played in years! If you are into fantasy themed strategy games this should be a must have!
,Recommended,226840,10241503,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,AsianCatFarm,"A game all strategy games should atleast give a try.A great blend of civilzation style city building with heros style combat.Albiet not as fleshed out as either, still a fantastic game and definitely worthy of your attention."
76561198021801501,Recommended,226840,10236758,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Avon,"Have been playing Shadow Magic for many years now, so its great to finally have a new sequel. Looking forward to many years of modding ahead"
,Recommended,226840,10310778,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,the Unusual Gamer,"Compared to most Age of Wonders fans I'm still reletively new to the series, having only really entered into the series after Shadow Magic - the stand-alone game prior to AoW3. So forgive me in advance if the story of Evermore doesn't come easily to me, but this game is quite a surprising mixture the past and the future with a healthy dash of Civilization.Anyone who's played the first game will remember the heroes and 'leaders' - if you could call them that - and their upgrade selection will be pleased to find it return in this game with a broader upgrade tree and expanded skills and skill sets. Domain also returns from the Wizard's Throne, however it no longer works in the same way as from the last two games. Domain used to be the primary limiting factor in summoning global spells, this is not the case anymore as spell casting has also returned to its original design. If anything Domain acts exactly like the Civilization IV borders, and for the record looks more or less like Civilization V. Domain is essentially the policital borders around which your cities control the adjacent land and - just like Civilization - once certain unguarded structures, in this case, enter your domain they boost outputs in the city it's closest to.The new game also delivers entirely new ideas introduced in this offering such as independant dwellings, which if you squint really hard looks a lot like another Civilization invention - city-states. Civ5 rolled out minor civilisations as single city entities like Singapore, Vatican City and good ol' Sydney town as their own diplomatic players major civs could either partner with or annex as their own. Dwellings in Age of Wonders III are more or less the same deal, city-states and dwellings, or independant cities, send out quests to the major players and offer rewards to anyone who completes them. The major differences are that a number of Civ quests run for an unlimited time or are otherwise a 30 turn race, and the reward is always a boost in Influence making the state more friendly to you, whereas AoW dwellings run more or less the same as the spirit quests from the two AoW2 games - 10 turns, and the rewards vary from a unit or two to outright ownership of the city. The customization of wizards that's build in-game is one of my personal favorite functions, as a person of raw creativity I get all giddy about customization in games, it's why I still play Minecraft. I've personally begun a quest to create Master of Magic and previous Age of Wonders games.The graphics are sublime and the mechanics are well thought out, going for a more traditional angle at fantasy - classes, no separation between the elves. The only problem I have is the game's editor, and again for a creative person like myself that's a big problem. The editor is very unstable; it will work for a while but not long enough to make any real progress on any scenario, even the smallest map size is affected.4 out of 5 stars. It's actually a bit of a cop out, if the editor were up to scratch I'd happily give it a perfect score."
76561198073659380,Recommended,226840,10311847,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,BlueDaemon,"Having adored the Age of Wonders series when I was young, I was thrilled to learn that a third one was being made. After purchasing this game, all of my hopes for what it could be were made reality. This is hands down one of my favortie strategy games of all time. If you enjoy pure turn based strategy games and are looking for one in a fantasy setting, I cannot recommend this game enough.In addition to the excellent gameplay, I've been delighted by the constant updates and fixes the devs have rolled out since the game's launch. I often play MMO's and I have commented more than once that this strategy game is getting updated more frequently than many subscription based MMO's I've played.Finally, this game is excellent to play multiplayer as it retains its turn based flavor while allowing your friends to complete their turns at the same time. Even when watching another player's battles you are at least seeing the action rather than staring at a non-responsive strategic map and waiting.All in all, this game is a must buy in my opinion!"
,Recommended,226840,10539117,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Havok,This is a fantastic game. You will have to be a little patient if you want to play with friends (as they battle). All in all this game has given me a great deal of satisfaction!
76561198038387569,Recommended,226840,10288853,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,tkalen84,Its a decent games
,Recommended,226840,10292916,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Obviously Cheating,"In my opinion this game is wrongly labeled as 4x game because the main purpose and only mean to achieve victory is to battle, not only battle units based on their stats and rolling dices but also controling them in a deep, tactics like, battleground.The campaign is optional for it is too hard and you can easily get sucked into an impossible game for hours and hours, the real game are the random generated maps where you create your army and skirmish the way to victory, fast and furious fantasy tactical battles with tons of magic and sword."
,Recommended,226840,10290933,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Jonski,"A very time-consuming game with an interesting combat system. The economy aspect has place for improvement, as it is too simple, and not very rewarding. One major annoyance in the campaign mode, is losing upon the death of a secondary hero."
,Recommended,226840,10928764,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,sonicbooming,"If you enjoy games like Civ V but are looking for something a bit different then Age of Wonders III is definitely worth considering. Imagine if you blended Civ V with Diablo III and a little bit of World of Warcraft, Age of Wonders III is what you might end up with. There is a bit of a learning curve at the start of the game which may or may not frustrate some gamers but if you're patient and you play through a few of the campaigns then you'll soon find yourself in all out fantastical battle and conquest. Good hunting."
76561198036961229,Recommended,226840,10927656,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jamesbatchelder,"The game is extremly demanding on your system even at the lowest grafics settings.  It also has crashed twice in my first 10 minutes of playing it.  Found a fix, make it wait for GPU and it stops crashing, after that good."
76561198013729576,Recommended,226840,10881878,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Roger Wilco,"To keep this to the point, the game is in a word, amazing.Part One: **Am I going to like this? / Should I get it?**Mechanics are tight, visuals are breathtaking, and the music is astounding. Skills and units are impressive for just about any playstyle. Enjoy rank and file common soldiers? It's Covered. Enjoy specilized troops to wreak havoc on the field? Have all you can enjoy! Researchable skills are also very easy to understand and have clear cut descriptions. I fully recommend this game!Part Two: **Learning Curve, Single Player, and Customization**This game is very easily picked up after a few minutes of in-game time. If anything is unclear there is a very in depth (and in game) manual with a nice search feature. Having just scratched the surface of the singleplayer game I can say thus far the story is rich and entertaining, any fantasy fan should be able to dive right in. Also, a very in-depth character creator for those of us who enjoy making our own fun! Now there isn't any unit customization, but honestly, I find that features like this only serve to bog a game down.Part Three: **""I NEED HELP!"" & Community**If you do happen to discover a problem with your game the devs are right there on the forums to assist you, there is also a very active community. Thus far as I've read on the forum's there are alot of people out there willing to help and to have some in-game fun with!Part Four: **The fanboy conclusion**I hate to sound like such a fan boy but honestly I've yet to discover something I dislike about this title, and look forward to sinking many more hours into Age of WOnders III !"
76561198006559932,Recommended,226840,10993080,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,stannach,I like this game. HA!
76561198026248677,Recommended,226840,10993739,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Tico12345,"Lacking some of AoW2 's charm but still a very passable game, becoming more addictive the more time I spend on it. There seems to be much more going on in this version and the combat dynamics require a lot more forethought. All in all a solid 7/10 so far."
,Recommended,226840,10994144,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jaal,YOU WANT THIS GAME.
76561198053333463,Recommended,226840,10951258,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,scottmoore96,"My first review here. Frankly, if you everplayed Master of Magic years ago, you should really enjoy this game.Good replayability because of the random/custom map designer.Ruler designer lets you play 'as you want' or to challenge yourself.Good campaign, although a bit linear at times, but that is good. I am having difficulty at 'normal' level.Good 4X game for the money, with a unique theme compared to many 4X games!"
76561197970974605,Recommended,226840,10946294,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,PolloLoco,"Turn-based, manual combat is almost a must (which can slow down MP battles, but it's fun to offer tactical advice to friends), looks great (some weird gliches like carrion birds standing on the ocean floor while fighting at sea, and some god awful clipping on beards and hair), lots of variability (race, specialization, random starting spells), super fun; but just make sure you kill nodes before they start spawning bigger things.  And spiders are evil.  Seriously."
76561198005861262,Recommended,226840,10951762,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Thalmor Representative,"Challenging A.I., fun turn based gameplay, fantasy world, what more could you want in your RTS?"
76561198051862721,Recommended,226840,11119697,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Loupuggg,"Having spent a considerable amount of time playing Civ5, I found Age of Wonders to be both familiar and fresh.  It's a tile-based unit moving city builder / war wager.  With my experience in this gaming genre I was playing within minutes of the download and I easily picked up the mechanics of the game during my first random map.  AoW3 is Civ5 in a fantasy setting, with added elements of role-playing that satisfies my other gaming addictions.  Orcs, elves, dragons, and other beasties are your playthings.  You can create a leader for your army, and pick up loot from your defeated foes to help your various stats.  AoW3 delves deeper than Civ5 in comabt, as you have the option to manually fight the battles rather than letting it auto-play out on your map.  I think the graphics are beautiful and the characters, created and stock, look great too.  With so much to do, including campaign mode and scenarios, not to mention online play, it will be easy to get that hours played number up to the hundreds."
76561198041154773,Recommended,226840,11124799,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Sentaur,A good and challenging game. It's an interesting blend of the Total War and Civilization series.
76561198011010239,Recommended,226840,11013938,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ichy,Just completely awesome. Love the hero customization and itemization as well as the races/classes. Looking forward to mroe updates with more races and classes.
76561197972177805,Recommended,226840,11015091,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ghaell,Pure greatness. 10/10
76561197971425129,Not Recommended,226840,11015177,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,TheStratovarian,"I want to like this game. I do. It has a good mix of what made the Heroes of Might and Magic series fun, with a nice bit of civilization tossed in as well. Intermixing a good hex combat system that has many dynamic aspects, but also a good autobattle system as well. It runs well on older and newer machines, with no hiccups, or issues at all. Stable, and dependable, its a solidly written game that doesn't leak at all like a sieve.This is however, where the game falls apart horribly, the AI openly knows everything, and yet is capable of just doing the same aspects to let you walk all over it in the same vein. Where the campaign is meant to teach you how to play, and the proper way to play each class and race, while letting you find what you want to do for when you step into multiplayer. The lack of online games as well truly hurts the nature of good fun times that could be had.It fails horribly. The game does not teach you, and worse,  the campaign is only a massive exercise in wasted time, potential, and most importantly, fun. Losing happens, but getting trounced because the ai can always put the exact perfect counters because it knows what each stack is far ahead of time, not so. And that is just to cite one minor example.This game, it could be great, it could be amazing. It easily has the ability to be. I would hope, and even want it to be.  However, I regret getting this on the steam sale for $20 dollars. Maybe with patches, with adjustments, this game will be, until then, stay away, and if you really wanted your fix in this vein, get Eador: Master of the broken world."
76561198023756754,Recommended,226840,11093290,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,markiss1979,"This has been, by far, one of the best games I have played recently.  I first was attracted to it because it looked kind of like Civ V, but with fantasy elements.  I found it to be much more than that.  One of my favorite features is the ability to create your own leader with several choices such as class, race and skills.  You also can customize the name and appearance of your leader.  I spent quite some time just customizing the leader I wanted to use in the custom games before I even launched into anything.  The campaign that I have played so far was interesting and enjoyable, but the game really shines when you create a custom map and select the leader you just spent time creating or one of the already prebuilt heroes in the game.My only gripe has been with having to confirm every movement for every unit each turn and when you use simultaneous turns the independent units can move while you are attempting to take your turns creating situations where your unit ends up moving to an empty space when you should have been attaching an independent unit."
76561198004537237,Recommended,226840,11088420,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Astrozombie630,"Similar to Hero's of Might and Magic series, but with more details in combat. I would have liked to seen the resource collecting to be more developed..as well as the equipment your characters can find..but over-all its addictive and entertaining!"
,Recommended,226840,11088991,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,xxMSAxx,"If you love turn based combat then this is a game you dont want to miss. The gameplay is somewhat like a giant chess battle on two fronts. On the over land battle you secure your kingdom and its borders and resources, and the turn based combat engagements come about when armies collide. Think Total War without the RTS. Its a really polished copy of an old series thats a great price regardless of if its on special or not. With so many choices and so much to learn and customize I can already tell at an early stage this is one of those titles that will stay installed for a long time."
,Recommended,226840,10849646,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Baron,i get to make shrek and jesus fight each other in this game 11/10
,Recommended,226840,10639715,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Brier,"Harken back the days of Warlods 3 with a slighty more modern Heroes of Might and Magic twist thrown in. Age of Wonders 3 brings all the classic turn based strategy and hex based tactical goodness together in a well balanced and approachable form.The AI is moderately challenging, and the maps are balanced and interesting. Combat is implemented well, with a decent balance between auto resolution and manual.The campaign is fun and engaging, the story keeping you interested but not totally limiting your play choices.All in all this game is a welcome addition to the Strategy stable and worth taking a look at."
76561198037893275,Recommended,226840,29552028,Posted: 28 January,all,Manabuzz,"This game is Civ5, Lord of the Rings and X-com combined. I love this game, it's depth, high fantasy and RPG elements are a perfect combination. Every time you play this you will learn something new, excellent game!"
76561198058777415,Recommended,226840,29571523,Posted: 29 January,all,Cyrant,"This game is great, especially when you play it with friends. The generated maps really do tell stories, allow for lots of customization to cater many different approaches and bring many hours that fly by.I really hope the developer will take the time to finally sort out some netcode problems when connecting to each other even in matches with participants that have lower latency, then this game is straight perfect in my view."
76561198018806908,Recommended,226840,17235668,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,mcynowa,"An excellent fantasy battle game.  Light city management but deep tactical battle options.  The combination of choosing your leader's race and class allows for interesting synergies and vulnerabilities.  I recommend getting the complete series to experience all of the different units, skills, items and spells.  The random map generator allows for infinite replayability and is very customisable."
,Recommended,226840,17177051,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Pineapple Pizza,"Age of Wonders 3 is a turn-based 4X (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate) fantasy strategy game where you found/build cities, level up heroes and send large armies into battle. Think of it as kind of like a cross between the Civilization series (mostly the city-building aspect) and the Heroes of Might and Magic series (combat, clearing out independent units, etc.).There are single-player story campaigns, like in the Heroes of Might and Magic series, though I have not played through most of them. I mostly play sandbox games, typically online with my buddies. Sandbox games are played on randomly generated maps and can be customized for different degrees of land/ocean ratios, amounts of pre-made roads, strength of independent units, etc. In sandbox games, whether single or multiplayer, you get to choose what race and class your main hero (known as your Leader) will be. After that, you are offered randomized heroes from whatever races you have in your empire at the time.For multiplayer games, there are various options. You can play a normal peer-to-peer game with classic or simultaneous turns. There is also play by e-mail style games where you get an e-mail when it's your turn, allow the game to be downloaded from the server to your computer, take your turn, then have it automatically uploaded to the server for the next player.Cities are managed by constructing buildings that have various effects and by letting their population grow, thereby letting the city expand and cover more territory. Territory allows you to include various resource structures on the strategic map for additional resource production.Resource structures can be either guarded by independent units on the strategic map, or be more like a small dungeon where hostile units inside must be defeated. After a successful battle for a resource structure, one is usually awarded gold, mana, hero equipment, research points or, in rare cases, spells.Combat can either be auto-resolved (not recommended unless you have a clear advantage) or manually handled.In manual combat, the battle takes place on a hex-based battlefield similar to that of old Heroes of Might and Magic games, only a lot bigger. The battlefield will also look different, and sometime have different spell effects present, depending on the terrain, resource structures or other things present on the strategic map hex where battle was initiated.The diplomacy system is very basic and is mostly about making peace/war/alliances, gifting resources and such. You can also encounter independent NPC ""cities"" on the map that you can make peace with and even convince them to become your vassals or join your empire.Positives:- Very good turn-based combat.- Large variety of creatures with interesting passive and active abilities.- Highly varied races and classes, each with their respective strengths, weaknesses and playstyles.- Competent city management.- Pretty graphics (units, spell effects, terrain, etc.) on the strategic map.- If you zoom out enough, it fades into a world view which looks like a cool painted map :)- Decent music.- Excellent expansions.Negatives:- In combat, plenty of units use their melee weapons even for ranged attack animations, which looks a bit weird.- Research is not necessarily very interesting, though it is functional.- The vassal system is interesting, but at the time of this writing they seem a bit overpowered and if you get a couple of them early enough, it can really snowball from there, making you (or someone else) too powerful.- The AI is not great. It's provides an ok challenge on King level, but even one step down from that, an experienced player can expand and recruit vassals fast enough that the AI can't keep up.- The built-in reference (called Tome of Wonders) does not necessarily include all the information you might want. This means that something like ~95% of what you can do in the game is pretty easy to learn, but the remaining ~5% is not explained and feels a bit obscure.It's not perfect, but you can have a lot of fun with it, especially if you get a few friends to play with. If you buy it, I would strongly suggest that you buy the expansions, as well, as they add more starting race choices and interesting things like that."
,Recommended,226840,17209003,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Synn,"This is a fantastic turn based fantasy strategy game very much in the spirit of Master of Magic. It doesn't have very deep city building or anything like that, in fact in a lot of ways the game is pretty simple. But the simple aspects of the game combines very well to create a rich and deep experience.You never really feel overwhelmed or bogged down yet you also tend to always feel like you have important decisions to make even in the late game. It's a superb game by a developer that seems commited to supporting it with balance patches and new content down the road."
76561198007750793,Recommended,226840,17271741,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,desoi,"Magnificient strategy and exploration. Hadn't played AoW series before this game; this reminds me of HoMM 3 greatly. Definitely a great pick up for early HoMM fans.First two campaigns from the vanilla are done now and going for the third, golden realms."
76561198006557787,Recommended,226840,17155698,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,zenparadox,"Very quick review, and only from the point of view of campaigns/simgle player experience.Love the style of game, but it got grindier than a munted punters jaw at a rave.It feels like they made some maps massive to create the illusion of depth, and after about the third or fourth mission in both campaigns finishing them became an exercise in diminishing returns.If you like repeating the same thing over and over on maps that should be 2/3 to 1/2 the size they are trowards the end, this is your thinig.I still enjoyed the game, just that they opted for massive maps as an illusion of depth, rather than creating actual depth.barely recommmended, it gets really repetive in the campaign. Got it at 65% off, would have been dissapointed if had paid more."
76561197963973496,Recommended,226840,17190203,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,[GA] Doops,"Amazing 4x fantasy strategy game! Developed by the ORIGINAL developers Triumph Studios.Wicked content, DLC expansions only make it more amazing! do it!"
,Recommended,226840,17227458,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,l3illdoom,"Simply an amazing strategy and tactical game. It's a fantasy-based Civ with less fluffy alternate win conditions and city building, and a much more detailed and satisfying combat element that takes place on a tactical battlefield with a plethora of spells and unit abilities to take advantage of.The new class system is meaningful and makes a significant difference in how you play, shaping your strategy while not committing you to a single path.If you're a fan of the series, it certainly lives up to the original games. If you haven't played the originals but enjoy strategy and/or tactical games, buy this now. It's worth full retail and is an absolute steal when on sale.Near infinite replayability due to the random map generator, combinations of class and race, different game ""paces"", etc. You'll have a blast."
76561198037912576,Recommended,226840,16711625,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,NewYokosukaHarborForkliftRacer,"I love this game it's very fun and has high replayability and the developers take the time to work with the community and consider their feedback to make improvements. My only problem currently is with the pricing model. A questionable gripe at best for such a great game but here's my reasoning.I don't want to sound cheap the money is deserved. When I first bought this game it was $40.00 and the first xpack was $12.00 ($52.00), now the new xpack is $19.99 this would mean a total cost for initial supporters of $72.00 - $80.00. However the entire game went on sale with all the expansions including $7.00 of additional content I haven't purchased yet for $59.99.It's not that I can't afford it but I haven't purchased the ELE pack for this reason mainly. It makes me feel like I am paying more so new players can come buy the game cheaper and this isn't the first time/developer this has happened with, which is why I do like the idea of Season Pass.Aside from pricing the balance and uniqueness of each race and the updates that the developers are releasing are great. I really find AOW3 to be one of my favorite strategy games. Anywhere I've found a lack of depth can be made up for with extensive game set-up options or changing the map size to adjust length and pace of play. The AI can be a little wonky/predictable but it has also seen updates despite the developers stating that AI was not something they wanted to spend resources on. Here again they have delivered unexpectedly. I would highly recommend AOW3.At the current price newcomers get more content than early backers did. The developement seems to be ongoing which is always a huge plus. Winding down with a game or two of Age after a day of work is a good feeling. The turnbased email games that have been implemented is also a great way to allow players with different availability to enjoy AOW. I enjoy RTS but the pace AOW provides, being turnbased, is a really refreshing change of pace. I recommend using ""classic turns"" with the AI. For a more RTS feel you can choose Simultaneous Turns."
76561198039941600,Recommended,226840,17498775,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Iceman,4.5 OUTOF 5 STARS Great replayability. lots of customization options. Mostlyplaying random maps I haven't finished the single player campaigns.
76561198019133558,Recommended,226840,17353506,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Shauny Boy,"Haven't played for long yet, but feels enough like the previous AOW games to be familiar and easy to pick up, while having enough new ideas to be something fresh and looks very nice"
76561198168447825,Recommended,226840,17465291,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,tamarlence,"After playing more than 60 hours on this game in a week i feel comfortable giving a decent review. Overall it is a great strategy game that i remember growing up with, having all 3 age of wonders game (the first two i do not own on steam). I would recommend getting the second one. Unfortunatly do not get it on steam as i see it has bug issues sadly. There are some minor things in the game however that just anger me and wish it was more like age of wonders 2. Personally i still love age of wonders 2 more than 3, but 3 is almost as good and still a lot of fun to play.Pros:~There is alot more to do and the campaign has an interesting story~Multiple individuals in a unit to feel like its an actual army~Different leader classes to recruit unique armies and spells~for as large as this game is, the graphics are great, colorful, and clear~music and gameplay style is enjoyable~online play with friendsCons:~Only 6 playable races without DLC's!! Seriously age of wonders 2 had 12 playable races!~Each race kind of has the cookie cutter feel to it. at least in age of wonders 2 the races had some more unique and    personalized units to give them all an advantage and disadvantage on how you played.~The game does have a chance to crash once in awhile, but for me its rare. if you got a slow computer, DO NOT click auto battle when you are invading a castle with more than 20 units! it will freeze, crash, or black screen on you.~Why are the dark elves not in this game? They refurance them in it but they arent playable even in the DLC's and you dont encounter them on maps.~Towns and cities are even more reliant upon expanding territory. you can only keep a mine or node on the map if it is in your territory which i find is BS as that was not the case in earlier games.~ SPOILER ALERT. dont read if you have played age of wonders 1 or 2 past this point.........Archons are extinct sorta... :("
76561198230737444,Recommended,226840,17416526,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Hanjin Hanamura,"I can say, without a doubt, that this game is worth buying for dedicated strategy players.If you make a massive session, eight players on a very large map, you had better be ready to spend DAYS on one world state. All of the races have their own unique troops, as does each class, but the real fun comes from blending those two factors to make the strongest army possible.Combat truely feels like it is betwen armies, whith surrounding units getting involved in the battle if they are afiliated with either side. There can be a total of 7 groups fighting in any battle, with each group containing up to 6 units, for up to 42 units being used in major, frequently player-versus-player battles.There is an auto-combat option, but with startegic thinking, you can turn a ""very Likely Defeat"" into victory by using spells and combat tactics against the various units- your own mind is your greatet weapon, as it SHOULD be in a strategy game.There are dungeons containing resources and trasure for you to find and raid, and there are unique structures you can only build when conquered dungeons are in a city's ""area of influence.""Random NPC cities can pop up, allowing you to be a conquerer or a uniter, combining other races into your army to make a dirverse fighting force. Some of thse cities have races that are not usually usable by the player. For example, there can be cities of trolls and giants, and you can use those races after conquering those cities.If you want a political map or something for a background, if you zoom out enough a map marking the enviroment and the various cities in your known area will appear in the style of a fanstasy paper map.You can create custom heroes by combining the previously mentioned races and classes with various skill affinites, such a using Creation magic or being an Explorer to create your own unique hero and thus a unique civilization for your army.All in all, this game is perfect for dedicated stategy fans, but sessions can take DAYS to complete, and the random, unafiliated units can be your downfall if you ignore them for too long."
76561197993295608,Recommended,226840,17337551,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,JakeTheTall,Solid fantasy conquest game.
,Recommended,226840,17704056,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,hard_caliber,Unicorns and fairies round out my troop strategy.
76561198033882786,Recommended,226840,17664379,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,qgtanton,Good game. I liked the Age of Wonders II and this is better from it.
,Recommended,226840,17385482,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,jarcionek,"Great mix of Civilization and Heroes of Might and Magic. Nice music, not the worst graphics. I haven't found any bugs which is quite unusual in games nowadays."
76561198027032965,Recommended,226840,17385666,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Mr. Phuzzles,A lot more in depth than I first assumed. A nice twist compared to most other games in its genre
76561198054856496,Recommended,226840,16752725,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,whosays543,"There are so many excellent things to recommend this game to anyone. The gameplay, a more battle-focused 4x with facinating combat mechanics. The quality of content provided by the development team, which has continued to add things to the game, and whose DLC was very much worth a buy (as others have said, the Eternal Lords DLC is basically an expansion pack). Or even the little touches that one finds when reading up on a unit's lore (apparently lions are safer livestock than chickens, go figure)For anyone who enjoys a militaristic 4x, with admittedly less complexity than others (it's not exactly a grand strategy game), this game is a wonderful adventure."
,Recommended,226840,16625744,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Ellye,"Pretty good war-focused semi-4X game.Triumph's post-launch support is fantastic, the free patches greatly enhanced the game, and the paid DLCs are well worth the money while still not being mandatory."
76561198007235422,Recommended,226840,16682859,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Kazox,Civilizations and HOMM in one game... what else could you ask for!?  This game is a lot of fun and it's highly recommended!
76561198031636536,Recommended,226840,10766662,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Oleg_okay,"Хорошая игра в фэнтези стиле. Неплохие тактические бои в которых очень важно позиционирование отрядов, тип урона, тип земли, мораль и все такое. Есть возможность сражаться с противниками как улучшая города и войска так и прокачивая героев, разменивая эти самые войска ради артефактов."
76561197997898951,Recommended,226840,16380336,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Papa Giuseppe,"Great game, just beware that once you get to Emperor level AI it cheats in every way imaginable.But hopefully by the time you get to that AI level you have some friends to play against instead.-edit- game is currently 75% off during the steam sale. BUY IT!"
76561198024116603,Recommended,226840,16612478,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Richh,GREAT GAME ...... ITS EVERY THING I BEEN LOOKING FOR ...ITS ONE OF THOSE .. SUNDAY MORNING DOWNLOADS THAT YOULL GIVE IT A SHOT JUST TO SEE HOW IT IS                ...THEN NEXT THING U KNOW IT MONDAY AT 6AM AND UR LATE FOR WORK.... UM DID I FEED THE DOG...
,Recommended,226840,16613877,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gerend,"This is the best empire creating turn based strategy I've ever played, everything you wish was there in other games IS there, there are almost no bugs to be encountered(so far) and the online play is beyond well done. 11/10 is to common a rating on steam so I will call it godlike and a must buy for anyone who has ever liked heroes of might and magic, civ, or total war."
,Recommended,226840,16589807,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rango,Awesome Game !!!Like the old ones but much better !!!
,Recommended,226840,16641792,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rocket,Im so sorry for my life...buy this game = lose my lifemake u want to play it over and over
76561198030737383,Recommended,226840,16741347,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,hawglover,This game is awesome!  I can play coop hotseat with my son.  For me that is the most important thing.  Combat and empire building are both fun and do not seem tedious to us...  Now just make a game like this with space ships and it would be absolutely perfect!
76561198001378775,Recommended,226840,16653358,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MechanicBread,"Great game, tactical combat is fun with a lot of elements such as line of site penalties for ranged units, the campaign could maybe do with a touch more empire building but all in all a very good game."
76561198014040210,Recommended,226840,16658937,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Electric Ferret,"I enjoy 4X games so I thought I would give this a try.  I got the Bundle with all the expansions on a Steam Sale.I did read quite a few of the Negative reviews trying to make my mind up about it.  After playing the game for several days I think a lot of the Nagatives were for earlier versions.  The gameplay feels pretty polished (to me) with the DLC content and the various free patches that have been released by the developer.As a 4X type game (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit and eXteminate) this one places heavy emphasis on the eXterminate.  It's all about the Units.  Personally, I'm liking that.  I don't need to get into the minutia of looking over city spreadsheets.  The minutia in this game takes place out on the battlefield with the addition of the Strategic Combat.I love Civilization as a game but in Civilization 5 the A.I. is just terrible bad at mixed-unit tactics.  The A.I. in Age of Wonders 3 does a decent job with it on the Strategic battlefield.Also, on the eXplore side, I kind of like the early game dungeon and world exploring aspect of it.  It's kind of nifty gearing up the heros that lead the armies, however in practice I don't find any of the gear game changing.  That is, a well geared hero is still going down if it gets flanked or surrounded on the battlefield.Anyways, all in all I've very much enjoyed the time spent with Age of Wonders 3 so far.  Would conquer the world with an empire of undead hobbits again!"
,Recommended,226840,16766786,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Loman,"If you like this genre of games you will like this game.If you like previous Age of Wonders games, you're getting more of the same, you will like this game.If you like MULTIPLAYER you will be wasting $70.00 after buying the core game and it's expansions. I've had this game for over a year and half now, over 40 hours spent in it. At least 10 of those hours spent trying to get multiplayer to work.Of course a work around is just to use Hamachi and play that way. But this is 2015, when i spend $70 on a game advertizing online multiplayer, I expect it to work. Not to use 3rd party software. Not to have to have a link to their support page from inside the game when I click online multiplayer just to follow a step by step guide on how get multiplayer to work. And if that guide doesn't work, you're on your own. This sort of stuff was accepable in the 90s because there was very little choice on what to play on PC. in 2015, this is unacceptable.Overall if you want a single player experience, the game is totally worth it.if you want to play with your friends, I CAUTION THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF THIS. It may work for you and it may not.All it did for me was leave a bitter sour taste in my mouth and totally derailed any excitement and enthusiasm I had for this game, this franchise and this genre of game."
,Recommended,226840,16769284,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Luciu5,"I was really wary of this game after reading reviews.  I debated picking this up over and over again and finally decided to do so, only because of Steam's new return policy.  At 10 hours in, I had to decide if I was keeping it or not, and honestly, I was on the fence at that point.  It feels a lot like an improved version of HOMM (which I'm not a fan of.)I decided to stick with it, and boy do I not regret that!  I've been playing the campaign, and by the end of the second scenario (3rd counting the tuturial), I was having epic battles with Dragons and Giants and Goblin pikemen and Draconian shamans, and it is GLORIOUS.I played a lot of Civ and I'm primarily a domination player.  This game fits my playstyle perfectly.  It is weaker on the empire managment side.  Diplomacy, so far, seems to be something easily ignored.  But the empire management is serviceable, though very combat focused in nature.  If you love CiV domination or you love tactical combat, this game is perfect for you.9/10"
76561198044639949,Recommended,226840,30561696,Posted: 16 March,all,bri.0044,"Took me a while to get into it but man this game fits me perfectly, really enjoy it. Has so many great things hard to list them all. If you enjoy civ games with might & magic / fallen enchantress buy this game."
,Recommended,226840,10761065,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Vlad Lenn,Add Civilization to Heroes and you have Age of Wonders - a paradise for any strategist/tactician.
76561198017741506,Recommended,226840,13008003,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,. bereal73 .,"A worthy sequel for fans of Shadow Magic that is still one of my favorite games in the turn-based fantasy genre. However, it would not hurt having more races, objects and more varied locations and quests. The game is most fun in the exploration stage, early on to then feel a little repetitive later in the game."
76561198106272670,Recommended,226840,17547055,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,SupaJustified,"I enjoyed this game for 192 hours, but somehow it got old and repetive.  I liked the story and the action, except for how the game encourages you to rush in a just kill your objective.  It spammed forces against you if it didn't."
76561197985552030,Recommended,226840,17606071,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,InstantRegrets,An awesome Strategic RPG turn based game would recommend it to anyone that likes fantasy and 4X games.
,Recommended,226840,16528488,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Chocolate Thunder,Buy dis
76561197971450461,Recommended,226840,16306093,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Leto Tha Sec0nd,"From all the turn based fantasy games I always found the Age of Wonders series the best by far. The mixture of races and their units that you could force to work together appealed to me greatly. Age of Wonders III is the long awaited 4th game in the series and Triumph Studios did it again.In this iteration you can not only choose your race and spheres but you can now also pick a class. The class is what defines your style of play. They are very diverse and very well implemented into the game.Races are no longer inherent good, evil or neutral, neither are leaders. This all got replaces with the new happiness system, which influences not only moral but also city growth, city income, chance to crit or fumble in combat, etc... Happiness is crucial, it is a neat replacement for the removed mechanics that the original Age of Wonders series had.This game especially shines when playing a random map. There so many options to influence how you want to play and approach a map that I don't even know where to start.If there was only one game I could take with me on a spaceship to Mars, this would be it.I recommend getting every DLC, they are absolutely worth it, they only improve the base game and are packed with content."
,Recommended,226840,16374149,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ty G,Just 1 more turn... 3 hours later
76561198038780550,Recommended,226840,16281767,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Q-Dizzle,Decent game
,Recommended,226840,15136106,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ESorrow,Good game! and looking forward the new DLC bring more races.
,Recommended,226840,16912369,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Synistry,Decent game.
76561198027358747,Recommended,226840,16917074,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,RamsesIII,"Totally nice strategy+tactics game, which is still (mid 2015) being improved with patches (adding features even, not merely bug-fixes).The DLC:s improve the game further, making it rather great, if you like this sort of thing (turn based, tactical combat)."
76561198053491735,Recommended,226840,16919059,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Jathar,"Mac users beware! On the mac, there are a ton of bugs, the most annoying of which was one where windows and dialogs would display as 90% transparent, rendering them almost unreadable. For me, this makes the game on mac nearly unplayable, or at least impossible to enjoy.That said, I love this game. Probably one of my all-time favorite 4X games. Just play it on Windows, or you will be banging your head against your keyboard in frustration."
,Recommended,226840,17124141,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Dr. Smiles,"First, let me say that I didn't care for the game until the last DLC release came out.  I am a busy person, and have used Play by Email (PBEM) on any 4X game that has it. Lately they have come up withe Sever concept, where the server tells you it is your turn, and you upload your save game to that server.   All great ideas!  We have to have more of that kind of multiplayer.How else can you get 8 of your friends to play a race in a Large Map in Age of Wonders 3?  No way could you coordinate that, so we have to have Play by email or some varient.Thanks for the PBEM in your 3rd DLC!  Now I can play the game with friends as it should be played. Now just get teh PBEM out of Beta status!"
76561198082069507,Recommended,226840,17125438,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,starwarclon,its civ minus all victory excpt destroy allstill fun
76561198043549889,Recommended,226840,17127586,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,gregg.noble14,Very well done Turn-based strategy.
,Recommended,226840,17806565,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Sword,"The best turn based strategy game I have ever played in my entire life. Seige,support,ranged,beserk,assasin,misc troops and much more, perfect balance on the resource sytem. 11/10."
,Recommended,226840,11451219,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,camm1231,"Age of Wonders 3 is very good, just make sure you use a Steam controller!"
76561198047670066,Recommended,226840,13553062,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ProblemSir,"I have been waiting for the game for AGES, literally, AGES :) And well...to be honest: battle mechanics: nice. Graphics: nice. And...thats all about the nice part.The game in single is all about spamming towns and rushing before AI spams milions or bilions of units in their towns...Once you get T4 all other units from lower tiers are useless. The magic is kind of strong - ruins balance for me.After the AoW2 shadow magic this sequel is a great fail to me - greatly UNDER expectations. I do not recommend.EDITAlmost 2 years have passed, the game was patched and in fact the way to T4 was made a bit longer. This let play longer with lower level units. The main flaw of the game was not deleted nor cured, but a bit covered. This is enough to feel the satisfaction from play - and that's what it's all about :)"
,Recommended,226840,16816628,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Guido,good game combines civ v with a battleing system
76561198062521285,Recommended,226840,16832870,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Crackpotbeatle,"Fantastic game, would definitely recommend. Playing against the AI is okay, even on the hardest difficulty, isn't very hard, however this is the type of game that improves infinitely when you play vs. humans. Huge strategic scope and immersive gameplay."
76561198083296161,Recommended,226840,10957976,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Zafer Helvacı,"A wonderful sequel of AoW series, loved the campaign and the changes like:- Flanking (If you hit enemy from behind, you get bonus damage and enemy does not retaliate) gives you more advantage on tactical combats.-Seeing old friend in game like Bormac, Merlin etc.-Fantastic soundtracks from Michel van der Bos- He is a legend-. There are some remastered songs like Clouds and Feuds which was used in AoW1. Gave me chills to remember good old times..-If you got friends playing, nice co-op gives you the best experience.Totally worth buying.."
76561198025501128,Recommended,226840,16904745,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Merlinone ♛,If you liked Heroes of Might and Magic growing up you'll like this game
,Recommended,226840,16906795,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,nspannaus,"""Master of Magic"" for 2015.Buy it."
,Recommended,226840,16848752,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,sNÄKSI,.
76561197968780022,Recommended,226840,16303146,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Ultack,Well balanced turn base base game with loads to offer.   You will get hours of fun for your money and that is guaranteed.
,Recommended,226840,16342887,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,❗️❗️ Annex ❗️❗,Great game!
76561197970388274,Recommended,226840,11020439,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Zyco,This is a really good game.. super addicted already
76561198141204736,Not Recommended,226840,11802020,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,dieselguru,"I was a huge age of wonders fan, I spent hundreds of hours playing shadowmagic and loved the game. When I discovered this game was avaliable on steam I immediatly bought it and almost as fast I was greatly disappointed by it.It is an good looing and bug free game, but its also a very dumbed down version of what age of wonders always was. I simply find this game very boring, the races kinda suck and the variety is terrible."
76561198006562154,Recommended,226840,12575385,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,space,As close to a new master of magic as theve come.
76561198030097573,Recommended,226840,10965765,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ロリコン神様,"Definetely a must buy for any Civilization fans, good graphics, runs well, rebindable keys, what more could a pc gamer like myself ask for. A mixture of civilization and heroes of might and magic style gameplay, definetely worth the price."
76561198024457492,Recommended,226840,10980390,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,thomas,It's an awesome game doing about evrything right
76561197993771372,Recommended,226840,10604880,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gemene Lepel,"Still wondering whether this was worth the pre-order. Combat mechanics are fun and well thought out, but the AI seems to be really lacking. Doesn't attack in force, leaves nodes uncaptured, etc. Usually I just fight a team of emperor AI's to keep up the challenge."
76561198006844203,Recommended,226840,10903634,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,AFlyingKangaroo,Very good. Get it.
76561198011733036,Recommended,226840,10891777,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,CallMeBanaynayz,"Playing Civ 5 made me want to play this seeing that they seemed like they had similar play styles. When i started playing the game I realized I enjoyed it even more than Civ 5. Many more features and attributes that i had never seen before. I could play it forever, it has an emmense amount of replayability. Even if you don't want to play the enriched storyline, you can play normal games and even customize your leader thoroughly. The fantasy is seen throughout but even you're not a big fantasy fan (which i don't necessarily consider myself one) you would still enjoy the more modernized factions. 10/10"
76561198095715449,Recommended,226840,10895840,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,juggernaut3131,"fun, love it, so much to do"
76561197986455590,Not Recommended,226840,10943407,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,0x90,"It""s not bad, just extremely tedious for first-timers to get into. The first map took two hours of trial and error combined with reading dozens of pages of instructions. When the second map continued the same pattern, I couldn""t get myself to invest any more time. With a good tutorial, this may be a good game."
76561197970974605,Recommended,226840,10946295,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,PolloLoco,"Turn-based, manual combat is almost a must (which can slow down MP battles, but it's fun to offer tactical advice to friends), looks great (some weird gliches like carrion birds standing on the ocean floor while fighting at sea, and some god awful clipping on beards and hair), lots of variability (race, specialization, random starting spells), super fun; but just make sure you kill nodes before they start spawning bigger things.  And spiders are evil.  Seriously."
,Recommended,226840,10911523,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Redmage3555,Sid Meier's Total Heroes of Might and Magic War sure lives up to it's name.
76561197970730002,Recommended,226840,10912030,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,GreenPowerVan,Good throw back to the original series
76561197960642397,Recommended,226840,10915209,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Xen,This game has brought me back to the days of when I first played AoW. It's is a worthy sequel in the AoW Series.It's must play for anyone who enjoys these types of games.Thumbs up!!
76561198008603270,Recommended,226840,10899213,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gman,"Good game, but not much variety between Races."
76561197986293023,Recommended,226840,10901192,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,sunkaer,"Age of Wonders III is pretty good, city building of civilization with the combat from heroes of might and magic games"
76561198032072324,Recommended,226840,9742094,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Kahvipannu,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! It's like Civ, It eats time... I warned you.On serious note, this game makes me feel the same as HOMM 3 did back in days, it has the same vibe, but with good ammount of influence from Civ V thrown in to it, tons of content, very customable, and... Battles are really really good.It is just damn good, if you love 4ex games, like HOMM 3, this is a must and you will feel right at home. Now if you excuse me, I will launch this game again, play one more turn... until my head hits the floor."
76561197970639512,Recommended,226840,10778799,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Warlok,"Fewer races out of the gate than AoW 2, but an absolutely splendidly deep foundation for further expansion, which apparently is in the pipe.Nice interaction between character class and faction choice. An elegant sum. Very smart, triple A title.UPDATE December 2014: Cooperative multiplayer is rock-solid and absolutely a wonderful counterpart to more conventional cooperative first-person shooting (Payday 2 etc.)."
76561197982155680,Recommended,226840,9886014,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,ferrata_vi,"Update to my last -- after playing this game for another day, my opinion has only changed for the better.  What a fantastic game this is!If you like turn based strategy, tactical fights, empire building, exploration, adventure... buy this game!!!!-----------------------------------------------------------------------------I've read mostly great reviews for this game, and being a fan of the original AoW (and somewhat a fan of AoW2), I'm pleased that this game takes a lot of the best features of both an combines them.  Really, this game is like a souped-up version of the original, with a lot of the good ideas from AoW2 added in.  Unfortunately, you don't get the full range of races you got with AoW, though I suppose a supplementary release could include them.Quite frankly, after being very very disappointed with Stardock's Elemental games, I'm glad this one turned out as well as it did.  I'm enjoying it so far.The whole time I'm playing I'm thinking of the equation:(Age of Wonders + (Best Features of AoW2)) + (Fallen Enchantress - SUCK) = AoW3"
76561198042648923,Recommended,226840,9888062,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Collace,"A really solid sequal to a childhood favourite, employing a majority of the old tactics whilst providing further balance to the teams. Recommended to all who love AoW 1&2."
,Recommended,226840,9888472,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Testbot5000,This wonderfully complex strategygame is a combination of civilization and Heroes of might and magic. Would buy agian.
76561198088415942,Recommended,226840,10836562,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Emeyin,"Wow... GREAT Game!!!  The graphics are great, the world management is good and I love how the tactical combat was done.  Leader customization is an A+.  I'm very impressed and many 4x games have been ruined for me after playing this game.  It has raised the bar.Things that could make the game better - Unit customization would be a dream come true.  Something as simple as being able to name your units and even changing their looks would go a long way.  Kill counts for each unit would add to the roleplay aspect ala XCOM.  More scenarios would be nice but thankfully there is a random map generator for replayability.  Lastly, being able to add Heroes that you created into the pool of Heroes that are recruitable in game.I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,226840,10837980,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MasterOFDefeat,"I absolutely LOVE this game! It plays a lot like Civilization, but it also has a deep storyline and an RPG presence as well! Was totally worth what I paid for it although I would have paid full retail for it, but glad I got it during the Steam Summer Sale! It also loads really fast and has caused no issues on my hardware. My rig runs this like a dream! Completely blown away by this game!"
,Recommended,226840,10838359,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Moza,"A fan of the first 2 installments many mnay years ago and the 3rd is just as addictive with (at the time of writing) an hour or so played but I'll get many hours of fun out of this game. Excellent game,"
,Recommended,226840,10838738,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gilgamesh,An amazing Turn based strategy game!
76561198035649839,Recommended,226840,10829430,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mtime6,"Amazing, so amazing that I am acutally looking forward to DLC in a video game for the first time in awhile.Things that need to be improved1.) Diplomacy2.) More city development options. For example, building a market to generate gold, or even custom cities, similar to custom leaders.These fixes that are needed are minor, the game itself does not have any large bugs.Overall, I give this game a 9.5/10"
76561198081441041,Recommended,226840,10832112,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kiro,"Totally worth getting if you like any kind of strategy and/or Fantasy. The ability to mix different races with the various classes can make for very interesting and hillarious combos, like Goblin Crusaders and bearded Dwarven Succubi."
76561197961567942,Not Recommended,226840,10815563,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sh@,"I have a relatively new and well-equipped PC which can play numerous modern games (Rome II, Wildstar, Wolfenstein, etc.) without any problems. For some reason this game in particular causes random and frequent blue screens of death which require total reboot of my computer. That's completely unacceptable in my opinion, and really just makes the game unplayable. I've checked CPU and GPU temperatures and it's not overstressing my system, it just completely crashes for some reason at random times. It's really unfortunate, because I've been a fan of this series every since the first AoW through to Shadow Magic."
76561197977866623,Recommended,226840,13433172,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Karnil Vark Khaitan,really great game
,Recommended,226840,27162442,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ujifgc,Incredible replayability of the campaigns and skirmish maps.
,Recommended,226840,27060225,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bardamu,"Age of Wonders III is a gem with updates more than 2,5 years after his release. The Linux port works flawlessly."
,Recommended,226840,27135441,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GABEN,go gaben
,Recommended,226840,27362706,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lockindal,One more turn..............
76561198035663093,Recommended,226840,27292282,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Archaon the Neverchosen,Very good turn based strategy/RPG combo.
76561198064036672,Recommended,226840,27132902,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Delicious Banchou,"I kind of found this game by accident while browsing and noticing that it was still being updated with more (free) content several years after it came out. The developers don't seem to be able to release more DLC for it, although they would like to. As a compromise they opened the game up for modding so others could do what they could not.The game itself is pretty much heroes of might and magic (as I remember it) with a ton of variety. This is not a civ game, it is a map based rpg. I find myself playing a lot. Everytime you restart a map, your beginning spells change and the ones who show up for training seem random. This might be frustrating for some but I appreciate the minor randomness it brings."
76561198075376820,Recommended,226840,26969462,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Elbragkol,Excellent game! The best I have ever played in this category. The character customization also makes it a more personal experience. The magic versus technology theme is well thought out and makes the campaigns fun.
76561197990675646,Recommended,226840,10785583,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,eijanaika,I have been a fan of AoW series for some time. AoWIII is a solid addition to the franchise.
76561198070538449,Recommended,226840,26998127,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kestrel,"A fantistic mix of Heroes of Might and Magic, and Civilization. It is so much fun to play with a friend!"
76561197968934917,Recommended,226840,10810649,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TigerWild,"An amazing turn based strategy. It most closely compares to Heroes of Might an Magic, but it ups the ante significantly from a fantasy chess like experience to a warlike experience. This game is a massive update from the original 3 Age of Wonders games. All 3 previous were great, and I played them all for hundreds of hours. This game takes the best of the originals, speeds up the game engine, adds 3D and stunning graphics, and grants you multiplayer that is smooth, and sophisticated.The game gives you the opportunity to show off your abilities with strategy in war. For example if you rely soley on numbers of troops and go to war letting the computer do autocombat for you, then combat is a straight forward process of math with a minor amount of random probability assisting the outcome. However, as is true in real life, if you take control of combat, position your troops well, and take both advantage of your troops strengths while playing on your enemies weaknesses then a very small set of troops can successfully take out a superior force.This game has a lot of replayability. Check it out!"
,Recommended,226840,10811062,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Trideon,"Just what the doctor ordered for fantasy TBS, tactical combat is a blast, auto combat speeds it all up-- Custom heroes, and infinite replay with random maps."
76561198073761612,Recommended,226840,10812017,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Twinr,Best ever!
76561198057296769,Recommended,226840,10637505,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Devils Blades,"Nice fantasy based stratagy game. Once you get into the later part of the game, it's very easy to become crazy OP, which can be fun but doesn't provide much of a challange. Combat system can be quite frustrating but with practice it is very rewarding.No real tutorial makes the initial learning curve pretty high.Overal 7/10"
,Recommended,226840,10627187,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mojo,fantasy civ
76561198065593451,Recommended,226840,10620694,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sander,"After waiting for years for the sequel to Age of wonders I, II and Shadow Magic, this game certainly doesn't disappoint me in any way. The upgrade to the graphics is magnificent, the gameplay has been tweaked and made easier. Only play this game tough if you like a lot and then I really mean A LOT of new possibilities and options within the gameplay. It may take some time to get the hang of everything in the game, but it is totally worth it!"
76561197997955788,Recommended,226840,10730176,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bloody Carrot Key,"Seriously. Let's have a breakdown: Warcraft 3, Civilisation V, Heroes of Might and Magic and just a pinc of Game and Thrones; and there you have it: Age of Wonders III.Best part would be to invite your friends to have the game aswell and have a big game where diplomacy and war are the main thing and you can create your own Empire with your friends or crush them under your feet with your awesome Leader.Can't think of any bad things in the game. I find it really balanced and fun to play and there is many things to customize in the setup of a game, so you can't complain about things, that you can't change for the better :)"
,Recommended,226840,10742163,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mr_Folgers,"Not a Heroes of Might and Magic clone...brings a lot of new things to the table. Heroes feel balanced and combat has many options that reward the player for thinking ahead. Huge 15v15+ battles feel awesome. Tons of replayability for me, can't get enough of this game really."
76561198006514163,Recommended,226840,10752507,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Gatchii,"Cracking update for the series, lost a lot of hours playing this old school hot seat mode with some friends and some beers."
76561198009957846,Recommended,226840,10859603,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Khorne Flakes,Civ V + Might and magic= Age of Wonders III.  Would definately give it a 9/10.
76561198030763470,Recommended,226840,10851311,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SaltMaster,"It's a good game, not great, not perfect, but good. I mean, I miss how they did it in the first game. And I did not like the second in the series. But this game is... alright I guess."
76561198123902709,Recommended,226840,10761394,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,synk,amazing game .its a true succesor to AoW franchise
76561198006717235,Recommended,226840,10763005,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,EarlevillaKilla,"If you are a fan of the series, then this game does not disappoint. Hopefully DLC and updates will release more races, but this game is great on its own. Fans of Heroes of Might and Magic will enjoy this!"
76561198021642021,Recommended,226840,10765050,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sandstrandt,The best 4X Fantasy Game out there.Lovingly reminiscent of Age of Wonders 2 (Shadow Magic) with updated graphics and the class system really adds to the experience.If you like good turn-based Strategy and a classic fantasy Setting you are going to love AoW3.
,Recommended,226840,10779329,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Delacroix,"A combination of tactical combat and empire management that isn't like most 4X games. Combat and the various combinations of racial and class specific units make up the bulk of the game, tech trees are replaced with empire improvements and research of spells that have strategic and tactical use. You won't see scientific or cultural victories in this game but no other 4X compares to the scope of combat with prehaps Fallen Enchantress as an exception.AOWIII has a lot of unique features that simply isn't present in other strategy games or Total War for that matter and it is a unique gem worth playing for that reason. The devs have done a phenomenal job in introducing huge patches with future expansions on the way.It also has a ultra neat OST from Michiel Van Den Bos who did Deus Ex (UNATCO? Savage.) and Unreal. Get the OST. Now."
76561198061542775,Recommended,226840,10780978,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Slade-Olive,"A bit confusing at first, but it's an absolute MUST HAVE if you love games like HoM"
76561198006729818,Recommended,226840,10781997,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,alternate1921,Nice game. If you enjoyed the previous AOW games you will probably enjoy this one.
76561197987118858,Recommended,226840,10783996,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Orn Sage,If you wanted a harder Civilazations game... this .. is .. it! lol
76561197998375405,Recommended,226840,10671238,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kenski,"If you've played Age of Wonders before, you'll enjoy this latest installment."
76561198039122860,Recommended,226840,27987226,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,obsidyan02,"Probably one of the best series upgrades I have seen in many years. It's extremely addictive & brutally challenging - even set on the Normal Mode in Campaign you may very well get face-rolled if you take to long to organize your forces! If you were a fan of the old Heroes of Might & Magic Series, you will love this game."
76561198072616725,Recommended,226840,27711326,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr.Wagner,"Nominate for Triumphant Return! If any game deserves it, this game does!"
,Recommended,226840,27746284,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vickriman,A very nice 4X and with tactical combat game. I really like the different combos of races/classes. Definitely worth trying if you like the genre.
,Recommended,226840,10916183,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,nechaef,This game had some problems with connectivity  and game balance at the start but the dev team fixed them in record time and  is the example of how a gaming studio should communicate with it's customer/fan base. Not only do they listen but actevley communicate and solve problems. Well done Triumph.Edit: The game only got better with the two dlc/expantions. And even now the devs still hang out on the steam forums. Really one of the best supported games I've run across in recent years.
,Recommended,226840,27745220,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jet800,Play. Like. Play more. With friends. With your cat. Die. Start over again. Set AI to the max. Win. Go versus in MP. Awesome game. Buy it.
76561198025057577,Recommended,226840,27907567,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lurker_GG,"First heard of this game on the co-optional podcast. Sat in my library for awhile and recently I finally installed it.Oh man, it's been awhile since a game has stomped me once and gotten me to play again (no I haven't played darksouls). I am prety sure the AI cheats, but that has added to the enjoyment of the game. Each map so far has had a turning point, a rise or fall battle. The time I am beat pretty much meant I had to restart the map, the other times it signaled my opponents fall. Win or lose, I have really enjoyed those moments in the game.My only real problem with the game is the fact its a time machine that only goes forward IE ""Start game at 4 pm and its magical 3am a short time later"""
,Recommended,226840,27918428,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Horaktyle,"Very cool and fun game to play. Imo mostly balanced except for some characters if given enough time, but thats your fault then. Good Storymode Campaigns and game options9/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,226840,27947101,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Stupendous Man,"I've played Age of Wonders III for almost 100 hours as of writing this review, and I love the game. At first I couldn't really get into it; I started playing the first campaign which went well until the second mission, when the difficulty got much higher. I later came back to the game playing random maps, which taught me how to really play it.Now that I'm much more comfortable with the game, it's one of my favourite games. It has an excellent blend of strategy with tactical battles, and lots of different units to play with. This is both its strength and weakness though, as it takes a long time to get a feel for the different units and races.Now that I've become more proficient with the game, I'm really enjoying the campaigns which have a lot of story and world buidling. Also, the game has excellent music and a lot of charm. The world really feels alive and nuanced.While as of this writing there are 2 big DLCs for the game, the vanilla game has loads of content of its own. I didn't even buy the DLCs until recently as there was still so much to do in the base game. So if you just want to try the game without having to pay too much, buy the base game, You can then later add the 2 DLCs if you want more content.All in all, Age of Wonders III is a high quality game that is well worth the asking price, and a bargain on sale."
,Recommended,226840,27475709,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sappy,I was pure good and 3 neutrals declared war on me. 10/10 would murder the AI again.
76561198006023304,Recommended,226840,27488331,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DEY123,This is by far the best turn based strategy game I have played in recent years.  It has diverse sets of races and classes to play that change your play style.  Additionally the AI is quite competant.It strikes a great balance between 4x style expansion and then battles between your groups (up to 7 groups can fight at once).
,Recommended,226840,27514727,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Taliesyn,"An outstanding mix of TBS with RPG-style character building, this is the best Age of Wonders game to-date.  It's far more militaristic than most 4x games, however, and while you can technically win a peaceful game, that's not going to happen except easy AI.Still, I'd give it an 8/10 overall."
76561197997760285,Recommended,226840,27093242,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Endovior,"There've been a lot of 4x games out lately, including a lot of fantasy titles competing for the mantle of the ancient but much revered Master of Magic. Most of the recent ones fail miserably to live up to that legacy, and are at-best ok, or just sort of mediocre. The Age of Wonders series was pretty good, back in the day, but when I first played Age of Wonders III, shortly after release, I found it too slow and buggy to be worth my time. I gave it another try recently, thanks to a sale, and I've quite enjoyed my time with it, so far; it's the same Age of Wonders experience I enjoyed back in the day, but updated with more modern technology, including very pretty graphics.The game doesn't innovate much beyond the formula of previous titles in the series, but if you enjoyed the old Age of Wonders games, this latest edition is well worth your time and money. Especially if you buy it on sale!"
,Recommended,226840,26793513,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Manousos Negev-sama©,"Brilliant game,I recommend it to anyone who likes turn-based strategy games.It has awesome music too"
,Recommended,226840,26827915,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sheep from hell,"the best choice for a 4x game when you want to focus on war instead of empire building. alone the tactical battles would make a game on its own and the dedicated  and supportive developers justify a blind buy for every of their games. there is no busy work or skip turns in this game, every round, every move, every action and every decision counts in this great, well balanced, very deep and beautiful game. there is a reason why such a small game has so many mods.btw, every dlc is worth the price and not a money grab and was supported with tons of free content for the base game when released"
76561198005507718,Recommended,226840,11610441,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Rune of Aces,I had fun♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off my friends as I bought out every village we came across.9/10
,Recommended,226840,11594874,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,AngryJuanMower,"A very solid game although the A.I. needs some work. I'm tired of just meeting somebody and then going to on war the same turn. Still, it is worth the money for all you TBS game fans who are thinking about buying it."
76561198018790410,Not Recommended,226840,11552106,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,General Void,"Wasn't a fan of this game. Felt a little clunky and not as polished as some other games in the genre. I know people do love this game, just not my kind of game. More of a Fallen Enchantres and Civ5 fan."
76561197985553243,Recommended,226840,11758210,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Jaguar,"Ok so this game is one I have been waiting for for a long time, think fantasy Civilization with roleplaying elements (items and levels for heroes) and a stripped back diplomacy system and city building. The combat system is similar to old heroes of might and magic games and this is the main focus of the game, along with the heroes and awesome units/items. This game is amazing and I cannot recommend it enough, just wish I had some more time to play it!"
76561198035763542,Recommended,226840,11619969,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,803BHPCoffeeMachine,"Spawned next to Dragons. Dragons flew, burnt my city and began the lamentations of my women. When I tried to take it back I realised I lacked the units to destroy MY OWN WALLS. So Mr. Dragon sat on them laughing his♥♥♥♥♥♥off.10/10"
76561198032080995,Recommended,226840,11740201,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Valektra,"If you like this style of game, then buy it.   Graphics are good, it's bug free from what I can see..  Cannot think of anything negative to say about it except this -> I believe pretty much everything it does, Fallen Enchantress II does better, and I recommend getting that instead.  This is the first game in this series I've played, and while past versions may have had features that set it apart from it's competition, I've not seen anything special in this one.I do have one pet peeve.....   City of 20,000, I send a couple units out to snag something a few tiles away, instantly a wolf and spider spawn and my city promptly surrenders to them......... seriously?  Not one of those 20,000 can be bothered to fight a wolf and a spider?   I bet the wolf offered them EBT cards, and the spider offered free cell phones and healthcare.  It's the only thing I can think of."
,Recommended,226840,11653850,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,gravity,I'm friends with giant stone monster people and Wild Shreks. 10/10
76561198032046845,Recommended,226840,12152021,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,j242000,"In my opinion the capaign is too linear and really unplesant, the customisable skirmishes makes up for that. In the skirmishing mode it is a really fun game."
,Recommended,226840,10807131,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Siscoprofit,Solid game if you are into the genre. Worth every penny
76561198073213855,Recommended,226840,10685055,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mad Jacq,"If you like turn-based and like the fantasy genre then this IS your game. The AoW series has always been amazing and this update is no exception. I love it so much! Best game I've played in a long, long time."
,Not Recommended,226840,11691040,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Perq,"Some stuff got fixed, hopefully game is playable nowEDIT: Nope, multiplayer still doesn't work properly - you need to tinker with your router and some♥♥♥♥♥♥ Even mail mode crashes."
,Recommended,226840,21770708,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,thebluerider,TBS with story campaign - love it!
,Recommended,226840,26121758,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,hàVóK,Great game! I used to play settlers as a kid and this reminds me of what a computer game version would be like!
76561198039997676,Recommended,226840,16628688,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Veinemoinen,"Excellent for hot-seat game nights. Just like HoMM3 back then, only it's a much richer experience. The writing is great, every game is different, and singleplayer isn't that bad either."
76561198075317885,Recommended,226840,26476272,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Watercleave,"Great game. The learning curve is pretty steep (took three or four embarrassing losses before my first victory); the mechanics aren't perfect (it really needs a more graceful garrison mechanic than just ""leave an army in/near the city"", territorial control is more difficult than it should be, and the tactical combat is a little oversensitive to error - I've lost count of how many times I had to load save because a campaign-essential hero got ganked because I moved them one hex too far forward); but overall, it's really cinematic and really fun to play."
76561198034372305,Recommended,226840,26480921,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Kal,"If you liked the old 90s game Master of Magic, you'll love Age of Wonders 3."
76561198071580255,Recommended,226840,26435168,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ヤクザ,"For someone who misses the original HoMM dearly, this wonderful little gem was truly a treat! Way too underrated by the gaming community IMHO. Highly recommended."
76561197999827077,Recommended,226840,26445718,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Infamous,"Fantasy SRPG Meets civilization.  Plays like a living board game just like others in the genre but this game does it PERFECT!HMM, and Disciples just to name a few others like it.I have to say this game is far supperior to any of the others I have tried similar."
76561198031170701,Recommended,226840,26449881,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,darktower74,This is definitely in the top 5 turn-based strategy games of all time.
76561198293522146,Recommended,226840,26414078,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ayushman,Loved Age of Wonders  and had spent countless hours playing it.This is an amazing game true to the spirit of the original. Highly recommend this.
76561198062614351,Recommended,226840,26455172,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,F(x),"After finishing the tutorial and creating my first hero, I ask myself the following:1. Why did I ever play Heroes of Might and Magic?2. Why should I ever play Heroes of Might and Magic again?3. How will I manage to get anything done in real life for the next couple of weeks?Seriously, this game has so much more to offer than HOMAM:- Interesting, a (little) bit more ""low fantasy"" races and classes- A research system- More buildings, which additionally do more than allowing you to recruit unit XY- Settlers & founding new cities- Actual armies instead of huge stacks of the same unit represented in one figure- The best round based combat I ever experienced- Character creation and customisationI compare these two games because I used to be a huge fan of HOMAM 5 and never heard of AoW until the release of AoW 3, and now I'm just overwhelmed by its quality.I haven't played much yet, but overall this seems to be an excellent 4X game and might be one of my new favourites. If the concept of deep, round-based strategy with RPG elements sounds nice to you, get this."
76561198209178773,Recommended,226840,26456829,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,joe,This game is brilliant. Beautiful fantasy graphics. Nice Ai and very playable with a good clear user interface. Its first quest is its inbuilt tutorial and one can play the game like a pro in very little time with a comfortable learning curve. You can create your own worlds. Modify your role-play character. This game works very well on my Windows 10 in full screen or windowed (as I like it).Age of Wonders iii is like an enjoyable fantasy book (that you can play in an open world way – turn based) with is hard to put down (stop).
76561198047898856,Recommended,226840,26420809,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jab 👌,"Amazing game, with all the DLC this is easily worth it on sale. The soundtrack is immersive, the graphics and environments are nice, and the game feels like it has a solid amount of depth with lots of replayability.I'm not sure if it's fair to call this game a ""4X title"", mainly because it's much more combat heavy which I've really enjoyed so far. It almost turns into a full out turn-based strategy/tactical RPG and I find it keeps things a lot more interesting. The city building isn't quite as in depth as a Civilization game for example, but I really enjoy exploring the map with my hero class, picking up items, leveling up and building up my army and cities as I go.Basically, I love all the Civilization games but they have really weak combat systems, this game however has a much better and enjoyable combat system so if you're after that in a 4X style game, I would highly recommend this.Also, the DLC are more like full out expansions.. the kind you got back in the late 90s and early 2000s, particularly the ""Eternal Lords"" one. I can see why people would have been disappointed to the lack of content in this game when it released, but it's come a long way and I think it's easily worth its price if you see it on sale."
,Recommended,226840,27960566,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Liri,Amazing game that gets even better with time.
76561198002615638,Recommended,226840,28003678,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Marshal Dex,"Truly a hidden gem among 4X games and thus very underrated.Many races to choose from, unique hero classes (which all encourage different playstyles), awesome turn-based combat system and vast worlds to explore, with each holding it's own diversity and secrets. These and many more aspects deliver a very addicting experience to the player. If Civilization and Heroes Of Might and Magic had a child, it would be - without any doubts - Age Of Wonders III.And yes, both expansions (""Eternal Lords"" and ""Golden Realms"") are mandatory. They extend the game with lots of new features (e.g. more races and a new class) which - for the sake of depth - shouldn't be missed."
76561198025487457,Recommended,226840,17373534,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,*VPS*Dragovi,"I have a huge experience with strategy games. This is, by far, one of the best I have played. I add and delete games on my computer all the time to compensate for a lack of storage, but this game never gets deleted. I know I will always come back.Pros:CustomizationArt StyleCombat mechanicsUnit variationBonus and spell variationSolid balance changes from DevsDifficulty (or lack there of if you so choose)Easy to learn, Hard to masterand moreConsThere isn't more content added on a regular basisSome of the unique units don't feel...unique enough while others feely extremely unique"
76561198046995581,Recommended,226840,16805356,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,SOL∆CEN,"Fantasy 4X Startegy. If you like Civ or Heroes of Might and Magic, You'll like this."
76561198027902542,Recommended,226840,16806186,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Grim Holiday,"Can play as Dreadnoughts: and steam roll your foes under tank treds, turn them into a pile of ash to fill the shoes left behind, turn the bodys from bone and flesh to flesh and blood, leave the guts of your foes all over the the battlefield. and outrite dominate with fearless machines."
76561198043627942,Recommended,226840,15993776,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Nub-spotting Nub,"AOW II is like a mix up of the city level bulding  and development of Civ and the 'Heroes of Might and Magic' fantasy elements,  army building, fighting and RPG/Hero elements.. And I think it does both well.  combat is decent enough too and there is plenty of interest.So if u like turn-based strategy or Civ, then try this out....  I am still playing it through and I really ;like it so far, thanks to the above elements and it's  depth, amongst other things...Further, I think its wohht noting, much like the original HoMM games, this is a game that will give you hundreds of hours game play... read the other reviews where some have played it for hundreds of hours and appear to still be learning... I am not normally someone to say something that someone else does... but from my time playing this game, that seems about right...Games do go on for quite a while though ( in my experience)."
,Recommended,226840,15984385,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Ubercat,an amazing game if you like civ or disciples buy this game
,Recommended,226840,16346369,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Guardsman Vexemur,GOD BLESS THE COMMONWEALTHEVERYONE WELCOMED EXCEPT THEM ELF LADS
76561198041721228,Recommended,226840,16348319,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Samsara,"This game combines the fun of RPGs, empire builders, and Tactical combat  in a TBS.Winning a single map can take a long time, and they usually require you play aggressively, but despite the fact that I tend to prefer to build slowly and then attack with overwhelming force (which generally fails against the AI, who will often hit with their own overwhelming force first if you pursue that strategy), I still enjoy this game a lot.  Sending your heroes around the map looting as many dungeons as possible while building epic cities is a lot of fun.(I also enjoyed AoW 1 & 2 back in the day.)"
,Recommended,226840,16315536,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Be Dank.,Definitely awesome.
76561197988445850,Recommended,226840,15870007,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Akulio,Best fantasy TBS. RIP heroes and disciples for me.
76561198086457357,Recommended,226840,15911837,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Jelogisa,"==== TL;DR section ====Excellent 4X game, incredibly addictiveExploration: Good 9/10City Management : Simple 7/10Empire economics (resource gathering, building/manufacturing) : Excellent 9/10Tactical combat : Excellent 9/10Diplomacy: Simple 7/10Strategy: Good 8/10Graphics/Art: Excellent 9/10Gameplay/UI/Ease of use: Excellent 9/10World Design (Races/Classes/Terrains/...): Good 8/10Overall: Excellent 9/10=======================The game is not very complex in every of its aspect, but there are many aspects to consider, lots of things you can influence (and yet these facets are very well bundled up together, the game has a strong sense of purpose and unity). Well-done.It takes 2-5 hours to get a feeling of what you're doing at the beginning, then you get an incredibly addictive game with exploration, empire management, production/manufacturing, tactical combat, etc... . Once you get the hang of it, the syndrome 'just another turn' sets in (multiplied by a few hundred turns... and I'm likely to suffer from sleep deprivation for some time...)The universe is colorful and well designed. The gameplay is intense: while you solve a thorny problem, you're more than likely to get a handful of other problems and opportunities (make your choices, enjoy/suffer the consequences)...  There is always necessity for action and opportunities all around. You just have to pick a strategy and stick to it to progress in the game."
76561198069750619,Recommended,226840,15906431,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,FreakOfNature08,Would recommend this game to anyone. Takes elements from Civ 5 but with less emphasis on empire and city management and more emphasis on combat. The turn based combat system is done very well. 9.5/10
,Recommended,226840,16882140,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Jauren,"I have been monitoring this game for a while now, and when it finally went on sale for the Steam Summer sale, I couldn't pass up the opportunity to get it. And in all honesty, after playing this game, I would have gladly paid full price for it.Think of this game as kind of a cross betweeen the Civilization series and Hereos of Might and Magic. It takes to best aspects of each of those and crams them into one package. As an avid fan of both series, I can say that this game is really well done. It also captures the infamous ""Just one more turn."" mindset from civilization.So, here are my pros and cons of this game.Pros:- It is easy to get right into the action, without having to spend your first 50 turns building up just the basic infastructure.- The music is amazing, keeping you interested in what is going on. And with several different soundtracks for each situation, you never get too bored of it.- It is easy to pick up and learn the basics, but there is a lot of more advance tactics that you can immerse yourself into.- Steam workshop Support- There are many more, but I will let you discover them for yourself!Cons:- I wish there was a militia in cities, otherwise you can see your cities go back and forth several times.- Not really anything else I can think of.Summary:All in all, I would absolutely pick this game up if you a fan of 4x strategy games. 10/10"
76561198023700663,Recommended,226840,16891703,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Halvance,"Great 4x game.I realized that to me it now even surpasess my beloved Homam collection, which is worse and worse with each new edition.It is looong and realy hard at moments. Great soundtrack, gameplay, art, maps and everything. Also great devs who realy cares and frequently writes new updates (and if you have problems, theres fast customer service from them;).I play it over a year now and then, but always come back to it."
76561198067985313,Recommended,226840,16960528,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,nyykkis78,"One of the best turn-based fantasy strategy games ever made. The hall' series is dynamite, alltough this one is a wee bit short, even with the DLC:s. Let's hope the makers create more..."
,Recommended,226840,17646055,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Echolon,Super fun! Great graphics nice random maps and very deep hero/lord creation. All DLCs are a real addition to the game.
,Recommended,226840,28200832,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Filthy Pollo,"When I was 13 years old, I fell in love with Age of Wonders with my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ latop which uses Pentium 2 and 64 mb of RAM, it runs great even no lag.  Then Age of Wonders 2 released, it refreshed my soul and now Age of Wonders 3, the joy of happiness is back!"
76561198054716011,Recommended,226840,28558076,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SerenityNow,"Awesome campaign and storyline; I loved every bit of the campaigns, both vanilla and expansion. But the AI for random generated maps is pitiful; you have to stack the deck against you pretty hard to get a challenge, but if you do this it can easily backfire against you. I was really looking forward to testing a lot of interesting hero builds but after testing the random AI maps for a while I lost interest. I didn't bother with online pvp play because the game takes a long time and it's also not balanced for pvp.The game is definitely worth it though for just the campaign."
76561198044105277,Recommended,226840,28453158,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,dyler,"Truly a gem. If you have any interest in fantasy and/or very wll made and polished games, you will enjoy."
76561198066922389,Recommended,226840,28436294,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,bonedragon,"Awesome game and a really lovely Linux-Port! It did install and run on my Ubuntu 16.04.1 LTS without any issues. Performance is quite good and the game is one of my lovliest games ever. If you like fantasy round based games this one is a must-have, also due to its good AI that I miss in many other games of this genre."
,Recommended,226840,28229150,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Pauley,Great game! Just like Lords of Might & Magic which is what I wanted! :-)
76561198018723503,Recommended,226840,28830439,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,necrogodomega,It's a nice RTS game and the story seems good. I don't have enough time to play as levels can take FOREVER (for me) to finish. Also....my Heroes are ♥♥♥♥ing suicidal.
76561198043066997,Recommended,226840,28829233,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Hasefrexx,"In short, the best 4X around.Deep, complex, it particularly shines with its tactical turn-based battles and unlike almost every other competitors the AI knows what it's doing and will provide a good challenge if that's what you're up for, otherwise of course you can tune it down for a smoother game experience.Lots of replayability as you can combine many classes, races and specializations which also means a rather fine tunning of your setup along with the classical random map generator."
76561198045884516,Recommended,226840,28829454,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Raynor,"I created a vast multicultural empire that utilized the strengths of nearly every race under the sun. They all enjoyed the great bounty of my empire as they lived in peace and prosperity for generations to come.Except for the halflings. ♥♥♥♥ those guys.All joking aside, AoWIII is a great game with a lot of depth and variety. The visuals are a bit dated in terms of fidelity (the textures in particular could use a facelift), but they boast a huge degree of style and flavor that make the game look good regardless. The soundtrack isn't anything out of the ordinary for a fantasy game, but is well done and is a treat to listen to. Overall, this game offers a lot of content and replayability that make it very much worth the price. Just make sure you pick up the expansions - especially Eternal Lords - as they add a lot of quality content."
,Recommended,226840,29042016,Posted: 5 January,all,<(ASR)>Dauthi,I have been playing AOW since childhood. It does not fail to impress.
76561197997033429,Recommended,226840,29046415,Posted: 5 January,all,~O.o | o.O~,lots of fun
76561198038748493,Recommended,226840,28964642,Posted: 2 January,all,Avonac,I've never had so much fun playing a strategy multiplayer game
,Recommended,226840,28996262,Posted: 3 January,all,BottledMince,"I had never heard of this game before i found it on the steam store this year and i am amazed on how good this game is. It is basically total war crossed with civlization and what makes the game really fun is being able to customise your leader so i would recommend this game to anyone who likes total war, civlization and turn based games."
76561198010554329,Recommended,226840,28853031,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Apollo,"Total war + RPG = Age of Wonder 3I never play any AOW series before and this is the first.I was like ""shet its sale now and i dont know what to buy""then i met this game and i thought ""well i guess i gave it a try then refund muwahahaha"".Later on, in the tutorial campaigni was like addicting so hard to this and end up playing a random scenario for 6 freaking hours.money was well spend definitely.Another thing though.I wish the diplomacy area were a bit more in depth and had a family tree like the total war shogun.If it release a dlc or some♥♥♥♥♥♥that add feature like that.Say no more fam,my money is belong to u madafakasss"
,Recommended,226840,29642562,Posted: 1 February,all,AngryPockets,"Game sucked me in. Once I climbed the fairly steep learning curve, I couldn't put it down."
76561198280902013,Recommended,226840,29015135,Posted: 4 January,all,eddieurban1966,totally great way to eliminate dead time
76561198041699798,Recommended,226840,31089771,Posted: 11 April,all,Fatewalking,"This is unquestionably the best turn-based strategy game I have played.  Wracking my brain for something negative to say about it leaves me with only two.  First: it ends.  I am constantly on the lookout for news on Triumph's next project.  -Up next is having my Dutch friend Anniek swing by Delft to pester them.-  Secondly:  The Rogue class unit 'Shadow Stalker' is a bit to powerful.  Literally everything else about the game is well done and well implemented in my opinion.  If you are new to games like this, be sure to understand the flanking and attack of opportunity mechanics."
76561198113135702,Recommended,226840,31087519,Posted: 11 April,all,4VENCIO,Very hard an complex game - finally a really challenging turn based strategy game !
76561198094016953,Recommended,226840,32023887,Posted: 28 May,all,Neonseraphim,What should Heroes of Might and Magic should have been.  Great mod community and a great puzzle game that feeds your creative hunger.
76561198131416604,Recommended,226840,32049188,Posted: 29 May,all,TrundlerG,"If DnD and rts genre had a baby, the child would be this game! It has elements from both with a ton of content and freedom. If you are done with the fun campaigns, you can play with other people or have your own adventure in a custom map that you can control the smallest detail of along with a hero that you can design to the smallest detail!I definitley recommend this game to anyone, even if they haven't played rts games before. 10/10"
76561198038042743,Recommended,226840,32113006,Posted: 1 June,all,Phoenix,"Do you like Fantasy, 4X turn based strategy, magic and heroes then this is the game for you.Still the top of this nook of the gaming world. Endless Legend would replace it, if not for that it lacks a basic fantasy element: Magic/Spells. In AoW 3 you can change the lands of your kingdom into a frozen waistland where your people thrive, a Utopian forest and so forth. You can build up armies to lay waist to all or raise heroes who can decimate said armies all on their own.In my opinion the best of it's genre (and I've done extensive research in this).Easily worth the buy!"
76561198028584697,Recommended,226840,32068588,Posted: 30 May,all,B-Loved Commander,"The game reallyallows you to create a fantasy empire like in many fantasy epics. Often when I watch fantasy movies, I get the itch to play. Lukily there are many things in the game to keep you playing. There are many classes, including the necromancer class with the DLC, which all have different play styles. The game just doesn't really get old and has plenty of replayability with all the race/class combinations, alignment possibilities, and map construction."
,Recommended,226840,32211714,Posted: 5 June,all,Ronguul Thatch,"I was gonna purchase the entire Age of Wonders bundle but thought I'd just grab this one as it was probably the best reviewed. S after spending just a little time with it I've found that it draws a lot of similarities with Heroes of Might and Magic, which honestly, I haven't played since the first one was released many years ago. There's definitely a little more depth to Age of Wonders III, and it feels fresh in a lot of ways. Although gameplay is the most important thing when it comes to games like this (it definitely excels there), the graphics are gorgeous. If you like games like Heroes, this is definitely worth grabbing. I can easily see myself sinking a weekend into it! Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,226840,32678954,Posted: 23 June,all,Solidstate89,"The game has a bit of learning curve, and the UI to set up a custom scenario/single player game isn't the most intuitive, but the depth of the game and the quality of it is truly incredible."
,Recommended,226840,25037476,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Damion2001,Fantastic game. Reminds me of Masters of Magic.
76561198076241937,Recommended,226840,32623646,Posted: 21 June,all,Rasec,"I really liked Shadow magic and it was one of my favourity all time games, it captured the essence of the oldie master of magic with improved graphics and controls. The editor was really great and the ability to costumize heroes, items and maps was unique, just add a jpg to their portrait and its done.The new editor really sucks, cant even make random maps to edit and now i cant make a leader with which i can really relate, but after so many hours on Age of wonders SM if feels good to have a refresh.Still, for the rest of the game its ok.Gameplay is good, it gets really hard if you dont scumsave a lot but i like the challenge and the AI is competent enough.I got easily tired of the campaigs and i havent finished a single one but the single map keeps me coming back. There are lots and lots of different well balanced units and after a few dozen hours i am still finding new stuff. Overall its a recommend."
,Recommended,226840,33004018,Posted: 29 June,all,Capt'n,"I bought this game on a whim. Wasn't really sure what I would get from it, kind of needed a new game. I wanted something like Civ, but also like AoE. This game exceeded my expectations. Well worth the purchase."
76561198025625221,Recommended,226840,31862148,Posted: 20 May,all,RIFTS,Great turn based Strategy Game played it for hundreds of hours. The Mods for this game are great adds tons of life to this game.
,Recommended,226840,31909704,Posted: 22 May,all,Drumpf,"There are some do's and don'ts to fully enjoy this game, in my humble opinion:Do get the expansions, do play random maps, DON'T play with simultaneous turns, do turn on classic turns, do try out all the varieties and combinations of classes and races, do experiment and expect that your first game or three might not go strongly. The game is not terribly complex, it's very easy to pick up and quite intuitive. At first somethings may seem overwhelming, but they'll fall into place quickly. You might find yourself using google a couple times.If you find yourself not enjoying the tutorial or campaigns, don't bother with them. They're not the strategy 4X you're looking for, in my opinion. If you're a fan of Civilization-like 4X games, again, you want to play random maps.That being said, I was hyped when I got this game originally but didn't really enjoy it. Now it's a favorite. I recommend it, especially to anyone who likes the idea of a fantasy or non-""historical"" 4X game."
76561198030916207,Recommended,226840,31563605,Posted: 5 May,all,dmcf,"The basic game and campaign are great. The most similar game to it is the Heroes of Might and Magic series, but Age of Wonders adds lots of features HOMM lacks - and it also takes out the worst flaws in HOMM.There are no stacks of hundreds or thousands the way there are in Heroes of Might and Magic games - just one unit or one hero - and even the lowest level units are always useful. Units also gain stats and even special abilities from gaining experience ranks.It's a combination of adventuring/ clearing out dungeons etc and fighting AI controlled kingdoms, plus roaming monsters and brigands and clearing out theur lairs, gold mines, mana nodes etc. On top of that your existing cities grow, increasing the area they control and get resources from, you can found new settlements, and conquer existing ones, or make alliances with them which can turn into them becoming vassal cities or joining your empire.You really need to think about tactics and strategy and skill choices for heroes.There is a great atmosphere and a big range of unit types, hero and lord types, spells and skills and special abilities. And a good storyline that also gives you choices that affect what missions you get.But even when you're finished with the campaign, it keeps getting better. The two main expansions (Golden Realms and Eternal Lords) add in two new campaigns and four new races - but that's the least of what they add. There are new special locations to clear out - and on top of that these unlock new buildings if they are in the domain of a city you have or that you build there. These can add bonuses or even special abilities to some unit types, add extra  kinds of defences or income to the city, or unlock new unit types for recruitment in that city.Then there are the Empire Quests that , if e.g you are first to have seven cities, you get a bonus to happiness and gold income from them. If you are first to get 100 units then all your heroes and units level up immediately etc.And there is Race Governance Experience - which lets you gain levels in governing that race and choose bonuses to some or all units of that race, or cities of that race.And there are new specializations for lords - Keeper of the Peace (good alignment), Grey Guard (neutral) and Shadowborn (evil)And then there are all the great free mods that you can install if you have the two main expansions which add in new unit types , new buildings, new specializations, better graphics for existing units, new heroes, new skills heroes can choose, buildings that let you recruit new good or evil units, or make all new units recruited in that city dedicated to good or evil, and all kinds of other great thingsThe ultimate spells are a bit over-powered , but there are mini-mods to remove them.The only part of the game that isn't quite as great is multiplayer. The problem here is that if one player fights out a battle manually against neutrals or the AI (the way they would in single player) any other players have to wait and can't do anything until the battle is over. But if you set it to auto-calc only for battles with the AI then you lose lots of units you would not lose if you had fought that battle out.And unless you are part of a Steam Group for multiplayer for the game, or playing people you know in real life, there is a high rate of people just quitting without explanation.That said the single player campaigns and random maps are so good it's worth buying and getting the expansions just for them. And multiplayer versus people you know can be great too.I'd advise against buying the Deluxe version though as this only adds one map scenario - and you effectively get unlimited maps /scenarios between random maps and free maps made as mods in the steam workshop.P.s Don't bother with the package with Age of Wonders I or II either - for me at least they won't even run on Windows 10"
,Recommended,226840,31574248,Posted: 5 May,all,ButtonMash0847,"If you are a fan of fantasy/medieval games that involve growing your own kingdom, making alliances, and battling monsters off of your domains, then this game is PERFECT for you! What makes this game unique from Civilization is the fact that there are ""Independents"" they are random monters, and NPC Cities, these guys really spice up the game, to the point where sometimes enemy players aren't a threat in the beginning, Independents are! I've only had this for a few days and already have 16 hours on record. What I love about this game is that there is NO real rush to it, it's a game that you sit down to, play for a few hours, save, and pick it up the next game. As a noob to the game my average game genuinely lasts about 2-3 days where I play for a minimum of 3 hours a day. And the ENDLESS leaders you can customize makes this all the better, tired of playing Druid Elves that focus on range? You can make a new character that focuses on Humans and mass producing massive armies to crush your oppenents! I got bored of this game for a little bit because I kept losing as elves, but then I realized that there are much more options to choose from and I loved the game all over again. This game lags a bit on a potato computer (Mines a 4 GB Ram with a 2.4 GZ Proccessor and its a little choppy but that's it!) even on the lowest graphic settings it still looks pleasing to the eye, if you've got a higher end computer then on ultra this game looks purely elegant. The combat system is a little hard to master, such as which unit counters another unit and which units do what, and the game is very overwhelming for new players, but after playing for a day you will understand almost aspect of the game.Rating: 9.5/10 (This is the first time I've EVER given a game this rating before, my previous highest was an 8.5)"
76561198023082933,Recommended,226840,31911340,Posted: 22 May,all,toucanbuzz,"The best turn-based fantasy strategy game I've ever played. The story-line is average, but the heroes, magic, graphics, troops, soundtrack, and pretty much everything else rocks. Got the expansion, great addition of two new races and another campaign. The game involves a LOT of combat, so at some point you're going to have to get used to the ""auto"" combat feature (computer usually does a decent job, ""quicksave"" is your friend if you fear you'll get screwed over), and several maps are not for the meek. Hunkering down in your towns is a losing proposition.The game bounces back and forth between your main heroes as they become the focus of a chapter. There's a ""choice"" in each campaign where you make a major decision that branches you off into a different map or two and gain/lose a hero to that choice, giving it some story replayability. Ultimately, the campaign is enough for dozens of hours of challenge, and there will be frustration for new players as certain maps are unforgiving (the archipelago map, for example, will overwhelm you unless you can strike early and decisively on some enemy islands, flying heroes spec'd for physical combat for the win).  Anyways, too much to say without spending pages, so whether this game is on sale or not, a fantastic buy."
76561198305773003,Recommended,226840,31933042,Posted: 24 May,all,John·Price,It's a funny game.But the program has stopped working again and anain when I use the siege weapon like cannon.This game is banned to use cannon?
,Recommended,226840,34744886,Posted: 4 September,all,Dr.Shabink,"One of the best games there ever was. I've played it for many more hours on a borrowed copy of this game I didn't pay for, but for this kind of quality you really have to support the developers and buy your own. Top notch!"
76561198029262344,Recommended,226840,34752894,Posted: 5 September,all,LawCol,"Like most of my games, I play the majority of my hours offline (kids playing my account online all the time....)This is an enjoyable fantasy strategy and tactics game with each side having unique advantages but not to the point of being game breaking."
76561198118312217,Recommended,226840,34669949,Posted: 1 September,all,Defenestrator,"AoW3 quickly turned into my favorite turn-based strategy game. The tactical battles are amazing, thanks to an abundance of unit skills and specialties that you can use. How efficiently you use your units has an enormous effect on how costly battles are for you, even when one opponent has an edge over the other. Sometimes, you will win against tough enemies with only minimal damage to your own units, because you were able to outmaneuver them, flank them for increased damage, and only allow them to attack your armored units that that you put in defensive mode.The AI seems pretty competent, sometimes making dumb moves, but also giving you a run for your money from time to time.But what I really love about this game is how the combination of race and class of your leader allows you to experiment with tons of possibilities for specialized units, and find amazing synergies.A nice detail is that instead of a simple team color, you choose a ""base color"" and a ""highlight color"" for your units. Pretty simple, but it looks awesome and gives you a ""This is my army!"" feeling.Another plus for me is that there are quite some mods available on the workshop, including tweaking and balancing mods as well as new content.Also: *Goblin Succubi*. Who can say no to a game that gives you Goblin Succubi?"
,Recommended,226840,34767618,Posted: 5 September,all,simmerdown,Just as fun as the past AOW games. IMO the best one of it's kind to come out within the last few years.
76561198421125554,Recommended,226840,34859010,Posted: 10 September,all,Orson HE,"Just bought AOW III package yesterday and getting back my memories for this game.The III is really good, more than I expected, especially they keep the BGM :)Although I kind of miss the setting that you may hurt your own minions in AOW I."
,Recommended,226840,33572354,Posted: 15 July,all,Fengh Mckeef,All the jerks that declared war on me wanted to make peace with me after they found out I had golden dragons.I killed them anyway.10/10
76561198130267687,Recommended,226840,33679666,Posted: 20 July,all,Starlord,"Going into this game I was expecting a fun fantasy game, with character customization and kingdom management. It didn't disappoint. I would most definitely recommend Age of Wonders 3. The game IS difficult to play, it can be tough to figure out the mechanics at first, and the game itself is somewhat difficult, but it's certainly fun once you have a grasp of how to play. Overall a good purchase. Not a great purchase, but a good one."
76561198147941023,Recommended,226840,33768652,Posted: 24 July,all,_<B>luebeLL_,It's a good game for someone who like to build your own kingdom and cast your magic to rainforce your kingdom or attackyour enemy- gameplay is so hard for newbie in tbs  but when you play this game well you can fun with this game (4-5 hr)
76561198008498519,Recommended,226840,33725061,Posted: 22 July,all,Talok,"The closest experience to classic Master of Magic in these times.  Random maps, sandbox, multiple races.  There is a campaign and multiplayer (cannot comment havent played these modes).  The DLCs are worthwhile as well  imho."
76561198050678744,Recommended,226840,33937105,Posted: 31 July,all,S.K.Grind,its fun. Like the combination of fun and more fun. Its hard for me but nonetheless I think its fun and is worth the price. Fun!!!
,Recommended,226840,33959257,Posted: 1 August,all,Kitanski,"Very detailed and rational and real in physic, i don't like one DLC while the undead side is always too strong and unbalance like other games like Heroes 2, it's better than Heroes2 for strategists especially on PVP beacuse you can only uphold so many according to your income."
76561198120308090,Recommended,226840,34384891,Posted: 20 August,all,IronThrone7,"I have enjoyed previous entries in this series (AOW2 & AOW: Shadow Magic) and this one is also pretty good. I have a lot of fun with the campaign it's a rewarding tactics and strategy game. The game is nothign revolutionary for the genre but it's definately a good time. It's one of those strategy games that you can pour a lot of hours into and you can get that feeling of okay I need to stop playing but I'll just do ""one more turn."""
,Recommended,226840,34443256,Posted: 23 August,all,Wilbow,Very Awesome turn based stratergy game... Overall 7/10
76561198040497135,Recommended,226840,34483566,Posted: 25 August,all,natemulli,"I love this game, its civilization meets middle earth.  A really cool twist on a great game format.  I never played the first two Age of Wonders Games, but I am very happy to find this game after I have grown tired of playing Civ games."
76561198019939545,Recommended,226840,35443729,Posted: 3 October,all,Konpaku,"Very well balanced strategy/rpg game, if you're a fan of both of them a definite reccommend, if you only like one or the other, it might be a little tedious"
76561198013992715,Recommended,226840,35505044,Posted: 5 October,all,Waffles,Exactly like the original but better in every possible way.
