user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,227000,4417494,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,VioletShadow,"I found out about this game a couple days ago on the RPG Codex. I'm not a big fan of adventure games but I've played a few and enjoyed them greatly such as The Longest Journey and Syberia. I am, however, a big fan of good storytelling and in that aspect this game gets a perfect score. One can tell that a lot of love and attention to detail went into making this game: beautiful environments and wonderful music that fits and creates great atmosphere. There are different ways you can go about solving the puzzles. The main character is really interesting, the different themes are well developed and there are no clear good and evil cliches. The game is very reminescent of Planescape: Torment in terms of themes, music, atmosphere, and interesting character and sidekicks. I highly recommend this game, very very beautiful, you will be touched especially at the end. Perfect score 10/10"
76561198011669791,Recommended,227000,17803138,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Darknight,"Maybe it's a bit of a bold statement but I think Primordia is a memorable game, so much so that I'm writing this review to recommend it.I'm a story guy and this game delivers it in spades both at a macro level (the main story arch) and micro level (the single scenes). It does suffer a bit from the puzzle adventure syndrome, that is, it's not always clear how to solve a problem with the stuff you have, even when you have everything that's needed. I know this is to be expected in a way but it still bothers me.The old nerd in me suspected some of the details revealed in the final scenes right from the start but the game was compelling enough to just draw me in the atmospheric setting and make me concentrate on what was happening at a certain point. Hard to say the same about most games I've tried.The music may be a bit repetitive in the long run but it really adds to the mood, it fits perfectly. So much so that I actually noticed, appreciated and left it on: in other games I usually have it on low volume or off entirely.The graphics are retro, but in a good way. A shiny AAA engine would only marginally enhance the game. Some may even think that this old school style is actually better/more suited to this kind of game, can't say they are completely wrong.Again, highly recommended, best game I've played in a long while."
,Recommended,227000,13940959,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Miyumi Ayase,"TL:DR? See ConclusionINTRODUCTION:Primordia is a point-and-click adventure game developed by Wormwood Studios and made available on Steam through the Greenlight system.  It features a fully voice-acted cast with a retro graphical art style that pays homage to the classical age of gaming.PLOT (No Spoilers):The story of Primordia takes place in a post-apocalyptic future where machines have taken over the world after the human race fought itself into extinction.  You follow the adventures of a self-aware android named Horatio Nullbuilt and his companion Crispin Horatiobuilt both residing inside a crashed ship called 'The UNNIIC'.  When a mysterious and powerful robot steals their power source, both Horatio and Crispin embark on a quest to seek out a new power source which eventually leads them to the mechanical city of Metropol.PROS:+ Good Retro Art Style+ Great character writing and developments+ Good story with an interesting back-story+ Atmospheric environment and world design+ Consequence-based choices that can affect the final outcome of the story+ Fully voice-acted characters+ Healthy game time of at least 6-8 hours depending on how quickly the player solves the puzzles+ Steam cloud supportCONS:- No 'HD' or Widescreen Support, in which the game opts instead for a pitiful 320x200 resolution which, frankly speaking, makes my eyes hurt.- The game has a fetish for the color brown- Puzzles are sometimes irritatingly difficult- Does not expand much on the back-story which, in my opinion, is far more interesting than the main story- The game's humor is a hit and missCONCLUSION:GREAT POINT-AND-CLICK EXPERIENCE.I Green-lit this game when it showed up in my Queue because I was very interested in its concept, setting, and back-story, and once it was released I purchased it and found a fun and absorbing point-and-click game with homage to the classical style of the genre.WORTH IT?Overall, Primordia is a great point-and-click adventure game that provides at least 6-8 hours’ worth of game time. In addition, for only $10 (or your regional equivalent), it is definitely worth a look especially if you're a fan of the genre.---------------------------------------------------------Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:Miyumi's Review Corner (MIRECO)"
76561198114821234,Recommended,227000,32824656,Posted: 26 June,all,ade,"I just LOVE it. The Art is timeless, the story is compelling and intense. Best buy ever. Horatio Nullbuilt ftw"
,Not Recommended,227000,18337296,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Simian Deity,"Primordia is a classic point and click adventure game, with gameplay reminiscent of Zork, King's Quest, or Monkey Island. You will gather, combine, and use items found throughout the world to solve problems, and you will be asked to solve the occasional riddle.You take on the role of Horatio Nullbuilt, a robot who lives in the wasteland, salvaging parts to repair a derelict flying ship. The game begins when a strange robot cuts his way into the side of your ship, shoots you, and steals your vital power core. Without a power source to recharge your body you will surely die, so you and your companion (a floating, armless sidekick named Crispin Horatiobuilt) set out to recover your core, or at least to find a suitable replacement.The game is divided into two major parts: first, you wander the wasteland searching for a power core, then eventually you leave the wasteland for a second location. Once you transition to the second area, you will no longer be able to access the wasteland portion of the game. Along the way, you will meet many strange robots, unravel mysteries about your world and your own past, and uncover a sinister plot.Storytelling is Primordia's greatest strength. Once the narrative picks up (beginning about halfway through the wasteland section), the story really engages the player. The cast of characters (most of which are found in the game's second area) are surprisingly well realized. Each has a distinct personality and a clear motivation. Your relationships with each of them feel genuine, and even your enemies feel well rounded.The game's setting and art style combine with the well realized characters to create a compelling sense of place. Despite the low resolution environments and sprites, Primordia's world feels bigger than the screen it plays out on. Stellar voice acting and a droning ambient soundtrack put the finishing touches on a beautifully desolate world.For all its strengths, though, Primordia's downfall is the gameplay. In the 80s and early 90s, point and click adventures were among the best represented genres in PC gaming. Since the rise of 3D graphics and the emergence of new styles of adventure game, they have retreated to the niche and indie markets. My memories of those old adventure games are pleasant, and it takes a game like Primordia to clear the fogged lenses of time. Simply put, even the best made adventure games tend to have puzzles whose solution only seemed apparent to the designer. And Primordia is far from the best made adventure game.The first issue is that puzzles in Primordia often have nonsensical solutions, or worse, do not permit you to use the most obvious solution. One puzzle early on asked me to plug a pair of ventilation ducts. The first I plugged easily with a piece of scrap cut from a nearby structure, but despite there being three more identical pieces of scrap to cut from, the game would not permit me to do so, and instead demanded I locate an unrelated item that did not seem to fit (according to the visual representations in the game). And these logical disconnects are such frequent occurrances, you will soon find yourself simply trying to use every item in your inventory on each puzzle in the hope that a solution will present itself.The second issue is the way the game arbitrarily cuts you off from certain areas, objectives, and even major plot threads. It is even possible to lock yourself out of ""winning"" the game (you can still complete the game and achieve one of the ""bad"" endings) through a blindly made choice in the first 30 minutes of play.Lastly (and this is a small complaint), the inclusion of achievements seems to undermine the freedom built into the game's choices. When there are three ways to resolve a puzzle, but one awards an achievement, there is a real sense that there is a ""right way"" to play, stifling any sense of freedom the system might have otherwise provided.These serious and frankly unforgivable design flaws sour what might have been an excellent game. Die hard point and click adventure fans will probably push right through, but if you are an average modern gamer with fond memories of classic adventure games, prepare to be reminded of all the bad mechanics that made those games such a frustrating experience."
,Recommended,227000,32210716,Posted: 5 June,all,Salted11,"Very satisfying point-and-click puzzle solver with an engrossing story with unique and interesting characters.  The premise is excellent if the puzzles are on the challenging side.  Well thought-out game design allowed for multiple solutions to some of the key puzzles.  The multiple endings were all interesting and relevant to the storyline.Some bugs resulted in dropped items but with frequent saves (also to safeguard choices), there shouldn't be any issues.A must-grab from any sale."
,Recommended,227000,26510877,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,The Dark Lord,"•	Great Voice acting•	Good Puzzles•	Very good art style•	Very good story•	Multiply endings that make sense100% Recommended to the fans of adventure, Sci-fi, post-apocalyptic setting."
76561197966134367,Recommended,227000,23041400,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Luihutin,"I judge puzzle adventure games by a single rule:Every puzzle in the game must be solvable within the game's own universe without requiring more than a grasp of English. No trips to Google to check bible passages or pop culture references.And that's it. That's why Primordia's difficulty is well-earned and satisfying to figure out on your own. That's all I need to know about a point-n-click, and that's what you should need as well (but okay fine, the writing is also absolutely hilarious and full of personality)."
,Recommended,227000,27352681,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bolaum,"A game about being human, but as a robot.Amazing 12/10"
76561198106096794,Recommended,227000,16539480,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fabuloussaurus Rex,"One of the best post-apocalypic/cyberpunk games I have ever played. Buy it now, I don't have anymore to say than that."
54321567890044645,Recommended,227000,17781635,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,J..,"Really enjoyed Primordia overall. Play time 8hrs.Things i liked:- Good story, with cool characters.- Excellent polylogues.- Jokes.- Sense of progression.- ""I am waiting"", ""A simple model.""Somethings i found annoying were:- I wasn't always able to discern clickable objects (objects that had a hover-over text component) which hindered my progress. (MOST ANNOYING)- I couldn't always tell when story paths were diverging, though this more subtle style of nuance might be a aesthetic feature.- Some puzzles required an excessively broad associative horizon, which didn't always match real world thinking (according to me)."
,Recommended,227000,20882524,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Predator Magnet,Initiating System...Humor...................................CHECKMeaningful dialogues.............CHECKFun Puzzles............................CHECKBeautiful World Desing...........CHECKAwesome Background Story...CHECKMultiple Endings.....................CHECKSystem Complete.Do you want to play (Y/Y)?_
76561198068919027,Not Recommended,227000,11458544,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,dana13424,"So first things first, i did not finish this game. I liked it, but there came a time when i said enough was enough. I gave up on the game not because it's broken, no because the stories bad, and not because it's a bad game. I stopped because i couldn't stand some design choices made by the developer. If you don't have a problem with some of the issues i have with this game, then it might be a better game then i let on.This game is good, the stories a bit so-so (i am not a sci-fi fan, so this may not be the case for you), but there is a depth to the world that makes exploration satisfying. For an adventure game (and a sci-fi), it's not bad. Adventure games are usually sold based on their stroy, or their atmosphere and world; this one falls squarely with the interesting world brand of adventure games. It takes a serious stance to its story, so if you wanted another monkey island-ish adventure game, keep looking. The visuals are solid, and what humor there is (mainly in the form of referenceses, such as the crowbar) isn't very satisfying, but it's harmless.Where the game lost me is its choice on puzzle design. There comes a time when you have to do some tasks, like convince 2 robots to stop arguing. The problem i have with it is they don't give you the information for long, so you either have to write it down or memorize it. Only after writing it down can you try to solve the riddle. It's a bit backwards, where you have to work around outdated, missing, or omited mechanics to get to the puzzle before you've even had a chance to ponder it. There is a device that records important pieces of information, but what it deems as important can be hit or miss sometimes (such as the robot diologue riddles, where the riddles aren't written down).The game also does a very poor job of giving hints if your stuck. This problem, and a few others, are indicitive of the genre. One such problem is having puzzles where you have to guess at what the developer wanted you to use to progress. An example would be ruining soup in some adventure game, where you have mud, shoe polish, and a rat. Only one will ruin the soup, despite all of them being viable in a realist sense.In the end, this is an adventure game, so replayability is already low. I'd rather not waste my time reruning the same diologue trees over and over, which is what i found i had to do for the robot riddle puzzles. If I couldn't write fast enough (cus memorizing the jargen and name drops was not easy), i would have to guess and restart. There are i believe 5 riddles or so, so having to restart from the 4th on can be annoying to say the least. At this point, the game felt more like work then fun, so i gave up on it. I didn't want to put in that much effort for what i felt was not enough in return.You are expected to bring a lot to the table to get through the game. Good memory, write stuff down, and replay the same section over if you experiment. You will find that trying to force your way through diologue puzzles is very time consuming. If you get stuck and fall back on this, you might feel inticed to cheat (as i was). When i feel like i have to resort to a walkthrough to make progress, the game begins to feels like a chore. It's not fun when you have to use a walkthrough for an adventure game, because relying on it really takes you out of the world. Personally, i call it quits at that point, as i did hereTo reiterate, this is not a bad game. It's a game with a vision that i fell outside of. If you played a lot of old-school adventure games, or you're a sci-fi fan, you might find a lot to like. If you find you didn't like older adventure games (or Daedelic's brand of adventure games, like The Dark Eye or Memoria), or you gravitate towards newer games like the Telltale brand of adventure games, this game may not be to you're liking.If an old-school sci-fi adventure game with some of the problems of older games, as well a bit unforgiving approach to game design (in that you will solve problems for yourself, without more help then the developer deems nessassary) sound good to you, then this might be a game you will enjoy.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------If anyone should wonder why the developer of the game commented on this review (i was very suprised about it, personally), it's because he questioned some of my reasons for quiting, as well as questioning why i would post a review of a game i played so little of. After being initially♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i thought a lot about the review and realized how many assuptions i had taken as fact. I heavily edited the review after i thought about it, namely because the initial review didn't convey what i wanted it to; this game was not for me, for the reasons listed above, but it might be the game for you depending on your tastes.The developer didn't harrass me (though initially i thought he had), and i am changing this review because i feel like it. Mark was a decent guy, and he responded more calmly and professionally then i thought he would. I made the changes i did because i was initially wrong, the developer earned my respect, and i had gone back over the review and found it unsatisfactory. If you think this makes my review less reliable, then so be it. You have been informed."
76561197983609040,Recommended,227000,10076787,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,hydrozero,"Six alternate endings and various ways to complete many of the challenges all through out the game. Most of the time adventure games are incredibly linear. Don't get me wrong. I love point-a-click adventures, but Primordia is underappreciated for giving the player multiple choices through out the story.Add really great art direction, soundtrack, and a solid story and the game quickly becomes a favorite."
,Recommended,227000,7563330,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Sardonic,"Don't let the middling metacritic score fool you.  This is a great adventure game in an amazing setting.  There are a few spots where a guide is nessisary, but still, one not to be missed for adventure game fans."
,Recommended,227000,12295147,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,SaMa,"What an amazing game!If you are a point & click adventure lover, like myself, you'll feel good with this game. :DIf you are not into adventure games, but appreciates good stories and atmospheres, you'll like it also.It reminds me of Beneath A Steel Sky, another amazing cyberpunk adventure, but Primordia is darker.Worth mentioning:- Awesome atmosphere (what can I say? Mysterious cyberpunk raining scenarios are awesome... Hey Gemini Rue!)- Very good story- Challenging puzzles (but resisted walkthroughs, I have a trauma regarding The Dig... :( The last and only I ""cheated"")- Nice background arts- Good voice acting (like all Wadjet Eye games, I must say)"
76561198082554252,Recommended,227000,20273116,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ardelin,"Among the many things that make Primordia great are:+ fantastic, gripping storyline, taking you on an adventure through a dieing world+ unique art style and music that will highjack your imagination+ great voice acting - hey, Logan Cunningham is here!+ humor, and lots of it+ characters you really care about+ puzzles that will make you think+ you don't have to worry that you will be stuck at some point (Crispin will give you a hint if needed)+ commentary and blooper tracks added as an option+ many possible endings - it's all up to you+ developers that really care about the users and will help you out with the game if there is any issue.Come on, how cool is that?The only thing I think can be annoying is that it runs as 640x400. You can set it as a full-screen, but still - if you aren't a pixel fan, this can bug you. As for me - I hardly even noticed this, since the game itself sucked me in instantaneously. Quite frankly, I think I'm in love."
,Recommended,227000,12470545,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,RosePlayedThis,"I really liked this game. It had great atmosphere, nice voice acting, and the story really *worked*. The world was well-developed, the characters were interesting, the sidekick adds a bit of humour. The multiple different endings is also a nice touch that you don't always see in adventure games.I think this is one of the best adventure games I've played lately. Really nice work."
76561197971653267,Recommended,227000,16378600,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,EvoZX,Love this types of games and this one is no exception.-Great voice acting-Beautiful artwork-Great atmosphere-Has a decent replay value
,Recommended,227000,25488368,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,splitsticks,"This game is inspired.  If you like realistic sci-fi stories then buy this.  Primordia is thought-provoking and engrossing from start to finish.  So few games can build up hype and then exceed your expectations, but for me Primordia did.  This game starts with great art and characters, then weaves a deep world full of inspired lore, and closes with some encounters that left me marveling at the game's writing.  Without spoiling anything, I was not expecting the dialogue in the antagonist encounter to be that effective and it completely caught me off-guard.My only complaint is that there were one or two places where click-able objects weren't clear enough.  The actual puzzles all make sense and they range from simple crafting to serious lateral thinking.  Also I suppose the game would have benefitted from a few additional animations for some of the weightier plot moments, but that's forgiveable.Can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,227000,28386959,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Soundwave MD,"This is one of those point-and-click games that starts off as ""Oh, ok"" and gradually progresses to ""This is awesome."" Play it."
76561198041959059,Recommended,227000,25558936,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Legs_,A few years late to this game but it absolutely holds up. Great point and click adventure. Great story. The way I see it if cost is prohibative is that a movie costs more than this game but you'll get more time out of this game than a film.
,Recommended,227000,16668195,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TheManko,"Primordia doesn’t have the best start. During the first 20 minutes I was pushing myself to continue based only on the positive reputation of the title. I’m glad I stuck with it, because when it gets going it’s an admirable game. The world and the story has as much rigorous thought and attention put to it as you could ever demand of a title.My only problem with the game (apart from the slow start) is the puzzles. I don’t mind slow paced games, or solving puzzles. But there’s something with the point-and-click form that makes me lose patience faster than 3d puzzle games like Portal or Antichamber. There’s always walkthroughs to help out players like me, but I don’t like going that route. There’s puzzles in Primordia where I have no idea how I would have ever solved them, like in my entire life, without looking up the solution. I want to see what happens next in the story, that’s my primary interest in these titles. But the designers thought otherwise, and because they thought this was a good idea, I’m not going to think ill of anyone who likes the puzzles. It’s just not for me. And I guess it’s “not really a problem” because faqs exist. But I wish there was something else that could be done with this type of game. Of all the point-and-click games I’ve played there’s only a couple where I haven’t hit a wall because of pixel hunting. Those moments always make me wonder what the point is.Despite that rambling second paragraph I would absolutely recommend Primordia to anyone who likes the look of it. It’s superb sci-fi, of the kind that’s not just rare in games, but rare anywhere. It treats its characters and the world with intelligence and respect. What made the first 20 minutes a bit dull was that I couldn't tell how ambitious it was going to be with the setting. I mean I've seen a ton of stories start out like this with lonely scavengers in the desert. But when it started dropping hints about what the game would really be about it made me increasingly excited. It takes a serious stab at exploring what life as a machine in a world run by machines would be like. What their religions and laws could be. Echoes of their human ancestors, now adapted for their style of thinking. And it does this without any attempt at dumbing it down for a wide audience. A gutsy thing to do, and it works."
,Recommended,227000,11133804,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Torchiest,"Primordia is quite good overall. Among its best assets are its strong sense of style and its audio.  Both the music and the voice acting are excellent.  The graphics are on the pixelated side, but totally serviceable. In fact, they, along with the overall feel of the game, harken back strongly to the old classic Beneath a Steel Sky.  The puzzles are pretty well done, with most in the mid-range of difficulty. There's really not much to complain about, and this game is an easy buy for any adventure gamer."
76561198029839679,Recommended,227000,26543939,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,risingrob,"Primordia might be the single best point & click game in existence. It is a classic point & click adventure game set a in post-apocalyptic world with stunning and handcrafted pixel art, outstanding narration and one of the most atmospheric soundtracks you will ever encounter.Graphics:Each place you visit during the game offers very well-drawn and thematic pixel art with a good animation quality. More importantly, everything offers a feel of authenticity, which keeps you immersed in this post-apocalyptic sci-fi world.Sound, Music & Voice:The soundeffects are very decent for a point & click game. What really outshines all else are the soundtrack and the narration. The soundtrack is the most immersive and fitting I've ever encountered in this genre. It has around 40 (!) different tracks, which is very rare to see for such a game. The narration of the two main characters is very well done and their lines vary between fitting, serene and often amusing. In fact, it was so well done that I had to listen to the hints despite having solved a puzzle, just to hear all they had to say!Gameplay & Story:You control two robot companions, stranded in a post-apocalyptic world, where man has perished and become a myth. Your task is to solve different puzzles in the typical point & click style. Your goal is to repair your broken down ship and leave this world. You will visit different locations within the gameworld to find objects and solve puzzles which consist in many cases of applying one or two items to a certain location. Many of the puzzles are challenging but fair. Only for a few I had to go 'pixel hunting' and click everything on the screen to find what I was looking for. Should you have trouble solving a puzzle, your trusty robot companion at your side will always have a few hints for you ready!The world is incredibly well built and the story kept me glued to the screen until I reached one of the many endings after around 12 hours.Funfactor:I enjoyed this game more than any other point & click adventure game I have ever played. In my opinion it even outshines the well praised Machinarium. Minor gripes were some technical issue while trying to launch the game for the first time.Verdict:MUST BUY!Amazing world, story, pixel art, narration and soundtrack. If you have not played this game yet, it is my personal favourite point & click of all times. A must to play!"
,Recommended,227000,7749034,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Siegfried Jean LesSix,I'M HAVING A ♥♥♥♥ING EXISTENTIAL CRISIS!Get this if you like philosophical♥♥♥♥♥♥and/or classic PC point n' click adventures.
76561198035054806,Recommended,227000,13346527,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,sara_bear,"Love the story. Love the Heavy Metal mag feel. Hate the graphics quality. Game play is a tad too crude, but tolerable for a point and click.Next time devs  spend more money on art!"
,Recommended,227000,8544661,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SwooshBear,"This game is awesome. It seems like a simple point-and-click adventure game at first but it's full of surprises. The puzzles in the game aren't complicated but are still challenging enough to make you stop and think about it. There are a lot of different endings and multiple ways to complete the end goal. It's world is very engaging and it was the first ""point-and-click"" game that I wanted to keep playing after it was over. Art style, music/sound, characters, and story are all wonderful. I am looking forward to see what else the developers are working on next."
76561198055434938,Recommended,227000,32739456,Posted: 24 June,all,TrainStation,"This is a fantastic game, especially the story behind it.  I won't spoil anything, and the game isn't extremely long to complete, once you know all of it, it's fairly small.  Good puzzles, interaction with objects, and a great storyline.  This game does not have a ""Choices Matter"" tag, and it should.  There are a lot of small things that can influence how you complete the game, for better or worse.  It has much more important choices and a good list of endings that are much better than most games with a ""Choices Matter"" tag, but only have one or two endings anyway."
76561198023019965,Recommended,227000,34513938,Posted: 26 August,all,Pablo,"Watching a good Science fiction movie was always a rare experience to have, even more so an original one....Playing a good and original Science fiction game....that's even less probable, it feels like finding a very special treasure.Good words have been around for Primordia since it came out in 2012 (I'm now playing it for the first time in 2017) and i can say it's all pretty much justified.The game has a good story, with interesting characters, both main and secondary ones. It has an interesting beginning, a well handled middle and an ending ( and a pretty good one at that, although that depends on which ending you get).Besides been good or bad, it's always satisfying to see that the creator of the game has put as much dedication to the ending(s) of the game as the beginning. The game has a good flow all around and it (almost) never comes down. It's 97% good, which is a rare thing in itself.The game has a late 1990s graphic adventure style, although it is from 2012. You can either take it or leave it. I know that's not the reason why i was interested in playing this game, and i'm really not nostalgic at all for playing a game like that.That being said, there is a certain time for ""getting used to"" the low res graphics and full screen style, but once you are past that and well into the game, it is a very interesting story, you will forget about everything else.And that's only because the story is good, the voice acting is also good, the script is well written and feels right and compelling. And the design of the game is as much original and though out as the script, you really feel like looking, if not at least reading a visual novel of the future.Humans have disappeared from the earth. All that survives are machines built by machines from the past, the Primordium. And you are a loner, a robot living in the dunes outside the city in a broken ship that you are fixing, hoping one day,  it will fly away... but all those dreams are put on hold when suddenly one day your ship is sabotaged and the power core stolen from it. You face a slow death until your energy drains out, so you are forced to go out of your comfort zone and into the big city Metropol, in search of your missing link.It really feels like it could work for any good movie or even a AAA game. The music also fits very nice within the game.The puzzles are very original, as the story and for the most part are very fun when you find the solution. There are one or two exceptions, especially one certain  game of words....which at least in my case, needed and external reference to be completed, and of course that's not good at all when you have to, go looking for a clue outside the game, that's a total killer, but besides that all the rest of the puzzles are very good.The pace of the game is very fluid, and the inclusion of a hint system built into your sidekick works very organically without ruining the game experience and the satisfaction of figuring out most of the things by yourself.The story has even time to be not only serious, and funny, but also a little philosophical , posing real science fiction questions about time , technology and the future of human society."
76561198066503554,Recommended,227000,23742337,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,44,"Almost since the decline of professional adventure games, fans have been making their own games.  These have varied wildly in quality, but in more recent years indie studios such as Wadjet Eye Games have managed to churn out charming retro games with regularity.  They generally strike the right balance in difficulty, the hand-painted art is often beautiful, and the stories are often interesting.  These games are not for everyone, of course, as games of this sort may seem ""dated"" or slow to modern gamersTo me, Primordia exemplifies the best aspects of most retro adventure games, with wonderful graphics (again, in a low res way that some appreciate more than others) and classic point and click exploration.  Primordia, however, distances itself from its peers through superior story, characters, and story structure.  The basic premise is an interesting one, and game designer and writer Mark Yohalem develops that premise expertly and meticulously.  The world unfolds naturally as you join Horatio and Crispin on their adventure.  The themes are more complex and nuanced than what you will see in most games.  The puzzles feel true to the world rather than thrown in just because you have to have them.This is, in my opinion, the best game published by Wadjet Eye, and one of the best adventure games in recent memory.  If you're interested in going out on a limb and try an adventure game, consider trying this one.  If you're already a fan of retro games or thoughtful sci-fi, this is a no-brainer."
76561197997506993,Recommended,227000,32019972,Posted: 28 May,all,Charha,"Primordia tells a post-apocalyptic story of a mechanical hermit who needs to find a stolen power core. The art style, voice acting and soundtrack are pretty top notch and the story itself is cool too. The setting and the gameplay gave me some good old ""Beneath a Steel Sky"" vibes.My only complaint is that there was a ridiculous amount of confusing number puzzles featuring various keypads and codes that you have to figure out by means of deduction and paying really close attention to dialogue. It got pretty tedious for me. Robots love numbers, but I don't."
,Recommended,227000,13378992,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Artaphia,"Although Primordia is a game small in scope in several ways, it manages to insinuate a world so much bigger and personalitites so much deeper than it can actually describe.Our main character Horatio is pragmatic and taciturn, in contrast to his cheerful companion, the little floating robot Crispin; But these are only the main characters; throughout the game you meet numerous different robots with distinct personalities and little by little you learn more about the city of Metropol, and how it became what it is.The game mechanics are your old-school adventure game point-and-click, as well as the retro-style graphics.If you find the pixely look of the game distasteful, rest assured, it has all the pixels it needs to convey the worn-down world you explore. The puzzles vary in difficulty, but if you find yourself stuck, you can ask Crispin for hints. Throughout most of the game I found the difficulty quite suitable.Also, certain dialogue outcomes will affect the game- there are multiple endings to this story!What makes Primordia worth playing, and what makes it stand out from other games that are also worth playing, is its extraordinary world-building and story-telling. Through simple means it manages to be engaging and touching and pokes at my curiosity for story- one that I choose the ending for.A playthrough is about 6 hours."
76561197965502125,Recommended,227000,25683248,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Cosmic Foam,An excellent point-and-click. Truly engaging characters and top-notch storytelling. There's a constant hinting at a rich backstory which fits perfectly into the narrative. It hooked me from the start and I basically just plowed through it from the moment I installed it. I wished it could have gone on and on in spite of the wonderfully satisfying ending(s). Just looking at the images on the store page makes me miss the bleak yet beautifully drawn landscapes and locales.
,Recommended,227000,23851173,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Drobile,"Wow! Just as good as any great 1991 era point and click adventure. Story, atmosphere, characters, art -- and it has like 7 different endings, and they were all great. Super recommend."
,Recommended,227000,1883651,"Posted: 7 December, 2012",all,qptain Nemo,"An absolute must play. Admirable in every aspect: writing, graphics, music, puzzles, all the optional and non-linear bits... This is how you do an adventure game."
,Recommended,227000,25698373,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,kenosarawa,"This is what a point-and-click adventure should be. Story, characters, dialogue, challenging puzzles, atmosphere, art style. The only bad thing about this game is that it eventually ends. Until that point, it is an absolute treasure.The banter between Horatio and Crispin is probably the best part of the story. Anyone who was ever a fan of the classic Lucasarts point-and-click adventures should get this game at once."
,Recommended,227000,13187997,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Langusteer,"A true gem among adventure games.The puzzles is most of the time very manageable without becoming menial or to hard.One of those rare games that you think about 2 weeks after you have finished it and even now months later I still think about this game's world from time to time.It doesn't tell you everything, but will let you figure out things about the world yourself. I've read other reviews stating that the story in never told which is nothing but nonsense. This game will tell you a story about a series of well defined characters but will leave large parts of the world unexplained but with enough hints to give you a good ground to figure the rest out your self. This is not a weakness but a strength. Leaving mysteries makes a world grow and leaves place for the players imagination."
76561198087174877,Recommended,227000,21785764,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,zauerli,"★★★★☆Everything is spot on here: Story, voice acting, score and graphics.The best thing for me: the puzzles are logical so far.I always expect this of ""point&clicks"" and often get very disappointed early on.Make sure to run ""winsetup.exe"" in your local game content folderto setup the graphics and other options before you run the game.“Who says androids got no hearts?”― Judd Trichter, Love in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction★★★★☆"
76561197980825206,Recommended,227000,7991470,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Nafzook,"An awesome adventure game that with great atmosphere, perfect soundtrack and a well written, intriguing storycaptivates you. the puzzles are logical and the voice acting is sublime.Buy this freaking game!"
,Recommended,227000,8046557,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,SuperFightingRobot,"I've never liked adventure games, mainly because I'm terrible at puzzles, but the art style of this game made me curious, so I pirated it. Turns out the storyline was amazing (if a bit on the short side) and the music was excellent. So I bought it.Seriously, do yourself a favor and play this game, it's incredible."
76561198027920892,Recommended,227000,20395712,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DramaticHusbando,"Adventure-light with cute graphics, wonderful puzzles and extremely dark existential undertones."
,Recommended,227000,30992465,Posted: 7 April,all,CSH Picone,"Absolute ripper of a game set in a dystopian post-organism future. If this had come out when point-and-click adventures were popular, it would be remembered alongside King's Quest and the other greats.For the full review, check out:http://www.cshpicone.com/game-review-primordia"
,Recommended,227000,29018960,Posted: 4 January,all,IntrinsicVoid,"I haven´t completed this game yet at the time of writing, butI need to see no more before I make up my mind.BUY THIS GAME! It's unlikely you would regret it.The game is exacly what the store page leads to belive, and than some more.The game is not too short, like some other games in the genre. There is enough content to enjoy.The puzzles are not very hard, but also not completely obvious. The art style is robust but very good!The voice acting is falwless. And The game is filled with (mostly sarcastic) humor. Humor is difficult to do right, but I assure you this game is done just right!You can tell work and love was put into this game. It wasn't made in one day, so to say.The storyline progresses as you progress in the game, keeping the game even more interesting. I find the story original and interesting. Not predictable, but once you progress it makes sens. A good storyline!The game will make you laugh, it will show you beutiful places, it will spark you imagination... It's just worth buying! Buy it."
,Recommended,227000,25848428,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,MidnightMongoose,"First let me start off by saying that the reason I have not written a review for this masterpiece sooner is simply because I didnt feel like I could do it justice. I still dont feel like I can do that, but I will take a shot.It is easily my favourite point and click, I love everything about it, from the artwork to the story to the voice acting. The only thing I wish they would improve on is the fact that they are not going to make any more content in Primordia's universe. This game truely is a gem though, and for its price even more so I would say that if you love story games, or want to try one, Primordia is one of the best choices out there.Sorry for the crap review."
,Recommended,227000,22857305,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,adeilt,"I've read hundreds of thousands of pages of science fiction, and in my opinion, the story in Primordia is a solidly good one."
,Recommended,227000,8104757,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Naru,"At first I bought Primordia just because I thought the graphics were cool with it's dark and gloomy style. But the game surprised me really good with it's intelligent puzzles and challenges as well as hidden easter eggs. All dialouges, characters and the alternative endings really make it worthwhile and I'll cheerish the time I had playing Primordia.It's not a game for everyone, but you'll love it if you're into puzzle or point-and-click games."
,Recommended,227000,30712518,Posted: 24 March,all,Starwink,"Primordia is one of the best written and smartest games I played, from dialogue, to puns and wits. The puzzles are fun and not extremely challenging, and the story evolves nicely. The themes covered are conscience, myth and history, making analogies about their relationship with their creators.  This was the most interesting part of the game, the writer knew how to use this to make me think about my relationship with the world around me, how limited a being can be by its own ""programming"" and how someone's right is not a general right. A very philosophical game to play, and one of the best from Wadjet Eye."
76561197972386869,Recommended,227000,31938022,Posted: 24 May,all,Samadhi,"This game satisfied an itch for the old Sierra point-and-clicks of the late 80s and early 90s. In fact, in many ways it one-ups its predecessors due to it's amazing art, great story/voice acting, and dark atmosphere. It could have been longer but it was not too short, I just wasn't particularly ready for it to end. I sincerely hope Wadgeteye/Wormwood have a sequel is in the works. I feel a great franchise could be borne from this excellent title.If you enjoy point-and-click adventure games you really owe it to yourself to try Primordia.My only minor complaint is that the developer did not implement a point system, like the old Sierra games had, to aid in achieving 100% completion. The achievement system works as an adequate substitute here, I suppose."
,Recommended,227000,24500131,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,DinHerio,"Sometimes you need to nourish the little seed in your little mind to remember why you do what you do, even though it might lead to nothing meaningful, still costs a life-time of mastering the most complex of human endeavours. The biggest means to accomplish that so far were Choice of Robots, SOMA, The Talos Principle and, as of now, Primordia.Funny, I never cared about Point&Click-Adventures before."
76561198056948319,Recommended,227000,26303554,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,RE4everMK,"Great story and voice actors. But be warned. You will probably get frustrated and end checking a guide in order to advance. I did and don't regret it. In fact, I recommend you to do so before getting frustrated like I did."
,Recommended,227000,26257256,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,MaD HaTTeR,"This is hands down, the best storyline/gameplay I've found on any adventure point and click. Total replayability w/multiple endings. 10/10 have bought for friends."
76561198160318124,Recommended,227000,29080550,Posted: 6 January,all,egor.ananyev,"Melancholy, witty, and remarkably well-written and well-acted. It sets the kind of world you want to see more of, while the characters are unexpectedly likable. The plot is fantastic, and makes you wonder about the nature of justice, logic, religion, and about being human. Every pixel is beautiful. I wish it was longer."
,Recommended,227000,29164294,Posted: 10 January,all,NanduNandu,"Between the dunes of a once fertile planet lies a broken vessel, which purpose has been lost to time. Within the hull lives Horatio Nullbuilt and his companion Crispin. They make use of what they can salvage from the dust-covered wrecks of the wasteland, trying to survive on their own in a dying world. The loss of their energy source will lead them from the solitude of their home and to the city of Metropol. A pearl of the wasteland and a beacon of energy, filled with robots like them. There machines trade, live and prosper as their creators once did, the Humans, which long ago walked the once green earth.Although a game about automatons and their emotionless struggle, Primordia convey emotions of the opposite nature. The game feels timeless in the sense that it deals with our eternal pursuit for purpose.  It stays relevant by exploring our theoretical future in which we have spoiled the earth that gives us food, shelter and life.In a time where we are constantly bombarded with filtered happiness from social media, Primordia reflect our inner feelings of loneliness and solitude. It may seem that this game is a homage to the old point and click-era of the 90s, it is not, it stands tall own its own."
76561198126868637,Recommended,227000,25912872,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,∂αηki3,"I'm a little late on this one but I just felt the need to leave a review on it.I grew up playing point&click adventure games, and I played pretty much all of the 90's classics, so unfortunatly nowadays it can be quite hard for me to find a game that keeps up with the expectations I have for this kind of games but I can tell you that Primordia is on par with the best games of this genre.It's a blast of joy and nostalgia to play a title like this that makes me feel like a kid again exploring a new awesome unknown world.Primordia has a Beneath a Steel Sky vibe to it that instantly got me hooked, but even if you didn't play any of the older point&click titles Primordia would be a great place to start because it's so damn charming!The story of the game is engaging and well-written, the soundtrack and voice-acting is great, the characters are memorable and make you feel attached to them.The game puzzles are not too hard but they offer a good challenge, although this may vary from person to person depending on the experience you have with this genre.The only downside I can think of is that the game is a bit short but the multiple endings and achievements give Primordia a good degree of replayabilty that other games lack.This game is a MUST-PLAY, and I just want to thank Wormwood Studios and Wadjet Eye Games for this amazing experience."
76561198005351852,Recommended,227000,25915583,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dr. Greenman The Scary Scientist,"When I saw this game, it has some interesting feels on it and when I found out it is like those old school point and click games, I ecided to get this one since I didn't play one of those for long time, most were some kids game or other, but this one has nice apocalyptic mood on it and I love it's visual style.The controls are simple, just point and click, getting into inventory is simple as moving my mouse up to see it and if I ever feel lost what to do next, I just need to ask someone what they would do.This game also feature the multiple endings, but I don't know yet how much there is since I did play for couple of hours.If my review is pretty confusing, I don't blame you.When I review MY reviews, I'm thinking myself: ""What was I talking about""So I put some pros, neutrals and cons with reasons on this game.PROS+ Art styleIt has nice pixel art style like those old school point and click games and I like the designs of the characters and others+ Voice actingLike any other point and click games (or any games) they have voice acting and they sound pretty good or even well done in my opinion, especially Crispin being sarcastic and mostly paranoid about like giant cannibal robot.+ Good sidekickLike I said about Crispin, I like his charming punchlines and sarcastic nature.He also is reliable on certain area where you need get something or get somewhere, he even give some ideas what to do next+ PuzzlesWho doesn't like puzzles, not you?Then why did you pick this game, if you don't like puzzles?Anyway, this game mostly puzzle on certain parts where you have to either combine, poke with it, ask or anything else and this game is not like you can get stuck forever, you just need to think about what would you do or first gather info and then figure it out or ask Crispin what would he do on that, not like he straightforward tells you, but suggest something.+RobotsIt's about robotsNEUTRALS= StoryThis game has that simple story, I wont spoil anything else, but the beginning, you are Horatio who is trying to rebuild the crashed ship to fly with it, but then some big unknown floating robot comes to ship, shoots you and steal your power core, after that you woke up and decided to do something about it.Welp, I'm not usually care about the story, but it is huge part of this game, but I don't usually follow it or even ""know"" does story make good sense, so that's why I put it as neutral because... I'm terrible to review the story part.= glitchs and bugsthere are some minor bugs and glitch on this game, but it's not severe or annoying, it's just there and it wont stop you to continue to play this game, just some quick freezing that you almost don't notice all the time and other rare glitches.CONS- Games lengthI do admit, it does make the game longer since you have to figure out the puzzles, but when you finish the game on first time, you just know almost all of it and you can just blow this game maybe almost under of hour, unless you think there is still something missing in it.CONCLUSIONI really like this game, too bad it is short, but it did took me over 5 hour to pass it first time and it is pretty addicting since I did played nonstop from 22:00 PM to 4:30 AM.It has only one cons in my opinion and that is not even a huge problem and I think this game pretty great since art style is beautiful and progression interesting on it.In other words, this game is worth for your attention if you like point and click games.Welp, that's all for now.Doktor Greenman, logging out."
,Recommended,227000,13779434,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dog1,".     The last point and click game I finished was DOTT. (That's Day of the Tentacle for all you young'ins out there.) So when I picked up this game I wasn't particularly expecting it to engage my interest beyond a mild Sci-Fi fascination..     From the first 10 minutes of playing I discovered an involving Sci-Fi story. This, compounded with the nostalgic, low resolution graphics, fired my imagination. Now I am eager to learn what lies in store for the main protagonist and his delightfully snarky side-kick..     I recommend this game for those of you with large imaginations and a penchant for dystopian Sci-Fi worlds."
,Recommended,227000,30329682,Posted: 4 March,all,Jin Roh,I loved every bit of this game.Awesome music.Awesome story.Awesome characters.and Crispin I could use a friend like that.
,Recommended,227000,11026934,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,MeTx,"A lot of things make this game brilliant. Besides being REALLY challenging and seemingly have multiple ways to solve a puzzle, it's story makes it an adventure, that is a joy to follow. The best part about it is the voice-acting and dialouge. The game is so well-written and so well told that when I started playing it, the only interruption that I allowed myself, was sleep.The game is an exciting tale about two robots and their powercore. I would recommend it to everyone who likes point-n-click games (and even if you don't, this game might be a refreshing change of pace). It took me 10 hours to complete it, and I do not regret it!EDIT: After having played other PnC games, I returned to this a second time. It is now my definite favorite adventure game. The atmosphere, the simplicity, the characters, and the story just makes for a grand experience, and I would recommend this for everyone who wants a good introduction for the genre."
76561197967659568,Recommended,227000,28550812,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,HCF,"This really is made in the style of 90s adventure games. It has a solid plot, good humour, good mechanics, and a very cool art style. I can't recommend it enough for people who like games like Monkey Island and Beneath A Steel Sky."
76561198091747337,Recommended,227000,25515408,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Magic Miller,"If Asimov wrote/designed video games, I imagine he would have come up with something like this."
,Recommended,227000,26127265,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,gimp,"I really enjoyed this point 'n click! It had a rich and immersive story, and very decent puzzles that were logical and challenging. The art was really cool, if just a little bit void of color. But taking place in a post apocalyptic era usually does that. The characters were diverse and unique and very relatable. The comic relief wasn'ttooannoying. And he gave actual helpful hints if you get stuck. Also, the voice acting was actually really well done! Not neeeearly as cheesey as some other ones out there. The story, though, is what really held me. Its got an awesome spin on robot society and what they would ""believe."" It also has multiple endings and multiple ways to solve puzzles, so good replay value. And if you like achievements, it's an easy 100%. You can tell a lot of love went into making this... It's not one you will soon forget!"
,Recommended,227000,13085478,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,RedtheCrimson,"In all honesty, if you don't like point and click games you should still pick up this one. This was my first point and click game, and I absolutely fell in love with it. The story is very intriguing, the voice acting is top notch, and the setting and atmosphere are very immersive.The only warning I'd give is the challenging puzzles to solve. Some are straight forward and easy, others can make you pull your hair out. Don't let that dissuade you from the game though, the story and the world are very much worth the effort.Give Primordia a shot, you won't regret it. If you are still uncertain about shelling out the full cost, wish list it and nab it when it hits a sale. A must have point and click adventure!"
76561198034134159,Recommended,227000,34188598,Posted: 12 August,all,Wonderferkel,"Pros:-Good puzzles-Great artstyle-Cool story-Awesome soundtrack-Amazing voice acting (oh, Logan...)-Replayability (several different endings)Cons:-No fullscreen (really, wtf?!)-Rather shortVerdict: A real solid for point&click fans that love a good story and challenging puzzles that are logical and not completely arbitrary as in other games of the genre. A great cast, lovely artstyle and good handling makes the game an instant favourite that you can replay once in a while without it becoming boring. Definitely worth its price."
,Recommended,227000,31557299,Posted: 5 May,all,Rafał W. Orkan,"Love the game and its concept to the very core. Post-organic, post-human post-apocalypse in the ""Dying Earth"" sci-fi genre is what I call damn fine choice of setting ;) Great visuals and music, very interesting story (with some nice and funny references)... and I love characters - all very deep and unique. Overall very good point&click adventure game. Top notch characrets design.Play it now!"
,Not Recommended,227000,11349131,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,J++,"I'm not giving a thumbs down because I out and out dislike the game - I'm not not entirely sure if it's worth the trailer hype and full price purchase given the shortcomings. Feels like a spiritual successor of sorts to Beneath A Steel Sky, something I'm surprised more people didn't pick up on. Visually it all works and the music pleasantly chugs along - Along with some humour from Horatio and Crispin.Here's the problem though; Just as the game allows you to get more comfortable and eager to explore the story more, it stops becoming fun. The middle section of the game has some painful 'swap this for that' puzzle sequences that become a chore, and you are only driven to continue because of the story, and trust me, you will be looking at a walkthrough at some point, some of the puzzles are too obtuse.It also ends far too soon - overall only having 2 main environments in the whole game is not that satisfying at all, and what could have been quite atmospheric starts to feel a little brownwashed. The character development was never built up long enough for me to feel any emotional connections with the characters, and there were some uninspired and cliched plot turns. Beneath A Steel Sky never varied too much in environment either but at least it stayed enjoyable right to the end. There are multiple paths in the game to take which will lead to different endings - but it really depends on whether you enjoyed the first run to want to do this, and I'm not entirely sure if I want to play this game again for a while. Shame there's no windowed mode either, can appreciate the Lucasarts style resolution/graphics decision but couldn't easily leave the window or tweak anything.I'm not saying it's a bad game, trust me, it isn't - I would just suggest you wait for it to go on sale, as there's a chance you could be disappointed like I was."
,Recommended,227000,7734655,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Taumpy Tearrs,"Based only on Primordia and Resonance, I'm on board with Wadjet Eye games being the new king of the old school point and click adventure.  Their games have felt the most like the Sierra and Lucasarts adventures I grew up on - strong puzzles, interesting characters, and a goofy sense of humor.  Primordia is shorter than I expected, but it has a surprisingly deep and engrossing story - and I love the art style.  The puzzles are actually pretty tough, but if you pay attention to the dialogue there are always hints.  So, be prepared to try every dialogue option and every combination of inventory items, and keep a pen and paper handy.  Also, save often.  There are multiple ways to solve puzzles and some of those lock you out of endings/achievements.  I have a habit of reading walkthroughs for areas after I have completed them because I like to make sure I got everything.  So I had to replay a few areas to get everything in ""one"" playthrough."
,Recommended,227000,7852593,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Stokes,"While some of the puzzles to solve are awfully obtuse, it is still a very enjoyable game with a great story."
,Recommended,227000,28335,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,Saftle,This game is freaken awesome so far. Brings me back to playing Day of the Tentacle and Beneath a Steel Sky. Definitely a must buy for any point & click adventure fan. Be sure to tweak the options using the winsetup.exe in the game directory to up the graphics.
76561198076365408,Recommended,227000,12157844,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,zekitbot,"One of the best adventure games I have ever played.  Solid dialogue, wonderful plot and characters.  Multiple endings, about 12 hours of gameplay, and a sassy robot sidekick that provides amusing commentary.  The voice acting and music are top notch."
,Recommended,227000,17872835,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,LeFtNuToFfUrY',"The best point and click adventure game I have personally ever played.  The story is fantastic and well executed with alot of dialog and character development that does not get overbearing.  The puzzels are sometimes a little frustrating but very satisfying once complete and it all culminates in multiple possible endings influenced by decisions made hours ago.  Machines worship Man just as humans worship gods, and this game immerses you in their world.  10/10."
76561198056675328,Recommended,227000,28499740,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Drobodur,"Great world, awesome voice acting, humor and interesting characters.Surprisingly logical story, conneted with world in many small details.Great art direction.Awful resolution, obtuse control scheme on some puzzles, and some bugs, that can strait up crash the game, requiring you to manage more then 1 or 2 saves.If devs could fix resolution problem (even with just ""smoothening"" everything down), it could be quite a hidden gem of whole Steam catalog.As it stands - it is awesome game for people, who dont mind to look past few obvious flaws, but not the game ""everyone"" could possibly enjoy at this state.Oh yea and it is somewhat short."
,Recommended,227000,29417984,Posted: 22 January,all,Beeps!,"Loved this game. I felt some emotional tugs by the end of it, and didn't want the game to end. I feel like there's so much that could be explored, but appropriately, there's only so much that can be told for this story. I was still satisfied though. Definitely stocking the flames for adventure in me!Definite recommend! Cheers!"
76561198077105674,Recommended,227000,6845552,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Mr JC Denton in Da Fresh,"A fantastic, fantastic point-click adventure game. Anybody who loves games with post-apocalyptic settings will enjoy this game. Good characters, interesting story, brilliant voice-acting and excellent artwork. I can't recommend this more, easily one of my favourite games to date."
,Recommended,227000,22621611,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,zeroghost,"A modern classic, solid entry in the point and click adventure genre.  Memorable characters, great melancholic score, thoughtful and witty story, wonderful atmospheric rusty sci-fi feel."
76561198326582668,Recommended,227000,25125053,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Blade,What a great game! The story was easy to follow but gets lost at times. Puzzles are well placed but I found them easy enough not to get fustrated. All round a great story with hilarious dialogue. Worth the money. ^_^
,Recommended,227000,25224725,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Ishvii,"One of the best point and click games I've played. The dialogue made me laugh, the puzzles were (mostly) logical although I had to resort to a guide a few times, and the voice acting is top notch. Shame about the resolution."
,Recommended,227000,33362792,Posted: 7 July,all,Kibou,one of my #1sprobably #0.3 favorite game!
,Recommended,227000,1958570,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,AMV_Ph34r,"I've never been an extremely huge fan of point-and-click puzzle games, but Primordia caught my attention, initially due to the attractive art style and the story teaser. So I gave it a try, and was blown away by how much I absolutely enjoyed it. It's your standard point-and-click; you collect items, open your inventory, and can combine items or use them on characters or objects in the world to progress. So there's little to mess up when it comes to controls, and Primordia succeeds there.The game is set some ambiguous number of years in the future. The world is inhabited by robots, no sign of organic life anywhere. You play as Horatio Nullbuilt, a robot designed to build and repair. While aboard your ship, the Uniic, you are attacked by a strange robot and stripped of your ship's power core. Left without transportation and limited power keeping you running, you are left with no other option but to wander out into the world, trying to track down a power source, or as a last resort, enter the city of Metropol, ""the city of glass and light."" Not much is known about Metropol, other than there is supposedly unlimited power for everyone. Still, Horatio has his reserves about entering the city; despite his logic-driven robot nature, he doesn't trust the place.As I mentioned, the art style was much of what first intrigued me, and it's prevalent throughout the game. It's designed to look very old-school and pixelated, but the amount of detail that can be projected by so few pixels is astounding, not to mention the general apocalyptic dystopian feel it gives off, which as a fan of Fallout, I enjoyed all too much.Overall this was one of those games that gave me that feel of reading a really good book; I'd sit down and play and not want to put it down until I found out what happened next. The only problems I had were a few vague or confusing puzzles, in which I had to resort to the old ""try everything with everything on everything"" play method common to point-and-click games. Aside from that, the game offers multiple endings, some far more underwhelming than others, which left me feeling a tad unsatisfied. Still, the game was extremely enjoyable, and one of the few games that I'd almost like to forget playing so I could enjoy it all over again."
76561197984072136,Recommended,227000,12600926,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,ΞProgenitorΞ,"I Absolutely LOVED this game.the Narrative, the voice actors, the puzzles...i havent played a game like this in YEARS!!!Worth every penny.even though its pretty short(there are some really tough puzzles to the end out there and there are lots of endings which are also amazing on their own)If you enjoy games that actually make you think and don't hold your hand you will love this game.Highly recommend.will be replaying this and posting it on YT definetly!!!"
76561198079595097,Recommended,227000,21164762,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Snufkin,"I liked this game. I really did, which is a rare occasion for me in this genre.I'm the kind of person who usually buys huge batches of cheap new indies and revamps of old adventure games, starts point-and-clickers excited but leaves them even before half-way, bored of the theme, disillusioned by the lack of immersion, redundant puzzles and all. Somehow it all gets diluted into a non-engaging mess. But this was not the case with Primordia; I played it through twice, once genuinely without any help, and then second time with a walkthrough / achievement guide to see what I had missed.I loved the dystopian atmosphere. The writing was excellent, as well as the characters. The graphics were surprisingly fitting - somehow the artists filled just the right amount of atmospheric detail in ""cinematics"", and the gameplay was fluent enough. Puzzles did involve every once in a while some actual thinking and not just random inventory combo-womboing, and once I even took pen and paper to solve a key puzzle. I must commend that the narration for Horatio, Crispin, as well some other key characters (without spoilers) were excellently done, which played a huge part on why the game was so immersive for me.On the down-side, some of the puzzles were kinda redundant pixel searching, as one might expect. Luckily the hint system was just on the correct level for a guy like me, who doesn't like hunting for pixels for eternities, and might dismiss an ""obvious"" clue every here and then. I never felt stuck, and I always had a sense of progression in my first playthrough. Without spoiling too much, there isn't that much of difference in the endings or how your choices end up as consequences, but second playthrough (with a walkthrough) did reveal more of the lore and modest alternatives that I had missed. I must also admit that dystopia/sci-fi as a genre is probably my favorite (1984, Brave New World, Neuromancer, you name it), so I am biased to liking this game.Overall, I can highly recommend this excellent adventure-novel to anybody that can overcome the barrier of point-and-click, and instead enjoy a ride of well fitting retro graphics, excellent narrative, good writing, and a neatly packaged ~4-6h adventure in a single playthrough - all for a very modest price. I'll fly one day, and Crispin will be laughing at me."
,Recommended,227000,24901025,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,once-returner,"I love the writing, atmosphere, characters, and soundtrack of Primordia. It's a sort of post-apocalyptic dystopian future in which ""Man"" went extinct in the distant past and robots are all that is left on planet Earth. I liked that a lot of the story went unspoken and has to be pieced together as you play the game, and I find it funny that I have come up with my depiction of the ""unspoken"" backstory in my own mind. I also thought the voice actor for Horatio was excellent.That being said, the movement is a bit clunky (even considering that it is a 2.5D retro game) and I wish there were more areas to explore. Also, the game being pixellated did not add much to the experience. I often wonder what the game would look like with hand-drawn sprites instead of pixel sprites (probably much cooler).Overall, I would recommend Primordia if you have the patience for a point-and-click RPG."
,Recommended,227000,29147679,Posted: 9 January,all,MedSam,"As somebody who would normally avoid point & clicks, I can safely say that Primordia is a treasure of a game and definitely worth playing regardless of your view towards the point & click genre.Heartfelt, funny and engaging. I wish I had a personal Crispin."
76561198082219313,Recommended,227000,25251283,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mikeu118,a really enjoyable game set in a cool and interesting world. The story is pretty good and the puzzles are logical rather than arbitrary like many other PaC adventure games.
76561198003973154,Recommended,227000,22667090,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,UniverseBear,"Great game. Nice visuals, great music and an overall immersive feel. The characters are all well thought out and the storyline is engaging. The only problem? Way too short. I didn't use any walkthroughs and I got through it all in around 10 hours. The ending caught me by surprise simply because I didn't think I was even half way through which was a little disappointing. Overall still a very engaging experience, I just wanted MORE!"
76561198023676217,Recommended,227000,23903756,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,KAL,"One of the best Point and Click games I have EVER played!From the environment to Horatio's character development and to the story, everything was set perfectly to match each other and resulting in something unique and excelllent in its very own way.I give it a 9 out of 10.PS: There is more than 4 Endings, Enjoy!"
76561198122646282,Recommended,227000,24123252,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sampson.Simpson,"This game is a masterpiece. At the time of this review, I just finished my first playthrough. I refused to use wiki, and this game made a fool out of me. All of my friends died and I ultimately was outsmarted. Going into my next playthrough, I know of several things I will do differently, hopefully to get a better outcome. I am possessed with the desire to outsmart metromind and beat the system. My advice to anyone who plays this game is to be patient and try to solve problems without looking up the walkthrough. The solutions do make sense, but sometimes it takes a while to figure it out. Don't be afraid to sleep on it and think about it. In conclusion, Primordia is a work of art that allows you to be completely lost in time. If this game had come out in the 90's, we would all be playing primordia 4 right now. If for some reason I lost my ownership of this game, I would buy it again, and pay full price for it."
,Recommended,227000,31211335,Posted: 17 April,all,Animol,Great adventure game with a bunch of possible endings. You might want to beat it more than once.
76561198081247408,Not Recommended,227000,29288386,Posted: 15 January,all,SoioR0mulus,"I love the voice acting and the humor, but as a big fan of this genre of games, this one has too many solutions that essentially just require you to take every item in your inventory up to every item in the environment and click it.Why would I use a nuclear bomb on a patch of oil when it says ""I dont want to just throw this around"" when I click something else.  Why would I use a cable to get up to a hatch when it clearly says ""This isnt long enough to do this"" when clicking one part, and at other times as said it wasn't sturdy enough to use for that type of work.I want to recommend it, but no."
,Recommended,227000,13438688,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,"Interesting point-and-click game with great OST, graphics and post-apocalyptic setting."
,Recommended,227000,1274955,"Posted: 6 December, 2012",all,Barney,"Another great adventure from Wadjet Eye, they managed to create an interesting new world and story that's definitely worth experiencing. A MUST for adventure fans."
,Recommended,227000,25052526,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Bear,Compeling StoryGreat Voice ActingFun and diverse CharactersLots of possible endingsA great game
,Recommended,227000,26398695,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Garayur,One of the best adventure games I've played. The puzzles actually make sense. The story is interested and I care about the characters. It used some very interesting storytelling devices as well. well worth playing if you have any sort of interest in the genre.
76561198191185855,Recommended,227000,28741895,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,brandensa14,"Masterpiece of a game. I don't like point and click adventures all that much, but I found myself replaying this game multiple times just to see what I could have missed. And good lord the soundtrack, that alone sold me on the game as soon as I started playing. Great story, fun/challenging game play, awesome characters.Highly recommend 9.5/10"
,Recommended,227000,33289017,Posted: 5 July,all,AR,"Great Game.It has a very similar feel to the game Machinarium, but lot harder as there is no hint book.Very memorable and lovable character, intresting story, and good music with atmosphere.Sme bug can be noticed but, overall there is not much of a problem expect one of the achivements.Multiple ending and has replay value for the endings and achivements."
76561197972298154,Recommended,227000,12735134,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Smokey,"A great point-and-click story reminiscent of the good-old-days of adventure games. You play as a robot navigating a post-apocalyptic world of scrap and sand in search of a thief. The writing is good, the logic puzzles are fun (although there was one that stood out as a stumper), and the art is fantastic."
76561198087345727,Recommended,227000,14327182,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Ser Artys Arryn,"It's a must-play and beautiful game set in spectacular world with with interesting and memorable story that I won't forget easily. If you're that kind of player who can appreciete cleverness and art of a game, I would totally recommend this for you. I staggered at the beginning a bit and had to use the tutorial, but it was all worth it. I've also enjoyed the developer's commentary which is included. Games like this deserve more recognition. Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,227000,20899685,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,أوركيدا,"No words to describe how much i love and adore this game, ""I always wanted to fly."""
,Recommended,227000,23026966,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Orion,"Great mood, story, humour, puzzles..."
,Recommended,227000,23312584,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Fleetfiend,"I bought this game for $2 or something when it was on sale a long time ago, and finally got around to playing it.First of all: I don't typically enjoy point-and-click games. I haven't played very many of them, and I usually get frustrated with the puzzles and either look up a guide (which kind of defeats the point) or quit.I LOVED Primordia. Maybe it scratched the right itch at the right time, but I enjoyed every second of this game. The puzzles are challenging, but not frustrating (the only times that I had to look something up were just because I didn't realize I could scroll down on my data pack, for example, or that I could interact with an object in a certain way. For everything else, Crispin's hints were more than enough). It's gorgeous and thought-provoking. The voice acting was excellent and really brought all of the characters to life. The world is endlessly interesting. Looking at the achievements after my first playthrough, it also seems that there is a great deal to discover that I missed my first time around, which is good, because in my desire to experience more of this world I will probably play through it at least one more time.A lot of reviews have commented on it feeling a bit short, and I'm tempted to agree. The second half of the game in particular feels a bit rushed, but it seems to have more to do with there being lots of questions to answer, and they all get answered in a shotgun blast at once that seems to detract from the feeling of discovery that permiates the rest of the game. However, if the only bad thing I have to say about a game is ""I wanted more..."" is it really a bad thing after all?Primordia is very literary. It's a game about the preservation of individuality within an increasingly communist society. It's about one's ""design,"" and whether or not it's possible to act against it. It's about friendship, religion, creation, preservation, degeneration, and hope.Do yourself a favor and play this game."
,Recommended,227000,25496634,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,RGNinja [GWJ],"I've reached a point where I trust WadjetEye published games to be awesome stories with mechanics that enhance the experience and don't get in the way. This was no exception. It's a great game, has great characters, a story that keeps you thinking, and and ending that came too soon. Hope Wormwood Studios does a follow up some day."
76561198018462978,Recommended,227000,25857355,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Contergancat,"This is a very recommendable point and click adventure game:+ nice pixelart+ great dystopian cyberpunkish atmosphere+ good playlength+ replayability (different endings)+ great voice acting+ nice numeric puzzlesno actual cons:+/- very few puzzles need pixelhunting (I remember 1)+/- nice difficulty (even higher if you don't consult your ""PDA"" :)c)"
,Recommended,227000,25915878,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Cleverlegs,"Enthralling from the very beginning.Lovable characters, great banter between them, and a world that alludes to a rich history will make the setting one of your favourite.Highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,227000,25986178,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,♂ Skejven ♂,"Wow, that was really great!I think it just takes the title of my favourite point and click game, it has great story, with many endings, the characters are done wonderfuly, voice acting is one of the best I've heard, I love the voices and dialogues/monologues. The artstyle is great, shame it isn't in great resolution.The only thing I don't really like about this game (other might like it) is difficulty of this game. Puzzles are nice and hard, which I like, but some of them are just too hard, sometimes items or places of interaction are really small, or hard to find, overall it's easy to get stuck in this game. I used guide more times than on dark seed or I have no mouth and i must scream, really.tl;drOverall, it's great game, great story, characters, voice acting and artstyle, but gamers who don't like puzzles will need to use guide, a lot."
76561198072683855,Recommended,227000,31325764,Posted: 23 April,all,Javivo,"Really good written story, deep characters and a beautiful atmosphere. Soundtrack is also pretty good and the protagonist, Horatio, is voiced by the same guy who narrates both Bastion & Transistor from Supergiant Games (who has an amazing voice). Some puzzles may be quite troubling but, you can always find the way or one out of many to complete them. May be a bit unsetting for those not used to aventure games (such as Syberia), but it is really worth to buy it in sale.Also, Crispin is love."
76561197976867301,Recommended,227000,8140277,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Chrisby,"A non-combat, old school point and click adventure game with awesome story, occasional humour and excellent artwork. The universe that this game is set in is very detailed and every environment tells a story of how the world became like it is.I would buy any game set in this universe just to see more of it!"
,Recommended,227000,22362005,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,💩 Pooper Scooper 💩,"I won't go into too much detail because I played this game years ago, but I recently saw it in my library and thought it deserved a review. There are few negative things to say so I'll start there.CONSStarting with the only downsides I can think of, it was bothersome finding the right settings so the game would scale perfectly and look sharp on an HD display, but it worked fine once that was taken care of.Gameplay is somewhat akin to classic point and click with character displacement handled like any old 2D RPG, but it sometimes isn't clear which items are to be interacted with, or even whether it is possible. This was sometimes annoying but can be considered inherent to the game genre.It's too short. Don't get me wrong, the length of the game is appropriate but the mood and story are so enticing by the end you'll definitely be left wanting more.PROSThe art. I'll come out with a bit of an unpopular opinion by saying gameplay is not a good reason to buy this game. Its geatest asset is without a question the art. Not only is the style 100% distinctive from anything I've seen before, the devs actually pulled it off perfectly. While it resembles moody postapocalyptic or cyberpunk art commonly seen in high-res online, the low pixel count makes it particularly impressive. Combining intricate convoluted shapes with pixel-art is just something I didn't think was possible until playing Primordia. The dark and brown color tones used and occasional neon accents really set the atmosphere as a surrealist cyberpunk universe. I can't stress enough there is nothing else like this.On top of the visual aspects, the soundtrack is just great. Maybe I wouldn't listen to the ambient sounds on their own but they really do a great job of accenting both the story and environment.Last comes the story. Oh boy. Not only was I surprised at every turn by a creative plot, but the character development is the cherry on the cake. Whoever wrote the story really knows how to blend humor, mystery, and tragedy in a story that never left me bored (except when I got stuck desperately looking for some object to interact with).I won't oversimplify by rating this game with a number, but I'll say this:Since I was about eight years old not a single day has gone by without me reading a novel. I have watched thousands of movies, played literally hudreds of games, and amidst all the classics, the worldwide hits, the big budget productions, all the various forms of entertainment, this comes out easily as one of the favorite stories of my lifetime. If you can sit through a few tedious puzzles and don't mind spending half an hour looking for items in a pile of trash, then I recommend this game wholeheartedly. Hell, even if you hate the gameplay it's affordable enough that you can buy it just to appreciate the art and ambience."
,Recommended,227000,29128924,Posted: 8 January,all,EasternDragon,"I should've written a review for this game a long time ago. To be short, I believe this game is more than worth the price and provides enough to be recommended to veterans of the genre and people unfamiliar with point-and-clicks alike. Without further ado, let's dive into it.Story""Man built us to build, Crispin."" -Horatio Nullbuilt, version 5.The world of Primordia is one of the most original sci-fi settings I've seen in video games thus far. Humanity is long gone and the almost uninhabitable Earth is populated with robots built by other robots. Very few, if any, remember who humans were. Some worship ""Man, the All-Builder"" in their memory, others believe they were just a myth. Power is scarce in the wasteland and those who still function must do what they can to survive. The nature of the world is shown very well and sets an unforgettable mood for the whole adventure.""All of this for a b'soding power core!"" -Horatio Nullbuilt, version 5.The plot starts simply: you, Horatio Nullbuilt, lose the power core of your ship to a mysterious intruder. Facing certain death from slowly running out of power, you pursue the thief and get involved in mysteries far beyond your understanding. The adventure is quite interesting and, while the plot twists are somewhat predictable and the mystery isn't too hard to solve, the tension and tone of the game keep you on your toes, wanting to explore the mysteries of insane ancient robots, Man himself, and a city of glass and light whose promises of free power seem just too good to be true.""Why is everyone we meet crazy?"" -Crispin Horatiobuilt, version 1The characters are by far the most interesting part of the story. Despite being robots, pretty much all of them are relatable and believable. From our sarcastic sidekick Crispin and a devout Humanist preacher named Ever-Faithful to a pair of upper-class robots trying to settle a legal dispute and a warbot who encrypted his own logic to deal with the horrors of the war, the cast is diverse to say the least. There were a few who I've found to be a bit bland and one-sided (Clarity and the main villain for example), but those were few and far between.Gameplay""Are you really trying to build us an energy sensor from a bunch of garbage?""""Crispin, I builtyoufrom a bunch of garbage.""""From spare parts, boss! Spare parts!""-Crispin and HoratioThe gameplay is standard for the genre: pick up stuff, combine stuff, use stuff to solve puzzles. In addition to that, when you can't reach something yourself or simply need some help, you can use your floating companion Crispin, who also acts as the game's hint system. Perhaps the biggest strength of the game here is that the puzzles integrate well into the story. The hints make sense as actual conversation, the solutions are usually as straight-forward and practical as possible, and the characters react adequately during these situations. There were only one or two cases of ""pixel hunting"" in the whole game so that is a big plus as well.Presentation""Look at all those lights! It's amazing boss!""""It's trouble. Trust me.""""Sweet, sweet trouble.""-Crispin and HoratioThe world and the characters are both beautifully crafted. There are many games these days that use pixel art, but Primordia took it as a challenge rather than a cop out. The game is simply gorgeous. The only negative thing I can say about its look is that the characters have very few sprite animations and the reuse becomes noticeable in a few scripted events. The music is similarly amazing. I still remember the track that plays when you read the Gospel of Man. Finally, the voice acting. In case you haven't noticed from the trailer, the voice of Horatio Nullbuilt is Logan Cunningham, the main voice actor in Transistor and Bastion. His work is as top notch as it is in those games and the other VAs are quite good as well. All in all, presentation is one of the game's strongest points, perhaps even more so than the story.Possible negatives""It jes needs a little fixin' up, tyro."" -L.S.- The game is quite short. Depending on how much you explore and how quick you are with the puzzles, it will most likely take you between 6 and 10 hours to complete.- There are some technical difficulties. The game forces you to a pretty low resolution due to the engine limitations and alt-tabbing can cause voice over to break. Also some of the achievements may be bugged. A few people reported not getting achievements when they should, I on the other hand got a final achievement while still missing two very important parts of the ending.- You can solve a few of the puzzles in a multitude of ways, but these ""choices"" may have long-lasting consequences that are not properly telegraphed.- Most puzzles are logical but a few are still obscure. For example, the game never tells you that something inside your inventory can be disassembled.ConclusionAll in all, Primordia is a great game with a fantastic story and amazing presentation. The not too difficult gameplay might leave a few veterans of the genre slightly disappointed, but it makes the game accessible for people not usually interested in point-and-clicks as well, and the story more than makes up for it anyway. While the game is short, the price is very generous and I'd say Primordia uses the play time it does have very well. This one is a definite recommendation from me.""Farewell, farewell, linger not for my sake. Your mission is calling! The city awaits!"" -P."
,Recommended,227000,12093963,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Praetorian,"This game is ONLY $9.99. ONLY. I would (and have) pay much, much more for a game of this caliber. I've gifted it to several friends, because it is easily the best game I have played in the past five years."
,Recommended,227000,28476751,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,AngryPotato17745,Quite possibly one of the best point and click adventures. Exploring the concept of humanity as robot is simply fascinating (and incredibly well executed). 10/10
,Recommended,227000,8014122,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,GroovySock,"I adore this game. The Story, atmosphere and characters were perfect and I loved every second of it! I just wish there would have been more of it. I beat it in about 7 hours but I would've easily gone for twice that long and not have gotten bored with this world!"
76561197965811997,Recommended,227000,24267919,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Plague Doctor,"Fun game if you enjoy the point and click genre.Liked the story and the situations. Puzzles where for the most part clear, but with most of these games I get frustrated and cheat now and then. This isn't needed though, as the game has built in mechanics for you to subvert most puzzles if need be.Really surprised by how the world draws on very similar issues we have today in creative ways. Problems we can recognise but wraped in the game lore. enjoyable and a bit thought provoking."
,Recommended,227000,18295812,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,J4ZZ,"Probably one of the best, if not THE BEST, cyberpunk game out in the world.Fan of the cyberpunk genre and dystopian settings? Can handle a resolution of 320x200? Nostalgic point and click lover?If at least two of those can be answered with 'yes' then this game is prefect for you."
,Recommended,227000,22429965,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Baodrin,"Had some problems with getting the mouse to function (at all) on my windows 10 rig but the Dev's are really nice and encouraging and was able to find a solution.  For anyone interested in order to get the game to run I simply had to alter the properties on Primordia.exe - under the compatibility tab tick the boxes 'reduced colour mode' (16bit), 'run in 640x480' and 'run as administrator'.  After doing that the game runs fine.So the game itselfAn old school style point and click adventure with some very interesting charcters, settings and concepts.  The dialogue is quite well written even if the jokes do on occasion fall a bit flat. Very much enjoyed my time exploring this little world and trying to figure out the puzzles.Its only downfall in my opinion is that it seemed rather short - given the setting and the plot setup I was expecting more content but what is here is still very good.8/10 - best of the genre I have played in a long time"
76561197988839076,Recommended,227000,25401831,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Octavius,Great story. Great atmosphere. Great characters. Great voice acting. Steam achievements. Replayability. I'd love to see a version with updated graphics as that would be unmissable. Just grab it. 9.8/10.
,Recommended,227000,19017139,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Manbeast,"One of my new favorite point & click adventure games ever made, alongsideChains of Satinavand its sequelMemoria.The first act is a little slow and the third act a little straightforward, but the writing, dialogue, puzzles, theme and pretty much everything else is incredible! Well deserving of its glowing reviews on Steam and across the internet.I also really liked the various outcomes of your choices during the game's finale, in which even some decisions early on in the game had an impact.One of Wadjet Eye's best games, if not THE best."
,Recommended,227000,20760256,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,NOVAx100,"TLDR: I absolutely recommned this game for a fun casual (and funny) adventure!!You're in for a quarky funny adventure. This game really got me chuckling. It's not a difficult game by any means. The graphics are superb, and the story is certainly interesting and grabbing.I absolutely recommend this game for a fun casual (and funny) adventure!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqi1WImi__s"
76561198055239225,Recommended,227000,21279887,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Greyshe_wolf,If you are looking for a Point and Click as enjoyable and memorable as the classics from Lucasarts then you've found it. A brilliant and engaging game with a great story and deep characterisation and development. Throughly recommend it.
76561197989314612,Recommended,227000,27773424,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sidewinder,"This is my favorite adventure game of all time. It's so wonderful, it's hard for me to imagine it ever being de-throned for me. The story is interesting, the artwork is wonderful, and the voice acting is perfect. The puzzled make logical sense and are really satisfying. It's a masterpiece! If you love adventure games, and sci-fi, there's no reason not to get this gem."
,Recommended,227000,19917088,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Wazoo,"One of the best point & click games I've had the pleasure of playing. Despite the 'outdated' graphical appearance, the art was top-notch, as was the overall feel and atmosphere. But what really seperates fantastic point & click games from the mediocre ones, is the writing and the quality of the dialogue and plot in Primordia is absolutely stunning. Characters were also very likeable, in part due to the great voice acting.Planescape: Torment is a major inspiration here; the initial hook of the story, Crispin/Morte, emphasis on the past, it's all here. Much like Torment, Primordia is filled with sad moments, funny moments, philosophical themes and one hell of a cathartic ending (at least the one I got).Puzzles were decent and quite logical, although at times the game had too many red herrings going on, which made some puzzles a bit difficult for me. Still, only in one puzzle I had to go to a walkthrough and check it out.All in all, a very solid old school adventure game with insanely good story, one that I am unlikely to ever forget."
76561198051329300,Recommended,227000,25931538,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Dolphinking🐬,"Primordia is a point and click adventure game where you help Horatio to get back his power core that a evil robot took..... I mean stole from him ;) There are many nice puzzels and dialouges in the game and you can get many diffrent endings on the game.Pros:-Nice puzzels-Some humor-Horatios sidekick Crispin-Good dialouges with voice acting (that you can turn of if you dont like to hear voices)-Good story with diffrent endings-Many achivments for achivment huntersCons:-Some achivments are really hard to get-The grapic is okay, sometimes is hard to see things (its not bad)-No resolution settingsA great game you defently should pick up."
,Recommended,227000,25043647,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Moonsugar,"Started playing it this evening, and finished it in one go. It's rather short, but definitely encourages replaying it for different endings, and I fully intend to do that. The story is engaging, and there is a lot of backstory to uncover.----Pros:- Story- World-building- Multiple ways to solve a problem- Encouragement to replay it.Cons:- Short :(- Very little in terms of journalTips: write down EVERY number you see."
,Recommended,227000,28742738,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hatoblue,"Great game overall with amazing story, voice acting, and writing.  Puzzles were hit or miss, some were really obtuse while others were satisfying.  Some 'pixel hunt' parts which were kind of annoying.  All in all, this is worth playing through if you like sci-fi stuff or classic point-and-click games."
76561198121676772,Recommended,227000,30338871,Posted: 5 March,all,PACFAN,"Loved it. The graphics are old-school, but kind of fit the overall aesthetic and theme of the game. Great world-design and history, intriguing characters, the interactions between the main character and side-kick are genuinely funny, fantastic puzzles, and I really enjoy the fact that the game uses branching logic - I need to replay at some point because I know I missed both achievements and alternative storylines."
76561198030457107,Recommended,227000,33708483,Posted: 21 July,all,scad,"Great game = 8.5Despite of having a resolution problem (for 1980x1080), Primordia is a wonderful post-apocalyptic graphic adventure. The puzzles aren't extremely difficult, but they're not easy neither; and what it's more important: the puzzles are logical and based in mathematical problems, which gives to the game a deeper sense of immersion.Moreover, it counts with a wide variety of endings (7 in total) and achievements (in which you'll need a guide for some of them), all of this makes the game be replayable. Finally, the dialogs, the jokes and the OST are immersive and well designed, allowing the player understand what's happening in depth, but in a good fragmented order (which makes you feel curious during the whole adventure).For these reasons, I highly recommend this game in its full price.*NOTES:How to solve resolution problem ->https://steamcommunity.com/app/227000/discussions/0/359543951722733672/If you can't run it in ""widescreen"", then select ""window"" mode."
,Recommended,227000,12610636,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Sourceologist,"""Line up the toy soldiers, two hundred abreast. The bravest of brave, the best of the best. Wind up the toy soldiers to march on their way. The city is fallen, no reason to stay. Two hundred abreast, my sisters and brothers. Now only three left, forget all the others.""Primordia is a point and click adventure game that more than rivals titles like ""I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream, Machinarium, Botanicula, etc."" It takes place in a post human world, where advanced AI have claimed what is left of the wasteland that is the planet.The voice acting in this game is top notch, incorporating even the talents of Logan Cunningham. The characterization of the entire cast though, hinges on the environment they are thrust in. And how each sentience has chosen to deal with their circumstances.The game itself is quite serious in tone and changes in severity depending on which ending you achieve. Though there are many breaks from this dark nature when Horatio and Crispin interact with one another, often ending in clever word play or sarcastic optimism. It's something I hope they continue with a sequel or a run off featuring different characters. This is the type of game that would make a wonderful animation on the silver screen."
76561198012449414,Recommended,227000,13481406,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dr.Freeman_OG,"Even though I found some of the puzzles a little obscure, it was a great experience in the end. I was very happy I picked up this game on sale ($2.99). If you are a fan of point and click it might be worth the ten dollar asking price. The wrold is beautiful and the story is interesting. There are little choices you make along the way and around seven different endings. Deffinately worth picking up if you like point and click or puzzle games in gereral."
,Recommended,227000,13775533,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Pointnclickster,"Primordia is an awesome game that definitely gives any of the Blackwell games a run for its money. The design is retro but is very fitting to the sci-fi steampunk world. The actors are awesome, pairing Logan Cunningham (The Narrarator from Bastion) with Abe Goldfarb (Joey Mallone from The Blackwell series). Their relationship is fun to watch and their banter is hilarious. This game is very amusing but gives one a lot to think about. This game has definite replay value for the hidden achievements, commentary, and multiple endings. A WadjetEye favorite that will be tough to beat."
,Recommended,227000,1867071,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,cuz_mitch,"Отличный классический квест.Атмосфера постапокалипсиса в мире разумных роботов,отличная озвучка,сюжет который иногда трогает до глубины души.Всем любителям классики советую!"
,Recommended,227000,8036851,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,It's Clown Time!,"An old fashioned style point and click, thankfully lacking in ""adventure game logic"" that seems to plague so many games of the genre. Features great voice acting and a pretty solid story, definitely worth playing."
76561197972226499,Recommended,227000,560829,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Punch Rockgroin™,"This game is awesome. Really intelligently written.The auther said he took inspiration from Fallout and Planescape: Torment, and it shows. There's a few nicely done call backs to those games too. If you're in the mood for a good story and some puzzle solving to go with it, I strongly recommend this."
,Recommended,227000,8514267,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,tsupertsundere,"One of the most intelligent games I've played in a long time, I couldn't help but be swept up into its finely-crafted world. It has robots, Logan Cunningham, and Logan Cunningham voicing a robot. It has robot zombies and ultra-lawful super-paladin ladybot Batman who kills those robot zombies.With clever dialogue and mind-stretching puzzles, this is a game I'd reccommend wholeheartedly."
76561198000094900,Recommended,227000,11209411,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,swith,One of the best and most polished independent adventure games around.  If you'd told me it was an early Lucasarts game I probably would have believed you.
76561198049680527,Recommended,227000,11332663,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,greenjellybeing,"Definitely recommend to fans of this genre. Beautiful artwork, great sound and atmosphere with interesting characters and an engaging story in a world that made me think of the Matrix more than once. Which is a good thing."
,Recommended,227000,12059002,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Reyan,"This game has an excellent story and a unique and interesting setting filled with charmingly colorful characters.  It is thoughtful and meaningful, and addresses some serious theological and philosophical points, while remaining mysterious and exciting (most of the time).  However, I found the gameplay to be very lacking, in a number of ways.  I'm now going to complain about all the things I need to complain about, but do please recall that I actually enjoyed this game :)The puzzles in this game were difficult, and not in a good way.  While many of them had ""cool"" solutions - which would be awesome in a movie, for example - they were often not cleanly solvable, in the sense that they were the only plausible solution and made everything ""make sense"" when you figured it out.  For me, a lot of the reason I want to play a puzzle game is for that awesome feeling of everything coming together when I figure it out.  This is not the sort of game that does that for me.  Here's a few of the problems that I saw:1. Trying to create a clever solution rather than a good puzzle.  The solutions to puzzles are often the sort of zany solutions that are fun to watch heroes think of in movies, but not reasonable to force the player to think of.  In other words, they don't feel like THE solution, just A solution (and yet in the confines of the game, they are THE solution).2. Tooooo many items.  Unlike a lot of games, in Primordia you almost never get an item taken out of your inventory when you are done using it.  By the end of the game, I have so much stuff in my inventory that the task of getting through a locked door has dozens of reasonable-sounding solutions - crowbar, plasma torch, signal transmitter to pick the lock, etc, etc - but only one of them is right (and it's probably none of the standard things I've learned how to do throughout the game, because that would be to easy).3. Generic, reusable items.  This is one of my pet peeves in puzzle games.  When you have a generic item like a hammer, there's a trillion and five ways that the player can think of to use this item.  Even if the game designer could think of all of those, allowing those solutions would make many of their puzzles too easy.  Anyway, this game is full of generic items that you use again and again throughout the game (but are never allowed to use when you think of it).4. Confusing items.  I had a whole bunch of electronic gadgets and doodads that it took me a long time to figure out how they worked - a signal transmitter, a decryption device, a memory reader, etc.  All of these could be used only in very specific circumstances (i.e. as far as I can tell, the memory reader can only be used to access memories from a severed robot head - which you encounter in this game a lot more than you would think!), but this information is never explicitly told to you (I never really figured out what the rules for the decryption device were).5. Just too much going on at once.  The game is basically divided into two parts.  During each part, you slowly unlock more areas, and then can travel freely between all areas that you have unlocked during that part, which by the end of each part results in a huge environment in which to look for a small number of remains tasks.The end result of all of this was that I played the game with a walkthrough constantly ready.  And I do not regret it :)  Most of the things I had to get help on (""most"" because I started getting lazy near the end), I think I would have felt frustrated rather than satisfied if I took the time to solve myself.The interface is unfathomably archaic and unintuitive.  For example, the process of using an item - one of the most base necessities of a point and click game - requires (1) hovering near the top of the screen to open the tool bar, (2) selecting the inventory button to open your inventory, (3) selecting the item from the inventory, (4) clicking outside the inventory to close it, then finally (5) clicking on the thing in the world that you want to use the item on.  On all the interfaces mentioned, there are also many confusing and sometimes unnecessary/duplicate buttons.  The datachron (which automatically takes notes on things you have learned) has a horrific interface that looks something like an old school gameboy, with giant text on a tiny screen, and buttons (that you have to click with your mouse) for scolling up and down.  Similarly, the signal transmitter - on which you frequently need to set a 4-digit number to transmit - is pretty obnoxious, requiring you to click on the left and right sides of two dials (not even buttons that you can see, so it's hard to find the sweet spot to actually click on) - one to cycle through numbers, and one to cycle through DIGITS.  DIGITS.All that being said, however, I think this game is definitely worth playing for the story alone, which like I said is fantastic."
76561198131845361,Recommended,227000,13024253,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Icnfaun,"Primordia is a beautiful looking game with a great atmosphere and characters you can get attached to, its a point and click, so you'll be combining your inventory for hours on end, but the story is great. My only gripe is that in some of the puzzles you may think you have a logical solution, but its not the actual solution which is a much more abstract one. The way to deal with this isn't directly searching for the closest walkthrough (albiet a few really hard puzzles) because crispin (your sidekick almost) has pretty helpful hints, and is even used to solve some of the puzzles. overall if you can ignore the low res and occasional weird puzzle it's a very stellar game.story 9/10gameplay 7/10*in my opinion"
,Recommended,227000,13601084,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,carlosjnegron84,"The game was great. The designs were fantastic and definitely delivered on the retro feel. Though there are some teeni tiny points where the art could have had a second pass over. All in all. . .  Its a wonderful game with a great story and a world with possibility for expansion. I would really love to see a continuation but if that never happens, the game itself (depending on the ending you get) didn't leave me feeling unsatisfied. Definitely give Primordia a shot."
76561198078338388,Recommended,227000,13666966,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,L-Roy,Definite must for P&C-Adventure fans.Great Dialogs!
,Recommended,227000,14103197,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,jemimaaslana,"Pixelated nostalgia in a post-apocalyptic world. It has been such a pleasure to play through this game. A simple point-and-click adventure with neat puzzles, an engaging storyline, an athmospheric soundtrack and a variety of endings."
,Recommended,227000,17237730,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ZombieBisque,"Just finished the game, was an interesting concept and a unique setting.  Hope there will be a sequel at some point."
76561198037385891,Recommended,227000,17805366,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,dhraiden,"A very atmospheric, immersive game. The music is subtle but quite moving. The animations are servicable and the storyline engrossing - definitely get this if you like PNC adventures."
76561198044338757,Recommended,227000,18398375,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Load of Barnacles,"As a person who doesn't enjoy point and click games whatsoever, I have already played through the entire story three times now. This game has one of the most compelling storylines I have seen in a long time and, despite its mechanical simplicity, has easily become one of my favorite titles. The artwork is absolutely gorgeous and the voice acting is incredible. The perfect balance of humor and darkness creates an atmosphere that is not easy to replicate in a game. If you're looking for a game with an excellent story and moderately difficult puzzles to complete along the way, this game is perfect."
,Recommended,227000,18574771,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Baphomet,"In Primordia, you play the role of a robotic nomad named Horatio struggling to find his way through a post-apocalyptic wasteland. Through your searches, you managed to find a power source capable of helping you re-build a derelict spacecraft. All seems well until an unknown assailant ambushes you and steals the power source, forcing you to chase after it or face a slow death in the desert wastes. Thankfully you have your witty and sarcastic sidekick, Crispin, to help you make your way through the various obstacles you will inevitably face.Being a point-and-click adventure game, most of the gameplay will revolve around you combining items with other items or using them on various places to solve puzzles and progress the plot. You also get a special button for using Crispin on things, either to help you out or just to hear more of his banter. At any point in the game you can also click on him for idle chatter where he will reveal clues about what you should do next. The game also offers a data pouch to help save critical information (so you don’t need to write much down) as well as a map for fast travel.Most of the puzzles in Primordia are pretty straightforward and Horatio will give you obvious clues whenever you get close to solving one. The only part I found to be particularly tricky was a text-parser based puzzle that required you to stumble through various typos, secret phrases, and acronyms using your keyboard to input queries. But even that was pretty simple once you figured out the trick behind it.One thing I really liked about this game was the overall cozy atmosphere observed through the calming visuals and music. It kind of reminds me of old 70s/80s era sci-fi animated movies in scenes where the character would be walking through some trippy landscape to a synth-heavy soundtrack. Most of the voices are pretty well done too (for such a small studio).As a whole, Primordia is entertaining without being overly hard on the player and is worth looking into for anyone who is a fan of classic adventure games and sci-fi."
,Recommended,227000,21013581,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,RiftTalon,An immersive story-based adventure game. My only problem with this game is that it wasn't longer. Please make a sequel.
76561198042721313,Recommended,227000,24628532,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,RobBoss,"Another great adventure game from Wadjet Eye Games and props to the developers Wormwood Studios. The story is hands down the best part of this game. I could see a movie made out of this story because of how rich and interesting it was. If you liked Gemini Rue, I think you will like this.Pros:- Great story- Good voice acting- Good artworkCons:- I only had a few issues with some of the puzzles being a little to vague to solve without staring at a screen and thinking for 15 minutes, but it rewards those who like hard puzzles.- The only minor bug in this game is that when you shift-tab to view the Steam overlay, the audio/text will not play/appear. I had to restart the game several times and load a save to get around this."
76561198053665389,Recommended,227000,29498285,Posted: 26 January,all,Berq,"Primordia is a really well-crafted point-and-click adventure. If you are a fan of the genre, then play this one.I liked that there were multiple endings. The actor who did the voice for Horatio did a great job. The puzzles fit well within the story. The developers did a great job with world building, and I would love to see a second Primordia game.I got stuck for days on the ""Redline"" poem and finally had to resort to the Internet for the solution."
,Recommended,227000,30001816,Posted: 17 February,all,B3NNYZOOSE,Short point and click adventure with a great story and interesting art style :)Also enjoyed the two main characters and the amount of jokes back and forth between them kept a smile on my face while playing haha.Definitely would recommend to others if this is their sort of thing also a little after I started playing just the art style and the story and the characters all together just made me think either graphic novel or manga styled cartoon would suit this games universe for further story telling haha I don't know why but it just did.Cheers for a great game.
76561198197237221,Recommended,227000,31448648,Posted: 29 April,all,OrionTrysGaming,"Point and click games are normally not my cup of tea, but I've truely been blown away by Primodia.I bought it on a whim, hoping it would live up to its high approval rating, and I can most happily say it did- and more.The characters where well written and I found myself giggling at the interactions between Horatio and dear Crispin quite often. The basis of the game's story line seems simple and as you continue the story you uncover so much more. Music and art beautifully fitted to the post-apocalyptic atmosphere and the voice acting just topped it all off. The puzzles were sometimes a little trouble, but if you slow down and take a good look, you'll be fine.I can say I was happily satisfied with the story and it's vast cast of unforgetable characters.Well worth the time and money spent."
,Recommended,227000,35169531,Posted: 23 September,all,SmartASCII,"Amazing game! Great retro feel to the graphics, wonderful storyline with multiple endings, and a really awesome setting. Another very recommended buy from Wadjet Eye and the guys at Wormwood Studios.Check out my full playthrough on YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzL75gxhnhSVoSnbX9mJZzDrkfBsw3MMj"
76561198045486124,Recommended,227000,7788083,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,CheerfulJonsku,"You like Point and click adventure games with a good story and characters? AND voice acting? Then you will LOOOOVEEE this game, although for some reason I can't get the game to widescreen, but its still enjoyable."
76561198025169047,Recommended,227000,8741353,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Alexandre Leboucher,Beautiful storyline and very inspiring dialogs make this game a must have for all adventure game lovers.
76561197961088233,Recommended,227000,10038369,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,maniac_3_2000,"Great game.  If you loved any of the older 90's lucasarts games, this game is for you."
,Recommended,227000,12974085,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,amerika*,"This game has great writing, great characters, an original sci-fi setting and it's a classic point and click but most of the puzzles make sense as opposed to randomly throwing things together."
76561198018729054,Recommended,227000,13131472,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Artorias,"A truly beautiful game. Magnificent story line, art and voice acting. I have not enjoyed any game as much as Primordia in quite a few years. This game can't be missed."
,Recommended,227000,13358626,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,ogskillet,"This game has some of the most intelligent writing and spot-on voice acting out of anything I've ever played. That kept me trucking through more than anything else. The humor in particular is well done, and perfectly timed. I actually thought the art and graphical design was interesting, and didn't mind the ""crudeness"" of the animation, etc. If anything I felt like it added to the atmosphere and feel. The puzzles are well thought out, but can get maddeningly difficult if you forget to scribble down key information that isn't recorded by your logger at some points. I also enjoyed all the hidden homages tossed in that aren't thrown in your face. The ending seemed to come too quickly, but I was only disappointed that there wasn't more to do.I only wish that it was easier to adjust the scaling other than having to edit a file. Before doing that, it's often difficult to spot clues and changes in the environment. The music can get a bit repetitive as well.Other than that, this is a developer to keep an eye on if you're into this genre."
76561198036199260,Recommended,227000,13501978,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,just_missed,"The voice acting, humour and artwork make this game. The puzzles are pretty consistent in their level of difficulty but there are one or two that are quite obscure, especially when items that the main character has no interest in and has discounted are quietly brought back into play. There's replay value for the multiple endings, so save the game before you meet your nemesis!"
76561198053823599,Recommended,227000,17171860,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,FalloutKitty,"This is one of my favorite games, I played through it twice, the second time having the game developers commentary on. It was a great experience, and the emotional times can really dig into your heart of the games story. It's a great story, solid puzzles, amazing character designs, and I love the envirnoments. 10/10 would play through a third time."
,Recommended,227000,18040090,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Kal Ian,"Amazing story, just wish it was longer."
76561198049186439,Recommended,227000,19153740,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Mighty Octopus,Beautifully composed writing and choices.
,Recommended,227000,19811422,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Born Winner,This game is really amazing. The story is really compelling and the characters are deep and likeable. They don't reveal too much of the story outright which really pulls you into the world and want to find out more.
,Recommended,227000,20350961,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Cattail,"Point-and-click adventure games were one of the first things I ever played: When I got my first computer around 1994-’95 I played Discworld with my dad. We had a walkthrough since neither of us could understand English. Since then I have gone mostly to other genres but the adventuring spark were left in me somewhere. That’s why I have bought a great many point-and-click games but every time I play one the same thing happens: I click around for a while and get bored. They just don’t get a grip on me. That was until Primordia.The player takes role of Horatio and his sidekick Crispin, who live in a post-apocalyptic wasteland. What seems like a peaceful existence is interrupted when a robot crashes through their wall and steals a power core that is keeping the two alive. The game is a quest to find and get back the power core. The mood is melancholic and sad but is lighten up by Crispin’s surprisingly funny dialog. Every other character was also fascinating and had some personality to them.This was the first ever adventure game that I completed without looking at a walkthrough. Most of the puzzles are logical in a sense that if you have an item that might fit it most likely does. Every solution made sense. The puzzles are quite varied: There are use-item-on-item puzzles but also drawing, memorization, code breaking and so on. I was surprised at how many different kind of obstacles the creators had thought out. It took 7 hours to complete the game, though length varies greatly depending on how fast you solve the puzzles. There appears to be different endings and outcomes since I only got half of the achievements on single playthrough.The graphics in this are amazing. Everything is a post-apocalyptic bleak wasteland but the world that was destroyed has this art deco kind of style (think Bioshock) that is really nice. The game actually runs at the tiniest of resolutions but is stretched to full screen. Not a lot of pixels to work with but what has been achieved is wonderful. I’d love to see full resolution images of the art since it’s so great. This is also why the game probably runs on pretty much any potato as long as there is electricity. For some strange reason in one room, after certain thing happens, my fps dropped to single digits but it was solved after I got out of the room. You cannot die and there is no rush so it doesn’t matter. Even better than the visuals is the sound and music. I think the voice acting is great but, together with the art, it’s the music that shines the most.If you have any interest in point-and-click Primordia is a must play, no doubt about that. For someone new to the genre it’s also a good place to start since it’s not as far-out weird with its puzzles as some games in the genre. I can only give a big recommend for this wonderful game!"
76561198044852726,Recommended,227000,22368616,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Mountainlifter,"Primordia is a superb game. In the far future, Man is no more and is worshiped as an ancient god that was the perfect machine that built the first robots (in the era called primodium). These manbuilt robots built more robots and they are now the only sentience that populates the post-apocalyptic world. The robots believe that Man will return once more to start a second primordium. Meanwhile, they go about ""maintaining"" the world and preach the gospel of man. Horatio Nullbuilt and his levitating companion Crispin Horatiobuilt are two such robots that live out in the dunes, far away from the robot city of Metropol. When a giant robot with lasers ""takes"" their power core, they are forced on an adventure that takes them to Metropol and uncovers everything from Horatio's past to the fate of the last humans.The music sets the tone perfectly for this world. What struck me most was the intricacy with which this world was constructed: every little trinket of knowledge about this universe fits so seamlessly with every other tidbit. So, the writers did a fantastic job and obviously put a lot of thought into their work. The visuals, music and puzzles served to elevate that writing. If you love atmosphere and storytelling or if you loved the blackwell series or if you just enjoy wadjeteye games, this is a title that must be experienced."
76561198070432818,Recommended,227000,23021789,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Zumzar TheJazzRat,Wonderful little game with a wonderful little sidekick. Real good atmosphere and cool artstyle.
76561198089805112,Recommended,227000,23731236,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,FriskyDingo,"A whimsical tale of mystery and discovery about a robot and his companion forging a path as fate would have it to uncover the blurred grey line between myth and truth through difficult choices, puzzles, and a rich and compelling story line. take a pixelated adventure into Primordia; one of the best games ive played in years.buy it. you wont be disappointed."
76561198183149694,Recommended,227000,25141321,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,francesco.finucci,"After a total 11 hours of playing, I've finished Primordia. As a point-and-click the gameplay is mainly based on puzzles and some basic crafting, but its steampunk atmosphere, its hughely charismatic characters and its deep and thought-provoking messages are the strongest part in the game.In general, Primordia creates a powerful discourse about justice, law, charity, industry and energy, community and knowledge, energy and history. Most importantly, about logic and free will. As a player, you are brought to wander in an environment that is partially an echo of men's life, partially an odd representation of robotic life, where to the decay of humanity is counterposed the need for energy of the last city on earth. Every knowledge is lost in the dust, and Metropol, the city where the two protagonists will find themselves in, is a ghost city whose only side still provided with energy is a long road.I will be haunted by its finale for a while, also because of its powerful credit OST. It leaves its scars, but worth, worth playing."
,Recommended,227000,34459415,Posted: 24 August,all,Rash,"Brilliant writing , moody art style, and a captivating narrative. Highly recommend it if you love a good story and decent puzzle solving.I only wish the devs would fix the game's fullscreen issue. Was forced to use borderless gaming."
76561198004923777,Recommended,227000,35187495,Posted: 24 September,all,Trayzard,"Primordia's best part is the great unique and deep scifi story. The characters are well written and dialogues. The themes are serious and are often a nod to our today's society. On the other hand the game is also really funny because of your sidekick's comments. I can't think of any hour in which I didn't laugh several times.The graphics may look too old, but that's also the charm and isn't distracting you from the nice artstyle.Because it is an Point&Click Adventure and you are not familiar with them it could took you few attempts for certain puzzles even resulting in looking at guides, but it is worth it. In general it is easy to complete.If you are a SciFi fan, Primordia is a MUST-play!The story alone is worth buying it."
,Recommended,227000,8192235,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Sityu,"A masterpiece! If you like adventure games or SF, it is a must have. The story and setting feel like a blend between Machinarium and Beneath a Steel Sky, and the world is populated with really interesting characters. The resolution is small, but you will not care, because the art is beautiful. Although there are funny moments, in the end the game leaves you with a sad melancholy, which is constantly amplified by the great music. There are more and less serious decisions to make and multiple puzzle solutions to find out throughout the game, which gives it a high replay value."
,Recommended,227000,11458285,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,bobthebean,"For those who grew up on the point and click adventure games of old (Monkey Island, Full Throttle, et cetera), they aren't dead - you just need to know where to look. To those who haven't, point and clicks are largely narrative-driven games based upon exploration and puzzles - and this game has all three in spades. Intriuging setting? Done. Tough, but (almost always) fair, puzzles? Done. A compelling narrative? Oh yeah. This game has all of two downsides - first, that clues are sprinkled into the dialogue, but there isn't a way to reexamine or replay it, so sometimes you're left guessing. Second, the game is short - but this is more of a nitpick than anything, because its actual length belies the completeness which the game concludes with. Ultimately, this is a great work by a talented team, and the only real reason you wouldn't like it is because you don't like point and click adventures."
,Recommended,227000,13222796,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Nerdie,"Primorida is one of those games that's really emotionally devastating and depressing and you do feel bad for the characters and the world, but there's also that part of you that didn't really attach yourself to the characters and you're almost kinda glad to have it over and done with.As a point-and-click adventure game (and as a story) its all really well put together. The graphics and music create an eerie setting. Upon entering the city of Metropol, I immediately felt a disease with everything around me. Every step taken is a direct threat to the big bad, for the mere fact you aren't obeying her every word from the get-go. The knowledge that the bad guy is watching your every move and is intelligent enough to start planning hundreds of steps ahead makes me shiver.The puzzles are what you'd expect in a robot apocolypse: very technological, a strict sense of rules behind each one. All give off an extra feeling that speaks to me as ""yep. Puzzles caused by robots alright.""By the end though, I didn't feel particularly emotionally affected. Which was weird because I did feel for the characters. I gasped at plot twists, I shivered at the Big Bad, and my heart felt like it was stepped on when spoiler stuff happened. But I suppose it was just brief moments of emotions rather than a lasting impact. Maybe apocolypse stuff isn't my thing. Maybe it was that the darkness of the plot sort of negated any victory. I won but it didn't feel like a win. Maybe that was the point.Whatever, I'm rambling. TL:DR: its a good game. Really. If you play point-and-clicks or apocolypse games are your thing, check it out."
76561198000354369,Recommended,227000,18145138,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Eric,"The world of primordia is fascinating as it's revealed through solid dialogue and free-form exploration, and beautiful pixel artwork. I would recommend Primordia to anyone who enjoys story-driven interactive novel type games."
,Recommended,227000,23519945,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Uberphoenix,"A beautifully illustrated post-appocalyptic adventure with robots, conspiracy, and brilliant social commentary. It' not super long and the puzzles are tough, but it's a great adventure. If you've got some cash and time to kill with a penchant for puzzles, you can't go wrong with this game.Easily one of the more interesting Point and Clicks I have played recently."
,Recommended,227000,23897547,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,WildWasteland,"Awesome point-n-click game with a great story, setting and art style."
,Recommended,227000,24058899,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,gronostaj,"If at least one of these is true:- You like games with good writing and deep plot- You think dystopic Machinarium would be awesome- You loved the narrator's voice in Bastion... then you should definitely play Primordia. It's a solid piece of point-and-click set in a post-nuclear world inhabited by sentient robots built by mythic Man, worshipped by some and hated by others. 10/10."
,Recommended,227000,24665736,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Janos Biro,"Primordia is a cyberpunk game about faith. Much like in the movie Tron, the main character is a robot with a mission he forgot. A mission given by his own creator, Man.Primordia is a point-and-click adventure game by Wormwood Studios. The main character is a robot with amnesia, but made for a very significant purpose. It is still his choice to fulfill this purpose. He can be a faithful warrior that defeats the evil progressive mind and unites the robots, or he can run away from it. In the game, the robots live under a totalitarian secularist regime, where the belief that the machines were created by a mysterious being called Man is forbidden. His faith in Man keeps the protagonist alive. It is a very interesting twist for the cyberpunk genre.The graphics are beautiful, as well as the soundtrack. The voice acting is complete and very well done. The voice of Crispin is the best. The dialogues are funny and the developers opted for a more dynamic gameplay, allowing the player to engage in the story without huge dialogues.One of the advantages is a map that saves the player a good time that would be wasted wandering around. Another advantage is the ""automatic notes"", which saves you the trouble of writing down important information. There are several ways to solve the puzzles, and the developers sought to avoid puzzles that are incoherent with the setting. There is a great internal system for tips, preventing players from getting stuck.If you like games like Beneath a Steel Sky, or games that allow you to immerse in an engaging and deep atmosphere with unique and intriguing stories, you should give a chance to Primordia.Positive points* Amazing setting.* Good writing and voice-acting.Negative points* The engine is limited."
,Recommended,227000,25328912,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ribqueen,"This is a cool game!:> fab art> fab puzzles> amazing and witty script> interesting plot themes, character development, and character dynamics> multiple endings & plot pathwaysIf you're into point-and-click adventure games like Machinarium and Gemini Rue, this is probably your jam."
76561197967397955,Recommended,227000,29228731,Posted: 13 January,all,smoke,"It's good, but it's not a classic.8/10."
76561198014655696,Recommended,227000,29397310,Posted: 21 January,all,Darigaaz,"A really nice but short ""point and click"" game for those that doesn´t have the patients or rediculous logic that many other games of the genre require. For once you dont´t need a walkthrough to beat the game but the game itself supplies plenty of hints to keep you going.  It has an intresting story that doesn´t outstay it´s welcomeand if you´re new to the genre then this is the one for you."
76561198056331078,Recommended,227000,29835420,Posted: 10 February,all,Gingercraft,The best cyber+post apocalyptic game I've seen in years. You can see that the team really was into making it. We've seen a lot of pics and stuff but game still manages to surprise every now and then.Quests are challenging and it really adds to the atmosphere of the game.
76561198082408503,Recommended,227000,30911344,Posted: 2 April,all,Schecter227,Delicious Atmosphere
76561198030940707,Recommended,227000,34651946,Posted: 31 August,all,Super Sand Legend,"Fantastic game. The story was very well done. The puzzles weren't overly obscure so a bit of thought and experimentation would get you the answer, though some steps were easy to miss, so revisitng was a thing. The characters were fantastic and the voicing really brought everything to life. I especially enjoyed hearing Logan Cunningham (of Bastion, Transistor, and Pyre fame) as the voice of the main character. The art was great too and it really showed off what the pixelated style could do."
,Recommended,227000,35229349,Posted: 26 September,all,Edelguard,Great game.
76561198129236672,Recommended,227000,18343025,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Marcinos1985,"Nice robo-adventureI enjoyed this game a lot, even though I'm not a big fan of adventure games. Why:•	Primordia is a very ‘hospitable’ game. As mentioned before, I rarely play such a games but here I felt like at home. For comparison – I tried to play Monkey Island Series and quickly got frustrated.•	Retro stylization is very neat, gives you a feeling of good old times.•	Sense of humour is great.•	Characters in this game are really deep, easy to remember.Perfect game? There are some cons:•	 It’s a short game. 5h for first playthrough, 2-3 for second.•	Achievement concerning information kiosk is rubbish. ?•	Well, for an adventure noob like me some actions very unobvious.I’d rate it a 8/10, but closer to 9 than 7."
76561198044292133,Recommended,227000,20096326,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ser Poppari,Primordia is a great point and click game.PROS:+Great world and story.+Multiple ways to complete puzzles and different endings give replay value.+Sountrack fits perfectly.+Good voice acting (with the main character voiced by the guy from bastion).+Arstyle is nice.+Doesn't overstay its welcome.CONS:-Some pixelhunting.
,Recommended,227000,21762626,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Cogsworth[TEC],"Primordia's robot driven post-apocalyptic setting is a great twist on your standard post-war stories. Even though the characters in the game are robots they retain many human properties that makes them quite relatable. To add to this, their human traits are merged with some very interesting quirks based on what purposes they were coded for. This makes almost every character you meet really interesting and memorable, and also drives a lot humor in the game. In particular, the bond between the playable character Horatio and his creation and best friend Crispin is consistently entertaining thoughtout the whole game. It's not just the setting that's great though, the writing and story in general is fantastic, and the voice acting is amazing.The gameplay draws really well from the setting too. Scavenging for spare parts and pieceing machines together might feel pretty familiar to anyone who has played an adventure game before, but because of the setting and design of the game all of this feels really organic and fluid. It helps that there are core items in the game aren't simply used once and then thrown away, but instead you are gathering an array of tools (Your friend Crispin being one of them!) that you will keep reusing throughout the whole game. There is still the odd puzzle that had solutions I wouldn't have thought of and got me turning to a guide, but I would put this down to my own impatience rather than design faults of the game. I never really took the time to think things out completely as I was too compelled to move forward with the story!Long story short, I would strongly recommend this game. The only negative thing I can think of is that I had a couple of very minor technical issues that were resolved easily. If you have any interest in point-and-click adventures or story-driven games in general I wouldn't hesitate to pick this one up."
76561198042360328,Recommended,227000,13589159,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Papa_Guedhe,"This is probably one of the best stories I've come across for an indie game. A quick game, but a beautifully made one as well."
,Recommended,227000,18117961,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Zepphod,A gem that you can't afford to miss if you like the genre.
,Recommended,227000,29620105,Posted: 31 January,all,Krazyhorse,B'sod!Enjoyed the game. Haven't played point and click games since back in the day but read good things about Primordia so I thought I'd give it a chance.The music and art style are great.The story unfolds as you progress and isn't drawn out (game feels about the right length). The dialogue and Crispin's humor keep the game interesting.It's got good voice acting.The puzzles aren't overly complicated or frustrating but not too simple either.Highly recommend trying the game out.
76561198179693198,Recommended,227000,30564709,Posted: 17 March,all,ladyoniyide,I've had this game for a bit. I've found since the months I've played it that the story has stood the test of time. Something about Primordia is unforgettable. Now I will admit that figuring things out can be really frustrating at times but the storyline for me is so amazing that I'm willing to forgive the rough spots. I guess I will be a fan for life.
,Recommended,227000,32229641,Posted: 6 June,all,CrashMagnet,"Primordia was super neat! I loved the characters and the story, and the point-and-click adventure interface really brought back memories of some of the good ol' days. Highly recommend!"
76561197994155280,Recommended,227000,34009846,Posted: 4 August,all,Kinosaga,"This is a gem lost and found, it is interesting tho at times slow( even tho in no way is this an action game) the story kept me intrigued from beginning to end.musics great and the voice acting is awesome. but a critic i am not, wish i could of purchased this when it came out; however i do not regret purchasing this.(also sorry for any spelling and crammer errors)"
76561198160733095,Recommended,227000,23883389,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,denz.debale,"I loved this game. A story that doesn't focus on humans but the things we left behind. A great story, simple but it holds your interest. The puzzles are easy for the most part a few with well hidden clues might cause a few problems. Not to hard to figure out if you think about them though. The main characters are lovable crispin is the comic relief and Horatio is the serious one but he cracks a few jokes. I can't really give it justice it's one of those games you have to play on your own to understand."
76561198028719646,Recommended,227000,28222609,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Sonne978,"Very enjoyable story.  Suffers from typical point and click mechanics, however the great majority of puzzles have enough clues evident to figure out the puzzle"
76561198022391714,Recommended,227000,30861728,Posted: 31 March,all,BaronessRomanova,"A steampunk dyspotia where you get to play as a machine, it is a nice take on the apocalypse which isn't focused on how human survived.Definitely a great Indie game"
,Recommended,227000,11946289,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Azathoth,"Primordia is a point and click adventure game set in a post-apocalyptic world strewn with pieces of machinery.  You play as Horatio Nullbuild, who has a rather peaceful existence ruined when a powerful robot steals the power source of his ship.  Horatio and his companion Crispin leave their home and head for the city of glass and light - Metropol.  Here, you will uncover secrets of your past and gain a better understanding of humans who previously walked there.Primordia does not reinvent the genre, it is a sci fi adventure game that offers a dark and meaningful story - something lost in some modern point and click games.  The game provides excellent atmosphere, a rich script, solid puzzles and an art style that is really captivating.  It is the sort of game that tries to restore the classic point and click genre and I believe it has truly nailed it.  It feels like the 90's, but shows that with careful animations, voice acting and intricate details, that 'modern' resolutions and graphics are not always necessary.I wanted to find out more and had to see the different endings, take different paths and look for more information online.  The only fault would be that it is perhaps too short, especially if you are used to classic adventure games.  Some puzzles were pretty difficult and there were a few moments of ""That doesn't make much sense"", though that's something I always expect from these games.It is not really going to interest people who don't play point and click games.  It is for people who miss games like The Dig, Beneath a Steel Sky and maybe even the classic Fallout games (in terms of atmosphere).  It has replay value, great soundtrack, top storytelling and is certainly difficult enough to stump you in a few places.  Highly recommended."
76561198019283303,Recommended,227000,35319622,Posted: 29 September,all,cowcrusher,"I've played several Wadjet Eye games, and really love their aesthetic, but so far Primordia has their best story so far, I feel. The writing, voice acting, visuals, puzzles, and overall design are all top notch. It's a very short game, and probably not a lot of replay value, but the story and ideas in it are so good, that it makes up for any other shortcomings. Definitely makes you think afterward!"
,Recommended,227000,3543020,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,Cairyn,"The puzzles are pretty damn difficult, and the simplistic graphics take a little getting used to.But it's all worth it for the story; every action you take has consequences and even besides that it is an amazing epic I will recommend to everyone."
76561198056980805,Recommended,227000,12961062,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,KarmaPaymentPlan,I greatly enjoyed the story and the setting. The puzzles were mostly logical and having crispan provide hints every now and then was good for when you quit playing for a few days and try to remember what you were working on. Wish it was longer or they had more in the same setting.
,Recommended,227000,13984223,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Hoggrim,"Primordia is a return to the greatest traditions of point & click adventures - great music, interesting setting and characters and no ridiculous impossible puzzle solutions a la Roberta Whatever/Sierra garbage. This game has a great sense of humor as well, but doesn't get repetitive with the jokes. It doesn't make it too easy for you but the solutions to most things can be figured out after a bit of trial and error. I guess it came out in 2012 but I call it my game of the year for 2014, in a year of sequels and blah, this really stood out for me."
,Recommended,227000,17636848,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Madcat,"A thoughtful adventure game with stunning voicework and interesting characters.  Puzzles are logical rather than LOLrandom, and many have a couple of solutions.  Some pixel-♥♥♥♥♥ing to find things, but not too bad."
76561198067683541,Recommended,227000,18021142,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,koneda_64,"My favourite Point and Click since joining Steam. Great characters, good humour and fair puzzles. The story gets a lot more interesting the more you progress and multiple endings will increase play-time."
,Recommended,227000,19954099,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Silluin,"This review will be short because I'm too lazy right now to write a bunch of words but I still loved this game so much that I need to write something: amazing, truly amazing game. Play it."
76561198004316083,Recommended,227000,23860372,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,napdogs,"This game will forever be in my list of favourite games.The story, the art, the voice acting, the WORLD and all of it so genuine. Even though all those aspects arn't speical to gaming, all these strengths would not be so powerful in any other medium. You live in this world, and it's just the right amount of familiar and so foreign. At least for me.If I ever stop recommending this game it will be too soon."
,Recommended,227000,24054964,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,swe3tdave,"This game looks like something that came out of an old computer. But that retro look is kinda refreshing. As of July 2016, i had to manually turn my second screen off in windows for the game to start. Also, the windowed mode doesn't seem to be resizable. The story is compelling enough to play until the end. But, you can probably finish this game in a weekend. I would give it 3 star out of 5."
,Recommended,227000,24683186,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,micro,"Fantastic characters, setting and story. Meaningful choices with great endings. Beautiful artwork, great soundtrack, and really good voice acting."
76561198006849221,Recommended,227000,32751359,Posted: 24 June,all,rjazz2,A darker version of Machinarium.
,Recommended,227000,34093981,Posted: 7 August,all,FWKnight,"What a great atmosphere! Im an 80's kid and these types of games were what I was getting into in the late 80's early 90's, well done. Art, music, atmosphere, nailed it. Difficulty? Like the games in the past you can rack your brain and lose hours trying to find the right combo, then its time to hit a walkthrough. I found myself hitting the walkthrough more towards the end, some of the things didnt seem like something I would have figured out, items could have been labelled better, some better tells etc...Overall its an enjoyable story, artwork/music just great and if you use the walkthrough sparingly you might be surprised the events you can trigger. Good voice acting as well."
,Recommended,227000,34113228,Posted: 8 August,all,MangoPi,"Great game and storyline, sadly, due to some bug or the likes, I cannot finish the game as it crashes at a certain place all the time."
,Recommended,227000,34161051,Posted: 10 August,all,[GLAN]ST,"Somewhat light on the puzzles but heavy on the story, atmosphere, and world building. Puzzles felt like they fit into the story/world well. Sound and voice acting were remarkably well done all across the board, too. I thoroughly enjoyed this little adventure and all of its charm and shock (things can get a bit dark at some points)."
,Recommended,227000,11003200,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,DreamStar,"I am in love with Primordia! I found this game randomly and I am soo glad I did! Beautiful environment/sprites, engaging story, and classic point-and-click gameplay done right. This game is truly a work of art!I think this game gets the point-and-click puzzle/adventure aspect right in a way that many of these types of games fall short - the puzzle solving logic is straight forward and makes sense. You won't get left scratching your head, unable to move forward because of a vague goal or illogical item use to solve puzzles. Very enjoyable to play through and though I haven't finished the game just yet I can see the replay value being high considering there are multiple endings.BONUS - The Primordia world is enhanced through the game's website:http://www.primordiagame.com/A prequel story:http://www.primordiagame.com/fallen_complete.pdfAnd an audiobook version can be listened to here:https://www.youtube.com/user/WormwoodStudiosInc/videosI honestly don't have anything bad to say about this game. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys post-apocalyptic or dystopian tales set in a futuristic/sci-fi world with themes focusing on Robots, and retro style point-and-click puzzle games where story is the highlight of the game."
76561197998608535,Recommended,227000,34467464,Posted: 24 August,all,Hipster Devil,"Wonderful story. Great blend of serious, heavy themes and humor to relieve tension. Art is fantastic. The puzzles are very creative, challenging, and satisfying. Love the different endings.If you're a fan of sci-fi, puzzles, and good story, this is perfect."
,Recommended,227000,35216845,Posted: 25 September,all,Pirateguybrush,"As someone who plays a lot of adventure games, I can't recommend Primordia highly enough.  The story and worldbuilding are outstanding, the actors deliver universally solid performances, and the atmosphere is wonderfully crafted.  The characters are interesting, layered and well written, and really work to draw you into the world.What really stands out though, are the puzzles.  In many newer adventure games, these act largely as roadblocks to progress, and fall back on tried and true formulas we've all solved many times before.  Primordia has some great new puzzle ideas that I don't recall seeing in other adventure games, as well as puzzles with multiple solutions.  They're well integrated with the story, and are challenging without being illogical or ridiculous.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,227000,13171746,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Silva,"The first thing you will probably notice about Primordia is that it is a beautiful game. The graphics are pixellated, but not in the sense often used by amateur indie designers as an obvious cost-cutting measure. This is pixel art at its finest: lovingly crafted details in every background and most characters show that the game's artist took their work extremely seriously. That effort paid off in spades.The second thing you will probably notice about Primordia is that almost everything about it is bleak. This is not the post-apocalyptic world of Fallout, where things have gone to hell but black comedy keeps things from getting too dark. There is humor in the game, but it works in spite of the world being broken, not because of it. Humanity is extinct, its robotic creations and their creations in turn forming what qualifies for society in Primordia's shattered world. Energy is life, and power is running out.The third thing you will notice is that often the game works in a far more logical way than others in its genre might lead you to expect. Early on you see a lantern on a high shelf your character cannot reach. The solution? Ask your hovering robot sidekick to push it down. There are a lot of moments like that in Primordia, where logic prevails over the typical adventure game ""must be as drunk as the original designer to comprehend"" school of puzzles.That said, there are still moments where you may not figure out on your own. I had to look things up at least a couple times in my playthrough to advance. Not everyone will, and I would discourage players from reading up except as a last resort. The puzzles make up a huge chunk of the game. If they are not your thing, I would say the game is still worth playing with a guide for the atmosphere alone."
76561198028169638,Recommended,227000,13172753,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,terildo,"Great story, a mature and really deep one. I think its one of the best point & click game I ever play. The only minus is the poor graphics (pixels!). But still ist a great game and I really enjoy plain it."
,Recommended,227000,29558353,Posted: 28 January,all,Tiddlywinks,"Super engaging story. Really well-written. Good game to play to get away from all the devs that just want your money, rather than making a good game. Some of the puzzles are really challenging."
76561198008872166,Recommended,227000,2531896,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Scrutinizer,"An incredible adventure game, Primordia offers a unique setting, interesting plot, likeable and various characters and obviously clever puzzles. A must play, not only for adventure fans."
,Recommended,227000,13813906,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,angelm1nd,"A really fun, solid point-and-click adventure set in a credible post-apocalyptic world."
76561198034550148,Recommended,227000,24025969,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Exizt why,"Delirously delicious digital buffet for the inquisitive finger plonker. Also, mystical and hyper-lovely in a rusty dusty metallic toothy sort of fashion. Prepare to be enhanced. 'Strange robot, go away.' ♥♥♥♥! fine...."
,Recommended,227000,30381165,Posted: 7 March,all,Necrobern,"I hardly recommend this game to anybody new to the genre. While the game offers multiple solutions to their puzzles, the most important ones are quite complicated for the casual player. It offers a handy hint system to keep progress (Sometimes a bit too vague however) but you'll find inmense difficult spikes in some parts of the game.If you can handle the challenge the game is a very solid adventure from beginning to end. Starts with a simple premise and snowballs the plot through the end. It also offers multiple endings so you can experiment with alternative solutions and choices in consequent playthroughs. The graphics and artstyle offers wonderful atmosphere and character design, but I advise you to play it windowed since the sprites don't transition well in full screen.Overall a must have for the fans of this kind of games, specially veterans which want tough puzzles but not a single or convoluted solution to solve them. It might force you to find a guide sometimes, but even so the story is great enough to experience by its own merits."
76561198064360564,Recommended,227000,34693880,Posted: 2 September,all,christopher.m4rx,"So many deep and timeless ideas within this story. God, religion, individualism vs collectivism, justice, emotion vs rationality, sacrifice for the greater good, propety rights, etc. Very well done, highly recommended!"
76561197990311399,Recommended,227000,7614663,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,[user deceased],"I wished I were a machine and could join Horatio and Crispin in their universe. Goodbye, cruel world."
76561198012622262,Recommended,227000,8043039,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Andrei,Classical quest game like the ones we had in the '90s. Highly recommend it! :)
76561198089501075,Recommended,227000,16565492,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Neuhnee,"I do not like point and clicks.I love this point and click.Characters you actually care about. Very interesting story told mostly through implication rather than blatant exposition. At least as many allusions as any Fallout game. Despite the fact that the game is fairly small and your ability to explore and interact with the world are necessarily limited it still manages to create the impression of a much larger world. My only complaint, and it's a small one in this internet world, is that some of the bread crumbs are so far off the path that after you look up a walkthrough to get you unstuck you're left wondering how the first guy ever managed to figure it out in the first place.I have more money. If they ever add to this world I will have a little less."
,Recommended,227000,26938010,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Clar-3,"A game with beautiful storyline and characters which you will remember for the long time, its a very good game for people who enjoy Point & Click adventure, Sci-fi and post-apocalyptic setting.It have:• Amazing voice acting• Interesting puzzles• Unqiue, amazing art style• Soundtrack which catches and playes on your heart strings• Interesting catching story, which contains multiple endings"
,Recommended,227000,24564063,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,TheLagbringer,"I love point'n'click adventures, but Primordia is only slightly above average. I couldn't immerse myself into the atmosphere and the whole world design was ""too human"". I didn't believe at all they were robots. All the characters could be replaced by humans (except Metromind, I guess) and you woudn't feel a difference. This is definitelly not my idea of a post-apocalypse AI world. However, the story was nice with interesting characters and a great sense of humour (I am looking at you, Crispin), it is definitely worth a try. 6/10"
,Recommended,227000,25735634,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,knightwolf,"B'sod! This game is amazing!Seriously? YES.Story: 10/10Gameplay: 10/10Music: 10/10Characters: 10/10Puzzles: 10/10It took me a little while to get into it, but after about an hour I was hooked. I loved every aspect of it. Congratulations Wormwood+Wadjeteye you're on my radar! :D"
,Recommended,227000,19844069,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Jacked,"==New ReviewI've written a new review on completing the game. First I still think the warning applies: it should be made clearer that it runs 640x400.** That's not a full screen size image in the video**. However I found it best to turn on x4 anti-aliasing, this is the best option.This is a great story, nice main character and side kick, good voice acting, setting is interesting. I only got stuck a couple of times, and you know when you do in these games it's because you've missed something obvious or not so obvious on the screen. I'm not a fan of searching the screen for a clue and there is'nt  too much of that, but if you get stuck chances are it's that. The memorious puzzle was in fact a bit oblique to me, like I'd forgotten something in a trunk.I'd also say this is the type of game where even though the in game data collection works fine you will need a pen and paper for a couple of the code and logic puzzles but that's it. Mostly because getting it wrong the first time locks you out of achieving some of the achievements, though this does give you incentive to play again.It has multiple endings so there's some replayability to it at the end.I'd compare the setting to Machinarium, but story style wise and feel more Beneth a steel sky. I happen to think those are two top games.To dev: I dont think a sequel would be possible *right now* but maybe a prequel  would fit really well here. Do a Star Wars and make a trilogy and jump around the timeline.Having read the Fallen pdf it did give me much more of a sense of story, I can see how things would be missing with out it. I'd put a link on the store page for download if it's not already there. Add the setting to right click change settings to the library entry.Top Rating=== old reviewI bought a bunch of point and clicks at the same time, and when I got this I really didnt realise it ran this size. It's too fiddly and post stamp size. I'm aware I can scale it up x4 but then it becomes quite hard to discern things in the picture, which is annoying.I don't have a problem with pixel art, and in some cases that's easier for finding things on screen rather than a high res style, but the art style here makes it too difficult to recognise things. I played through Techno Babylon no problem, which is at a larger resolution but something about that game has cleaner lines where as Primordia has a lot of detail. I'd compare this more to Machinarium style but pixelated.This could really benefit the clarity it has at 640x400 at a larger frame. I know that won't be possible without remaking it, but that might actually be worth doing...At the moment im in two minds about it and getting a refund.Which is a pity because im pretty sure it is good.Depends if you can live with that size. edit: use 4x anti-aliasing, it goes a bit dream like looking but it's certainly better. cheers==="
,Recommended,227000,13151747,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Asti,"A marvelous point'n'click adventure! Unique world design, great atmosphere and story, accompanied with nice music and a perfect voice acting. Its puzzles can be hard sometimes, but I think they're still easier to figure out than in older point'n'click games (e.g. Broken Sword or Flight of the Amazon Queen). I recommend it with whole heart!"
,Recommended,227000,1170093,"Posted: 6 December, 2012",all,Sexual Magic,"Awesome point and click adventure done in the classic vga style like the kings/space /police quest and liesure suit larry titles. Its an awesome story and easy to play, i'd say its worth picking up or getting on sale. I do believe there is a demo as well. Very nice to see steam greenlight  bringing new titles to more people. So get to upvoting games!"
,Recommended,227000,32546534,Posted: 18 June,all,steerwat,things i did in this game:1) accidently murdered someone with a blow-torch2) acted as judge during divorce proceedings3) joined a religion
76561198062530471,Recommended,227000,6268118,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,marioq82,"Simple mechanics, complex puzzles, great game"
76561198066299742,Recommended,227000,6437507,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Cricket,"Superb point and click adventure. Interesting and beautiful world, the story is good and the puzzles are all logical and make sense. there are multiple ways to solve problems and several different endings. Certain puzzles/problems can be irreversibly failed, forcing you to find different solutions and in some cases altering the story/ending. If you like adventure games, buy it."
,Recommended,227000,1253823,"Posted: 7 December, 2012",all,Nari,"I started this review thinking ""i'd only reccommend this game if it was 10 dollars"" then I saw the price and was like derp.Its another good point and click adventure game, it suffers from the faults of the genre simply because its part of the genre.That being said I loved the enviroments, the art direction in this game is really solid they capture the distopian depression look very nicely, and the world feels larger than the game itself. I found myself wanting to see more places more locations as the game drew to a close.Puzzles are still adventuregames issues, but, typically it involves how much you pay attention. This one likes to slap you with obvious solutions after you are predispositioned to go in an obtuse way.Overall, if you love adventure games and want a healthy dose of post human robotland distopia, you should get it."
,Recommended,227000,1740218,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Mark,This game is ACE!
76561198051962093,Recommended,227000,5562077,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Lennzz,"This was a great game with plenty of riddles that you will scratch your head over. Increadable plot, ending, and charectors. This is one of my favorite games i have ever played through. I beat it twice ahd hope to play more. Something i liked was that how it ended realy relyed on you. I felt like my decisions mattered. There were a cuple things you could do differently just to see what happened. You realy came to love the characters and hope for their well being and throughout the game as hidden lines unfolded the game just got that much better. If you are thinking about adding this title to your libary you totally should."
,Recommended,227000,7529556,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Lomeo,"Poorly optimized, but otherwise a great point-and-click adventure game, with powerful post-apocalyptic atmosphere and nice story."
,Recommended,227000,27872033,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ALLEN!,"I like this game, a very unique atmosphere to me.42/10 would contemplate life again"
,Recommended,227000,15589410,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,hahabst1025,"it's really a good PnC game i playedyou role a robot with a talkative float headlive in wasteland and try to find out the lifealmost evrything you can examine and combo, interesting conversation always be with your float matefully command you play this story and find the end you realy make"
,Recommended,227000,3579785,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Kerma,"Witty Dialogue from Logan and his pal Crispin, interesting characters and side characters, a very well fleshed out world, and fairly easy puzzles with not very much ""developer logic"",  if you have ever enjoyed a point and click game, I would reccomend you pick this one up."
,Recommended,227000,3647003,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,meru,"Primordia is a must for anyone who is a fan of old-school point & click adventures.The tale follows robot Horatio and his floating companion Crispin as they try to retrieve a power core stolen from them by a boxy robot with lasers in a post-apocalyptic style world - however, the story is much more than this basic premise. One of the central questions the player wants answered is what exactly happened to the humans who presumably once inhabited this Earth and created the robots left behind. Added to this is a tapestry of moral and philosopical themes such as the meaning and existence of free will, individuality, progress, and what constitutes the 'greater good'. These sometimes rather heavy themes are pulled off through excellent writing, and are offset by a quirky humour that runs through the whole game. This off-beat humour and occasional breaking of the fourth wall are reminiscent of some of my favourite, genuinely old-school games such as Simon the Sorcerer, and I think anyone who was playing this kind of thing in the early 90's will appreciate it. The worldbuilding and background detail is fantastic - my one gripe is that the game just doesn't go far enough. There are hints of exciting other locations that we don't get to visit, and the larger philosophical themes are never fully explored.As this is a game and not just a visual novel, I should probably mention a bit about the gameplay - it's pretty much standard of point & click games, and uses the traditional inventory system. Nothing stood out as unique, but equally nothing was inconvenient or jarring. The puzzles are not particularly challenging, and there's plenty of hints on hand from Crispin if one chooses to press him for them (it's also pretty fun to hear him getting annoyed and snarky when you try and use him too many times). I prefer simpler puzzles so the flow of the story doesn't stall, but others might find this game too easy.In terms of visuals, the pixel art is gorgeous, and the colour palette of browns, rusts and muted golds perfectly realizes the dusty, disued world. The audio content is also great, from the music to the voice acting. Even minor characters are voiced, and the robot voice effects are pretty cool.Overall an 9/10 for this game. The presentation is beautiful both visually and aurally, and beneath this is a solid story rooted in a world that feels like it really could be our future. Horatio and Crispin are likeable and memorable characters to journey through this tale with, and their easy banter creates the emotional anchor to this crumbling planet. Points are lost for the sense that the game could have been bigger both in terms of the number of locations, and the philosophical ideas that never seem to be explored quite as far as you hope. Regardless, 'Primordia' is highly recommended!"
,Recommended,227000,8047189,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,tsoba-tsoba,"Interesting unusual story about far feature, where robots face with very similar problems we have. Fun jokes, great quests, fascinating ambience. A little bit poor graphics, but it's completely makes up with I've described above.Play it, if you like a postapoplectic, robots and not casual games.Thanks to the creators. \:)/"
,Recommended,227000,6935215,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Eisenreich,"A flawless game that leaves you hungry for more, this really is a magnificent indie game that oozes with a completely absorbing cyberpunk atmosphere. Great plot, great characters, often moving, the usual puzzling moments of point and click adventures that are executed very well, charming retro 90s-style adventure graphics, excellent overall design and a beautiful Vangelis-style soundtrack......This game is an absolute must for both fans of great point and dlick adventures and grim, atmospheric cyberpunk science fiction. I could happily play this over and over again and not get bored..."
,Recommended,227000,15087380,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,GODKaiserOs,"You take the role of  Horatio Nullbuild, a robot who lives in a vast wasteland. Together with his robot companion CrispinHoratio tries to rebuild the  Uniic,  an ancient ship left behind by Man.The Journey of Horatio and Crispin begins as a Droid named Scraper swipes the powercore of the Uniic.Primordia is a Point&Click adventure with a retro graphical style and  an epic soundtrack.It features clever and headcracking riddles along with a slow starting but awesome Story with tons of very loveable  and nice synched charackters to meet on your journey.i would recommend Primordia for all Fans of Adventures like ''Monkey Island'', ''Broken Sword'' or ''TheBlackwellLegacy'' and for all fans of story driven robotic cyberpunk."
76561198067782618,Recommended,227000,8423926,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Glaran,Nice game with a great atmosphere and soundtrack. A must if you like point&click.
,Recommended,227000,7529774,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,LordXaras,"If you showed me this game and told me that some guy with a time machine brought it from 1994, the golden age of adventure games, I wouldn't question it. Well, maybe the time machine part. For all I know you could have found it in a bargain bin or at Goodwill or something. Maybe your uncle's game collection.My point is that this is a game that looks and feels and sounds and plays exactly like the best of the genre 20 years ago. Anyone who is fond of classic point-and-click games will like this."
76561198041958336,Recommended,227000,8641143,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Awesomeness_86,"A very awesome game, well worth the price. Haven't played an amazing point and click adventure like this since the first 3 Monkey Island games. It is not quite as comical, but your sidekick Crispen does have some funny dialogue that lightens up the mood. Several very cool different endings. Really leaves you wanting more, played it through 2x but still can't get enough. If you are looking for a good point and click game, this is it."
76561198079264781,Recommended,227000,8815626,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Sam514,"definetely worth checking out,the story is intriguing,the dialogue is clever,and the banter between the 2 main characters is great to listen to,however expect to have to check a wiki at least once,some of the puzzles REALLY go against anything a normal person would think"
76561197972329496,Recommended,227000,9040276,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Silent Shadow,"Great story, clever puzzles, interesting dialogue, and I loved the multiple endings."
76561197999475503,Recommended,227000,9124142,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Mailanka,"A magnificently fun point-and-click adventure, featuring the voice of Logan Cunningham (of Bastion fame) set in a beautiful and compelling sci-fi world.  Completely worth it just for the evocative scenery.  My only complaint is that it's too short."
,Recommended,227000,9251813,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Vincent von Vulpix,"Very fun point and click adventure game.  Endings leave a little to be desired-- I really wonder which one is considered the good/true end, since they all seemed to be a bit of a let-down or cop-out.  Of course, when the end of the game came around I wasn't even sure as to what I wanted happen-- certainly not flying, that's for sure.There were a few sticky parts which were trying-- Crispin's hints could be both obvious and unhelpful.  I ended up nosing into a guide at some points, especially at the information kiosk.Regardless, I do recommend this game, and would probably give it a 8/10."
,Recommended,227000,10087670,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,voidspit,"Cute point & click adventure with a balanced blend of both simple and more challenging puzzles, plus a decent storyline (although the ending/s seem somewhat abrupt). Pretty good overall, definitely worth the money I paid for it."
76561198035771275,Recommended,227000,10280830,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Mr. 𡳞樣,"Frustrating, beautiful, brilliant, compelling and unforgettable. One of the best games I've ever played, with characters so human you will forget they're actually robots."
,Recommended,227000,10318899,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Rhavviepoodle,"Adventure games are not dead after all. The puzzles in this game are never tedious, but the difficulty does increase throughout gameplay. The narrative and characters are believable and intriguing, and the art-style and music fit together perfectly. Gritty cyberpunk post-apocalyptic story exploring what it means to be human (sort of)."
,Recommended,227000,10330717,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Grantoid,Truly amazing. Like playing through a great science fiction novel in the shell of a classic point and click adventure.
,Recommended,227000,10622918,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,HazynLazy,"I really Enjoyed this game. Great Story, and awesome art! AAA+ Seller! WILL DO BUSINESS AGAIN!!"
,Recommended,227000,11080002,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Smith,"Great game, excellent story and humor. >QUERY RATING 10/10"
,Recommended,227000,11094099,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Danny350,"This is one of the best Wadjet games. Very interesting storyline, and not too hard. If you're a fan of point & click games don't pass this one up."
,Recommended,227000,11139615,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Beej,"This is probably the best point and click adventure game I have played. If you enjoy sci-fi story based games - you will love this one. The music, voice acting, puzzles, challenges were all very unique and a blast to play through. It's definitely unforgettable."
76561198035048248,Recommended,227000,11217135,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Rydog7777,A really interesting point and click adventure game that deserves a sequel. It doesnt seem to be very well known in the gaming community but its definitely worth looking in to. I love the atmosphere and the world its based in. Truely a unique sci fi game.
76561197972146100,Recommended,227000,11241863,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,THE_RaBiD_CanuK,"This is one of the coolest games I've played. Great atmosphere, provacative story, and clever interactions with the game world, which completely immersed me. I highly recommend."
76561198046487935,Recommended,227000,11496207,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,[USKUSHIII] hundrix,"The greatest point'n click for all cyberpunk loversI've played a lot of point'n click, and besides the fact that some others as Machinarium and Botanicula are pretty amazing, this one was for me, by far, the best one I've ever done. Everything is perfectly designed to take you in the game, the characters are very well made, and the story will make you thing and ask yourself about things you didn't even expect.It is of course my personnal feeling, as I love cyberpunk, but I think this game is worth playing. You will have some great time, I guarantee it."
76561198018526506,Recommended,227000,11648834,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,JML604,"If you like point and click adventure games this is for you.Well developed characters, mysterious and intriguing story boasting multiple choices and endings.Set in a gritty, grimy sci-fi post-apocalyptic diesel punk world."
76561197967470507,Recommended,227000,11998225,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Leff,gud game
76561198010334329,Recommended,227000,12046519,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Strange Bot,"Play it. Really, you have no excuse not to."
76561198010369064,Recommended,227000,12178106,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,ThingFish,"I really loved Primordia it took me back to the days when Sierra, Revolution and Lucas Arts created some truly unique games and Primordia stands perfectly in their company. The voice acting is very good and there is a lot of humorous references to pop, computing and gaming culture. Primordia gives the player many choices for a game in this genre with various ways to solve puzzles and multiple endings that have very different outcomes. A few puzzles might be considered difficult, but most will keep you entertained without causing frustration. It took me about 8 hours to finish before going back to try different solutions to see the all the endings. I think Primordia is well worth the asking price and I found it more enjoyable than some newer click adventures 2-3 times more expensive. If you enjoyed games like Beneath A Steel Sky, The Dig or Ring World you won't be disappointed in Primordia."
,Recommended,227000,14702295,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,mbiro,"INCREDIBLE/10Only, WHY OH WHY WAS THIS SUCH A SHORT GAME?!?????  The story had such a richness- It felt like a demo of a game I can't wait to explore.One of THE most interesting dystopian robot scifi settings to date."
76561197983324630,Recommended,227000,14847636,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,owen445x,"I really liked this game and I think anyone that had played games like Kings Quest series would love this too.Story has a fallout kind of vib with graphics from the late 80's to early 90's which I liked.The art work and the rustic desolated world really had me enticed the entire time I played it.My only grip with this game was trying to find one or two items, I mean I literally had to click on every pixel in order to find this little part in a junk pile. I kind of wished it would have had a glimmer to it or something to help you find it better, not like spoon feed you but, if you didn't unlock a part of the story then you might not find it at all but out of chance, then you get a certian object that might help you find object b easier or something.Other than that, this game is awesome click adventure and I highly recommend it to anyone that likes doom and gloom retro art and click adventure games."
76561197971473601,Recommended,227000,15103347,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,FUSMC,"Outstanding.  Story, art, gameplay, and even characterization, are all among the best I've seen.  The game reminds me of old-school adventure games like Torin's Passage, but perfects the same formula.  One of the best adverture games I've ever played."
76561197998491720,Recommended,227000,15158932,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Kaseros,"Not much to say. If you liked the point n click classics, you'll like this one. Great atmosphere, setting with a bit of humor of a lovable and funny sidekick. The puzzles can be challenging but not impossible. But there are a couple of puzzles you could get stumped on. I used a walkthough there. So sue me. :P"
76561197970680531,Recommended,227000,15302428,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Krassimir,"Truly a master piece point click adventure game which has learned and adapted from all it's former predecessors. If you're interested in an old styled point click adventure which preserves the ""vintage"" feel of the genre, while making mile stone improvements to its execution -- then this is for you.Everything in this game made sense, I only used the walkthrough a small amount of times. The side kick is actually useful, he even hints you if you get stuck. The characters felt real and alive, things were not too 'grindy' and the story was very captivating... I can't say enough good things. If you're thinking about buying this game then don't think twice, buy it."
,Recommended,227000,15719371,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ArYahn,"Joining the chorus. If you're looking for a good point and click, or just a neat story/world, I doubt this would disappoint you."
76561198038156154,Recommended,227000,9297725,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Klao,great game
,Recommended,227000,9500893,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,gunsage,"I’m a sucker for graphical adventure games, though they don’t always pan out. All the same, Wadjet Eye hasn’t let me down yet. This one’s a bit of a different take. Basically, the human race is gone and all we’re left with is machines just trying to get by and survive. Unfortunately, there’s not a whole hell of a lot else I can say because I haven’t played this one much.  So why recommend it, then? First and foremost, everything is dripping in ambience.The artwork, animation, sounds, music…all of it is perfect and fitting. In a way, it almost reminds me of New Vegas in that you are nomadic and are forced into going into “the city” at an eventual point that only serves to further the plot with all kinds of twists.  Nevermind that there are returning voice actors from other Wadjet Eye titles that do an outstanding job and the puzzles are no joke…though not necessarily heavy-handed either. Again, I haven’t played too much into it, but the game is cheap and a definite throwback to earlier graphical adventure titles. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,227000,16005580,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Rockness Monstah,"This game is great!  Another hit from Wadjet Eye aside from Gemini Rue (another must play!)Pros:Eerie music to go along with the gameplay; which is a big deal to me.Haven't come across any bugs.Funny/good dialogue.Tough puzzles.Cons:Graphics are dated, but it is what it is.  I can handle it, but some couldn't.Tough puzzles (a Pro & Con)Would definitely recommend!!!"
,Recommended,227000,16034764,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Not Vaught,"General Overview: Primordia, a point and click adventure, takes place in the unique timeline of post-apocalyptia where humans are no longer present. The only thing left is their own invention: machine. Machine that prospered and slowly became just like human, with their own ideas and vices. Even if they're limited by their programming, they could still interact with others like normal folk. Taking the reigns of Horatio Nullbuilt and Crispin, what starts as a simple retrieval turns into a full blown adventure, albeit a somewhat short trip.Gameplay: The game itself follows the point and click style of gameplay, so its hard to screw that part up. That said, it does a good enough job being difficult and leaving you wondering ""what the hell do I do now?"" Thankfully, Crispin has a built in hint-o-tron to give you tips on what you could do or should do if you're ever stumped. The puzzles themselves are, in my opinion, pretty darn easy. The only difficult ones would be where you meet your unfriendly thief again or when you need access to a certain place with a long string of code. Other than that, it's pretty straight forward. Then again, I play puzzles for kicks so take that with a grain of salt.Therearesome puzzles with different methods of completion, usually a good and bad way. Sometimes the bad way is the only obvious way, where the good way will require a save here and there to help you out should you pull an oopsie. By the way, you'll probably be doing this often. Puzzles do have ""soft-fail"" states, which can be pretty infuriating, so save often! The actual game itself is, unfortunately, pretty damn short. You could probably finish the entire game within 5 hours or so (after knowing everything and everyone and all the choices). There isA TONof going back and forth. No joke, you'll probably find yourself going back and forth between robots, trying everything, for a good 10 minutes until something works. It can get annoying fast. There are also a few references sprinkled here and there to earn a few chuckles. Some more obvious than others.Art: Holy hell, this art style. While a mess of browns, it works so damn well together. Not to mention Horatio and Crispin always seem to stand out from the environment whenever possible, so that's also a plus. Unfortunately, the overwhelming abundance of browns makes finding some robots or items kinda difficult. Had to pull the hover method to find a few things sometimes. I understand its supposed to be post-apocalyptia, but sometimes you have to look away and rub your eyes.Music: It's amazing. Done.Acting: The VA in this game are beautiful and, at the same time, somewhat phoned in. Sometimes you can tell the lines are being read from the script. Other times you feel it from the heart. It is, overall, a very good experience to feel the voices actually try when they do. Funnily enough, it was the side characters that, in my opinion, had the best acting compared to our main characters.Overall, I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone that loves a good point and click adventure with a fan♥♥♥♥ingtastic sound track."
,Recommended,227000,16447236,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Justice Pirate,I really enjoyed playing this point and click game about a robot who is learning about himself while working to figure out what happened to mankind who made him.  It is a bit of a sad tale with various endings but overall a really neat story.
76561198134678166,Recommended,227000,16612147,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,lokethecheetah,"At times, the puzzles can be very frustrating, but not beyond what's to be expected in a point-and-click. This robot-centric game is atmospheric and at times funny."
76561198068649736,Recommended,227000,17016343,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,mrkdsmith,"I couldnt pull myself away from this game! It was a real peice of nostalgia playing a 90s DOS-style point and click game. The graphics were very impressive, and keeping loyal to the distinct low-res 16-bit feel. The storyline is engaging with some interesting sub-text about human society. The puzzles are challenging enough to keep you wanting more, but never too challenging. The music was beautiful and really added to the sence of desolation. The only think i didnt like was some of the voice acting was a bit hammy. Other than that its a brilliant game!"
76561198016198906,Recommended,227000,17342887,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,DeltaVex,"Good Lord please buy and play this game if you're looking at it. I liked it so much that I still think about it from time to time even though I finished my play through two and a half years ago. If you're checking out this review, then trust me you're going to love this game.It has the absolute best, richest, and most vivid atmosphere I've ever seen in a game and the voice acting is top notch. The story is engaging and compelling. You'll be hooked.Do yourself the favor. It's only ten bucks, and you'll thank me when you're done."
,Recommended,227000,17438609,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,ColorOfYourEnergy,"Another great game publushed by Wadjet Eye. The artwork and music was amazing and I really like the analogy of religion intertwined with science in a way I haven't seen before. It really added to the distopian vibe. It felt like the game was attemptng to mess with gender identities, but could have done better. Still, highly recomend."
,Recommended,227000,17671196,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,SirBittle,"This game was a pleasant surprise, to be certain. I could tell just from looking at the trailer and screenshots of this game that it looked interesting, and that ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" next to the user reviews made it seem like a no-brainer. So, finally I picked up this game and boy, I am not disappointed.Let's get the bad out of the way first.This game runs in a very small resolution, at least for most modern monitors. The highest resolution possible is 1280x800, which looks best in a window. It was also a bit annoying that the only way I could find to change these settings was by a launcher in the actual folder containing the game files. I only found that much by perusing the game forum when I was disappointed with the resolution.There isn't much replayability. I can definitely see myself trying this game again to do a few things different, but overall it is a story-driven and therefore linear experience. It has several endings, but most of those endings are decided at your own whim by how you play out the final scenes.Now, the good.The obvious first thing you'll notice about this game is that artwork. I found it to be very cool to look at and definitely gives you that feeling of despair - a world wasting away around you as you desperately try to rebuild what you can. You also have atmospheric music that adds to these scenes but mostly stays in the background. It adds a lot, but doesn't overtake it. Instead, it's all just working together to give you an experience.The voice acting is likewise excellent. The main character and his sidekick both do most of the talking, so it's great to see them so well performed. It's easy to pick up on their personalities and they're both likeable.I'm always a bit bad at puzzles in games, but I thought the ones here were challenging but always possible. Nothing ever felt frustrating or beyond my abilities to figure out. I did get ""stuck"" in a few places where I had no idea what to do, but it usually came down to me not thinking about the situation well enough or remembering details that I simply overlooked. It's worth saying, almost everything matters in this game. There are few things that are superfluous.Overall it took me about six hours to complete this game. I would have liked for it to be longer, but I could say that for any good game.If you're interested in this game at all, check it out."
76561198019863402,Recommended,227000,18382943,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,F1R37YNX,This game was very good. I wish there were more games like this.
76561198033072969,Recommended,227000,18643186,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Bloodocean,"I don't write reviews often but this game warrants one.I highly recommend this game, It is a truely amazing experiance and you can see just how much dedication to every detail was given to this game. I haven't experianced a story that moved me as much as this in a long time! The world feels so alive and the puzzles and tasks feel meaningful not thrown together. This is the first point and click I ever finished to the end without using a guide, however this does not mean its easy just that the difficult challenges are fun and worth working through on your own.The characters, the art the atmosphere and music and the backstory just everything about this game is perfect and I am mourning its end as I could sit in front of my computer playing this forever.If you for what ever reason are on the fence about buying this masterfully crafted game please take my advice and just buy it. I would have paid double for this without hesitation.Thank you to the developers for this awesome game! and a round of applause to the artists and the voice actors as everything just fits perfectly!10/10 Buy it now or miss out."
,Recommended,227000,19290529,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Chewy,"I give it 8.5 / 10The puzzles provide a good challenge and the story is well written. I really enjoyed playing through this, unlike other point and click adventure games. The themes are also pretty dark, but very satisfying and aided in keeping me playing. I tend to put these kind of games down because I get bored or suck. I hated mine sweeper as a kid and randomly clicking around the screen got tiresome. Primordia even has some cheeky and cleaver dialogue incase you need to run around clicking everything. Didn't help with the frustration, but the occasional joke helped keep me from just giving up. Plus CYBERPUNK! PLUS POST APOCALYPTIC WASTELANDS!SPOILERS!!!!--------There are multiple endings. I assure you, saving right before the big confontation helps you experience them all! Each is pretty cool, but even some optional items can have an impact on the ending. Mainly items belonging to your companions. Also certain events may occur that have an impact on your endings. Save different files often as kind of a bookmark so you can go back and attempt for different outcomes. I had about 17 so I could see everything with three files for all the endings (confrontation save)For example, there's a situation where you can corner a rogue AI. Save before you attempt! Trapping him gives you an item that aids in the true ending, but killing him changes the ending of that chapter. So if you want to experience both chapter endings, you'll need 2 saves, but after that, the two paths merge and continues normally.ALSO! SPOILERS!Have Crispin talk to the lanterns. He needs the practice!"
,Recommended,227000,19668648,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,agiantsalamander,"Great game. Everything that a point and click RPG should be. I enjoyed the variance in puzzles and that they weren't all given to you without work. I lso liked to ability play with minimal help or lots of it, depending on the puzzle. There were a few puzzles that had harder to follow or find peices than I liked, but it may have just been me. Overall, I greatly enjoyed the experience and would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,227000,21243082,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,doglobster,"Incredible game, I resisted getting this for a while, but I'm so glad I did. Amazing atmosphere, tricky and rewarding puzzles, excellent voice acting and dialog, just brilliant. Go get."
76561198070640085,Recommended,227000,21333142,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Judge Holden,"Neat Story, mild puzzle elements, amazing visuals and sountrack. enjoyed it. Always looking for more like this."
76561198040996114,Recommended,227000,21514896,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,scrawford65,"My god. You want to talk about fun and story-driven gameplay? This thing comes close to a masterpiece. 9/10. Details below.Set in an extreme post-apocolyptia, our hero attempts to recover a power source he desperatly needs, stolen from him by a hulking robot. As his simple quest progresses, he finds himself drawn into the day-to-day conflicts of many men and women bots, deepening the story and lore of the world naturally. On the way you, the player, solve simple yet satisying point-and-click puzzles with elegent conectivity and solutions. The vast majority of the puzzles feel very natural, not forcibly integrated with the environment. The few esoteric ones can be figured out by paying careful attention to the dialogue of NPC bots. As you travel from your humble abode across vast wastes, to a sprawling, decrepit city, you meet incredibly interesting characters. The amount of work that went into the art design is astounding, and reflects well on the amount of work that went into the writing. The story is driven by dialogue rather than the environment, though all the scenes are breathtaking. I will say Crispin's playful banter leaves something to be desired and feels off-key, coming as it is in such a bleak game. But the story and gameplay merge so seemlessly you can forgive it. An incredible game with replay value and amazing choice endings. Highly reccomended."
76561198077980987,Recommended,227000,21713675,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,peplozem,"B'sod! This is in my ""Top 3 Games of All Time"" now..."
76561198032494865,Recommended,227000,22204208,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Babumkin,"One of the best adventure games of the past few years, heavily influenced by Fallout and Planetscape: Torment."
76561198205694115,Recommended,227000,22225845,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Catsarepointy,Beautiful retro bliss <3
,Recommended,227000,22405160,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Integer Man,Fantastic game with a surprisingly gripping world. A great modern-day point & click adventure with a different setting and interesting characters.
,Recommended,227000,22419144,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Milde,"Another gem in the sea of retro styled games, the soundtrack is great, the characters are great. And among other things it has around 4 endings!"
,Recommended,227000,23180798,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,TazzD220,"Great visuals, music, story and puzzles. I like how you can click on Crispin for helpful hints, because although I love these kind of puzzle games sometimes I do get stuck and have to look it up, which I think feels horrible. The game is tricky, but with a notepad and pen you can figure it out! Overall amazing game."
76561198072027190,Recommended,227000,24084520,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Tino,"Awesome Point&Click Adventure! The atmosphere, characters and the soundtrack, everything works so well together and create a stirring story within a melancholic, decaying, yet somehow fascinating world.The game itself is rather short, but with some quite tricky puzzles and several interesting endings you'll enjoy it long enough. This game is simply addictive."
,Recommended,227000,24106123,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,UpenAtom,"I loved it so much. The puzzles are challenging , the story is intriguing , the characters are great and the environment is wonderful. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,227000,24135528,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Sape,One of the best point and click games out there. Amazing story/writing and atmosphere
,Recommended,227000,24452075,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Offline,"The story told in Primordia is as deep as the story that is untold. This is a sign of very good quality writting and I cannot reccomend enough to give it a try. The voice acting coupled with a few sound effects, and a very good soundtrack helps the story telling a lot.Gameplay wise, there isn't much to say as the point and click adventure game nature kinda limits its possibilities. However, I noticed that some puzzle have several solutions, you can sometime use you sidekick to do things for you or just left click on him for a hint.Loved it !"
76561198083576124,Recommended,227000,25914585,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,GigaFallus9000,a very good and enjoyable game with very challenging yet satisfying puzzles ...... if you keep in mind that:- there is a balkony to the right in engineering- there is an area to right of cars- you need to RIGHT click the tower door (left wont cut it)
,Recommended,227000,25955386,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Fyrscha,"Delightfully interesting game with an intriguing story. I love the art and the retro presentation, I can't say enough good things about this game, and I could play games like this the rest of my life and be happy! A+"
,Recommended,227000,25956166,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,chessman-13,Awesome! 10/10 for me. Definetly worth buying if you aren't afraid of pixels and Point&Click quests. And if you are...why are you even reading this review? :)
,Recommended,227000,25956955,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,unfi_zero,Very nice story :)
,Recommended,227000,25958034,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,LlamaRaptor,"Absolutely fantastic game. Anyone who played Freddy Fish or Pajama Sam as a kid will fall in love with Primordia!Definitely on the short side,  but the puzzles are extremely well done and challenging, yet still fair.10+ possible endings.I hope there is a sequel in the future"
76561198152189027,Recommended,227000,25972771,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,HotRod,A very well made game with a cool story. I liked the retro look and game play as well. Some parts I found to be a bit criptic/unclear but overall it was fun figuring out the assorted puzzles.Was able to buy the game on sale for $2 which sweetened the deal.A good addition to anyone's library
,Recommended,227000,26035414,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Jublik,"yES. Oh, so much yes."
76561198128062270,Recommended,227000,28014978,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Greywolf,ı love this kınd a game such as machinarium or botanicula but this is so different ıa higher being.
76561198027870067,Recommended,227000,28164428,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,captianfisty,Super good game. Very cool story and some dark themes.
,Recommended,227000,28275886,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Lion89_,Fantastic!Great story.You get attatched to the main characters.Characters are interesting.Voice acting is perfect.
76561197961914449,Recommended,227000,28736435,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Quenchiest,"Another quality title from wadjet eye games. This time: a post-apocalyptic wasteland robot adventure where you uncover the origins of yourself, and the apocalypse."
76561198108028866,Recommended,227000,28779813,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Daddy Flynn,"Primordia is a retro-styled point and click adventure game set in a dystopian future in which Man has gone extinct. Only machines remain, struggling to survive in the junk-filled wastelands. The protagonist will have to face many challenges in order to retrieve his source of power, gradually learning about the hidden thruth of his world along the way.The gameplay is very simple, as is every other adventure game: you'll have to explore, find and combine multiple items and use them at the right places to progress. What separates this game from the others is it's theme and its great humor. The last being delivered by a lovable sidekick who also serves the purpose of a hint bot. The puzzles are clever and challenging but not impossibly hard.The story is filled with rich and interesting lore, but is very linear (except at the very end, where you have multiple endings available). Each dialogue feels thought out and unique.The graphics are very reminiscent to those of Fallout 1: pixelated and low-resolution with dark brownish tones, which is tolerable since they seemed to be aiming for the retro theme. The only exception is the handful of brief cutscenes presenting very detailled close-ups of the action, which help with the immersion. The soundtrack is atmospheric and blends well with the setting. The voice acting is truely amazing.There's even some replayability value for those who wish try the commentary mode.So in short;for a 7 hour game with a good storyline and challenging puzzles paired with immersive soundtrack and great voice-acting, the pricetag is well worth the experience."
,Recommended,227000,28811648,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ocey,"Though perhaps not worth full price, this game is a gem that leaves you thinking about it long after it ends. The puzzles, for the most part, aren't too difficult, with a few exceptions that force you to pay very close attention to the lore. the pixel art is gorgoeus, though the map is perhaps a little small. The characters, though, are what make this game special. Much like Portal, these robots draw you in and force emotion upon you. Their witty banter and personalities are just so fresh and engaging. If you're looking for a game with nice graphics, a bit of thinking involved, and an awesome story with emotive characters, pick Primordia up on sale!"
,Recommended,227000,29060006,Posted: 6 January,all,Timberwolf,"What can I say, this is a point and click adventure game.But somewhere along the line, it became so much more.Having finished the game, it felt like saying farewell to an old friend. I loved it that much.I wish I could play it again for the very first time."
76561198007548780,Recommended,227000,29128500,Posted: 8 January,all,SuspiciousDuck,"An absolute gem of a game! As a point and click adventure I had feared this would be a ""Press X to win"" kind of game but boy was I wrong. A thrilling and deep adventure puncuated with tricky puzzles. Well worth a buy, and an absolute steal on sale."
76561198351433507,Recommended,227000,29307975,Posted: 16 January,all,Sionnach,"Primordia was an impulse buy of mine during the Steam winter sale, and I'm very glad I gave it a shot. Primordia is a great visual experience, effectively atmospheric and complex in ways I didn't expect. The puzzles were surprisingly difficult and the choices you make as a player actually have some weight. The plot is rich and unique, but the character composition is what I enjoyed most about this game.The interactions you have with the denizens of Primordia are varied and always well acted and written. The only tiny, tiny exception to this was Crispin's role as a comic relief character at the beginning of the story, but as things progressed it became clear to me that the devs were self aware with their writing and this actually increased my love for him as a character. The only disappointment I felt was when the game ended.If you find yourself even a little bit interested in this game, I highly reccomend that you give it a go. If you find yourself still uninterested by the time you reach Metropol (uh, spoiler I guess?) then it probably isnt for you."
76561198065807260,Recommended,227000,29358058,Posted: 19 January,all,AliMa,"I've become a big fan of this game! It has everything a good point & click game needs: memorable characters, very atmospherically effective pixel-graphics, fitting accompanying sound, challenging (but thanks to your optional helper not too frustrating) puzzles, and in my opinion a great story.10/10"
76561197970685997,Recommended,227000,29528096,Posted: 27 January,all,rufous jayes,"An excellent Point & Click adventure.Positive:+ good story+ nice graphics+ funny characters and dialogs+ multiple endings+ challenging puzzlesNegative:- low resolution, sometimes puzzles are just hard because you missed some object- some really hard puzzles- constant feeling that you missed something due to the parallelity, that puzzles are spread over wide areas and the multiple endings"
76561198071569575,Recommended,227000,29738818,Posted: 6 February,all,mathias.permlid,"I liked it, but was never 100% into it the main character for some reason. A few times the problems were a bit hard for me and the tech items didn't always make sense to me.I really did like it though, even if I might sound negative. I does a whole lot of things right It's thought provoking, witty and the story line is excellent. I'd give it a 7/10"
76561198018929292,Recommended,227000,29755241,Posted: 6 February,all,woodCAT71,"Really Point & Click adventure.Primordia has good story and characters, nice graphics and excellent voice acting, challenging puzzles.Only negative is low resolution, but you get use to it after while.Buy it."
76561198046128011,Recommended,227000,31718207,Posted: 13 May,all,SF_B16B34R,"I have been gaming for many, many years, but one genre that has alluded me (or rather, that I have alluded) is the point and click. I have plenty of fun with games that require twitch-like reflexes, induce high octane action, and have me screaming and yelling at the screen. This game did none of those, but it did something no other games, in my experience, have.It's simply the most thought-provoking game I have ever played.The setting and context is beautiful and philosophic. It's not just creative, however, it's also executed to perfection. The voice acting is also incredible, adding on to an already perfect atmosphere that the art style fits seamlessly with. If the protagonist sounds familiar, that is because he (Logan Cunningham) later went on to other famous games such as Bastion and Transistor. He is not by any means the reason this game is good, but again, is an incredibly important element. All in all, everything works.Whether you're a fan of the genre, or just trying to pick it up, Primordia is a great choice.89/100"
,Recommended,227000,31894825,Posted: 21 May,all,SylverByrd,"Primordia, for what it is, is one of the best games I have ever played and easily found it's way into one of my top ten games. It has a beautiful design and setting with an amazingly written story and characters. It's a classic point and click adventure with puzzles that generally make sense which is much appreciated in this genre and will take you around 5 hours to complete. It's easy to immersive yourself in the wonderful world and characters of Primordia and at only $10 it is definitely worth it to pick up."
76561198314304725,Recommended,227000,33132219,Posted: 2 July,all,simbasnack,"Fantastic game, beutiful art work and story line. Great humor too! Well worth the buy!"
76561198048046175,Recommended,227000,33633635,Posted: 18 July,all,Nymnok,Fun and interesting world. Nice mythology. Movement a little wonky but workable. Gritty but elegant graphics.
76561198107807221,Recommended,227000,33917945,Posted: 30 July,all,DevilsxLuck,Great Game loved it 10/10
,Recommended,227000,34203667,Posted: 12 August,all,smashouille,"Nice point & click game.PROS :- nice story (kind of reminds me The Big Lebowski where the guy don't really care and just want to get back his stuff, except this time he will have the fate of all robots life in his hands).I also like the similarities you will find between the robots world and human's world.Overall it is clever writting.- cool ambiant soundtrack- puzzles are not too hard but not too obvious either.- like the design and the post apocalyptique universe but...CONS :-... I wish graphics could have been just a bit better.- One puzzle got me stuck though (the memorious code at the kiosk), not really obvious solutions on that one.Overall I really enjoyed the game, and I wish the writter will create more games in the futur.worth the price !"
,Recommended,227000,34644847,Posted: 31 August,all,Ulvur,I really like this game. 8/10
76561198042757315,Recommended,227000,8352860,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SamuraiCupcake,"This game is so amazing it actually pains me to delete it from my computer. It was an amazing experience and I URGE any and all of you to try it out. I am thus writing a review to leave my mark.Gameplay : the puzzles are sometimes a bit contrived, but satisfying overall. It's all a matter of investigating the area and DON'T FORGET YOU CAN USE CRISPIN. He's essential to many puzzles and I got stumped because I didn't know I could use him as an item! Otherwise, despite being occasionnaly frustrating, the mechanics are very well implemented and its a joy to interact with the game's world.Graphics : All the graphics in this game are simply GORGEOUS. You can tell the makers put their heart into the art (pun intended), despite there being not all that much since the game is a bit short. But you can tell from the screenshots that this game really shines visually.Audio : The real beauty of this game : the voice-over. The voice actor for Bastion's Narrator is the main character here, and he doesn't disappoint! And neither do the other characters! Each and every robot has a unique personality, and I loved just examining every little detail just for more of the voice talent. There's even a robot that only speaks in rhyming riddles! And the music, simply entrancing. When you play this, be sure to put up the volume!Story : As usual, you are an amnesiac and you live with your faithful companion Crispin. While short, the adventure is really gripping, and charming- despite the post-apocalyptic setting. Similar to Machinarium, the world is only populated by robots, and they live in a big city of lights! There's two main sections to the story : exploring the desert, discovering various different areas, and exploring the city, which sadly wasn't that big. Unlike the desert, which had a map with a few area markers you could jump to, the city was only a few connected screens, which blocked you with puzzles. Despite the city being a bit small and the story short, it ends (according to the good ending) on a good note and offers the possibility of a sequel.At least... I hope...I give this game a 9/10, with frustrating puzzles as the only negative point. Try it out! Don't worry, there's plenty of comic relief thanks to Crispin :)"
76561197969225362,Recommended,227000,8407603,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Drec,Amazing story.Wish there was a part 2 because I didnt want it to end
76561198015616767,Recommended,227000,9266492,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Bingee,"If you like point and click adventures, post-apocalyptic settings, robots, or all of the above, I highly recommend checking out this gem of a game!"
76561198072666262,Recommended,227000,9373348,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Cassassin,"If you want a game that makes you feel completely and utterly alone, this is the game for you. It makes you feel so sad, lost, and empty. It's a great point and click game and everyone should play it."
,Recommended,227000,9435328,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Searu,"My favorite iteration to date of the classic adventure game. The controls are simple and intuitive, the puzzles are logical and never forced, and the characters and story are really well fleshed-out. If you ever played any of the old LucasArts or Sierra point-and-click adventures, give Primordia a try and see what a modern adventure game looks like today."
,Recommended,227000,9690958,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Diocletian,"I came into this game not expecting much. I thought the art style was pretty neat, but as far as the story or gameplay, I really was not hoping for much. However, this game was amazing. Although at first- and even throughout much of the game, as many of the characters are lighthearted- somewhat comedic, the game's oppressive and bleak dystopian atmosphere was surprisingly dark and depressing. The game also did a good job at emotionally connecting you to Horatio and Crispin, which, really surprisingly for me, helped create a really sad feeling later on in the game. Very highly recommended. In fact, it may be one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,227000,9782211,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,ducknuck84,"Very fun adventure game that has a great story and setting, pick it up if you are a fan of old school adventure games."
,Recommended,227000,9935275,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,SavageMind,Very good game. I felt it was too short even with the alternate endings. Engaging story line that leads you to want more. Well I want more!
,Recommended,227000,10309385,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,nebelstreif07,"A point-and-click puzzle game set in a post-apocalyptic dystopian robo-future, this game satisfies many things: it's well-written, well-acted, easy to grasp mechanically, gorgeously drawn, and addictive. Not to mention there are multiple endings, every one of which was incredibly satisfying. It's not long, but it doesn't need to be. I cried twice while playing, which is more than I can say for longer, more popular games with supposedly gripping stories."
,Recommended,227000,10767473,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,|[GB]| Djan,Hard at times. But witty and rewarding. Point & Click/Steampunk fans .. get it!
76561198001690172,Recommended,227000,10900361,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Alcoholic,Must have game ! (warning: Brain usage needed)
76561198037381461,Recommended,227000,10983759,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TheGrayKing,"Amazing Game! Great story, fun and simple point and click interface, pretty decent soundtrack as well. I would love more games like this!"
76561198078845159,Recommended,227000,11101742,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,TheKillerRabbit,"Amazing game ! The atmosphere , characters and the soundtrack , everything works so damn well together , this game is addictive. I can only recommend it. Sure there were slightly annoying parts in the puzzles , but overall I think this game deserves to be played with ."
,Recommended,227000,11397684,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Nemoturtle,"Great little game.  Some easy puzzles, but many that make you think.  Several different ending options (though they don't vary TOO terribly much), decent graphics & decent story and some good humor make this make a lot of fun to play.  It's easy to pick up and easy to get hooked on playing.  This was definitely one of my better P&C purchases :)  If you aren't too concerned with achievements it is likely a quick playthrough, but the achievements make it a bit more fun.  They aren't overly tedious and add some fun and humor to the game.  Well worth the time to get them!"
,Recommended,227000,13439927,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ragaboo,"Music, voice acting, artistic style, and writing were all superb. The puzzles weren't overly easy like some adventure games nowadays, at at least a few were very rewarding to solve. I didn't feel like a single puzzle was ""forced."" A+"
76561197985854665,Recommended,227000,13454208,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kel,"This game will take you by your hand, like a good novel, and will go with you on a rather unique and intriguing journey.My only regret is, that I waited this long to actually buy this game.Once I came to the end of this game, which was very satisfying, I really wanted more. I would hope for a sequel in one way or another."
,Recommended,227000,13656372,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,exoplasm,"The story was awesome! I loved every minute of this game. I feel like it has the right amount of difficulty for an adventure game.The only downside is that it's not too pretty on a 27"" 1440p monitor. It still looked plenty good, though."
76561198060841028,Recommended,227000,13828772,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Wirri,"Nice little game,really like'd mood of this one."
76561197987816557,Recommended,227000,13856917,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Berry[LinuxMint],"Unique setting, beautiful art and music, nice dialog, mostly logical puzzles.Good game."
76561197980730821,Recommended,227000,13860464,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Eternal Champion,"Primordia is the most enjoyable point & click adventure I've played.  Interesting characters, compelling plotline, good voice acting, and wonderful music and art."
76561197971878112,Recommended,227000,16212227,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,BigStrongMike,"Ok so let me start off by saying even at full price this game is worth buying.It's goregous in a rusty-noir (that's mine) kind of way that, I honestly didn't think was possible with this type of rendering. This game has made me an instand wadjet eye fanboy.I experienced absolutely no bugs in my playthrough,I thoroughly enjoyed the voice acting, and the writing is excellent.I was able to play this game with my 3 year old in the room (you don't generally find such a dark story free of offensive language or innapropriate visual content so it's a huge plus for me.)Easily the best point and click game I have ever played (I've been gaming for 27 years now I like to think of myself as a connoisseur).If you like the point and click genre you NEED to play this.If you don't, but like a good story then I'd say you wont be dissapointed.You can read more about the story and setting in other reviews so I wont go into it. I'd just say that it was enthralling start to finish and the puzzles aren't brainwracking but you need to use your head throughout the game."
76561198008668180,Recommended,227000,16610321,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,yuanqufucius,"The game has story richness and suspense oozes out at you at every turn. Every detail beckons you to imagine beyond what is presented on screen, and wonder at the depth of the story and the background. This game needs to be scaled up and expanded to compete against AAA titles."
76561197998136902,Recommended,227000,16733479,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Winzier,Amazing.Fallout+Machinarium+Awesome Companion=Primordia
76561198048370499,Recommended,227000,16832890,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Lazgor,"Interesting story, characters, designs and voice acting."
76561198126903460,Recommended,227000,16897027,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Bisto_03,"A fantastic sci-fi point an click, brilliant Gieger-esque Art Novau style and a sense of humour that worked."
,Recommended,227000,17058373,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,*+*+TheLizardKing+*+*,"I've always been a fan of the adventure games Myst and Riven. My favorite part about these games, as a kid, was that they whisked you away to a completely different, and foreign place. Though many adventure games seek to do this, few fall short, and end up feeling like ""just another point and click"" derived of any rich narrative. Primordia is not one of those games that falls short at all.I should admit before I go any further that I've only played the opening sequence of this game thus far, and am extremely excited to get back to it after this review, but this particular summary will be noting the aesthetic, and initial response of Primordia.I absolutely love post-apocalypse. It's not an uncommon scenario, thankfully, so there's lots of material to dig through on the subject. Unfortunately, there's quite a lot of BAD post-apocalypse games out there, and so with some hesitation, I bought this game, and sat down with some skepticism. For ten bucks, I was hoping it was going to deliver, and the reviews spoke for themselves.Primordia does something a lot of post-apocalyptic stories don't, and removes humans altogether from the character roster. You begin the game as Horatio Nullbuilt (the surname meaning some dude presumeably named 'Null' built him, which is a common theme throughout the game), the 5th version to be precise, and are accompanied by Crispin Horatiobuilt, your custom companion and comic relief. The world around you is an age-old Earth, looking very barren and very post-war. A strange robot cuts down your door one day and steals your power core, without which you can not charge your own batteries (nor Crispin's). Since that simply won't do, you venture out into the world in order to find the strange robot and reclaim your power core.Easier said than done. What follows are scenes common to Adventure/Point+Click games: You meet hosts of interesting robots, travel to new and exciting places, and spend a good deal of time trying to combine every single item in your inventory to see if it does something cool. Excellent (okay... MOSTLY excellent) voice acting, a (so far) riveting and comedic script, beautiful artwork, and intriguing characters make this one of my favorite Adventure games to date, and I've barely even started it.Should you get it? I mean, it's a point and click. You know what you're getting. The deciding factor, in most cases, is the story and artwork, and both deliver wholeheartedly. Even this early, the story is already showing to be incredibly promising, with twists and turns, and dark comedy as only robots can deliver. The script, as mentioned, is really quite good, and I don't find myself simply reading through the subtitles and clicking through in order to progress, but rather relishing the lines and the delivery. The art, while simple and ""retro"" in style, does not detract at all from the story, but actually enhances it with far-off vistas, incredible robot designs, and teeming robot cities, both very alive, and strangely dead.Fans of point and clicks, this is another excellent addition to your collection, reminding me of titles like Deponia, Riven, and (of course) Monkey Island. Fans of sci-fi, post apocalyptic fiction will also love this game. All in all, I think it's one of those rare games on Steam where I feel like I absolutely got what I paid for, and then some.And I haven't even finished it."
76561198066983814,Recommended,227000,17116931,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Uncle Skeet,"A hidden gem on the Steam store, Primordia is a game that is about robots in a world where their creators have long since been gone. You are a robot named Horatio Nullbuilt with his best friend Crispin Harotiobuilt, and you two are living in a wasteland. This game is great at charather development and world building.Man is a god among robots and some say Man never existed. Some robots are barely surviving in the dying world they find themselves in. Others live together in Metro city, a strange place that seems like the last civil place on earth. When Horatio and Crispin's power core (the thing that keeps them alive and running) is stolen, they must embark on a journey using only stuff they can salvage in classic point and click style to find whats rightfully theirs. The gameplay is simple, but like most point and clicks it's about the world and the story is tells. And it tells a good story. Without wanting to spoil anything, trust me and get this."
76561198163931454,Recommended,227000,17408397,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Dunlaply,"Beautiful. Just, beautiful. Every part of this game is well thought out and well made. This is the first game to ever bring me to tears when playing it. I would reccomend this game for the aesthetics and visuals alone."
76561198136843720,Recommended,227000,18309342,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,HairyPiotter,"The moment when you get to the bus-stop robot and hear the somber ""I am waiting"" with Blade Runneresque music in the background is priceless. It is a rarity among video games to have such an integral world with its lore and still be digestible. To be placed in a dark bleak world, yet to have a lot to interact with. This game is a must for all who enjoy dark sceneries and deeper philosophical themes."
76561198006714488,Recommended,227000,18403715,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,whitefire351,one of the best point and click games i have ever played
76561198214883224,Recommended,227000,18556491,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Opassum,"Challenging puzzles with a gripping story, go play it now if you like point and click adventures!"
76561198072336177,Recommended,227000,19064127,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,BLVCK MASSK,"Do you like good stories? Do you like nice voice acting? Do you like some ♥♥♥♥ing awesome artwork and scenarios and ambience and whatnot? Do you like beautiful soundtracks? Do you like that kind of game where you start out laughing and having a good time and ends up becoming a crying confused mess at the end, but you still want more, so you keep asking yourself ""why the hell it took me so long to start playing this game""? Then go ahead and play it. Just do it."
,Recommended,227000,19119008,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Little Plague Tree,The only thing I hate about this game is that I didn't know about it sooner.
76561198169393936,Recommended,227000,19873099,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Herko Kerghans,"""Primordia"" (Adventure/Point & Click) (*Spoiler-free*)HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.Beautiful (if grim) setting and atmosphere. Excellent dialogs.The puzzles are quite intuitive (after thinking for a bit! =), at least some of them have multiple solutions (I finished the game without solving every puzzle), and the game has a very robust hint system which is nicely integrated into the narrative.I enjoyed the retro/pixelated visual style, but since mileage varies greatly do check screenshots and videos and see for yourself.Maybe a tad short, as adventure games tend to be (about 5-8 hours in this case) but you can save the game at any point (and you have as many save slots as you want), which encourages exploring alternative solutions & dialog choices.***In detail (*Spoiler-free*)Personally, I play adventure games mostly for the story, setting, and characters, with a bit of puzzle-solving to spice the mix. As noted above, in this genre I don't care much for AAA high-end graphics as long as what's on the screen is clear.""Primordia"" delivers on all counts:> The setting is amazing: robots in a post-apocalyptic, nearly Mad-Maxian world (minus the cars), with an orwellian Big Brother on top. Although, to make it better, the mood is nostalgic and bittersweet rather than oppressive.> The plot is itself quite good.> I found most characters to be very well crafted. The protagonist's companion deserves a mention of his own: not only he fulfills his Sassy Sidekick role and provides the humor this otherwise grim tale needs, he's also part of a very comprehensive hint system (and seamlessly integrated into the narrative)> The puzzles themselves are quite intuitive, and the few that may be too obscure are enlightened by the hint system. Several puzzles have multiple solutions, too (I finished the game without solving every puzzle), and at least a few of them affect the endings of the story.""Primordia"" (as other adventure games) may feel a bit too short when comparing the playtime/cost ratio with other genres, but IMHO it's the price of well crafted plot & characters... and, perhaps more important, of setting and themes you keep thinking about even after finishing the game.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
76561198027611814,Recommended,227000,20110991,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Juan,"Primordia is an intriguing story about a robot pushed by fate to find about his past.Excellent pixel art, immersive soundtrack and great dialogue lines.Puzzles are complicated but solvable.10/10."
,Recommended,227000,20120172,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jack Mi Hoff,"This game has robots, a good story, Great characters, evil characters and its a point and click game... i recommend you get this game... right now... go click the green button and put it in your cart and then hit the next green button that says... why am i explaining this?"
,Recommended,227000,20131794,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,potatohater,"Very close to Beneath  Steel Sky in types of puzzles and mood. Very well done puzzle or two, lots of forks, well designed navigation, tons of voice over. Good job devs!"
76561198144593917,Recommended,227000,20914220,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,mikesanerd,"I thought Primordia was a very good game, and I would recommend it both in terms of mechanics and story. I am a big fan of the Blackwell games, and this game has many of the same strengths.Pros:+ Excellent story. There's legitimately a lot to think about in this game, including political, religious, and social commentary. The game is set in a world where humans are extinct and only robots are left. We see how the society they create is a very clever mirror of our own, with plenty of parody of our own flaws along the way.+ The point and click puzzles are solid. They are somewhat difficult, but solvable without having to consult a walkthrough because the solutions make sense once you get them. To me, this is one of the most important things about gameplay in a point and click. You have to use your brain to solve the puzzles.+ If you do start struggling, you can get hints by talking to people (especially your sidekick Crispin), which again means you don't need to consult the internet to get a nudge in the right direction. Normally, he will give you a clue about which area you should be searching, or which object you should be fiddling with.+ The art and aesthetics in the game are good. The characters are interesting-looking, and the world is very neat.+ The game is paced well. It does a nice job of moving you from place to place, advancing the story and revealing the mysteries by steps.Cons:- Hard to think of any. I suppose the UI can be a bit clunky until you get used to it, especially how you access your inventory."
76561198066892868,Recommended,227000,20977638,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,il_cativo,"I love this game.* Engrossing story* Unique art style, kind of like an art nouveau version of Blade Runner* Music that totally fits the general aesthetic of the game* Challenging puzzles* Great voice actingIt's the sort of game that really sticks with you long after you've played through it. If you're a fan of Wadjet Eye or just point and click games in general, definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,227000,20989570,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,YoBeWan,Excellet game that keeps you wanting more.
,Recommended,227000,21701327,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,blondebellend,Fanastic story with multiple endings.
76561198004652659,Recommended,227000,22144979,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lukaskran,"Great, great point & click. Excellent dialogues, music, atmosphere in general. More possibilities & intrigues than pixels. But hey, isn't that what really matters when you want to remember a game?"
,Recommended,227000,23808087,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dizzy Media Inc,"Primordia is by far one of the best point and click games I have ever played, I continue to play the game over and over again so I can re-experience all this world has to offer. While playing I envision what it would be like if the game had been expanded on, what the robot city would be like, what puzzles you would have had to solve, would you have ever made it back to the tower? I dream and wonder but for now, I enjoy the game <3Robots, dunes, exploration, mystery..... yea you need to play this."
76561198060120425,Recommended,227000,23984205,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,thisisfish_,"A wonderfully addictive little game with enjoyable puzzles, voice acting and nostalgia-inducing graphics. My only complaint - and its a small one - the inability to pause 'cut scenes'."
,Recommended,227000,24583819,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Avalla,"Great little point and click with interesting setting, charachters, and story. The art style is fantastic, and the puzzles were just hard enough for me. Multiple endings and fun acheivements merit a seccond playthrough."
76561198035245709,Recommended,227000,24604555,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Motig,"Ok I just finished this and first: this game was horribly crashing until I recently updated it, though unfortunately, I was already at the end of the game.The story is kind of...sad. Beautiful. The puzzles interesting and fun. I liked Technobabylon more though. Those ♥♥♥♥ing crashes ruined it for me to an extent...The end was just...hm. I miss the feeling of a final closure to the beautiful story. I revolted against MetroMind to the very end but the story ending was like....like the authors wished to finish the game early and stopped caring about the script.I sensed considerable laziness from the developers in the game, here and there, mainly in the story development. Not in the puzzles though, some of them were sure tough to solve - the kiosk was the worst hurdle and figuring out some codes literally hurt my head.Also, the puzzle where you need to answer two robots in answering three questions is broken...in the second question only though. You are asked which of selected statements MUST be true but all of the statements DO NOT NEED TO BE true so I had to find the answer online.Also, I'm not a good puzzle solver.All in all...this game DEFINITELY needs more story into it. And the story parts of ""Humans destroyed themselves""? Cmon...that's lame. Human destroyed themselves / robots destroyed humans / wars between robots and humans....it's just not original. I mean: the Gospel of man, that is so beautifully written, I swear I read it many times. That is poetic. That was ART!! So was the philosophical laments of the MEMORIUS in the Kiosk. And Crispin! The Dunes! The Goliath!! All beautiful and very original, at least to me.Honestly, reading the gospel of man at the start of the game hyped me incredibly. I expected that the game was going to be preseting very hard, unsettling, maybe existential questions in its story. Conflict of religious beliefs among postapocalyptic robots? With philosophical insights and two-sided arguments I can relate to?I dig that.After reading the gospel of man at the start of the game, I realized that not only the author means the story, he is actually capable of meaning it! But...the story does not really go fully in this direction and remains a ""beautiful adventure game"" with a great story plot. At the start, I thought ""this is going to be a masterpiece"" but it was not. To be a masterpiece, it needs even more human soul given to it."
,Recommended,227000,25872437,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Shadowfury,Possibly the best Wadjet Eye Games adventure. It even includes multiple endings.
76561198034086983,Recommended,227000,25912626,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,kidofdoom0,Fantastic
,Recommended,227000,26016081,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,senrihin,Nice puzzles and an amazing story with lovable characters.I game I played in one sitting because it kept me engaged all the time.
,Recommended,227000,26381768,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,CURRENT YEAR,"Pretty hard to fault, if I'm honest. The writing is good. The voice acting is good. The art is good (if a bit brown). The puzzles never felt too tedious. Primordia is definitely worth picking up."
76561197992551560,Recommended,227000,26598197,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Cthulhumon,"26/12/16: EDIT - I've honestly been feeling a bit differently about this game recently - And I've come to actually feel like I can recommend this game.  Namely due to elements (like Crispin) helping you piece together the puzzles and story.OLD REVIEWAll my problems with the game are equally balanced with the things I liked.I can't recommend it, because I just didn't like more.Credit where credit is due, the 'witty sidekick' is actually funny, and that can be really hard to do.  He is surprisingly not annoying.However, in a post-human, desolate wasteland planet earth.... how did they get so many planks of wood?  How have they not all rotted and decomposed away?"
,Recommended,227000,26854224,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bica,A beautifull pixeled adventure with a rather interesting story and an unsually straightforward point and click system
,Recommended,227000,27106335,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Crecraft,"Primordia is an excellent game. Very reminiscent of the old point & click adventure games you played as a kid. So, if you're looking for a game that makes you feel like a kid again, you've found it."
76561198117895890,Recommended,227000,27343101,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ashen Phoenix,"Are you the sort of person who loves a good point and click, cyberpunk game where robots disscuss complicated politics, metaphysics, theology, Shakespeare and witty banter, all while wandering around a eerie dying earth setting where you try and make sense of a world populated by corrupt, demented machines? Well... you are a person with oddly specific tastes... and your day has come!"
,Recommended,227000,27979959,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,拳JoJo's Bizarre Aim,Incredible good story. Funny dialogs. New and refreshing riddles.10/10 would play again.
76561198063240948,Recommended,227000,28104557,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ada528,"Worth every penny. The game is just amazing, the voice acting, funny and smart dialogs, characters which will stay with you after you will finish, and world which is just mesmerizing. I just genuinly would love to see with my own eyes Metropolis and Dunes, and especially Goliath.And the art. The pixel art in this game just reminds me of Beksinsky work. It's beautiful, dark, full of gorgeous details. This game, for me at least, doesn't have any weak sides. The story is dark, and really gives lots of to think about. It's just a great game and everybody should give a try."
76561197985172866,Recommended,227000,28179472,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Deke Zander,"This game is an absolutely amazing experience for anyone who enjoys point and click adventures. It has compelling characters, puzzles that make sense (and are rarely frustrating), multiple endings...just get this game. Half price, full price, quarter price, whatever--it's worth every penny."
76561198022923849,Recommended,227000,28233356,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,sagemakaiser,"What happens when robots rule the world? Primordia answers that question. After an apocolyptic war, the only thing left is desert, bots, and scrap. Take control of an andriod who seems to have some kind of past with the, city of glass. Help him and his assistant. AKA the floating bomb unravel mysteries, and build a new future. All while dealing with the many inhabitants. The machines!"
76561198038962972,Recommended,227000,28258075,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,gnomic,"Great art and music, good story and backstory. good voice acting. nice puzzles too.finished this game and already missing it. wish there was a second one."
76561197972624697,Recommended,227000,28617783,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Xarlax,"A brilliant point & click adventure game. Engaging story, great voice acting, interesting characters, and a perfect balance of difficulty with the puzzles.Many memorable characters from this game, and the writing at critical points is top notch. The antagonist and the setting are very well done.The palette is pretty much brown, blue, and grey. Perhaps more color would have been nice, but I really can't criticize when the artwork is so beautiful. The graphics are otherwise retro-style and very well done.If you are a fan of classic adventure games, I can't recommend this enough. I love this game."
76561197961259997,Recommended,227000,28846074,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Beast Machine,"A highly polished, fully voiced retro adventure game with an engaging post apoctalyptic sci-fi story. Lasts about 6-8 hours depending on how long it takes you to figure out the puzzles. There is a small amount of replayability via optional achievements as well as a specific set of hidden objectives you must complete in order to get the best ending. Support the devs and buy it!"
,Recommended,227000,28869767,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Eletronick,"Loved it. The story is well written and puzzles are really clever.The only flaw is that i cant get the ""I KNOW IT ALL"" achievement9/10"
76561198033285455,Recommended,227000,28880078,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,briantolliver70,"HOLY COW!!! Through out the game I kept remembering how it felt to play Riven and Myst. It has been MANY years since then and for a modern game to take me back to my childhood like that is one of MY first signs of a great game. The puzzles, the dialog, the art, the interface, and the music... I could not have asked for better. Definatlly on my top 5 BEST puzzle games of all time. I actually care about what happens to each character. Try you hardest to solve the puzzles on your own, they are VERY rewarding. Also take care there are more than just a couple endings."
76561198085453399,Recommended,227000,28946948,Posted: 2 January,all,Diana TWP,"Absolutely loved it. A bit short and the ending seems a bit botched, but I totally loved the retro graphics & gameplay (so many good memories..!) and the puzzles. I definitely enjoyed playing it and I recommend it to everyone who is looking for a few hours of moderately challenging fun."
76561197970719052,Recommended,227000,28964210,Posted: 2 January,all,CHayNZ,"TL;DR:It's a PCA (Point and Click Adventure). No actual puzzles, just good old-school inventory combining and environment clicking!Graphics:     8/10 (Sub-HD resolution. All the scenes, characters and animations are VERY well drawn/animated.)Sound:       10/10 (Fully voiced, fully music'd, and it's all high-quality. Doesn't get better!)Interface:     9/10 (Art'ed menus that fit the game; intuitive and minimalistic.)Story:           8/10 (Engaging, entertaining, fascinating and everything is tied together. Nice!)Characters:  9/10 (Horatio reminds me of Ben from Full Throttle. Crispin is quite entertaining, deep ""B"" listers, too!)Toughness:  5/10 (Security through Obscurity. Score with autohints off. Discworld = 10/10, for reference).Length:        7/10 (Took me 12h to beat without hints. I liked it and didn't want it to end!)Overall:        9/10 (Great fun if you like PCAs, post-apocalyptic themes, robots, and a funsidekick!)Thanks for a rather great PCA! I'd really like to see a HD version sometime, but it's still totally worth it!"
76561198117485389,Recommended,227000,28967326,Posted: 2 January,all,Lala,"Primordia has an expansive world, engrossing story, and characters that are endearing. Although the game is short, (about 4-6 hours), I enjoyed the heck out of it. The puzzle solving scratches the same itches as ""Grim Fandango"", while the atmosphere is reminiscent of ""Fallout"". I want more."
,Recommended,227000,28997808,Posted: 3 January,all,ShaunzyBombzy,"This was an impulse buy while it was on the Steam winter sale, and it was one of the best impulse buys I've ever done.There is something truly unique and amazing about this game, and if you're reading this and wondering whether or not you should buy it, let me give you the rundown.Excellent:-The story is compelling, and populated with incredibly unique characters. One of my favorites is a fairly minor character that speaks in a religious cadence, and it's just such a cool little scene, it really stuck with me.-The characters are diverse and incredibly easy to become attached to. They are so well written, that you could name a character from hearing just a TINY snippet of their dialogue.-There are some truly genius puzzles here that absolutely blew me away.-The art is pretty breathtaking. The whole game feels alien and strange, but a familiar shadow seems to hang over it. It's just ♥♥♥♥ing great.Meh:-The voice acting for both Horatio and Crispin, the two main characters, is a little...off. Horatio I kind of got used to, and his monotone drone ended up being more part of his personality than anything, but Crispin has some pretty well-written lines that are delivered pretty awkwardly, and I found him pulling me back out of the game a little bit every so often. That being said, Crispin is delightful, if a tad annoying.-Some of the puzzles are absolutely rediculous, with some of them being outright pixelhunting. With as intelligent as the rest of the game is, it makes these puzzles even HARDER, because you expect the answer to make more sense. For instance (No spoilers here, don't worry.)There is a part of the game where your path is impeded, and the answer is the first thing that comes to your mind: ""Crispin should just move that."" And that is, indeed, the answer to that quandry.There's a part where you need to find an item, but you aren't told where it can be found or where to start. Had to resort to a walkthrough on this one, because the answer lay in a very cluttered, dark area of the screen. You never think ""This game will resort to pixel hunting"", because the rest of the game is just...too well thought out.So most of my complaints are ""Come on, Primordia, you're BETTER than this!"", which should absolutely tell you something. How this isn't a HUGELY known game is beyond me.In conclusion: Buy it, you son of a ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198117530781,Recommended,227000,29023876,Posted: 4 January,all,Iomiere,Primordia is a game of sheer excellence. I loved every minute I spent on this game. It is beautiful. The story and the art is amazing.  I only wish it were longer and had a sequel. There are so many different endings. The puzzles are quite interesting and require a very logical mindset when solving them. I love this game.
76561198002643036,Recommended,227000,29347288,Posted: 18 January,all,4saken,"Takes me back to the old days of the point and click adventures for DOS. Great atmosphere, driving story, and lovely pixelated graphics. Tons of time frustrated in how do i solve this puzzle, and what do i do with this ****ing item? Had to break out my pencil and paper to make it through this, haen thad to do taht since MYST on my dad,s win95 NEC laptop. It does have a note style system in game that will help, but somethings are better left to nostalgia. I digress...NOTE: Disable steam overlay! it is documented in community, look for my question if you want to know more.Get this game if- you like solving puzzles (Not Tetris)- Thinking (almost over thinking..?)- Sarcastic, whitty humor (Yeah, I don't really have to tell you more... Do I?)- robotic steampunk hybrid style (Gottta love them hybrids)- emersive story telling (they still didn't tell me a bed time story!)- dragging and clicking the mouse cursor over ever pixel on the screen (It is fun.... . . .  .   .   .    !)- Multiple endings (You don't really HAVE to save the world!}avoid this game if-  you cant think longer than 5,000,000 microseconds (go play tetris, wait you couldn't make it through that either...)- cant stand to see pixels (Under 12 years old?)- dragging and clicking the mouse cursor over ever pixel on the screen (Is it fun.... . . .  .   .   .    ?)- Hate story driven game play (Go do something in *Cough*craft)- you dont have the money for it currently (Add it to your wish list!)"
,Recommended,227000,29700336,Posted: 4 February,all,Titanic21,"Annotation:After having a comprehensive conversation with the developer (which can be found underneath) I decided to change my review entirely. In case you are interested in why this is important to be mentioned, you can find the original review below. But first for the important point:This game has the nicest developer I have ever heard of, in my entire life. Although I couldn't enjoy this awesome game as much as I should have, he was friendly and really supportive. This review was intended to be a negative one, but after I was responded it's really not fair to give him a negativ rating. So yes, this is basically a review for the developer, not for Primordia, but I just have to point that out. If you don't believe me, check the other reviews. He literally responded to every single one, even after more than four years of service. (Go check him out)However, so far for this review, every single line under here is what matters according to my view on the game. Thanks for reading until here.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorYou may hate me for this review, just as a warning.I know that the pixelart style was created on purpose, but a game doesn´t get good by looking like it´s retro or whatever they meant to. I don´t mean that it´s a bad game, please no, Primordia has a rich story, good gameplay and awesome sound design. But also... bad graphics. I am conscious about this game was intended to look like this and I don´t want to say that Primordia requires cinematic graphics. Point and Click games usually don´t look astonishing, that´s not important for the genre. But in this case it´s a little worse. I am almost sorry that I have to complain about this game, which is nice in all other aspects, but the graphics are what makes Primordia really less enjoyable. Eventually it´s NOT helpful for solving puzzles when all objects look the same and you have to find them by slowly moving your cursor all over the screen, as if this was a hidden-object-game. It´s hard to even recognize the textures and by looking closer you´ll get more confused than you already are. I bought this because I like point ´n click games a lot, and I have to admit that Primordia looked a lot better in the trailer. I wish the developers would have designed this more like Daedalic would have done, instead of Lucas Arts´ way, so that I could enjoy the game. The harder I try, the more I see how pointless it is. Playing such an awesome game is exhausting if you can´t clearly detect important elements.To not repeat me I will close this review now, if you read closely you should already have understood what I was saying. I  do seriously hope that you´ll have different experiences while playing Primordia."
,Recommended,227000,30739940,Posted: 25 March,all,demerzel0,Excellent Writing !
76561198131379643,Recommended,227000,31255429,Posted: 20 April,all,frenchfrog,"Nice little post apo adventure game. Nice story, gameplay is 'classic'. Graphics and environment are nice but a little too low res to my taste. It is not pixel art to me, but rather low res. Not too long. Some difficulty (luckily there are wallthroughs). Overall a nice experience if not thrilling."
,Recommended,227000,31712087,Posted: 12 May,all,DatArsenalFan,"Another Wadget-Eye publications game based on pixel game engine. If you don't like pixel graphics, this might not be for you. However I felt Primordia has better pixel usage than other games. You don't need glasses to find the on-screen hotspots. It has bigger pixel region to select the item in game world.The story is little bit meh. It's a far future world where human doesn't exist anymore. After creating AI, they are gone. Now AI robots are living in this world, salvaging parts and creating new robots and process goes on. This game is a journey of an ancient robot, made by human and its sidekick, made by AI robot.The game doesn't tell why and how human were destroyed (or maybe left the world). There are few petty humor by sidekick which doesn't even matter.Get this game if you're wadget eye game fan, pixel adventure / point n click fan.On a rating scale:6 / 10."
76561198219017435,Recommended,227000,31755084,Posted: 14 May,all,ShadowlostArts,"Primordia is the type of game that is missing in the games industry now ""Point & Click Adventure Games,"" but I am glad thanks to indie studios like Wedjet Eye Games who know us older gamers from the 80's, 90's and newer gamers still love these kind of games.Primordia is set in a post-apocalyptic environment with robotic machines,  you play as Horatio Nullbuilt, a stoic robot who values his solitude and independence. Although due to unforeseen events he has to go to the robot city Metropol, from this adventure he will find out about his own existence, what happened to the human race and the choices he needs to make.A must own for anyone who love's Point & Click Adventure Games or for gamers who want something different from the mainstream marketplace.A MUST OWN!P.S: It turns up on steam sales quite allot so you can get an excellent game for quite a cheap price."
76561198045320985,Recommended,227000,32516231,Posted: 17 June,all,publicClassMary,Classic style point & click game. I absolutely loved the characters and story. Felt compelled to play it a second time with a walkthrough to get a particular ending.
76561198360341913,Recommended,227000,32924646,Posted: 28 June,all,kayjanaak,"Really loved the game's design and creativity, probably the best point and click adventure game I've played for a while. Characters were really likeable and found it really awesome that it has a commentary function to learn more about the game from the creators while you're playing it too."
,Recommended,227000,32966239,Posted: 28 June,all,Veliante,Beautiful and challenging. Post apocalyptic short (10 -12 hours) point and click game. The puzzles are fun and should have the 'choices matter' tag in my opinion because they REALLY do.My only complain is about the 'Know it all' archievement that won't get unlocked no matter what I do.
76561198075311228,Recommended,227000,32980962,Posted: 29 June,all,NinaWindia,"I didn't know what to expect of this, but I'm so glad I gave it a try. Great riddles (Even if sometimes too hard), great voice acting and great great story. If you like point & click game, then this is a must get for your collection!"
76561198042234160,Recommended,227000,33020197,Posted: 29 June,all,QuadRaptor,"This was a really interesting game, though it took me four playthroughs to get every achievement since the last two were tedious.  But it is a very well thought out game, and I do recommend adding it to your library."
,Recommended,227000,33166411,Posted: 2 July,all,Skytzo_Marc,"Love the art the style.  Story was very engaging and full of some great ideas.  Definitely recommended for those who like point and click adventure games.Be forewarned - a handful of this game's puzzles are pretty hard.  Even if I had a lot of time (I don't), I'm not sure I'd have been able to solve all of them on my own.  Ended up having to use a walkthrough."
,Recommended,227000,33925898,Posted: 31 July,all,DeKKeR,"The post-apocalyptic world presented in this game has a bit of a fresh vibe which is strongly appealing to me. Story is interesting enough and puzzles are very logical with few exceptions - those tougher ones require player to pay close attention to context of conversations which got me stuck few times. I love the sound design and music, the (not so many but still) fun references to post-apocalyptic games and you can love or hate the Wadjet Eye simplistic graphics - I find it nostalic. Definetly the best game from Wadjet Eye I've played so far."
,Recommended,227000,34718721,Posted: 3 September,all,Katey,"THE best point and click adventure game I have played yet. I loved the music, voice acting and story. Don't let the brown screenshots put you off, this game is way more interesting and fun then it appears!- Great main characters (particularly love the sidekick crispin's voice acting)- Really fun puzzles that were logical- Didn't get stuck on a puzzle for longer than 10 minutes- Yet, didn't feel too easy either!The story is really thought provoking and the dialogues are really engaing and fun to read, I immediately felt imersed and just really enjoyed every second of the game.Wish there was a sequel!NOTES:- Make sure to check out the .exe in the installation folder to get the game somewhat easier to see and play on a typical 1080 screen (look in the steam forum discussions for further help)- The steam overlay can bug out the dialogie, simply save and reload the game to fix"
,Recommended,227000,35056072,Posted: 18 September,all,raubtieraugen,"Lovely drawn and animated post-apocalyptic adventure in the style of the early 90s point & click games. Immersive story, snarky, well-written dialogues - and puzzles that are usually quite plausible (nothing outlandlishly absurd).Sadly the graphics-resolution isn't great and the game is rather short, but these are the only points of criticism really. All in all the game is quite outstanding and an example of good storytelling and game-design. Definitely worth getting it if you like adventure games."
76561198261895606,Recommended,227000,35199022,Posted: 25 September,all,Helios,"Primordia has an awesome atmosphere that drags you into its apocalyptic world and holds you there. The puzzles are fair, story is deep and gameplay is long enough. Characters make you both smile and or leave with a bitter feeling. There are many endings to the story all of which surely leave you with a feeling that will last for some time. I guess that's what I liked the most about the game. I love the games that still make you think about itself after you're done with it. Primordia has become my favorite point-click adventure game. It is a hidden gem among its counterparts out there. Buy it."
76561197995810377,Recommended,227000,10203244,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Cloneofyou32,"To say it in a few short words: Entertaining, challenging, short. I found the world and the wealth of information floating within it to be quite stimulating. You could tell the write really knows the world inside and out in ways that are only scratched at in the game. A few spots did require me to look at a walkthrough, but only one had a completely out there solution that I never would have seen on my own. Most of the time I had just missed simple things.My one major complaint is just how short the game is. I finished it in only a couple of hours, though admittedly I missed a single side quest. I just really wish there was more to it. It feels like there was supposed to be, but things got lopped off. Oh well. For the price I paid I was happy, but don't spend over ten bucks on the thing."
76561198101060074,Recommended,227000,10234089,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,tsevech,"Great game! The graphic is old-style, but beautiful, and the plot is engaging. All the puzzles in the game are logical, funny and never frustrating. I definitely want to play it again at some point in time, to watch the alternative endings."
76561198056294387,Recommended,227000,10626313,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Guts,"This was my first point and click game, and really it made me like the genre.The story is very interesting from start to finish.  You play as Horatio Nullbuilt version 5.  A robot sort of obsessed with fixing things, building things and correcting problems.  He lives aboard his ship with his creation Crispin Horatiobuilt version 1.  They live in the middle of a wasteland aboard the UNNIIC, a crashed ship with a long lasting power source.  That and the nearby scrap gives them all they need to survive.  A problem arises when that power source is stolen from them though and they have to find a way to get it back before they run out of juice and are shut down forever.The story just gets more interesting from there as you meet more and more interesting, very well written I should add, characters and solve some very interesting puzzles and problems.None of the puzzles are overly difficult, with each having a sensible solution.  Nothing like I had always heard point and click games can be, with solutions that are so removed from reality you pretty much have to have a walkthrough to beat it unless you are supremely patient.the fact that there is several endings as well as a way to alter the best ending slightly by how you play is quite wonderful.All told the game shouldnt take you very long.   4-5 hours give or take allowing for some time to get stuck on what to do next I think.  Shorter if you are really fast, with some replayability in terms of endings and getting the achievements.If you like well written stories give it a go.Personally this rates very high with me and I look forward to whatever this dev puts out in future.Well worth full price in my opinion."
,Recommended,227000,5975170,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Artilies,"One of the best point and click adventure games I have played!An amazing immersive story with unforgetable characters, beautiful art, a great soundtrack, and good puzzlesI cannot recommend this game enough if your into the genre it is well worth giving this game a playthrough.Updated, Nominated for ""This game was cool before it got an award!"""
76561197979450553,Recommended,227000,7918756,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,speedstic,"Have been really challenge. It has its share of cryptic moment but then again, its a point  click what do you expect. I highly recommend this for its deep background, profound dialogue and immersive music. On of the best game i played this year and it introduce me to Wadjet eye game, which is worthing more then the 5$ bucks i paid"
,Recommended,227000,8541481,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Realmad,Fascinating setting and story. Characters are also well voice-acted and don't feel totally one-dimensional.Definitely worth picking up and playing through if not just for the setting and atmosphere of the game.
76561198088871730,Recommended,227000,9152487,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Echow,Really awesome story. I am not a big fan of point and click and this really kept my interest. Puzzles were challenging and characters were well developed. Thanks for making it!
76561198079134182,Recommended,227000,9803066,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,GitSquisha,"I enjoyed the experience of this game. While the puzzles weren't exceptionally difficult (I guess I followed the logic of the developers well enough), but the climate and setting were exceptionally immersive for me. I advise playing it. However, expect to play it only once - twice at most."
76561198003420249,Recommended,227000,9877679,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Handy,"A very strong adventure game in the mold of Day of the Tentacle or King's Quest. One of its features, missing from many other games of this genre, is a subtle hint mechanism to help when you are completely stuck. In the old days, this kind of ""stuckness"" was a death knell for a game that none of your friends had already beaten. Today, there's a different kind of problem, because you go all too easily to the internet to look up the answer. You do it begrudgingly, the first time, easier the second, and on the third time, you accidentally see how it ends.But back to the game in specific: a nice balance of humor and seriousness. I dig the universe the story is set in, which brings some pretty serious gravity to the plot, but you have a zany sidekick who really does actually grow on you. The writers did a great job making you care about the characters... who are robots... Addtionally, in stark contrast to many of the ""Press a button to select your ending"" problems some games have presented us with recently, there are something like ten seperate endings which are... all pretty different.  All in all, bravo, very fun game."
,Recommended,227000,12121864,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Valoraegn,"Amazing game. I had to look up a lot for walkthroughs (because of limited information presented in the game), but still. Awesome. Great visuals, cool storyline, nice dialog and a snarky lamp that follows you around."
76561198010212548,Recommended,227000,12216423,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Kaplan,Yes! I haven't played all the games published from Wadjet Eye Games but I would recommend this and also Resonance.
,Recommended,227000,13190405,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,theNoize,the Art alone makes it worth it!
,Recommended,227000,13193236,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Dudeman2133,"It is an excellent point and click adventure. It is a little short (taking me only 4 hours) ,and it would fast forward through text randomly if I didn't switch the text and voice option. However, For the price it's at it is well worth it in my opinion. It had great puzzles that really made me think in order to figure them out. In the end I would give this game a 8/10."
76561197992467016,Recommended,227000,13891049,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,KungenTanksAll,It's rare to see dystopia being done this well. Glory to the All-Builder.
76561198006944655,Recommended,227000,16232484,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,arty12345,Great puzzler with loveable characters. If you like machinarium and similar games this ones right up your alley!
,Recommended,227000,16460035,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Cat Smooches,"I LOVE post-apocalyptic dystopian stories like this!  The puzzles were challenging but fun, the dialogue was great (I never got tired of Crispin's quips), and the art was so cool!  I loved the style so much, it really suited the theme of the narrative perfectly.  I'm really glad I played this!"
,Recommended,227000,19476525,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,straya,"Okay so, I honestly despise point and click games and really, any game that isn't 3D and or, open world. But I must say, Primordia is truly an amazing game. The atmosphere, colour choices, soundtracks, art-style and location/character design all fit flawlessly together, the whole game in general is simply perfect. And another thing, I actually didn't come across one single bug or glitch.This game is beautiful, flawless, atmospheric and well ♥♥♥♥ing worth the $10 out of your bank.Give. The. Developers. Your. ♥♥♥♥ing. Money. NOW."
,Recommended,227000,19700618,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,HyakuRaven,"I have not played a point and click adventure game in a long time.Maybe since I was seven or ten either way I was really young.And being much older I looked down on this games and never give them a chance.But man do I feel stupid after playing this wonderful game.Not only is this a great game for many reason's but its done more then just play and run wonderfully.Its opened my eyes to what amazing storys and places are in all types of games not just your AAA titles.This game is why I love steam their's something for almost everone to enjoy and being someone whos super into mecha,robots, mechanical design, pixal art, and post apocalyptic setting this game hit all the right buttons.But for the game itself I will keep this simple.Its got amazing characters.Great voice acting.Amazing art and styling.Super interesting story and lore I can't get enough of.Gamplay is fun and inventive.And the sound design and soundtrack is just prefect.I really want to thank the people at Wormwood Studios and everyone who took the time, And effort to make this game.Thank you so much for making this game its an amazing title and made me open my eyes more to other cool and interesting games and made me love the imagintion of this wonderful industry even more so thank you.10/10 easily makes my top ten games I have ever played."
,Recommended,227000,20527236,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,KingCrizzo,"Great art style and atmosphere. Superb voice acting with a nice helping of humor from your sidekick. The story and lore of the world really draws you in. The puzzles are somewhat challenging, but for the most part can be figured out with trial and error. I did look up how to do a few things because I was impatient."
76561198043476816,Recommended,227000,20647981,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Xeno13,Good old point and click take a trip down memory lane and embrace its wondersgreat story puzzles two thumbs up!
76561198023279737,Recommended,227000,20944890,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Drountian,"First things first: I have only played one ending to this game, I am led to believe there are many.Despite the above I feel I am qualified to give a review of a large portion of the content, since the core backstory is static.This game is wonderful. It happens to be my favorite game in the world, but that is a subjective assessment and I intend for this to be an objective review so I will explain WHY my opinon has formed the way it has.First: the world is unique.  The spectacularly different setting in which the protagonist finds himself is interesting and deeply realized. I found that as I played this game I wanted to learn more and more about the backstory, the reason things were the way they were. It is likely that not everyone will have this response but I found that the somehow quite human cyberpunk characters drew me in. The robotic population of this game have dreams, hopes, and problems which make them relatable, but also special. They are obviously not human, but the similarities between them and humanity are evident in many portions of the game. That, however, is not to say there are no differences. Indeed some of the differences are what drove me to be more industrious in my exploration of the world.Second: the voice acting is stellar. While the voice acting is not particularly flashy, it has an underplayed value in making the protagonist and his little helper come to life. Throughout it gives simple but essential relatability with the main character, putting the player in his shoes so to speak. The voices are diverse and unique and this additionally draws the player into the world, which now not only has depth, but also seems broad.Third: the art is dead center with the rest of the game's feel. Though robotic, many tubes and unique shapes cascade through the art design, giving the machines an organic feel (this is not the only game I've seen do this but this game does it well). Most of the tones are dead-feeling beiges and browns but there are many glowing lights throughout the game that give the overall impression of a world with a soul beneath all the lifeless metal. Again this fits perfectly with the world's history and vibe.Fourth: the audio is wonderfully immersive. The sound is electronic with a common use of ethnic sounding pad synths. Deep, slow rhythms give the game a dark and somber feel which meshes perfectly with the mechanized art and characters. There is at least one old record you can listen to, which deepens the games portrayal of the world's past.Fifth: the gameplay is solid. The puzzles are not hard, but they have an obvious digital slant that only increases immersion and interest. Each one is unique, although each of thier formats is fairly standard for point and click games. If this game had to have a weakness it would be the puzzles, if you don't play this game for the story and immersion, I think you're not playing to the game's amazing strengths. If you don't like stories/worlds that you can lose yourself in and just want hard puzzles, don't play this. However, if you've ever been interested in a cyberpunk world, or a fantasy story, or even basic philosophy/worldviews, let this game tell you a story. It does it well.Sixth: no spoilers in this review but I will say the ending I found was amazing."
76561198074063118,Recommended,227000,20962769,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,skibrieez,"I don't usually leave game reviews, but Primodia really wowed me. It's a hauntingly beautiful game and the story is compelling. The whole concept of the universe Primordia is set in adds an intrigue to the whole thing. As a point and click game it is extremely successful. The puzzles and problems can be difficult and you may get really stuck on a few parts; this never stopped me from wanting to complete the game though. Upon completion  of Primordia I felt as if I'd read a really good book that made me think and want more. The game is interesting and mystery-filled, and I fully recommend it."
,Recommended,227000,22348800,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,giantspacehamster,"Haunting, biblical, gripping, and tragic. Reminds me of the point and click games I played as a kid, and also reminds me of old school Fallout. 10/10 Beautiful."
76561198066521381,Recommended,227000,22851943,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,mat669,"Great music, nice artwork but silly puzzles and subpar gameplayUpdated:It is really annoying that there are only good/bad binary ratings available on Steam, binary ratings make no sense whatsoever. I would still not 'recommend' the game but at the same time don't think it is a 'bad' game so changed the rating to 'yes'. It has amazing music and nice artwork but puzzles not on the same level, very 20 years ago-ish and not in a good sense, they feel quite tedious"
,Recommended,227000,23091883,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,EdCapistrano,"Great adventure! Story, setting, characters, graphics, voice acting, all great!"
76561198052358891,Recommended,227000,24698485,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Warper,"While I normally don't care for point and click adventure games too much, I highly recommend this one if you like a good story. The world and characters are expertly crafted and for once it seems the game doesn't treat you like an idiot. What I mean by that is holding your hand throughout the game and telling you what to do. You figure it out, however long that takes and I have to say that it makes the game much more rewarding. Many points allow you different ways of continuing on that have different impacts. You can even mess up at things and make certain little side quests uncompleteable. But trust me when I say it doesn't ruin the experience.I actually felt invested in the characters and I lost a few friends during the game. When I care enough that I stop playing for a minute to just take it in when something big happens, I know the game has done what I wanted of it. The game is actually rather short though and left me with a question about something that doesn't add up, but perhaps I just missed it.Overall I would suggest this game to anyone. Oh, and don't look up answers!"
76561198061242025,Recommended,227000,25994885,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Devour2Survive,"This game made my head hurt... in a good way. Great pixel art, challenging puzzles including the occasional math and logic problems (ugh!) and supremely voiced robots with god complexes."
,Recommended,227000,26067226,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Chramir,Excelent piece of art...
,Recommended,227000,26176464,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Chickenpunk,"Communism is bad kiddies!  That said, I wholeheartedly recommend this game, it is a good game, you should all play and learn being a communist will end badly, comrade"
76561198053891302,Recommended,227000,26313150,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Jaxe,10/10
,Recommended,227000,26916100,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kinofrost,"Engaging, beautiful, interesting, balanced. Taxing without frustration."
,Recommended,227000,27577547,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Logan,10/10 now one of my most favoritest games of all time. I'd recomend for anyone down for a point an click.
76561198067481163,Recommended,227000,28203369,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ladykrystalwebb,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game, I downloaded this immediately after completing Shardlight (another game by Wadjeteye Games). You play as a robot named Horatio in a world where there are no more humans, only robots. Horatio has a sidekick/friend that he built, named Crispin, who accompanies you on your journey. I really like how Crispin is a sort of hint system as well as being a constant source of sass :P If you like old school style point n clicks, you're going to like this one. The story is engaging, the voice acting is great, the music is awesome. Buy it."
,Recommended,227000,28209141,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,HarakiriTiger,"Great story, fun characters. Just felt a little short, is all. Can still recommend it, it'll last you longer than going to the movies once, for sure."
76561198129170586,Recommended,227000,28811654,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,007darth,"This game is absolutely amazing, challenging and fun. If you like puzzles, you will enjoy this. Im only in the beginning but its great so far."
76561198025041121,Recommended,227000,28906046,Posted: 1 January,all,minimallyexceptional,"The game gripped me shortly after beginning. My heater was broken, it was freezing outside. But this wonderful adventure had hooked me. The world is one of the best-presented I've ever seen. The characters are very well presented to make you curious for more. I just wanted to spend more time exploring this world. It's also filled with humor that lightens up the somber setting, it's difficult to explain just how well the combination works.The puzzles themselves vary in quality, with some doing a great job in feeling like you're just solving problems that would exist in the world rather than an arbitrary roadblock by the developers. Others... Not so much. One particular puzzle stands out as an example of this problem (slight spoiler warning, though I won't give the answer)You need two different objects that can obstruct a vent. The first is easily gained by cutting off the tip of a robot's finger. However, the game doesn't allow you to cut off the tip of another finger for the second item. This is a frustrating limitation, and can easily lead to resenting the puzzle. The fact that important objects are often indistinguishable from the background only adds to the frustration.HOWEVER, and I can't stress this enough, while this kind of uneven quality in puzzles should suck the fun out of an adventure game... It doesn't. The rest of the world is too entrancing. It single-handedly rekindled my love of adventure games. I bring up these drawbacks to help emphasize how truly great the rest of the experience is, that even these issues don't sour it.TLDR; If you're considering buying this game, do so. Do it now. Play it. Enjoy it. Have fun."
76561198035125428,Recommended,227000,29655991,Posted: 2 February,all,jan.drobnik,"Dear review reader,To write a review for this bright gem of adventurous point and clicking is like ignite a dim star on dark hevenly arch which is already littered with thousand brightly shining suns.Yes.... I know.... my words and sentences will imediately drop down through a grating of review sewage to simply form higher mean value of positive review percentage, BUT!!!!..........I do not mind.... that is how good this game is.Well for review: Its great, its hand drawn, got great SFX and music, its about robots, its about apocalypse, its about war, about our extinction, but then you find out its also about hope and friendship and like six people that got together and made wonderfull game. (and did not try to rip you off for 50 bucks or so(I got mine for ten!!))Its really abut much more, but I am confident that you will find out for yourself.Thank you.(also... sry for mstakes)"
76561198028675795,Recommended,227000,29885029,Posted: 12 February,all,Me5h0k,"Engaging story, multiple endings, awsome nerrative, what else would you want?"
,Recommended,227000,29901228,Posted: 13 February,all,Gλgz,Very nice gameStory rich with a great atmosphereThe interplay between Horatio and Crispin is goldenThe puzzles are a bit easy. but the great story is worth the time
,Recommended,227000,31791242,Posted: 16 May,all,Sir_Meowsalot,A great dystopian-esque story and a unique take on Artificial Intelligence and Sentience. Really appreciated and loved this game. Multiple endings also provide great repeat value for your in-game decisions. Keep these coming! Would love to see a Sequel for this.
,Recommended,227000,31981565,Posted: 26 May,all,SC,"I liked the game a lot for its atmosphere, humour, puzzles and story. Liked it so much that I even bothered to play it though a few times to get all the achievements."
,Recommended,227000,32907549,Posted: 27 June,all,Foximus,"An amazing adventure with incredible artwork and memorable characters. Puzzles are not so convoluted that you want to give up and look at a walkthough, but not so trite and simple that you feel like your intelligence is being insulted. Definitely a good pick up."
,Recommended,227000,33259999,Posted: 4 July,all,Hyperbog,This game is fantastic. One of the best games and stories I've ever had the pleasure of interacting with. Much thanks to the creators of Primorida for this experience. 10/10.
76561198001784408,Recommended,227000,33918026,Posted: 30 July,all,mb3,Finished it.Enjoyed it.
,Recommended,227000,34081380,Posted: 7 August,all,Chronepsis,"There is some minor bugs needs to fix:-When looking into something for example telescope, monitor i.e, open map and try to travel. You got crashed.-Sometimes data pouch's buttons are unable to push-Some kid of visual glitches but it doesnt matter.All in all it's good game"
,Recommended,227000,34838918,Posted: 9 September,all,Cisco,"One of the Greates Quests I've ever played! Developer, Thank You for this greatest 10 hours of gameplay and dialogs."
76561198068508853,Recommended,227000,35262173,Posted: 28 September,all,babben,"A visually dark apocalyptic game where humanities mechanical offspring are struggling to survive. Interface was generally straight forward, maybe a tiny bit clunky but better than games with a similar structure. Music fit perfectly with the scenery of the game and it was all around a very pleasant 4-6 hours gameplay."
,Recommended,227000,11073853,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Buskskytt,Pretty good story with the only real negative being the odd graphics scaling.
76561198004766184,Recommended,227000,11254581,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Ragemaster 9001,"This game is underrated in my opinion. If you like Point&Click Adventure games and haven't played this yet, definitely do. It has hard puzzles (sure - I might have taken a look in a walkthrough once or twice), great general geeky humor, robots, amazing voice acting (Logan Cunningham of Bastion!), beautiful pixely art style (try 640x480 on a 27"" monitor, it's great). Oh and did I mention robots?Once I started I couldn't stop playing until the early morning. But even once you're done, you're not done. There's replay value due to different ways to do the same puzzles, multiple endings and achievements you won't unlock on your first playthrough."
,Recommended,227000,11438463,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Galaxy Eyes,"I revived a giant war robot by sticking its finger up its nose 11/10.In all seriousness though, this game is beautiful. The story is wonderful and moving, the characters are well-written and fleshed out, and the humor is surprisingly funny despite the game's bleak dystopian setting. The art and backgrounds, though they look somewhat dated and old-fashioned, are still detailed and do a very good job building the world and creating the atmosphere. The puzzles were a little hard to figure out at times, but always had a logical solution. I strongly recommend this game to everyone, unless you're not much of a point-and-click fan or can't stand dystopian settings I guess. Seriously though, this game is amazing. You won't be disappointed.This game also happened to introduce me to Wadjet Eye Games and has sort of been a gateway drug into their other games. Which are also really good. I am ok with that."
76561198052714314,Recommended,227000,11459705,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Proxy,"This is an absolutely fantastic point and click adventure. I am so happy to find a great little treasure such as this. Genuine storytelling is hard to find it seems like, and this has that dusty wasteland / rusty robot feeling to it that our post-modern imaginatinos crave."
76561198105632156,Recommended,227000,13397743,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Jedidiah,"A fantastic world. Melancholy, but with as much hope as you are willing to make. I did NOT expect some of the endings, nor that there would be so many.But if you choose one of the good endings, I foreseedefinitesequel potential, especially if you investigate thoroughly and read/watch the official short story prequel ""Fallen"".Think of a cross between the shows ""Firefly"" and ""The 100"".Unfortunately, the developers have slipped upmajorlyin their commentary mode. Some words unfit to be spoken or heard (as in, the absolute worst the English language can offer), tarnishing Primordia's otherwise shining image. Simply don't pry in commentary mode and you'll be golden.For the game proper, I recommend this mechanical crisis of faith."
,Recommended,227000,13410549,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,RATED X FOR XTREMELY BADASS,"Excellent, thought-provoking story."
,Recommended,227000,14613819,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,BlackDove634,"This game became a favorite of mine very quickly.For some reason I absolutely love any story that mixes machines with religion.  Perhaps I have that bias as a Christian who loves science fiction and philosophy (mind/body problem anyone?).  For those who are adverse to religion, I wouldn't say it's a huge part of the game (some of the robots have their own faith, not practicing a real one), but it is certainly obvious.  If you've ever watched Ergo Proxy, it kind of has a similar feel in that regard.The characters are great, the story is great, the voice acting is amazing... I have nothing but good to say about this game.  Expect a Horatio cosplay from me soon! ; )"
76561197993896866,Recommended,227000,15023079,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Commissioner Mcdick,"I have tried to get into point and click adventure games in the past but have tired of them quickly. As soon as I get stuck the temptation to check for the solution on the web gets greater and when I finally do the magic is gone, I may as well just use the walkthrough. With Primordia there were some hard points but with the help of my sidekick Crispin I managed to get through and complete the game.I found the world incredibly absorbing. The artwork was excellent and the dialogue thoroughly amusing. The story pulls you in and at the end I was a little sad that it was over.If you like adventure games then this will be a hit. If you haven't tried adventure games but were looking to then I think this might be one to start with as most of the puzzles are pretty intuitive. The things you need to interact with are generally easy to find on the screen and the dialogue and hints help a lot."
76561198017279748,Recommended,227000,15622643,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Governor Cure,"This game has amazing writing and choices.Just beware some hard, think outside switchinstantly inside the box puzzles.Multiple endings and random directions it can go."
76561198065885685,Recommended,227000,21368813,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Tearing Tarin Terror,This is a great post-apocalyptic point and click game with tons of puzzles that require your attention at all time. The story is interesting and the world is full of hidden easter eggs and clever refferences from everyday life.At the end I found 7 different possible endings. Some of the endings had 2-3 variations. (The cutscenes were the same but the monologue and dialogue changed depending on what you did during the game.) There might be more however.The game took me 10 hours but I spend alot of time just wandering around.Over all I recommend it. Wish there was Primordia 2.
76561198048379877,Recommended,227000,24253089,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Eis,"amazing, meaningful story, makes you think about yourself and the world.the ending depends on your choices.choose wisely.defferent characters, everyone is unique.i really enjoyed playing the game, i get bored every time i'am stuck.i think the game could be better, i hoped if it focused more on the history.i loved the soundtrack even though it was ONE soundtrack for the WHOLE game.8.5\10"
76561198066692286,Recommended,227000,35404947,Posted: 1 October,all,Trolosaurus,It's perfectAbsolutely perfect
,Recommended,227000,8697466,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,ABOZ,"It's been months since I beat Primordia and I still think about it from time to time.My one nitpick is that there are a few disappointingly easy to miss parts of the game that (unless you have meticulous saves) you could lose the opportunity to try out without starting a new game. A lot of games solve that kind of problem by the use of chapters/episodes. Not this one.Overall, Primordia is short, entertaining, and gorgeous.I am in love with the voices and the art. Especially the character Primer. You'll know what I'm talking about when you get there."
76561198053109924,Recommended,227000,8720741,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Noobling,"This is a great point and click adventure game wth entertaining puzzles, engaging story, atmospheric music and lovely artwork.Your little sidekick Crispin is genuinely funny and I will miss him.I loved playing this, please let there be Primordia 2 :)"
,Recommended,227000,9506961,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,The Darker Side of Your Shadow,"Click Here for the Full Review!Synopsis: A fantastically simple little adventure game. Explore the ruins of Earth to find the fiend that stole your power crystal, the device you need survive. In the process, find out what happened to man, and your surprising role in the end of the world. Make choices that change the final results of the game, and tackle puzzles that can be, at times, a bit too challenging. Enjoy the humorous back and forth between the main character (voiced by the narrator for Bastion) and his flying sidekick. A great game to play in short bursts if you tend to get stuck, or in a longer sitting if you have the fundamentals of combining items in you inventory together to form the key piece you need.Multiple playthroughs, or saving at critical moments, are required in order to see all possible endings, of which, there are at least 7, but what happens after those possible ending scenarios depends on what you accomplished during the game - who  you saved, who you let die, etc. Took me about 7 hours during the first playthrough, largely because some of the puzzles are a bit tricky (oh, wait, I can use the Signal Transmitter on that blue light to solve this puzzle...huh.). A second playthrough took about a third of that time. I found the environment and story the game told, as well as the solidness of the gameplay, well worth my $2.50 investment, but it wouldn't be a bad deal to get it for a bit more than that, because I've rated this one 9/10."
76561198259446899,Recommended,227000,25880097,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SonOfKyuss69,It's the end of 2016 and I just finished this game. Wow! What an amazing story. It's this kind of depth that we're missing in so many new games. The story gets you hooked immediately and the puzzles are well-crafted and fun. Hope to see more games like this one.
,Recommended,227000,25957066,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Sexy Magic Sniper,"Some puzzles are fairly easy because you know you got everything you need and must make it work somehow.Others are terrible - the flipped ship, the rag that takes long to discover, the overall logic of the puzzles. One time you try to search the junk and your character says there's nothing in there of interest, next time you find something in there. When I get told: ""This is all crap"", then I dont expect this to magically transform suddenly to the puzzle solution. Games usually separate between useless and useful. The useless is for decoration mostly. These NPCs are called ""workers"", so there's not much to gain from them, but one of them has a name, so the player knows he's useful to progress in the story. These items are used to progress, others are just junk, decoration and so on. Usually the main character makes clear quickly what they are. You know you can look at them but never use them. I hate when a game ♥♥♥♥♥ on this and abuses well etablished ways for orientation as some kind of puzzle.Lots of the stuff in the inventory looks like the weird crap it is, how do I know how I am supposed to use it? So I just try everything with everything until something works, and if nothing does, I just try everything in my inventory on everything in the outside world, which sometimes is a problem because the developers thought it's fun to search for hot spots.Usually adventure games have a button to reveal them, not here though. I don't like pixelhunting at all, and I think old games, especially adventures, were mostly way too cryptic and way too complicated. I don't even call it hard, for me it's simply bad game design when you are clueless of what to do next once again. I wouldn't use bad game design as example of how to make a game unnecessarily complicated.Usually in games you can figure out by some logical thinking - where do I go from here? What can I try? What item could go with which item? What am I doing AT ALL and WHY? Why am I accessing a giant robot again? Why like this? Why do I have to access a bomb again that also is a religious shrine somehow AND a powercore? Why again do I have to attach graphite to a cat with granny's panty hose to blow up a mailbox??It doesn't have to be this way. I've played games where every next step makes sense through the WHOLE GAME and not only a few parts. It's not that the puzzles in Primordia are super hard to solve, it's just an overload of stuff. Especially of numbers. I think using plenty of numbers/codes is the lame way to create difficulty. Add some annoying minigames, like power cord connection and machine assembling. Ugh. Hand me the walkthrough!Despite that, the game has great atmosphere, really good voice acting, I like the humor and sound design, and I'd still recommend it."
76561198025492408,Recommended,227000,28397730,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,vidjogamer,One of the best Point and Clicks I've ever played.
,Recommended,227000,28733080,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Awillban,"Don't let metacritic ratings bully you.  Multiple endings are good, game is good but relatively short and small.  I picked this up on sale for 2$, felt like a steal, highly recommend it on sale.  If you've ever played any good point and click adventure it's good.  Again, short, average playtime should run 4-5 hours if that.  Can probably speed run the game in under 3.That said, if you want a good interactive story that's bleak and interesting to think about as far as post apocalyptic science fiction goes, it's great."
,Recommended,227000,28932884,Posted: 2 January,all,Lady Shyka,"Good story.  Puzzles are all logical and easy to solve with a little thought.  Great artwork. It's a little short, so buy it on sale if you can."
76561197971280570,Recommended,227000,28964519,Posted: 2 January,all,xJaKx,"Not normally my genre, but i enjoyed this game anyway."
,Recommended,227000,28999232,Posted: 3 January,all,V1LE,"Bought it during a steam sale and played through the entire game in 6 hours. Totally worth it, will be checking out more games from this developer. If you like dystopian cyber punk or adventure games it's hard not to enjoy."
,Recommended,227000,29041868,Posted: 5 January,all,der.judge,"One of the best and most compelling adventures I have played in a long time. Caught me with it's captivating visuals and fascinating atmosphere, kept me for it's unfolding story and unusual encounters. If you're into a good adventure, be sure to check this one out! Especially if you liked Beyond a Steel Sky or The Dig. It's a very unniic game!212/10; would build arms for Crispin again ;)"
,Recommended,227000,29238005,Posted: 13 January,all,Axen,"Top notch point & click, awesome soundtrack and the setting is good. Alot of stories set in the post-apocalypse don't really go anywhere or progress in a way that interests me, but primordia tackled a future without humanity and the progression of robot society. Definitely a must play. The characters are awesome aswell, the art is beautiful and the puzzles are just hard enough to do but not need a walkthrough.  play it!! [-c°▥°]-c"
,Recommended,227000,29422172,Posted: 22 January,all,Takwin,I am going to change my previous review from negative to positive. The game was not for me and I didn't like the fact it only supported lower resultions (even pixel graphics at 3440x1440 would be cool!). I can understand why people like it and the developer was very kind in his exchange with me via Steam and email. I'll give the game another shot in the future!
,Recommended,227000,10780161,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jollytoker,"I really enjoyed playing Primordia. The storyline and setting really captured my imagination. There were many challenging puzzles, and solid characters. I would definitely recommend this game."
76561198010298365,Recommended,227000,2635602,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,Dragon Mom,"An astonishing point-and-click adventure game, probably one of the suprise hits for me this year. The voice acting is charming and phenomenal, the art syle is a lovely combination of baroque/railgun-gothic themes with a dash of cyberpunk, the story is well written with many endings/paths, and the soundtrack is suprisingly good. Unfortunately it is somewhat short, but is still a must-buy for any post-apoc junkies, adventure game enthusiasts, and technophiles out there.I am Chrysalis Faustbuilt, version 69.And my primary directive is to ENSLAVE you."
76561197994612766,Recommended,227000,35144725,Posted: 22 September,all,GhostMessiah,"A short but quite fun puzzle game. The world it builds is engrossing and real, and the challenges quite fun. There are a few bumps (the game does little to no hand holding, and there are occassional pieces where you need to do something unintuitive to progress), but over all this is an excellent game, and one of the most intriguing post apocalyptic worlds I've ever seen."
,Recommended,227000,35298169,Posted: 29 September,all,geminidoesgames,"A dark and interesting, if somewhat straightforward, post-apocalypse story about robots struggling to survive the aftermath of a great war.  The aesthetic is dark too - almost too dark; it's a little rough on the eyes in some places.  But, the gameplay is very user-friendly, and the characters are, for the most part, decently acted.  Well worth the buy!https://youtu.be/jStuDipOxCI"
,Recommended,227000,14503078,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,dthrasher,"A beautifully realized indie adventure game with alternative paths and multiple endings, Primordia is one of the best point-and-click gems you've never heard of. Set in a far-future dystopian setting, robots struggle to make sense of a world where humans, their creators, no longer exist. As Horatio, a robot seeking to repair what has broken or fallen into disuse, you will explore the landscape of the desolate world and explore one of the few remaining cities with his faithful and sarcastic sidekick Crispin.The voice-work is excellent, as are the music and visuals. Now with the 2.0 release, I'm looking forward to playing it again and taking a different path."
76561198002603888,Recommended,227000,14910647,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,MassiveAttack,"Primordia is one of the best classic point-and-click adventures in recent memory. Its difficulty is only equaled by its conceptual beauty. Darkly macabre in design and heavily themed in religious and philospohical question, Primordia is worth the time. The voice acting is top-notch all around along a exceedingly mysterious universe. While the abrupt ending is somewhat disappointing, it game never seems to lose a step and the dialogue is exceedingly cyncial and hilarious. The soundtrack is appropriate for horror-thriller films and reminds of the minimalistic The Thing (1982) soundtrack that fits the scene perfectly. Can't recommend it enough."
76561198027295819,Recommended,227000,16586238,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,jcscarlett10,"""10/10""-jcscarlett10"
76561198049283080,Recommended,227000,16620989,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Steel Rampage,"This is a very interesting and strange game.The graphic style is “different” kind of haunting and wistful, unique and beautiful.Play is somewhat frustrating because you have to find items then combine them while in your inventory for use on items in the environment.Some of the combinations that need to be used are just not intuitive or easily figured out.Also if you combine two items by putting one on the other it may not combine until you put the other thing on the one thing.(In example, maybe you put water on dirt it doesn’t make mud but if you put dirt on water it DOES make mud)Personally I have enjoyed the walkthrough so far, I say walkthrough because to make any real progress in the game I just keep thegamezibo.comwalkthrough open on my tablet.So, I can’t really say that I am playing the game, perhaps you are more clever than I am, but, I need a step by step guide.Graphic style and clever banter are the strong points of the game."
,Recommended,227000,20506888,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Eternal Punishment,A very good point n click about robots in a post-human world that oozes atmosphere. Think Fallout/Wasteland + Machinarium with more voice acting (starring Logan Cunningham of Bastion fame!) Do mind that it's very much a point n click adventure with all the bad it usually comes with like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t puzzles and impossible to see objects you need to pick up.
,Recommended,227000,24453131,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,The Jumping Ghost,"I held of on buying this game for a very long time due to how minimal it seemed, but after playing it I wished I hadn't done so.  This game is as close to flawless as an adventure game can ever be.  It has the best writing and the best soundtrack of any video game I've played and has a surprisingly deep setting and lore to it, which is impressive considering the small size of the game world.  With just a few locations, it creates a realistic world that had me immersed for hours.The story and atmosphere of the game did a remarkable job of drawing me in and building tension, but where I believe the game stands out the most is in its setting.  The game takes place in a future in which life has long been extinct and Man has become a mythical deity worshipped by the remaining robots that now wander the lifeless desert that covers the earth, or even dismissed altogether as nothing more than legend.  Glass and light have become precious resources and what little remains of human invention is constantly scrapped to build new robots.  This is the kind of creativity that is lacking in most adventure games, and the subtlety with which it was presented was refreshing.It was surprising to see a post-apocalyptic setting in which humans take only a background role and the nature of the world before is long forgotten.  Rather than barrage the player with the history of the world, Primordia puts the story and gameplay first while allowing players to discover the lore on their own, avoiding many (though not quite all) of the tropes that plague post-apocalyptic, dystopian, and robotic science fiction settings.The game takes itself seriously and the comic relief exists for the amusement of the characters rather than that of the player, which is a skillful way of keeping the story believable, though Crispin's lines did make me cringe in more than a few points.  The primary cause of the chaotic dystopia is the degradation and corruption of the robots' programming, which becomes increasingly apparent as more of them are encountered.  All of the robots from the days of the humans are dead, insane, or rebuilt to the point of having no memories of the previous era, and the world inhabited by the rusting automotons that remain of civilization is chaotic, unpredictable, and bleak.  The dramatic irony of many characters' situations as well as the limited color palette contribute a depressing and hopeless tone that makes this an especially memorable experience.Primordia is an essential contribution to the adventure genre of computer games, and one that I will gladly recommend to anyone who has an interest in interactive stories.  If you are considering getting Primordia, then please do yourself a favor and don't make the mistake I made of waiting for several years before buying it."
,Recommended,227000,25873267,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Aud,"Awesome retro feeling point and click game, great art and characters, strong atmosphere, and fun puzzles that will challenge you but aren't Sierra-levels of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. If you love robots you'll definitely love this game!"
,Recommended,227000,25875414,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Imago,"Primordia..The most incredible adventure i've ever had. Wonderful atmosphere, such a good soundtrack, maybe the best in all games I've played. Horatio is my fav now. You will have the best time with that one, just play and game give you everything. And you know what's the worst? That all what you'll see there can be thruth someday.Highly recommended. 1000/10"
,Recommended,227000,25934922,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,RomanTris,"Great game with awesome story line that will leave you entertained for a bit, diffrent ending options + good voice actors"
76561198053561874,Recommended,227000,28156725,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Menzagitat,"If you liked those games in the 90s, you will like this one too.It has an amazing story and multiple endings.Remember that the good ending is always possible and is not hard to find.I may play the game again once I forget a little bit the story, just to unlock all achievements.On second play I will activate the option to check what the game developers have to say about game. These thoughts are accessible in each screen as you walk arround. Unfortunately the background noise in Metropol is slightly louder that their voice."
,Recommended,227000,28767347,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,сука пидар хуй,Brilliant game. Brilliant story. just a joy to experience and try to discover all different outcomes
,Recommended,227000,28808558,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Daft Funk,Unbelievably great game with a deep story and with actually challenging puzzles.Highly recommended! And for the price it's really great
76561197999721593,Recommended,227000,32196486,Posted: 5 June,all,rlexa,Enjoyed it from beginning to end.
,Recommended,227000,33544688,Posted: 14 July,all,Alejasom,"I highly recommend this game: it has endearingly well-written characters with witty lines, nice puzzles, and it's set in a universe that truly draws you in."
,Recommended,227000,35197840,Posted: 25 September,all,ddchdrn,"An atmospheric point-and-click adventure with good plot, excellent voice acting and humor. It has multiple endings and replay value, even though you can see most endings just by loading saves. I love the art style and robot designs.IMO one of the best point&click games out there."
,Recommended,227000,10779146,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,springly,"Is this game perfect? No. But it is one of the best games I have ever played, and definitely one of the most memorable.The art is beautiful, voice acting is fantastic, writing is quality. I didn't skip any dialogue, this in a game with lots of dialogue! The puzzles are mostly good and some are compelling.The only real problem with this game is the nature of a few puzzles, which stray into pixel-hunting territory or have completely non-intuitive answers of the 'click everything until something works' type.My advice? definitely buy it, especially if it's on sale, and maybe play with a walkthrough open in another tab to avoid pixel-hunt rage."
76561198061027030,Recommended,227000,11865661,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Uber Thumbs,"Possibly the best point and click adventure I've played in a decade. Certainly the best modern one. Nostalgic and yet refreshingly new. Cleverly written, and chock full of enjoyable characters. The puzzles followed a logic that was immediately understandable, but still required creativity to solve. In short, I loved it."
76561198063377908,Recommended,227000,16346279,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Inconnue,The voice acting is great and the script writing even better a worth while investment
,Recommended,227000,19089955,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,terra_dea,
,Recommended,227000,19271443,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,allight,"Awesome!Shut up, take my money and give us theOST! :D"
,Recommended,227000,27761536,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rakoon,"Extremely enjoyable game.  Entertaining and whitty dialogue that keeps you interested, as well as a great art style and fun mechanics."
76561198039546950,Recommended,227000,28696735,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Slavaboo,"Really unique setting with great art, music, and characterization. Fun to play with a friend."
76561198003847809,Recommended,227000,28887799,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,spotty1,Loved it! Passive and gripping at the same time.
76561197987231013,Recommended,227000,29010843,Posted: 4 January,all,b0unc3r™,Nostalgia for the old point&click gems gone after playing this insta-classic. I strongly recommend this piece of art.
,Recommended,227000,8348267,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Vent Xekart,"If anyone is looking for a good old-fashioned point-and-click game with a beautiful environment, a interesting storyline, and puzzles with multiple solutions, Primordia has all of those and more."
,Recommended,227000,9792419,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Mikey Psycho,"Gemini Rue meets Machinarium. Great story, great voice acting from all except Crispin IMO. It's a point and click game with old style graphics, but the original and futuresque story makes up for it. The mood is brought to life with the scenery and music. I enjoyed searching for answers and learning about the world. Primordia and To The Moon are games you can talk about, have a life discussion about once they are over as they deal with deeper and hypothetical life scenerious.  I appreciate games that cane bring more to the table than kill bad guy, game over.My only complaints are some of the puzzles are really difficult to achieve without outside help (info kiosk words). I do not like using outside help, but one puzzle requires a typed guess, that's ridiculous.  The hardest achievement isn't impossible, but requires finding the right post in the forums (I just bumped it to the top recently for those struggling for 100%).  Even though there are multiple endings, they take place at the very end (obviously) so it's not like what you did earlier in the game  really mattered, unless you were trying to get the achievements.Overall 8/10, I would have given it a 9/10 if that one puzzle was really impossible to figure out."
,Recommended,227000,33179120,Posted: 3 July,all,Gamer Garlic,"Awesome game. Very good characters developmend and interesting story.I bought it on steam sales, i would probably give 5 bucks or a little more, but not 10bucks. Only con: you might stuck at some point because it's not clear what to do next but this happens with all the ""point and click"" games so it is ok"
,Recommended,227000,33421199,Posted: 9 July,all,Atos,🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
76561198090990637,Recommended,227000,33747543,Posted: 23 July,all,a.l.maurer,great!
76561198052805146,Recommended,227000,34992195,Posted: 16 September,all,duuzyb,Wow.....my mistake was that I`v waited to long to buy this....it takes you back...way back :)
76561198027355802,Recommended,227000,10161695,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,fairyhedgehog,"Excellent old-school point and click adventure. Great storyline and characters, easy to use interface. Left click to use, right click to look at, and several options to speed things up, such as the map and the data pouch which records all important clues.I needed help to reach the ending, and then help to get a good ending, but all the puzzles were logical and none felt random or unfair. You do sometimes need to go back to somewhere you've already visited and speak to someone again but much less so than in many games.I found this walkthough useful:http://www.gamezebo.com/games/primordia/walkthrough-cheats-strategy-guide#chapter-2-finding-arbiterbut it does contain spoilers, so I only used it when totally stuck.The resolution is low and I found the visuals rather darker (ie harder to see) than I'd have liked but those were minor quibbles and I enjoyed the game hugely."
,Recommended,227000,10434250,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Typhoone,"I've been playing a lot of indie point-and-clicks lately; Primordia stands out because of its writing and setting. It has a LucasArts Loom vibe to it, with the protagonist Horation NullBuilt conjuring up an idea of what Bobin Threadbare would be if he was competent and decided to use his amnesia to his advantage. Yes, both characters have amnesia, have lost their home communities, and the fabric of society quite literally rests on their creations. Elements of the story definitely seem similar. The setting of Primordia is more exciting. It's a colorful combination of dystopia, cyberpunk, and steampunk. While that mix is becoming more and more common these days, finding 'good' games in that genre is still rare.I mentioned the writing: the story is captivating if only to explore the lore, and the main plot-arc is mediocre. The dialog writing is where the game shines; Horatio's sidekick levitating robot Crispin is a very well written NPC that integrates into the game nicely. The character is used to solve some puzzles, though not too much, and offers rather direct walkthrough-type tips if the protagonist is stuck.With it's marvelous writing, I wanted Primordia to feature more NPCs and dialog quests. A particular stand-out quest involves a logic puzzle attempting to legally assign the surname of a pet robot. While the logic is difficult to follow without pen and paper handy, the writing and voice-acting attempts to seduce the player away from choosing the logical option and I was tempted to go down a logically-flawed path (which the game teased would result in different endings and impact late-game quests). Rarely does game-dialog inspire this anymore, and it is where indie games such as Primordia stand a cut above the rest.The game has a relatively short playthrough and the puzzles become more difficult, sometimes to the level of ridiculousness, later in the game. This is caused by the game too early allowing me to use multiple items for different quests, and in the late game suffering through trying every permutation of item combination to solve the puzzles. Nonetheless, I would recommend this game to a casual or hardcore adventure gamer, as it is both enjoyable and tells a well-written, albeit cliche story."
76561198016084240,Recommended,227000,10512475,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,DischargeHammer,"Primordia is one of the best Adventure games I have played in a long time and is heartily recommended for fans of beneath a stell sky, machinarium or anyone who likes cyberpunk/bladerunner-aesthetics."
76561198028159127,Recommended,227000,11298389,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Veki,"Great game, beautiful art style. Somewhat difficult at times but that only adds to the gameplay."
,Recommended,227000,11305060,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,１４０．８５,"This game surprised me. I went in expecting another tedious point-n-click, but was quickly sucked into the world that is Primoridia. You play a robot named Horatio that is on a quest for the rather simple goal of finding his home's battery. What ensues is a storyline that unveils a history and lore rooted in a mixture of ""God and his creation"", aiming forward with questions of freewill and the role of the State within a society. All the while, Horatio simply wants his power core.A brilliant, rich and enticing game. It asks more questions that it answers, while playing with your imagination and leaves you wanting more from this universe. All in all, if you're looking for a game that challenges your logic and problem-solving skills, while experiencing a well-developed world and excellent cast of characters, look no further."
,Recommended,227000,11344116,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ranakanth,"Overall satisfying adventure game with only a few caveats.  Most of all I recommend this game.Pros:• Thought-provoking story full of moral ambiguities and juxtaposed viewpoints making you question your own judgments of the characters and their actions.• Good interface with a minimum of unnecessary clicking and waiting.• Varied endings dependant on choices made by the player.• Interesting scenery, good voice acting, and excellent atmosphereic soundtrack.Cons:• Completely unnecessary gender references at various points.  It's a world full of robots... Why does there need to be a ""female"" robot with boob-curves, or gender binary relationship references between androgynous mechanoids?• Serious tone somewhat undermined by numerous 4th-wall jokes by  a main character.• Lots of back-tracking and occasionally preposterous leaps in logic were needed to solve puzzles.  Several times I found myself resorting to ""randomly combine junk until something happens"" or having to look up walkthroughs, and being utterly baffled how someone would arrive at that solution.As stated above, I do highly recommend this game, and I enjoyed the story.  You should check it out!"
,Recommended,227000,1145011,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,Engine Er,"Now my favorite graphic adventure, Primordia is a gem composed of delightful visuals and great (logical) puzzles, as well as an intriguing and immersing storyline. The only bad thing I could possibly say about it is that, albeit satisfying, the ending felt somewhat abrupt; but the game is well worth twice its price."
76561197996794965,Recommended,227000,1710077,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,wordpyro,"You should play Primordia.  That is, if you’re interested in well written characters that represent larger themes of Religion, Politics, Justice, and what happens after the Apocalypse.  It’s hard to sum up here, and it’s hard to take in while you’re playing (because you want some things expanded on).  There’s a lot of substance packed into this short game.Stylistically it’s a lot like an old adventure game “Beneath a Steel Sky.”  However Primordia adds on all the powerful themes I mentioned above.  Truly Fascinating.  Very memorable characters."
,Recommended,227000,7543913,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,CanzarSlime,"Amazing Story, it flows perfectly. This game's visuals and asetics are great, the hand-drawn art style (the way the make the sprites is literally using like MSP and taking the hand drawn art and crushing it using resize) fits perfectly with tones ands settings of the game. The game perfectly blends moods and themes with comical and engaging lines. The voice work is top notch, i mean you should sold to buying this game at hearing Logan Cunningham (Bastion's Narrator, Rucks) is the main character: Horatio. As well Crispin your AI compadre is an amazing character and in many ways reminds me of a very familarlly close friend of mine, in voice and attitude, and honestly the main character pings also feel similar to between me and my friend so this game resonated to me on an extra level. Its short but commendable for its size and the developers. I reccomend this to anyone who enjoys a good story, some thinking, and enjoy 16-bit level pixel art, which on that mention the game comes in one pretty small resolution but its to preserve the visual quality of the art so its easily overlooked."
,Recommended,227000,7890828,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,ANDERSON,"Six hours in and this is already in my top five favorite games of all time. Maybe top three... Intriguing storyline/concept, the art is spectacular. Highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,227000,8632936,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Catalytic Flash,"Only just started playing it, but this is easily becoming my favourite point and click game of all time.I find the world very-much immersive, I am engorged in the storyline and environments.Not a bad game at all so far."
76561198051593153,Recommended,227000,8704872,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,ccikara,"I have no idea why I bought Primordia... But I am glad I did!The developers created a unique world with such an awesome atmosphere I just could not get enough of.Horatio is a really cool and deep character and his sidekick Crispin keeps the humour alive and is defiantly the coolest sidekick of all time! I want one!I can’t recommend this game enough to anyone that is looking for something new (or something old if you are old like me).The game brought me back to the old Sierra adventure games, graphics and everything!!"
,Recommended,227000,8749590,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,V00D00Dem0n,"This game is amazing. One of the most unique SciFi stories i have ever heard. The world is fantastic and the character are unforgetable. The humor is a geeks dream. Computer nerds will have a ball. If you have any free cash and time Primordia is worth a look. Though i was never into the point and click adventures, Primordia's Imaginative plot and enchanting style pulled my attention every step of the way. The game's puzzles and tech based solutions will challenge your curiosity and cleaver problem solving skills. Though what i have seen so far are single solutions to problems, the non-linear flow of the main chapters of the game are in there own write part of the puzzle, ""Where the hell am i going to find and LED Display?"", trust me, Primordia will challenge and enchant you. Have a look and Bsod those that pass it up."
,Recommended,227000,9263356,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Demacrex,"Loved the story, so many endings and alternate routes you'll have to look them up to get all of them.  Easy to get lost without a guide and sometimes some of the dialogue didn't cue properly so I missed entire conversations (some important to the plot), turns out you have to turn off Steam overlay for this particular game so be careful of that.  Most of the puzzles and items you had to combine actually made sense, unlike a lot of other point-and-click games.  Even though you could finish this game in one sitting, the characters are extremely likeable and the atmosphere makes you feel like you're really in on this by yourself."
76561198055889291,Recommended,227000,9324272,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Chlora_Virgo,"One of the best quests which has that very special old school atmospehere and gameplay. The story is interesting and well-told. And one of features which makes this quest unique is quiet an amount of endings, so that you can act as you think right and get an ending you deserve. Some endings won't be opened if you make wrong decisions at the beginning of your story ;)The pixel art is splendid and I really like the voices."
,Recommended,227000,9822482,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,limewolf,"A post-apocalyptic game with robots, recommended. Only thing that lets it down is it's short play time."
,Recommended,227000,9948243,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,baudtack,Wow. Just wow. Fantastic game. I've missed story telling with this level of interest and depth.
,Recommended,227000,13235395,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,<D4RK_H4LO>,"An artistic gem of a game, Primordia really hits the spot for an old school point and click adventure. What really draws you in is the unique story and interesting dialogue along with the sci-fi, post apocalyptic setting.Overall I really enjoyed this game, but there are definitely a few things that could have been improved. The game setup before you launch the game can only be accessed in the game folder and can't be launched in game or through steam. When the setup is run it's somewhat confusing and I always felt as if the graphics weren't set up right. Watching the trailer for the game confirms this when I see crisp, clean graphics on the store page and fuzzy, muddy graphics on mine and changing to higher settings just seemed to make it look worse. It seems though that that developers are continuing to make improvements, so maybe this can be fixed in the future.Balance in the game seemed a bit lacking as solving puzzles became an effort in frustration at times. Having your sidekick Crispin give you clues helped quite a bit, but even with his help some areas required random trial and error because you had no clue what to do. Without a little help from a guide I probably wouldn't have finished the game.Minor gripes aside though, I had a great time playing this game. With a quality soundtrack, voice acting and funny dialogue it was well worth it. Multiple endings helped keep it interesting a bit as well with radically different results to the storyline. Definitely a must play for point and click adventure fans."
76561198036453623,Recommended,227000,13403743,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,gas,"One of the best point-and-click games I've ever played, in the league of the best LucasArts and Sierra titles. A must have for all old adventure and sci-fi lovers."
76561197972469767,Recommended,227000,13633217,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,white beast of wotan,"Wow. What an incredible little game. This is the second point and click adventure I've ever completed and it was worth every penny. If I'm not mistaken this game was Greenlit on Steam, Wormwood Studios is an Indie developer with a lot of support in the GOG community. The style and apocalyptic hand painted backdrops of each space is nothing short of awe inspireing. I didn't even mind having to play in a lower res and sacrificing my second screen to play this game. Very cool story line and excellent sound score kept me gripped 'til the end. If this game looks interesting to you, do yourself a favor and try it out, especially if it's on sale, you just might love it, ya dingus!p.s. The song on Horatio's phonograph ""Dreams Of Green"" by Kim Beokbinder and Nathaneil Chambers is one of the most haunting and beautiful compisitions reflecting a post apocalytpic landscape that I've heard, Only proof that behind any great game, there needs to be great music.Wormwood Studios, I hope this isn't the last Primordia title, thank you guys for this piece of art."
76561198101330704,Recommended,227000,13881091,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Pseudonym,"This game has a fantastic art style, and i love the voice acting. Point and clicks have always been one of my favorites, and Primordia does not dissapoint."
76561198034255356,Recommended,227000,15372713,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ice Miku,Very depressing and bitter sweet but very hauntingly beautiful. Highly recommended for sci-fi story fans in particular robot-AI story lovers.
76561198071422698,Recommended,227000,15715587,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,monchopx,Excellent art and sound. I loved that pixelated look and those sweet post apocalyptic tunes. Very interesting plot.
76561198052355727,Recommended,227000,15746460,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,m4tt.harrison,"This game was a lot of fun. I enjoyed the story line, the basic gameplay mechanics, and the dialogue between characters. Crispin was by far my favorite character, but if you add in the fascinating story following Horatio and the additional characters that appear later in the game, I think you'll find the game is more than enjoyable."
,Recommended,227000,16287696,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Jest,"One of the most enjoyable adventure games I've played. It doesn't treat you like a child and assumes you're up for the challenge but is never too frustrating. Great atmosphere and great story, all around very good."
76561198122656243,Recommended,227000,16967261,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,BIGGER BOOT,"When I first saw this game, I was looking for something similar to machinarium (another point-and-click adventure game) and what I was met with while playing Primordia was not at all disappointing. There are some very unique things that set this game apart from other point-and-click adventure games.One element that is so different about Primordia is the surprisingly large amount of dialogue that is incorporated into it, unlike most other games of the genre.Another characteristic that adds to the game is Crispin, the protagonist's ""sidekick"" if you would call him that. He adds a sense of humour to the game (although sometimes rather corny) and can offer hints to the player that are valuable, but not always completely revealing of the next course of action that must be taken. Crispin is an often uplifting character in this post-apocalytic setting.Another trait that won me over is the atmosphere in the game. It seems realistic in the post-apocalyptic setting, and it is one of my favorite things about this game. The backrounds always seem beautifully made.The puzzles in this game are very engaging and are not always clear-cut which may seem like a bad thing, but I personally enjoy the extra challenge. Not every puzzle is as simple as clicking on one thing and then another. They often include various items and/or certain actions to be taken. This is a huge difference between Primordia and other point-and-click adventure games.The only complaint I really have about this game is that it seems to include a few creationist concepts that I personally do not agree with. It is brought up through the concept of humanism in the game which is symbolic of today's major religions that believe that a god created humans.Another piece of this game that I am not fully content with is the way the protagonist moves. It can sometimes seem somewhat clumsy, but I won't be critical about it seeing as how that is how it is with most other point-and-click adventure games.Overall, I would give this game an 8.5/10. It is definitely a worthwhile play for those who like games such as machinarium or other big point-and-click adventure games because of the unique elements it includes.One last thing I would like to address is that it sometimes has multiple choices that can be made, leading to different outcomes. They do not alwyas have a huge effect on the story, but it adds a sense of independence in the game.I highly recommend that you all look into playing this game :)"
,Recommended,227000,17193027,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Masked Little Shit,"Primordia is my first ""proper"" Point and Click and as such I did have some trouble with some of the puzzles, but I am someone who is completly new to it with only The Walking Dead as a prior Point and Click.Primordia is heavily story rich. There's so much in the world that I wish I could have explored more so that I might have more knowlege about it, but since it's not importaint to the plot it's touched on at most.There is an information kiosk that you can look at however. It'll give you information on any topic you can find.You follow Horatio and Crispin, two robots living out in the dunes, until their power core was stolen by a bigger robot. They embark on a mission to get it back. I don't want to go too deep into story but the ending was one I was very satisfied with. I'm so used to games having a truely happy ending but the endings in Primordia were none of that.The endings were that of weariness, telling the player that in this world there is no such thing as a happy ending.  The world has died and there doesn't seem to be a way to get a kind of renewable resource, and if there is it's just not known.Primordia was an amazing game, it wasn't too long nor too short. It was just right."
76561197994410015,Recommended,227000,17262337,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Hobbes,"I haven't had this much fun with a point and click game sinnce the classics. great world building, clever and VERY obsucure puzzles, amazing art. PLay this game."
,Recommended,227000,17358357,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Mu'Ammar of Carthus,"Doesn't matter if you like point&click games or not. (I know I don't)If you like the Cyberpunk genre, you need to play this."
76561198045384703,Recommended,227000,19190394,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,machinegunkungfu,"ACTUALLY a good point-n-click with the charm and feel of a puzzle game from the golden days.Lots of comedy, lots of despair, the world feels real and you really do feel like you need to win the game for the good guys, as absurd as that might sound.Great visuals, great humor, great writing, great game!"
76561198061457618,Recommended,227000,20925835,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Optimistic,There's about ten endings and they all suck.Other than that this game is flawless.
76561198277429937,Recommended,227000,21065295,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,jodashi_n7,OMG This game was awsome.
,Recommended,227000,21090128,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Joranous,"The only game, so far, that I have every achievement unlocked.It is an interesting world and a great story with multiple endings.It has some interesting puzzles and brought me back to the early point and click style games of the 80s and 90s. Ah Nostalga, you are a funny thing.But the game is just too short IMO.Get it if it's on sale. Otherwise I'd say wait."
76561197998166427,Recommended,227000,21720917,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Møthmərk,Hardcore cyberpunk goodness.8/10
,Recommended,227000,21784901,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ばか Baka!,I'm not a big fan of point of click adventures. What initially drew me to purchase this game was the art. Trust me when I say that Primordia goes far beyond just being a pretty looking game. The story is outstanding. There are a ton of endings and lots of challenging puzzles and decisions along the way. Definitely recommend picking this one up.
,Recommended,227000,21826158,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,daniel.jozsef,"This game is beauty incarnate. It uses the point-and-click adventure format masterfully, and delivers an incredible experience. Unlike some other games (Blackwell Epiphany,cough-cough xD), you always feel like you have agency, and the number of alternate endings only add to this feel. The puzzles are fair, and the world vast and interesting.As someone who grew up on Lem's Cyberiad, for me, robots inhabiting a post-mankind world was a must buy... but what really managed to awe me was how incredibly well they were executed. No throw-away characters and no bad cliches in this game.If you like Asimov or Lem, robots, and adventure games, get this. It's one of the top titles of the genre at the moment, surpassing even many of the big old titles by LucasArts in the golden days."
,Recommended,227000,22131241,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,charlie.griff,"An exceptionally well crafted adventure game with difficult puzzles and a beautifully written story.  I had thought that the intrigue and mystery of playing games like Beneath a Steel Sky and Monkey Island was lost to the dumbed down 'puzzle' games of the console era - Primordia proves that this isn't so, and I am so very grateful."
,Recommended,227000,24035375,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,lucky,"The most sierra feeling game i've played since the 90s. I loved every minute of it, the plot is great , characters are intresting and there are multiple endings depending on what you plan. Which is faaaantasticHighly recommend if you were a lucasarts/sierra fan"
,Recommended,227000,24304347,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ham shot FIRST,"Point 'n click goodnessEngaging storyMulti[ple endings (and some choices)Some challenging puzzles (some like DAMN, some like OH, I'm an idiot...)Wit andPUNS!Achievements lend to replay-ability (I got them all!)tip:  The game uses an archaic  engine - use the included winsetup.exe and set the filter to 4x to get 1280x800 resolution."
76561198037393879,Recommended,227000,24351144,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Shill,Great!
,Recommended,227000,24624248,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,tripsupstairs,"Though challenging at times, the solutions always made logical sense. Primordia is one of the best point-and-click games I have had the pleasure to play through. You are Horatio Nullbuilt, a robot who essentially spends his life dumpster-diving and building from what he can find. Likewise, every piece of information gathered through dialogue and observation has a purpose. This game isn't just ""put this on that and see if it works"" and it never hands you the answers unless you ask (Crispin acts as an in-game hint giver), and even then, solutions are never simply GIVEN. Crispin is like a hand that'll guide you to the right area, but won't tell you what to do when you're there. Loved the story. I wish there was a sequel."
76561198048747188,Recommended,227000,24823750,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Lord_Nemo,"This is my first point-and-click game and.... im in love. This game got to me, the story, artwork, characters, all of it. This game is funny, the areas are interesting and actually make you want to look around, while not bieng soooo big that you just dont want to be bothered with trying to find all the things. Also, the logic in this game is solid. There are no moments where you use a rubber band and a rock to make a rocket ship or anything. It all made sense as i played through it, and when i was stuck, i was still invested enough to want to keep going.Also multiple endings that are really awesome. I think that just about covers it."
,Recommended,227000,25898705,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,GreyGoldFish,"I have just finished the story, but I am still missing some content. However, I felt the need to write a review right now because this game has simply enthralled me so deeply in its lore and characters in such a short amount of time that I would absolutely reccomend this masterpiece. I chuckled at some of the references, and the witty replies of your ""trusty sidekick"", and I say: pick this game up right now, it's so worth the price!"
,Recommended,227000,25956281,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ff,"This is actually a pretty decent game with a decent story - about robots!I only have two gripes: it doesn't have a sufficiently high resolution for my monitor, and 2 or 3 times I got a bug where the conversations were just flickering up (though this was easily resolved by reloading the autosave)."
,Recommended,227000,26393984,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Dauntless,PROs- Great artstyle- Good story- Full voice acting- No moon logic puzzlesCONs- Easy to get stuck- Too short
,Recommended,227000,26530474,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Chinchilociraptor,"First off, I highly recommend this game.Pros:  Fun play experience, decent storytelling, fairly decent voicing of characters, game was priced fairly well.Cons: Some of the clickables in game aren't readily apparent and in one instance incredibly easy to overlook (elevator control panel at one point in game is a prime example). The game is short (I really wish it had been longer, I didn't want it to end. The game is able to be completed in under 2 hours.)It's pretty rare when I find a game that I enjoy as much as this one.  It is fairly reminiscent of Septerra Core, which is a major plus.  The game is well polished and priced quite well for the level of enjoyment you get playing it."
76561198302426409,Recommended,227000,26556607,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ali_ezzat85,"I really liked the game. The best thing about this game is the story which is great and interesting. As for puzzles, they are a bit on the easy side, but with a few that may force you to consult a walkthrough if you're not paying close attention.Since the game is quite short, I recommend getting this on sale."
,Recommended,227000,27546651,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lokomotywa,"an endearing, unique experience. I've finished it two times ongog.com, bought it here on a sale a while ago."
76561197997421384,Recommended,227000,28158856,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,|LAME| MEAT,"This game is a work of art.  It has a profound atmosphere to it- something that just so perfectly sets the tone with the perfect blend of dystopian future, a sense of doom, and yet also quite wry humor.  The visuals, the dialogue, and the themes all marry together so well.It would be so hard to fully explain why this game is so magnificent.  The visuals are impressive, the voice acting flawless, the gameplay intellectually challenging but requiring no particular finesse or agility, it is a game that anyone could play.  With multiple endings and some multiple paths, it has a little bit of replay value.  Even for one playthrough of about 5-6 hours though, the price of a movie ticket for this game is a steal.TL;DR:10/10, buy this game you ponce."
,Recommended,227000,28216173,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,xor1337,"Good game. Quality on par with the blackwell games. its not super long, which I think is a good thing. Graphics and sound/voices are great with the excepion of a few ""omitted"" animations that should have been drawn (please don't fade to black to cover up the fact that you didn't care to animate part of the story). its a good story and good puzzles. Buy it and help fund more good stuff."
76561197970376865,Recommended,227000,28781507,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,dlux,"A classic style adventure game. Very interesting and original setting. Decent writing and puzzles. A bit short, but definitely worth the money I paid for it."
76561198159728971,Recommended,227000,28815971,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pegasus,"Very impressed.  Low on graphics but great story, great voice acting.  Point and click adventure game."
,Recommended,227000,28926097,Posted: 1 January,all,Aron,Pros:Great store.Amazing voice acting.Likable characters.Awesome graphics.Cons:Makes you want more. I would love to learn more about this universe.
,Recommended,227000,28934246,Posted: 2 January,all,arasithil,"An amazing, thoughtful, and moving game. One of the best adventure games I've played in a long while. Great puzzles with sufficient cluing and a completely immersive atmosphere. Highly recommended!"
76561198315700394,Recommended,227000,28934780,Posted: 2 January,all,ALPHADERP,"Pretty decent game overall. Good atmosphere and plot.Immersive: Sure, maintained my attention enough to finishCharacters: LoveableAtmosphere: Credible and buildsEndings: MutipleMystery: 8/10Overall: 7.4/10Tl;dr: Alright game for me, others probably liked it way more but hey, decent experience."
,Recommended,227000,29025877,Posted: 4 January,all,Madwall,+Great setting and atmosphere+Helpful hint system for adventure game novices like me
76561197971428787,Recommended,227000,29240944,Posted: 13 January,all,Controllerface,"As someone who hasn't played a point-and-click adventure game in a while, but played them a lot as a kid, I really enjoyed this game. I rarely finish a game and immediately start it over, but I did for this game. I'd say if you liked anything like the older king's quest games (like, 6 or earlier), leisure suit larry (PC Point & Click ones of course not the console garbage) or Day of the tentacle, etc, you will very likely really enjoy this.I think the biggest compliament I can pay this game is that I DID actually refrain from using any guide my first play through. AND I really did want to for a few puzzles. But in the end, I was able to progress after some thought about things. I Wanted a better ending though of course, so I played it again, but I didn't feel like any puzzle was TOO far ""out there"" in terms of obtuseness. It is a point-and-click game, so there's always SOME degree of click-spamming the whole screen in frustration, but I felt it was at a minimum with this one.I'd buy a sequel for sure."
,Recommended,227000,29482396,Posted: 25 January,all,Beerit,"One of the best adventure games of recent years, if not ever. Smart, funny, well-written, thought-provoking, and beautiful. First game I ever bought for a friend as a gift."
76561198012091379,Recommended,227000,29677925,Posted: 3 February,all,superbob,An amazing story. Highly recommend.
76561197960383789,Recommended,227000,29738822,Posted: 6 February,all,HinDL,"Nice story, good voicing, good puzzles. All in all just a pleasent experience"
76561198028997078,Recommended,227000,30494716,Posted: 13 March,all,arvidsson,Excellent puzzle game with a nice dystopian atmosphere with a sprinkle of humour on top.
,Recommended,227000,31939128,Posted: 24 May,all,NoPantsBaby,"10/10 amazing in everyway. A setting that oozes with dark dystopian mystery with a plot twist within a plot twist. Plotception!The buzzfeed title parody out of the way simply put this is a game with a beautiful art direction to flesh out a world that has it's own intricate lore and rules upon which it's inhabitants function. You will love them for their wit, their complaining about the day to day drudge and their cold emotionless processors trying to live on in a world that is harsher than it should be.A dystopian noir sort of story about an amnesiac robot just trying to get a power core to make it through the next cycle who uncovers not only his past, but the dark secret of the city of robots. Get it now. It's good!!!"
76561198009025108,Recommended,227000,33279660,Posted: 5 July,all,Gozu,I really enjoyed it .
76561198044703442,Recommended,227000,33282379,Posted: 5 July,all,Meto,The Artwork and story are amazing. The puzzles are tricky and a few times I need to check out the walkthrough.A games which I will remember for a long time.
76561198138211911,Recommended,227000,33359156,Posted: 7 July,all,claberightback,"I loved it,  from the inventive storyline, great voice acting, variety of locations and the puzzles are really creative - and quite hard at times! Wadjet Eye never disappoints, they do create amazing games"
76561198079945880,Recommended,227000,33560748,Posted: 15 July,all,Ultra Sol,"Primordia - The most enjoyable game I've played in a whileWell where to begin? I purchased Primordia initially just because I was captivated by the games art style and aesthetic that I saw on the steam store page. The murky, decayed and organic (almost HR Giger-esque in places) qualities of the scenes and designs caught my eye immediately.In short summary Primordia is a world run by robots - man has vanished. Everything is slowly decaying and power - the lifeblood of the machines and robots who inhabit this world - is running low.What first struck me when I first played the game beyond the look of it was the quality of the voice acting - especially of the lead character Horatio Nullbuilt (played by Logan Cunningham who also voice acted the narrator in Bastion). Other stand outs for me included your limb challenged sidekick good ol' Crispin, and my personal favourite the medieval old English speaking Ever-Faithful Leobuilt.There are some deep theological questions and revelations in this game centring around the relationship between man and machine that I won't spoil here. That there are subtle parallels to our own world I also found to be clever and well executed.Although the tone of the game is pretty depressing, it is counterbalanced by a ton of humour - usually provided by your best friend and ever complaining sidekick Crispin. Listening to some his dialogue genuinely made me laugh (which is an achievement in itself since I'm generally a miserable b'sod).As it is a point and click adventure game I best mention the puzzles. On the whole they are fine and make sense with a bit of lateral thinking although I did have to resort to a guide once to get past a particularly tricky one. However, in this genre of game I would accuse the developer of not making it hard enough if I wasn't having at least one instance of  being completely at a loss! I reckon it builds character...The game has multiple ways of solving particular puzzles and also multiple ending which is nice. If you're anything like me you'll want to play through a couple of times at least to see them all.In conclusion, I would rate Primordia as one of the best point and click adventure games I've ever played and up there right beside one of my other favouritesThe Dig. More than that though I would rate it as one of the most enjoyable and involving games I've played for the last couple of years. I just wish there was a sequel in the works! The world, setting and characters of Primordia are too good not to revisit.In the words of the sad robot:I AM WAITING"
,Recommended,227000,33596107,Posted: 16 July,all,saguaro66,"Wowzers. What a play! Brains over brawn in this old school point and click. A fantastic mix of artwork and engaging story. Puzzles were challenging, requiring some thinking. Atmosphere and voice acting were enjoyable! A very rewarding game for those looking for a challenge."
76561197982283319,Recommended,227000,33603211,Posted: 17 July,all,PáяÄиΘíд,"An instant classic. Cannot recommend highly enough for fans of the point & click adventure genre. Some puzzles have multiple solutions, multiple endings, quality voice acting, engaging story, entertaining dialogue. What are you waiting for? Buy this, you will not regret it."
76561197990136486,Recommended,227000,33636121,Posted: 18 July,all,JRG,"Picked up in a Steam sale, fantastic game having finished it i'd definitely have paided full price for it."
76561198063137438,Recommended,227000,33695665,Posted: 21 July,all,Technician,"Well, I just beat the game for the first time, and am sure I got one of the bad endings. Seeing as how I have only gone through about half of the achievements, and want a better ending, I'll probably be playing this again.The puzzles were fun, challenging, but did pass under strong thought. I am eager to play through again to see if I can make some better decisions on another try, since I was learning about the game on the first try. Cool story, and a lot of text to drive it, but this is an adventure game. This is to be expected.I like it.It's not an overly exciting game from an action perspective. The main draws will be the narrative, puzzles, and trying to sort through the implied different endings. I didn't follow a guide at all, and I will likely not do so for at least one or two more plays.After one play-through, I still feel like there are quite a lot of loose ends."
,Recommended,227000,6500181,"Posted: 12 February, 2013",all,demented_in_va,"Beautifully done, despite being made with pixels. These aren't the pixels of old, though, and the highly detailed backgrounds and characters will pull you in. Multiple endings, a rich world history and mythology, hours of replay, and the low cost makes it a great deal."
,Recommended,227000,8418364,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,8one6,I can honestly say this is one of the best point and click adventure games I've played.
76561198060668694,Recommended,227000,8605875,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,MurKMaideR,"A beautiful point and click adventure. Emerse yourself in a futuristic, yet retro world where everything is alien. Long story short, if you enjoy storyline, brainstorming puzzles and robots, you'll thoroughly enjoy this game. Highly recommend to casual players and people who like a good adventure."
76561198034664624,Recommended,227000,9361429,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Byg Dyck John,"Awesome game! From the great soundtrack, to the visually appealing art style, this game really hit the spot for me. The storyline is compelling, and the multiple endings are great. The characters really come to life through the dialogue, and they have great personalities... I legitimately felt sad when one of the characters died. Overall, Primordia is one of those games that you ought to own. It makes you think, not just about what to do next, but also about HOW you should go about doing it. Will be playing this game again."
,Recommended,227000,11050377,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,orenjiakira,"It's a cool story, It's a really cool story. Also, the difficulty is just right. Idk. I just really like games that are story-focused but aren't a B-type action movie. This one is really good if you like thinking! Like, the riddles and puzzles were interesting to solve, but not impossible to find. The main character is voiced by Bastion's narrator, Logan Cunningham, which is definitely something to look foward to. I like the fact that you don't get unnecessarily killed too, unlike Another World. Also, the pixel art is BEAUTIFUL.Bad things? Well, it's just a story. Point and click away, nothing more. And a terminal input riddle near the end, which I liked very very much, I guess if you really like action in a videogame this isn't for you. Still gives you a thrill during the climax. This story is GOOD I tell you. Totally worth your every penny. Well, if you like the genre. Also, it's cyberpunk! How can you NOT like cyberpunk????"
,Recommended,227000,12029561,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Otecknat,"Setting a high bar for adventure games: Great script/voice acting, ambient world, cool music, original aesthetics. This mechanical tale, of cogs turning, hydraulics creaking and algorithms running, touched my fleshy heart."
,Recommended,227000,13401532,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Crayling,Nicely made
,Recommended,227000,13552981,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MaxKorylus,Best of the classic style point&click adventure games!
76561198028911545,Recommended,227000,16718609,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Primus,"Silly humour and neat story, really enjoyed it.I'm not sure on their decision to making a game in this day and age for a 320x200 CRT screen though, and have to upscale it on you screen. Is it just trying to capture the look of old games for old times sake?I assume the art would have been drawn at higher resolution to start with, why not keep it like that instead of downgrading it into pixels? The only reason games use to look like that was because that's all they were capable of.Would have been nice to have the option to choose the original art of the downsampled pixel art.Or is it some twisted joke +_+ since the game talks about the future and technology?"
,Recommended,227000,16822178,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ChubbyDaedric,"There's a Fallout Easter Egg in this game and that itself is awesome, the story is very nice and the dialogues between the robot bros is amazing as well as with the other bots, some puzzles are sooo cryptic that can definately lose my will to keep going on. Specially in the city part. I played it for more than 5 hours but due to technical difficulties i played the rest offline. Good game I really loved it, i got it on sale and think that i should have gotten it full priced honestly. GG."
76561198012419488,Recommended,227000,19100601,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,TPETb,"I can hardly remeber such an enjoyable experience for science fiction fan or anyone lusting for intellectual pleasure.The game delivers in every single way: story, humour, drama, allusions (""this sheet really ties room together"", or the robot on a bus stop and others), the setting, artitstic touch, sound, music.It is reasonably complex. It's not an easy jorney and not a hard-core point-n-click experience, it's in a sweet spot, golden middle. I'm not a huge fan of games of such genre but I play time to time, and it is quite casual to google solution/walkthough soon enough. Not the case for Primordia. Actually I was capable of beating the game without google at all - only for achievements and some hidden story lines.Certainly recommend! The game is rated ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" by community and this is really deserved."
,Recommended,227000,19491203,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,DanGraf,"The best point-and-click adventure I've ever played. Not the longest, or the funniest, but definitely my favourite. If you like well-designed puzzles, well written characters and truly unique stories this is for you."
76561198042991243,Recommended,227000,19534979,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,fatsukes,"I'm going out of my way to write this review and recomend this game. I usually don't play point-click games, but this game has changed my perspective on the genre. The atmosphere and story are wonderfully bleak yet compelling, and the characters are well designed, with clever, well written dialouge.If you're looking for a good point-click game, look no further."
,Recommended,227000,24207630,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,JulgranSkillz,Must haverecommended for Undertale fans.
,Recommended,227000,26121367,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,newblood40,Has many sad endings. Fun to play though. Make you cry if you're as sensitive as me.
,Recommended,227000,26892729,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Impsmash,"Truly a masterpiece that hasn't been shown enough in light. A gem in the rough, and albeit it is a little rough around the edges I truly did enjoy my brief time in it. I just wish they added more! I won't spoil anything but if it is ever on sale (like it is now for $2), it won't be a waste of money! :)"
,Recommended,227000,28284042,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ＲＥＯＮＡＲＤ,"So what happensafterthe robots take over the world?Primordiais here to answer that question. This amazing point-and-click game takes place on a dystopian Earth at an unspecified point in history. The few humans that remain have fled underground, living in low-g bunkers and looking at a once-green Earth through pictures and little garden chambers. Over the years, we have faded into myth, and now the Earth is ruled by our creations, some of who worship our memory as a creed called ""Humanism.""You are Horatio Nullbuilt, a wasteland-dwelling robot of undeterminate origin whose only companion is Crispin Horatiobuilt, a floating, armless robot with an endless supply of sarcastic remarks. Together, they lived a pretty uneventful life. They were trying to fix up a crashed airship, a relic of the long-forgotten War of the Four Cities, so they could at last fly away from the Dunes and go wherever they want. Unfortunately, their progress is halted when a mysterious robot named Scraper shows up and ""plunders"" their power core--an item they cannot survive without. When trying to find power in the Dunes fails, they have no choice but to travel to Metropol, the last city, where their power core has been taken. To make matters worse, an anceint robot named MetroMind has claimed your power core for the betterment of the city, since it is crumbling under her inept rule and she needs all the power she can get.From there, it is up to you how the story ends. Choose carefully, your every move has consequences.The voice-acting is masterfully done. Every character is unique and full of personality. The story and lore are very well-crafted as well. Unraveling the mystery of the world you're in never fails to be fascinating, and if you play through it just right, the ending is beautiful and cathartic.Like my review? Check out myCuratorpage!"
,Recommended,227000,28428822,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Tadej,"Excellent writing, good puzzles, wonderful art."
76561198000650881,Recommended,227000,28574172,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,uxerus,"Nice oldschool adventure. However, playing it on 1920x1080 monitor is a pain."
76561198070988914,Recommended,227000,29063308,Posted: 6 January,all,fede1989,"It was a great game, i loved how you can solve a puzzle in different was, altering the game ending."
76561197980409388,Recommended,227000,12234436,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,[Wolve]Xepidas,"This game was extremely fun and challenging. Every now and then it took me a bit to figure out some of the puzzles, but that in and of itself makes the game great. The story is evolving and kept me feeling involved with the characters. I won't spoil anything, because I think anyone would enjoy this game. Thank you for this game."
,Recommended,227000,13964709,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,V. Chimera,"By far, one of the better (if not best) Point and Click games I've ever played. With several hidden easter eggs, a unique, well written, and deeply entrancing Storyline, and several well written jokes to lighten the mood at times. You grow to care about the charactors, and there are many paths and options, including multiple endings and even ending outcomes. Your actions define the end of the game, from early choices all the way down to the final and last choice you make, all add to overall feeling of completion when you see the ending cutscene.The soundtrack is no slouch and helps build atmosphere and keeps a very ""Wizards"" end of the world vibe throughout. There is even a Graphic novel about the game (search Youtube~)  Brass tacks; If you like simple to play but rewarding games, well written storys, funny banter, well placed and iconic Easter Eggs, multiple solutions to problems, and even small yet interesting side stories, you will love this game. For a simple point and click, its got a lot to offer.Well worth the buy.  I completely Support and recommend this game~"
,Recommended,227000,14978853,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Murakumo,"I'll start this review by saying that this is the best point-and-click game I've ever played in my entire life.What makes this game so special is how the story develops and the awesome caracther design.SPOILER ALERT:The story begins with Horatio and Crispin on top of the UNNIC, a half broken airship that has seen better days.Horatio is fixing the telescope on that resides on top of said ship, when suddenly he hears a strange noise comming from down bellow.Appon entering the room, he is now faced with the fact that there is a giant robot that has claws and shoots lasers ( you will probably get the joke if you have played the game ) that invaded his ship by cutting a hole in it.The giant robot demands that Horatio ""forfeits"" and that he hands over his power core, Horatio does not give in to the robots demands and the following shoots Horatio in the chest region with a lazer beam.From then on, Horatio and his side kick crispin set off to find out who this robot was and where he went, so that they can get their power core back.Now let me tell you something, at this point I was already hooked on the story and I was like ""okay let's continue playing for a bit more"". That ""bit"" more turned into hours and hours of continuously playing this game. This game just throws at you the mix of a great story line + good caracther development + Not too hard to figure out but still good puzzles and great comedy. It doesn't have the same funny tone all the time howeverWhen Horatio and Crispin fail to find a power source in the wastelands they are forced to head to Metropol, the self proclamed city of glass and light. ""Free power for one and all"" is what they advertise and they do have power for everyone, but it does come with a price. When Horatio and Crispin step out of the red line train, Horatio finds a robot who collects 1 megacycle from him. At the time, Horatio has no idea of what a megacycle is, but he does find out eventually that the megacycles are brain power, we could also call it processing power. Anyways, the story goes along and Horatio finds out that his power core is stored on the big tower where Metromind is. He then goes on to try and get it back and that's when things take a darker turn. BUUUUUT I don't want to spoil the ending for anyone who might have read the spoil alert and then thinks to theirselfs ""you know what, Imma read it anyways"".The story is great, the caracthers are great, the puzzles are excellent and there are multiple endings which means you can replay the game and let me tell you, you will want to replay the game because it is so damn good!I would rate it an honest 9.5/10 , I would even dare to give it a 10/10 .Amazing game and for 10 euros, it is a bargain of a lifetime"
,Recommended,227000,15415226,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,RuySan,"Wow, another great entry into this new golden age of adventure games. Primordia does so many things right, stuff that should be common in every game of this genre, like multiple solutions to puzzles, branching paths and multiple endings.Both the story and atmosphere are great, and Crispin, the sidekick, serves not only as a great jokester, but also as a nice hint system that ensures that we are not left wandering aimlessly, like in many old adventure games.The game is quite short, but it’s better for it, as it doesn’t suffer from overreach, and it achieves the goal of telling a good story and exploring interesting themes.There’s not many downsides to this game, but one particular puzzle, near the end of the game (involving a kiosk), annoyed me, and didn’t played by the same rules as the rest of the game. I also thought that the voice of Horatio never felt appropriate for a robot (it’s the same actor as the main character of Gemini Rue, but in that case it fit great) , but it’s just a minor quibble. The rest of the cast and characters are great."
,Recommended,227000,16255197,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Pilot4Jesus,This game is incredible! Amazing storyline and characters. I've played it four or five times and it doesn't get old!
76561197995217572,Recommended,227000,16387627,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ipseitet,"A refreshing original adventure game with strangely charming retro-graphics despite the desolate environments devoid of living things. You play as a robot in a post-apocalyptic world, where robots of varying degrees of sentience, function and design remain after humanity become extinct. Exploring and learning more about the world is compelling, the puzzles are well enough designed, you have a companion that is both useful and funny and the game is just long enough that it doesn't overstay its welcome.A small gem of an adventure game. Much recommended - don't let the seemingly crude and perhaps initially offputting graphics deter you."
76561197969622138,Recommended,227000,22622249,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Thradar,"Harken's back to the point and click adventure days of LucasArts and Sierra that were popular through the 1990s.  If you love the retro look and gameplay, you'll certainly love Primordia....a mix of dystopian, steampunk, cyberpunk, and robots."
,Recommended,227000,25894486,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,peace was not an option,"Story: 9/10Design: 3/10I came for the story, because I don't like retro-pixel-games in general. But the story was good, I loved it. I loved the characters and the atmosphere. Also yes, some of the puzzlez were hard to the point where I asked myself 'how should I have figured that?'. Nevertheless, I managed to get to the end andlook through all three endings.But oh-my-god the choise of the font. You can't take the text with the font like this out of the box expecting it to look good. Comic sans would look nicer, honestly. (Or Courier.) Fallout 1-2 put the text into the box, and it looks whole and readable. On the other side, maybe it's a problem of expectable screen resolution. Text looks jammed and chewed. WIth other stuff I can live."
,Recommended,227000,27748620,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr. Skeletal,"One of the best singleplayer games I have ever played, it's up there with the Mass Effect serie!"
,Recommended,227000,28498683,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,M4keSh1ft,"The visual design really suits this game and provides a very immersive atmosphere, and to pair that up with such a captivating story, makes this truly an amazing game. It has you wanting for answers.. and when you finally get them, you'll be wanting for more, but that's all you're gonna get, it leaves the rest for you to wonder.Totally worth the 10€ I spent on this."
,Recommended,227000,28797572,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dair,"I liked this little game. It could be a little bit longer maybe but I guess I can still give it a second run later - with the developer commentary turned on and with trying to find out the solution for a few ""side stories"" i missed.  Puzzles and solutions did make sense which was quite refreshing. In a whole game there was only one point where I really needed to look the solution up*.Sometimes the game engine is a little choppy, especially in scenes with parallax scrolling attempts, which is funny with all the power computers have nowadays. I see the 320*200 -ish resolution is kind of intentional ""retro style"" but the engine does not have to :). After seeing some concept art which obviously was not low-res I even wonder whether it would harm the game If it was made in high resolution... The current result is still fine. So, I guess it was not the worst decision anyway.All in all, a very good adventure game. With the current Steam sale price any adventure games lover should give it a try.*The kiosk ""puzzle"": Art? Seriously, ART? It could easilly be any random word! :)"
76561198102717183,Recommended,227000,28815071,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Berserkwulf,Beautiful. Entertaining. Lovely. Different. No much else to say.
76561198046859840,Recommended,227000,28816021,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,OP WW1 Shauffel,Great game at first I thought ok this game is going to be poorly put together with a spaztic story line but i was pleasantly surprized to discover apart from its classic pc game difficulty there was a strong and deep story well exceeding the 1.99 price tag i paid for it on christmas sales Highly reccommend  this game my only wish is that there was a sequel or more games like it Bravo well done developers!!
,Recommended,227000,28840132,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ruefrost,"If you enjoy dark dystopian sci-fi, beautiful artwork, and a storybook gameplay I highly recommend you try Primordia!As a point-and-click storybook game, Primordia does not dissappoint. It's smart, well-illustrated, and presents a compelling story. The writers took care to build an internally consistent world complete with mythology and believable motives. It's a world I would not be dissappointed to return to in a follow-up title.There is an obvious retro-feel that permeates not only the art style, but also the story and game-mechanic. Primordia's writing reminds me of 1980s robot sci-fi including a few text-based games from that era. The art is clearly influenced by visual work from that period including Lynch's Dune. There are multiple endings, and I enjoyed that the best of them still presented a dark and morally clouded set of choices for the main character.The only criticism I have of Primordia is the same criticism I have of similar point-and-click games; many of the inventory combinations and item uses are not intuitive and are occassionally inconsistent. Also, while the side-kick character was a wise choice for an in-game hint system, his personality occassionally feels out of place. FYI: There were also 2 achievements which I believe I met the criteria for but did not recieve. Probably not a bug, but other reviewers have had the same problem."
76561198150898237,Recommended,227000,28848321,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,flightofmorning,"This game is absolutely fantastic. I don't think I can do it justice here, but I will try.This game is a work of art. It's very fun and the puzzles are stimulating, but the real treasure is in the dialogue and the world. This game explores the nature of religion, justice, and creation in a post-human, post-apocalyptic world. It's so achingly beautiful. I also literally cried at the end. It's a rare story that can reduce me to tears, but this one did it.Mechanically this game is great as well. The music and the voice acting are wonderful, and the graphics are perfect for the story. The game flows well, and I think it was a good length. The character arc of Horatio was fantastic and satisfying - any longer and I think the game would lose some of the power of its narration.The details are what really make this game. Explore everything. Talk a lot to Crispin. Right-click on everything. Go through all dialogue options. This world is compelling, and beautiful, and utterly desolate. Horatio, the protagonist, is similarly compelling, beautiful, and desolate. If you're looking through the reviews because Primordia's on sale, please just buy it. You will 100% not regret it, I promise."
,Recommended,227000,8656983,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Legendary Teeth,"This is a great dystopian adventure game. Went very nicely with reading the Transformers comics.If you like adventure games, and you like robots, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,227000,9145796,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,mr K,"This is an incredible old-style point and click adventure. It has beautiful backgrounds, great characters with an amazing voice-over, smart dialog and a rich and original setting. It´s hard, it´s intelligent, it´s a must-play."
,Recommended,227000,9398097,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,herby19571,"Short but good. A few of the puzzles had me going to the internet for help, but most of it can be solved with logic. Slightly complex logic, but still logic. Every problem has a simple solution, and you'll feel like an idiot more than once before the games through. Great point and click adventure"
,Recommended,227000,9874408,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,"""the"" Chase",Very memorable game. Messed my head once you reflect on it lol
,Recommended,227000,28888069,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MagnanimousAnt,"Fun from start to finish, although I needed a hint for the ""poem"" puzzle."
,Recommended,227000,34317072,Posted: 17 August,all,Fyreee,"Hands down one of my favorite Point & Click games of all time. The art style and atmosphere is stunning, the soundtrack is phenomenal, and the story and characters provide very entertaining dialogue and a deep backstory."
76561198102808034,Recommended,227000,34730664,Posted: 4 September,all,boom,"Fun little point and click.  The time played is because of going back a couple times to do the achievements, but before that, there are a finite number of items (and unlike lots of other PaC's not much else to distract you or try to trick you)so i blew through the game pretty quick.That being said, i really liked the artwork (despite being pixelated) and the storyline was very cool.  Put that together with a G.E.C.K. reference and i give this one a thumbs up."
,Recommended,227000,35494635,Posted: 5 October,all,Slerth,This is the best game I have everplayed.Even after all this time I still think back to this game and how I wish there was a sequel.However there are a few glitches that I experienced I still don't think it is anything to get inbetween you and a good game.
76561198038367822,Recommended,227000,23489475,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Orangutan Titties,A puzzle game without any moon logic or soup can solving. Death of man/10. Would fix robots again.
76561198031765203,Recommended,227000,8503745,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SleepThieff,"Primordia is a sci-fi, futuristic, post-apocalyptic story where you play as a robot named Horatio. In the world of Primordia robots run the planet; ""Man"" is but long forgotten and a thing only of legend. The puzzles are decently hard but not overbearing. Some puzzles actually have multiple solutions and the game has multiple endings. There is a built in hint system that you have the option of using. The hints gently nudge you in the correct direction but do not give obvious answers. I liked how the story pokes fun/satirizes modern day society and its views on religion without making it overly obvious. It was done subtley and in good taste. The story is just really well done; it is one of my favorites and certainly memorable. Primordia isn't just a well designed game; it is also beautiful, sad, and poetic. Overall, definitely another great title from Wadjet Eye.Side note - There is an option to turn on commentary from the writers. I highly recommend turning on the commentary if you are enjoying the game - it provides a ton of context and for me made the experience even more so enjoyable.9.5/10Please upvote this review if you found it useful :)"
76561197976743217,Recommended,227000,10163669,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Darpachief2.0,It's cool! Bladerunner meets Broken sword!
,Recommended,227000,14147334,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,PaulDoymin,9/10
,Recommended,227000,18240436,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Vivi,This is easly one of the best games that I have ever played.
,Recommended,227000,1093062,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Primordia is a modern point and click game. It draws parallels to classic games in the genre, and it's aesthetic greatly reminds me of the game ""Dark Seed"". It takes place in a post apocalpytic world where humans have gone extinct. The main character is an android named Horatio who undergoes a quest that leads him to discovering his origins and why the world ultimately ended.It's a nice enough game in general, and it's engine reminds me quite a lot of Scumm. Of course it's not a particularly difficult game, and without prior interest in the genre it will just collect dust on your harddrive."
,Recommended,227000,26744649,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,The Derpy One,"This was a difficult game to get into, but the story line made it worth it to keep going. It's a similar playstyle to games such as Spy Fox/Freddie Fish/Putt Putt but harder. This is not a game that you play for the graphics. Don't be afraid to google hints for when you're stuck.Pros: Plot, humor in the writingCons: Graphics, difficulty"
,Recommended,227000,27669404,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ason,"This beautiful pixel game tells the story of Horatio Nullbuilt, who, in the search of energy for his home, finds something out about his true origin. Set in a dystopia that you just do not want to leave, Primordia offers funny and still emotional writing that comes with a set of diverse characters.One of the best adventure games I've played in some time!"
76561197998322894,Recommended,227000,27989462,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mister Chris,An instant classic for me. The story telling really gripped me.
76561198026300134,Recommended,227000,18034265,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Magnus,"Great classic point-n-click adventure, with an amazing athmosphere and writing. A bit too short though, but totally worth the price."
76561198028004126,Recommended,227000,24400223,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Meowfurion (Marty),"I can say, without any exaggeration, that this is hands down one of the best adventure games I have ever played in my 40 years of life. I binge played it in a day from start to finish and I could not stop. It's amazing. 5 alternate endings, multiple ways to solve certain puzzles, amazing storyline, beautiful ambience and timeline, and fantastic ""life lesson."" 10/10. I wish I could lobotimize myself and forget this game and play it again from the beginning."
,Recommended,227000,27664962,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ddrcan,This is one of my favorite adventure games ever. I loved the old Lucas Arts games like The Dig and this reminds me of those. The characters and story are intriguing and the voice acting is great. I really hope we can get a sequel some day!
,Recommended,227000,32369868,Posted: 12 June,all,Eleven Bravo,"Excellent point and click game.  Rich environment with an interesting story. Brings back the old days of Kings Quest, Space Quest, Police Quest. Highly recommend."
76561197993486102,Recommended,227000,30096615,Posted: 22 February,all,ItsHarblCode,GOOD WRITIN' WORTH ALL THE CLICKIN'
76561197992111055,Recommended,227000,9089354,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,safetake,I really really like this game. The writing is very good and the world is very interesting. It is a little short but it is super cool. GG.
,Recommended,227000,17913676,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Avolition,I got lost in this story.  Fabulous.
,Recommended,227000,9793033,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,FonzermanXIII,"Good story. Enjoyable. Play it. That is all.Seriously, I understand the main character, I know when someone steals my things I go to a distant city, solve the riddles of my own creation and blow stuff up."
76561198012962211,Recommended,227000,2810819,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Tallowhand,"A bleak and beautiful post-apocalyptic sci-fi story in the vein of the classic adventure games of yore! No deaths, no irredeemable mistakes -- the fun is in trying to solve the puzzles and unravel the mystery. Should appeal to fans of The Dig, the Sam & Max and Monkey Island games, the King's Quest series, etc."
,Recommended,227000,5056612,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"Finished Primordia. I think there are a few things I didnt uncover or explore, but overall, I feel I got a good playing experience with the game. As with all point and click adventures, there were some frustrating moments trying to figure out where I missed something, but it was still quite a bit of fun. The story was pretty cool overall. The graphics were nice enough, and there were plenty of quirky and comical moments. Definitely a good game...not a 5 star effort, but definitely 3.5 or 4 stars for sure."
,Recommended,227000,23999700,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SajBear,I like it.
76561198164016063,Recommended,227000,19993570,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Artemur,"pros:-excellent voice acting.- likeable characters- an interesting and complex sci fi storycons:- bad graphics, bad art style and low resolution.- puzzles are difficult and some puzzle solutions too obscure.- dreary atmosphere.- Steam achievements makes no sense.despite i wasn't too much enjoyed from this game, i don't want to give a thumbs down. i think Primordia still a decent adventure game but because of some hard to solve/nonsensical puzzles and pixelated graphics i could't fully enjoyed and got in to the story."
76561197990087355,Recommended,227000,23876742,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Esarraf,This was a great three dollar game. Had a ton of fun going through it and I feel like I didint even do 70% of what there was to do. Could not see myslef buying it at full price but if you like point and click adventures then your gonna like this. (probably)
,Recommended,227000,16525332,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Meles Meles,"At first the game is all like ""HAVE SOME MORE FRAMES!""And I'm like ""No, that's okay, I still haven't totally explored these, and found all the objects""And then the game is like ""HAVE SOME MORE FRAMES!""And I'm like ""Really, no, it's alright. I'm still completely dumbfounded by the frames I already have""To which the game is like ""HAVE SOME MORE FRAMES!""And at that point I realize I'm totally ♥♥♥♥ed. I'm back to being 7 years old and trying to figure out The Secret of goddamn Monkey Island.Primordia doesn't want to be your friend as much as Wadjet Eyes own productions, and I don't think that's a good thing.. But it's still mostly worth it."
,Recommended,227000,14932534,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,╭Soli,"Primordia caught my eye due to its design, which I adore, in addition to the sci-fi, mechanical protagonist / world.The story and interactive aspects were also fresh and fun. You will find yourself searching for pixels, but you will also find yourself searching for clues within the dialogue.For the duration of the game, they kept the motif of ""a mechanical world"" to its fullest: with religion, culture, social echelons and political power born out of machine-esque beaurocracy.Since I am a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I do not think Primordia is worth 10$, I played it twice-thrice, and I found it to be a pretty short experience -- especially the ending, which felt like it came too soon. The middle section of the game is also burdened with swapping items for other items endlessly, which felt like a chore.Overall, I got it when it was on discount, and I encourage you to do the same."
,Recommended,227000,24511107,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Jonah!,"i thought i had won...... but i was wrong.............ten, out of ten."
,Not Recommended,227000,10490444,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Dyngle,"UPDATE (June 2017):After replaying Primordia again, I have decided to keep my review as a negative one. I was simply more frustrated than I was intrigued and I found the puzzles to be exceedingly obtuse. I consider myself to be a very patient person, especially when it comes to video games and puzzles. However, I really could not get through this game. Some problems' solutions were just nonsensical and when I finally figured them out (a few took over 30 minutes of me just randomly clicking and searching), I was even more frustrated by the fact that they were supposed to be solved in that manner.To give specific examples,the oil on the table that Oswald is drinking was extremely misleading. Crispin tells you that he saw oil in that area to clean the gears and that's the only oil you can actually interact with. Horatio says that Oswald won't let you take it, so it leads you to believe that you must do something to obtain it. However, you are supposed to give the gears to the shopkeeper, even though Horatio says something along the lines of, ""There's no point in talking to him."" It took me about half an hour to finally stumble upon the idea of giving it to the shopkeeper arm, because I had done just about everything else possible. Additionally, the floating pile of junk in the underworks that contains Oswald's chain and the Gospel of Man is hardly distinguishable from the gunk around it. It would be nice if the pile shined every few seconds or something to indicate that it's not just another collection of useless garbage in the Underworks. Or you could even have Crispin say something like ""I thought I saw something shiny by the bridge where Clarity shot that husk."" Also, the transmission code that you have to send to Factor ""0518"" was quite confusing considering you were given the code ""518"" and you only have a 4-digit transmitter. Of course, ""0518"" seems like the sensible first thing to do, but previously in the game when you were given a 3-digit code, you had to find the prefix number for it; ""0XXX"" would not work. My final gripe, where I stopped in this most recent playthrough, is the ""Redlien"" haiku in the kiosk terminal. Not only is it obscure and seemingly meaningless, Crispin's 'advice' is something similar toit seemed like you could read that Redline poem in two different ways, as if that helps at all. It didn't. I think I spent another 30 minutes on the ""Redlien"" puzzle, just rereading it and clicking on Crispin a bunch of times to no avail.I eventually decided I wasn't having any fun and I should just stop. I should mention that I really enjoy the story as well as the writing. Horatio and Crispin are extremely likeable when they aren't repeating 'clues' that don't help with the puzzles. Ireallywanted to enjoy this game; if I didn't I wouldn't have replayed it. I simply couldn't get over the confusing puzzles. Maybe I would recommend this for someone who doesn't mind reading a walkthrough every step of the way, but I just didn't have much fun playing this.Original Review (June 2014):Primordia is a point and click game that has beautiful artwork and immersive music. The story is enjoyable and I encountered zero bugs. The characters are well-developed and the occasional humor is pretty funny. Sounds awesome, right? Well, there's just one problem: I didn't have fun. As I played I felt more annoyed by the puzzles than I felt happy that I completed them. Because as soon as you fix a problem, PLOP new thing for you to fix! At first, Crispin's (your comedic companion) hints helped but when you get farther he seems to just tell you what you already know. The items you must obtain are typically in places that you wouldn't expect, and the hitboxes for them are typically small. This game just drives you to the point where you try to use every item on every object, even if it doesn't make sense, to see if that will work. I found myself sitting there trying to combine my crowbar with my memory pouch. What will that do? Nothing. But I HAD to try it because I've done everything else. And then it turns out all you had to do was something simple but there was no way you could have known about it. This game has so many amazing qualities; I wanted to like it so bad. But I just couldn't. It's just not fun. Overall, I just found this game more frustrating than satisfying. If you've got the ten bucks and you LOVE point and click puzzle adventures, go for it. You might like it. But for the average gamer, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198006363388,Recommended,227000,10594399,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CoLS Firestar,"Buy this. If you're not a fan of point and click adventure games, then use a simple walkthrough. (I did at the end because, lazy and I didn't want to miss anything) It's a solid game with an interesting story that's worth it."
,Recommended,227000,15315355,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Dyne,Fantastic story and puzzles. I am a huge fan of all of WadjetEye's adventure games and this one does not disappoint.
,Recommended,227000,20778475,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TN Hoff,"A mysterious past is slowly unveiled in a post-apocalyptic art-noveau cyberpunk world.If you like robots, themes of AI, and/or adventure games - especially classic ones - this game is for you.The game follows the pretty standard adventure mechanic - click on things to make things happen - sometimes click on things with things from your inventory, or mix things in your inventory together until they become clickable on other things.  Take notes.  (Most of which actually happens for you with the in-game ""data-pad"".)  Solve puzzles with said notes.The game runs at 640x400 resolution - which can be off-putting to some, but really lends to the retro-adventure feel of the game, and I've come to love it.  (On my 1080p tv, it won't actually fill up the whole screen, but it doesn't really bother me.)  That said - I highly recommend going into the options menu and chosing the ""DX"" display mode as opposed to D3D if it works for you - the sprites mesh with the backgrounds much better this way in my opinion.  DOS nostalgia!What really shines in Primordia is the story - and the art.  They come together to create a fascinating atmosphere that makes me want to revisit the game again and again - and the developer commentary is great on a second or third playthrough.  The excellent voice acting and seven or so potential endings don't hurt, either.  (The narrator from Bastion plays the main character - and the sidekick that follows you through the game is entertaining at every turn.)  The music and sound mesh well with the art to create an engrossing atmosphere - despite the retro low-res graphics.There aren't many puzzles in the ""puzzle game"" sense - but there is plenty of puzzling to be done in the game in terms of figuring out how things fit together, what things mean, and what the significance of certain items or pieces of information may be.  The story is mostly linear, but there are a few opportunities to take different approaches to solve situations - especially near the end.  Observation and careful contemplation are rewarded.The setting is in the distant future in a post-human world - no organic life is to be found anywhere - even the bugs and little things swimming in the sewers are machines - but make no mistake, they have lives and thoughts of their own, and are no less interesting than any human character.  And for the robot fan, there are references to other robots from both popular and obscure culture everywhere - along with a videogame reference or two.  MST3K, Short Circuit, Metropolis, and Fallout - just to name a few.I would highly recommend this game to any fan of classic graphic adventures, narrative-driven games, or robots."
76561197992615560,Recommended,227000,25262646,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Stormbrooke,"If story is more important for you in a game than mechanics or visuals than you will enjoy Primordia as it is a decently written story.> Great game lore / interesting setting> Great plot and semi twist if you don't see it coming, I enjoyed the little seeds throughout the game like the ship being named ""UNIIC""(VGER anyone?).If the writer reads this not that I minded the ending but I think the twist would have had even more punch if Horus had followed through with his mission instead of Metromind carrying it out, big bad being the big bad is not as fun of a twist as the good guy was the bad guy. Would have made the final choice more interesting and a more interesting realization for the player ""I'm a humanist trying to save humanity but I killed them?"", my two cents as a wannabe writer, was still good though> Main character deals with interesting themes, and can choose different paths, ""Progress needs transformation needs art needs freedom"" reminded me of 'what can change the nature of a man' from Planescape: Torment... was interesting to think about it, as were the logical arguments of the robots> Sidekick character is more funny and likeable than most comedic relief companion characters, reminded me a lot of Morte from Planescape:Torment while still being unique and memorable as his own characterI felt a great deal of loss after he died, almost found myself getting angry like the main character and strongly felt his absense in the scenes following his death, great immersion!Mild Cons:> Puzzles were okay, not overly hard or easy. I enjoyed the logic puzzles more so than go search a map for random item (I could see others minding those quests less), the wingman quest though had me chuckle> Game is short, 9 hrs for me with frequent pauses leaving the game running while I took breaks> Graphics are reto pixels but not bad if you zoom out, took my eyes a bit to adjust in the beginningFor me money well spent, memorable story."
,Recommended,227000,25594507,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,shurik9,Awesome atmospheric quest
,Recommended,227000,27745155,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,StrangeAK47,"i got this on sale good valuepoint and click adventure in a world where the human race has been wiped out by war and robots have to cope with the struggle for power. you are a bad♥♥♥♥♥robot, with a menacing hood and full length jacket who lives the simple life with your cheesey comic relief side-kick scavenging the wastes. then one day that all changes.good art stylegood story with a couple of endings.good sound and musicgood world designart style is similar to popular steampunk/cyberpunk/post apocolyptic movies/games while being unique (enough). the game features a good braching story not original by any means but gives a feeling of same b'sod different day. the world design is helped by the atmospherical music giving depth to the scene.cons:repetativedoes not output full hdslow movement between screensthis game has lot of back and forth within the city and not reusing the wastes makes the late game a bit boring and repetative, this is emphisized by the wait for the characters model to complete the walk animation (no double click skip)the graphics in this game are let down by the output quality i understand it is a retro art style game but i felt the backgrounds suffered for it aswell as having issues when i alt-tab out.i hope the dev update the backgrounds to the hd quality the game deserves and produce a sequel.in the end dispite its faults i enjoyed playing this game and i will play it again.  7/10"
76561198027150263,Recommended,227000,28316048,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,[TAM] Mekkael,Great atmosphere and writing..enjoyed it quite a bit actually!
76561198051894101,Recommended,227000,28915511,Posted: 1 January,all,nighitkillerx,awsomesauce . was impressed.
,Recommended,227000,30100167,Posted: 22 February,all,¯\ (ツ) /¯ 抱仁依留,Cool.
76561198037796122,Recommended,227000,31313120,Posted: 22 April,all,Herculux,One of the few games I actually played to the end. Very enjoyable. The post-apocaliptic setting is great.
,Recommended,227000,10528225,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Random Gaming,"The interplay between Horatio and Crispin as they push deeper into this pixelated robotic realm to recover their stolen goods is a high point in an adventure that feels like a bit of a slog despite its relatively short length. Primordia never quite sold me on its experience like other some of Wadget Eye Games' more impressive releases have in the past. It's certainly worth digging into for the beautiful settings and interesting characters, but the puzzles and story don't have that satisfying hook that makes you feel like it was worth all the effort."
76561198079109048,Recommended,227000,26444337,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,King Fu,"If this was a movie it would be Lord of the Rings, thats how epic it is. Its worth the price as it is but when it is on sale don't hesitate. It has one of the best stories a game could have, a story that has touching points with, may as well say, our future."
76561198091174252,Recommended,227000,33019228,Posted: 29 June,all,SadKat,What can i say... ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant
,Recommended,227000,9184042,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,shadow,"Liked the story, characters, voice-over and multiple endings. But it was a bit short."
,Recommended,227000,13440274,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,froglet,I love this game so incredibly much
,Recommended,227000,15653831,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Insomniac_Ren,Crispin is a bro.
76561198104181925,Recommended,227000,16334799,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DKirbi,"I am a huge fan of Point and Click games, from the DOTT and Monkey Island games. I am a huge fan of Wadjet Eye games and I usually buy all of their creations. So like all of the games I played through I'm going to review it in PROs and CONs. Or you can of course read the Verdict at the end.PROs:Beautiful pixel art graphicsIncredibly immersiveAwesome storylineReally good and unique Jokes especially if you're a computer geekYou have a floating companionA lot of content to explore and scenes to unlockMultiple choices to solve puzzlesMultiple endings (you should play all of them)Really really awesome ambient and musicb]CONs:[/b]Too shortShould be longerReally too shortSome parts of the game should be more explorableWE NEED MORE BACKSTORYVerdictIt's an incredibly beautiful game, with beautiful music and funny jokes. I really hope for a sequel or anything happening in the future. It has multiple choices of how to solve a puzzle, which is somewhat revolutionizing, since in the early games there was only one way to finish the game. Now I really want to replay some of the scenes because of different interactions. The one and only CON that I could think of is, that it's simply too short. I finished it in less than 20 hrs and after it I felt sad that it already ended. It had a lot of fun and interesting characters. Another awesome job you did there Wadjet Eye!"
76561198153154083,Recommended,227000,16408435,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,3R3BU5,"This game is incredibly engrossing. I simply could not stop playing once I started it. The artwork is beautiful and nostalgic, the story is darkly satisfying, and the post-apocalyptic world is phenomenal. It's so rewarding to solve all of the little puzzles and find funny little hints (the Fallout one made my day). I would HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone with the need for a good, profound story and a great brain teaser. Buy this game now!"
,Recommended,227000,17212758,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,"dare,",One of my favorite story based games of all time. The total aesthetic and art direction I really enjoyed and the voice acting added immensely to the already great atmosphere.I loved the puzzles and multiple endings and music.The world created is truly cool.I wish there were more games like this. Or a sequel.I can not find a fault in this game at all it is perfect.A 12/10 game.
76561198004778076,Recommended,227000,18678479,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Unic,Great Story! If you like dystopian sci-fi stories this is a must buy!
76561198088497934,Recommended,227000,29351212,Posted: 18 January,all,tabbysan,love it
76561198158689450,Recommended,227000,32030235,Posted: 28 May,all,Baker,Nice Game !!!
76561198390599969,Recommended,227000,34279596,Posted: 16 August,all,theshockcable,Pros:Great storyMultiple endingsPoint and ClickThe soundtrack is great!Cons:the second song that plays through the phonograph on the Unniic could be better.OVERALL:8/10Very story rich point and click !I enjoyed it!***I HAVE TO PUT THIS NOTICE FOR DUMB PEOPLE***I DON'T GIVE A CRAP ABOUT YOUR OPINION THIS IS MY REVIEW .YOU DON'T LIKE MY REVIEWS TOO BAD. WRITE YOUR OWN REVIEW.DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME COMMENTING ON MY REVIEWS.I WILL NOT READ IT!!I WILL JUST DELETE AND IGNORE . HAVE A GREAT DAY!
,Recommended,227000,13887601,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,celeste_ar,"Another Point & Click masterpiece from Wadjet Eye.Smart, quirky, mature dialogue and story.A haunting post-apocalyptic cyberpunk atmosphere reminicent of ""I have no mouth and i must scream"".Logical and streamlined puzzles, yet very challenging. I never had to resort to a walkthrough, but i did have to stop and think hard several times. and it felt very rewarding once i figured out a solution for any given problem.Great soundtrack and voice acting.Multiple paths and endings.And again, published by Wadjet Eye. A company with a record of publishing masterclass Point & Clicks.An absolute essential if you are a fan of the genre."
76561197961165322,Recommended,227000,8667864,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,kovert,I absolutely loved this game and it was quite refreshing to play something that that nailed the cyberpunk genre on the head. The story and characters are amazing and combined with great voice acting immersed me in the world.
76561198146068002,Recommended,227000,25194710,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Jarn Argence,"This was an interesting game. Don't be fooled by the endings you think you see. Somehow, I managed to mess up the game so badly that I only got sad endings. These are the endings that no one talks about. The endings where the main character's friends are all dead, and he goes back to his ship, and reprograms himself to forget about what happened at the city. The ending when he has nothing left to live for.Yet, I have seen other playthroughs where he manages to save his friends, and the ending is full of hope. It all depends on you. Will you save your friends? Will you join the AI who ruined your life? It is all your choice.and in the end, what does it mean to be human?"
76561198061915109,Recommended,227000,31644982,Posted: 9 May,all,D.,"When you ask for something, to Crispin,""47, boss. The answer is 47,""""Don't you mean 42?""""Err, maybe""Play for Crispin guys :)"
,Recommended,227000,8666297,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,⟁,"Words cannot describe my love for this game. As such, using as little description as possible: Even in subsequent playthroughs, although short and sweet, I am consistently reminded just how excellent an experience this is."
,Recommended,227000,11349781,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Julveyo,"The story is about a neutral bot which don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about anything except himself. The player choose himself of whom Horatio would be by doing the thing around the game.One of these ""old-school"" adventure games, when you solve ""a puzzle"" or to move on next by the multiple ways.The consequence is just a different ending to the game. Oh boy, and it has a lot of the endings.Pro: story, music, dialogues, art.Cons: game is very easy and logic if you want to get to the end, but some moments are really screwed up, it took 20 days to think for a 5-6h game; also there is nothing new if you played the ""Planescape: Torment"".P.S. Look for Horus"
,Recommended,227000,19199878,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,TeenJackBauer,8/10 TJBs
,Recommended,227000,23298159,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Greg,"Primordia is excellent. It's an engrossing and original story with consequences to your choices, which I really enjoy in a game. If you  like science fiction and point & click adventures, you should definitely play it."
76561198025290966,Recommended,227000,23949482,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dan,Excellent adventure game. Get it.
76561198019131378,Recommended,227000,30476856,Posted: 12 March,all,James and THAT Guy,An absolute visual and narrative delight.Stunning imagery and presence.Buy this game.
76561197995657597,Recommended,227000,30503621,Posted: 14 March,all,barasawa,"It was interesting and kept me through the whole thing, though there were a few points I couldn't figure out the creators 'logic'. That's not uncommon though, as what is obvious to it's creator may be extremely obscure at time to others.The graphics looked pixelated, but even giving it some leeway for being fullscreen, they were still a bit too pixelated for my preferences. There seemed to be no antialiasing at all.Sometimes the things you have to find, despite having no clue they are supposed to exist, are small objects, blend in very well with the clutter and trash, or are in dark areas and not really visible.  This isn't exactly an uncommon theme with these types of adventure games.Still, I rather enjoyed it, and hope the author takes the criticisms to heart and makes an even better game next time.I'm going to have to give it a yes."
,Recommended,227000,30853894,Posted: 31 March,all,Mleko,"Excellent point-and-click game. I played it about 3 or 4 times, also outside steam and i all I can say is I'm kind of waiting for the sequel, or a different make, the lore and the whole story is magnificent!Very well made, the story is rich and coherent, every character is unique with their own features.Although the world is somewhat limited to the locatiopns given, it heavily influences player's imagination - one of the rarest modern video game features!! And its totally awesome.If you're a fan of such 8-bit, p&c games THIS IS A MUST.It will suck you till the very end, or even more, trust me.Definitely recommending."
,Recommended,227000,30969273,Posted: 5 April,all,Heavens Night,B'sodding good game.
,Recommended,227000,31108828,Posted: 12 April,all,jacob,theres a bunch of ending but im too lazy good game the walking looks like retar-robot
,Recommended,227000,23262741,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Soldier984 [PT],"Love this game, just for the atmosphere alone. I wanted a movie out of this."
,Recommended,227000,29450832,Posted: 23 January,all,The Fifth Horseman,"This certainly was something different - clearly draws some inspirations from Beneath A Steel Sky, but also puts its' very own unique spin on them.Not as long as Technobabylon but superior in quality of setting and atmosphere, with writing at least on par if not better.My favourite Wadjet Eye release so far, worth every penny and every minute."
76561197966557804,Recommended,227000,30066508,Posted: 20 February,all,The Rabid Otter,"Primordia centers on the travails of two robots, Horatio and Crispen, who live in what is eventually revealed to be a warship on the edge of the ruins of a great city, Metropol. Their wasteland idyll is broken when another robot appears and steals the pair's power core. As robots, they require power, and embark upon a journey in a wasteland that reflects the splendour of a now dead world.Historically, I am not a fan of point-and-click adventure games.  But this game may have changed that. While I did occassionally cheat and look for solutions online, the tale of our two robots drew me in like the scent of a pitcher plant draws in flies. Upon reflection, the story reminds me of something that would have been published in Metal Hurlant three or more decades ago (minus the gratutious sex).The game makes explicit, though with subtle insertion, reference to other  speculative fiction masterpieces from multiple media. Fallout, Half-Life and A Canticle for Liebowitz being the ones I could clearly identify. Furthermore, the development team, usually the writer, provide liner notes revealing the design decisions they made in making this compelling tale. As someone interested in the division of labor in video game production, this was fascinating in its own right.If you like dystopian or melancholoy worldbuilding, this game is for you."
,Recommended,227000,30123014,Posted: 23 February,all,Atchtck,"A classic point-and-click adventure game in a unique and engaging world, Primordia was a treat to play.  The art reallys draw you into the world, the characters endear themselves to you, the interface runs smoothly, and the story grows from a simple quest into something much grander.It's a great game and well worth a playthrough."
76561198049215805,Recommended,227000,30529823,Posted: 15 March,all,nebu,Amazing story and audio :)
,Recommended,227000,33026426,Posted: 30 June,all,m0rk,"Those who know me, know I'm not a fan of singleplayer games. I like this singleplayer game. ...The minds of those who know me just exploded..."
,Recommended,227000,7713369,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Yourgrandma,00110001 00110000 00101111 00110001 00110000
,Recommended,227000,21885255,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Kilo,Jeu d'aventure avec une excellente ambiance mais des puzzles un peu trop tordus par moment.
76561198285994376,Recommended,227000,27091137,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lil' Warplord,it is kinda like fallout 2
,Recommended,227000,12583081,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Deus Exodus,"Phenomenal adventure with a deep story and a lot of lore.All that in a depressing world, where hu(mans) won't exist anymore and (man)built machines build machines. Just like in ""mans"" nature, they also destroy themselves, just to reach more power and progress.Cons: -The logic of some puzzles is just not understandable.Rating: 8/10."
,Recommended,227000,13488570,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,GRRRR,"Its the postapocalypse (again) and everybodies robots!Good point and click adventure. Avoids the ""lets mash everything in the inventory together to maybe do something to progress"" problem with sensible puzzles or blatant hints from your robo sidekick if youre stuck too long.Rather short unfortunately."
,Recommended,227000,2353905,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,T4l0n,really great story driven steampunk adventure game
76561198074169975,Recommended,227000,8720129,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,PhoenixT1,I'd say it's an average game. The story isn't bad but not fascinating. The real problem is that the screens are all about brown junk because of the universe and it's often difficult to locate objects...
76561198007078407,Recommended,227000,25619771,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Daburn,Just a great adventure game!
76561197976612595,Recommended,227000,11276376,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,MechZahn,"One of my favorite games on Steam. It's not the longest story you've ever played if lets say your the kind of person who defults to a walk through when you get stuck in a Point n Click adventure game, but if you enjoy puzzles, sci fi story lines and have a good sense of humor you'll enjoy this one immencelly."
,Recommended,227000,25423611,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,thaelis,"I especially loved the moment when Horatio and Crispin find the human corpse, makes you think..."
76561198117045023,Recommended,227000,23912451,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Macavity,fun
76561198019853644,Recommended,227000,23966491,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,jossotriv,BEST F******* GAME EVER!!!
76561198042890140,Recommended,227000,4887298,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,SFF,"A well written, atmospheric adventure game.Be warned though, it is VERY dark."
76561197960802741,Not Recommended,227000,28394100,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,SnakeIRye,"Challenging puzzles and interesting premise. However, there are no graphical options so you're stuck with an absurd 320x200 resolution and I encountered a game breaking bug when you tell a character your true name and the character acts like you never did and won't let you retrieve an item he has."
,Recommended,227000,8004015,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,The Punisher,Good stuff :3
76561197984348200,Not Recommended,227000,19892635,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Celery Man,"I thought this game started out very strong; great gameplay and an interesting story that keeps you engaged. Towards the end it becomes more text based with a lot of back tracking keeping you confined to a relatively small area. With low replayability, I would pass on this title."
,Recommended,227000,25605104,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Overkill,This isn't bad but nothing special.My Score - 6/10
76561197999192541,Not Recommended,227000,12191160,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,beehive,"I would really like to recommend this game but I simply can't.  Despite the unique story, amazing voice acting, and fun universe it all took a back seat to the puzzle aspect of the game.I'm no stranger to adventure games.  I've always been a fan of these types of games but Primordia simply doesn't do it for me.  I found the puzzles to be frustrating and counter intuitive.Part way through the game I ran into a game breaking bug that caused it to be impossible to continue without a guide.  After an hour of rubbing things on other things and clicking on every pixel I did the unthinkable and went to a guide only to find out I've run into a somewhat common glitch.  On this Steam forum I see a post from one of the writers/designers for the game say ""Sigh. If we ever do another patch, I'll make sure it gets fixed.""  This is my ulitmate woe with the indy developer.  I pay for the game and I would hope that known bugs would be fixed.  I don't like to hear ""IF we ever do another patch.""  A bug in an adventure game isn't like most other games.  You don't always know there is a problem.  You just keep trying to solve the puzzle till you give up or turn to a guide.  For me that ruined half the experience.  Now every time I get stuck I wonder if I'm wasting my time because of another bug or did I forget to pick up a cup of coffee three screens back.TLDR:  If you want the game then get it for the story and the art and not the puzzles."
76561197999470590,Not Recommended,227000,11998874,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Rolepole,"Overall this is a sad case of a game with brilliant elements but too many faults to make it an enjoyable experience. It has the best sense of humour of just about any game I have played. The story is good, though some of the elements don't fit together.The problems are:1/ the graphics are terrible. Yes, they have a cute, arty style but they are ridiculously low resolution.2/ The mechanics are clunky, with slow menus and too much time watching pixellated figures crossing the screen painfully slowly.3/ Some of the puzzles are good, but a lot of the time I had to use a walkthrough not because a puzzle was difficult but because the game is inconsistent. Most exits are identified by mousing over, but some are only identified if you move the character to the edge of the screen. There is a system of storing info useful for solving puzzles but some of the info stored is irrelevant and some vital info is not stored. To combine items in inventory you pick up A and mouse it over B. You get a message telling you that's a dumb idea, but it turns out you need to pick up B and mouse it over A."
76561197980697683,Not Recommended,227000,29378452,Posted: 20 January,all,Cat Fart,Talking simulator
,Recommended,227000,31598148,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
76561197960986989,Not Recommended,227000,23860351,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,unknown,"The only reason for my negative review is the crippled drawing style. Can't believe why a game developer would voluntary make it so unrecognizable, even for a retro looking game. The screenshots were just misleading to me."
76561198036186446,Recommended,227000,7651015,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Ca_Putt,"Certainly one of the best point and click Adventures I've played since the nineties!* Both immersive and humerous. The story is Great and told extremely well. the art style is very appealing combining art nouveau and cyberpunk proves a valid design concept, the resolution ould be a tad bit higher tho and animations are a bit of a let down but that's a flaw of many games in the genre.Gameplay is fluid, controlls and leveldesign are sensible, avoiding frustration. Riddles range from realtively easy tasks to complex and hard enigmas, without lowering to the level of odd/alien/generic minigames or resulting in daylong meditations on what to do. Unlike most P&Cs with inventory, Primordias items are neither randomly taken from the environment(aka taking the banana instead of the wench) nor require absurd combinations, most ""crating"" tasks are sensible.The Help function is a bit wonky, it's hints range from being very specific to being nomore than a slight nudge in the right direction and there are no ""advice levels"" or ""search functions"". there is no hotspot highlighter, which may be seen both ways. You will have to think a bit to get this game done but it's very well solvable without any outside help** or random clicking.It's also fully*** voiced, and quite good if I may add.Ps: Unniic, Genius!*Probably THE best if you dismiss myst 4 as not a point and click game**I required it once, when I was standing infront of the hotspot. The hotspot was even named ""crystal""   -.-***The is one spot(info booth) where I would have liked an additional voiceover, something Myst 4 did: voice all written text."
76561198011434489,Recommended,227000,2708776,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Deckard,"Interesting story, the atmosphere is great/music well suited, voice acting is top notch, characters are cool (love that ever-faithfull dude, awesome scripting) & the puzzles are logical/just about right in terms of difficulty, good idea to have a few different ending too. Overall I really enjoyed this game & definitely recommend it."
76561198021844137,Recommended,227000,3386306,"Posted: 10 December, 2012",all,Sooprmun,"Definitely a must-buy for anyone looking for a good story. Some of the puzzles and items you need to find take some imagination- but then again, I suppose that's the point of an adventure game.The music, the atmosphere, the desolate landscape and humorous exchanges between Horatio and Crispin make this game a definite jewel that shouldn't be absent from any adventure-gamer's library."
76561198021992728,Recommended,227000,8601236,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Vanwai,"Funny, Good story, Cool world, Cheap price."
76561198071571224,Recommended,227000,8648458,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,SkyAdept,One of the better indie adventure games. Very reminiscent of Beneath A Steel Sky.
76561198063512771,Recommended,227000,6313773,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,MeatHook33,
76561197973194813,Recommended,227000,7559054,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Ivan_Zabijacz,"One of the best Point'n'Clicks ever made. Brilliant, moving story, great music and beautiful, beautiful old-school pixelated graphics."
76561198063958903,Recommended,227000,6331416,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,76561198063958903,GUWD SHEET
,Recommended,227000,5441111,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Kila_Bite,"To those post apocalyptic sci fi freaks out there, this is your wet dream. It's a dirty, gritty point and click adventure. - key word being adventure here. Absolutely fantastic story and great 8 bit computer art with some of the most amasing sci fi music I've heard in any game. Pick this up!"
76561197984313865,Recommended,227000,1010581,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,RAGEMOUTH,Point and click and I flat love it. Best enviroment and atmosphere I have seen in a long time. I even went as far as buying the soundtrack off Amazon I suggest it as well. If you like dark trancy techno of the deep poetic future sort...
76561197970436934,Recommended,227000,7573677,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,StarGoose,This is a good game.
,Recommended,227000,17256896,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Captain Wolf,I enjoyed this until it ended. Too short.
,Recommended,227000,3599043,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Stanisław Wokulski,Definetly one of the best point 'n' clikcs ever :)
,Recommended,227000,1254257,"Posted: 12 February, 2013",all,Seppuku,"Good point and click adventure, in some ways it's a bit like Beneath a Steel Sky. It's like the classic point and click adventures and doesn't dumb itself down either, so you can get stuck figuring out exactly what the hell you're supposed to do, exactly how these games should be.If you do get stuck, you can speak to your sidekick for clues without giving too much away."
,Recommended,227000,20316184,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,baby jesus,"The puzzles can get a bit too adventure-gamey and the tone of your robot sidekick doesn't really match the rest of the game, but it's worth playing for the excellent art and unique post apocalyptic scenario alone. It's like a combination of salvador dali and hr giger."
76561198036616979,Recommended,227000,4405531,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,TS Warrior,"Fun little puzzle solver. Short (I finished my first run through in about 6 hours) but with a lovely little story. Most of the puzzles are solvable with a little thought, although from the look of the achievements I haven't unlocked, there are a few puzzles I either missed or got locked out of by my story choices.I'm not sure what the full price was, but if and when this shows up as flash sale, its very worth a $3-4 sale price."
,Recommended,227000,14719799,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Gulyas,"Great ambience, amazing soundtrack ( as a musician myself i am astonished by it, thank you Victor) and one of the best game narratives that i ever played.The philosophical question about humans and robots relantionship is so well done that resembles our faith ir various gods trought history.Please, make a sequel, ASAP"
76561198067453194,Recommended,227000,18815683,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,KroeboCop,"Good humor and good cheer in a post-apocalyptic world. I had fun with the game at first, but later it was too hard for me to be funny. 6/10The game looks super great with scanlines, Im using the SLG3000 and iScan HD+http://s193.photobucket.com/user/kroebocop/media/KroeboCop/Steam/Primordia/20151112_175531_zpsecc3kwy4.jpg.html?sort=3&o=0http://i193.photobucket.com/albums/z23/kroebocop/KroeboCop/Steam/Primordia/20151112_175513_zpskduxbdw2.jpg"
,Recommended,227000,1002699,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Clemroc,"Amazing point-'n-click adventure. The art-style is amazing, the story is wonderful and gets you hooked right on! The puzzles are challenging enough, and you usually won't get stuck for long. Game lasts a few hours (without using any walkthrough), but you'll have to replay it if you want to get other achievements.The audio and soundtracks of the game are great, and you really feel immersed."
,Recommended,227000,875587,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Jarylan,"Words cannot express the deep and thoughtful world that Primordia is. Unless for some reason, you hate – and I mean, truly, with burning fire, HATE – point and click adventure games, you owe it to yourself to play this game.As dark as the world can seem, humor abounds in this game. The simple graphics are still beautifully rendered, and the characters you meet are ones who will climb inside your head, and stay for the long haul. With a cast of incredibly well realized and acted robots, the world doesn't just invite you in; it sucks you down, and makes you a part of it. Things in this game will be thought about days, weeks later. Enough cannot be said for how immersive this game is.As unfortunate and bleak as the world of Primordia may seem, it has many things I wish to see again. Perhaps, if enough people play Primordia, some day we can all go back together."
76561197993866589,Recommended,227000,19602558,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Kamikaze Peanut,"Good point and click adventure with challenging but logical puzzles. Great story, characters and voice acting."
,Recommended,227000,7789329,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,CMDR Prawn,"Another fine offering from Wadjet Eye Games, a haunting yet disappointingly brief excursion through a post-apocalyptic landscape. In an age where graphics and explosions seem to dictate public interest, it's refreshing to play something with a little more reserve. If you've ever played the exceptional Gemini Rue (and you really should!) then you'll know what to expect with this."
,Recommended,227000,9442248,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Ierocis,"Unlike a lot of other adventure games, the puzzles in this one are literal logic puzzles. You play as a robot named Horatio who lives a hermit-ish existance in a post-human world with his little buddy Crispin. All is grand till a mean robot busts up your place and steals your home power supply. So now it's a quest of revenge and such. Great little game. No major issues bug-wise since they've been patched out as far as I can see. I believe it's a total of 6 endings or so. It's not completely linear but there are parts that have to be completed in certain ways if you want the achievements. Late-ish in the game there is an achievement everyone hates that requires you to enter all key words into the kiosk. If you don't have the monocle, don't worry about it yet. I recommend 2 videos on youtube by Tomoch. Write the words he uses down then type them in, don't save half way through. Do exactly what he does. Click the mores on the screen, don't type more. If you do both of those videos by the letter you should get the achievement which many people still cannot get. Achievements aside, this is a golden adventure point & click game with challenging logic puzzles with a dash of humour."
,Recommended,227000,16841593,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Falco,"The game is good. Beautiful art, decent story, most puzzles are logical.Worth buying, specially when in sales."
76561198101454381,Recommended,227000,16469880,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,kkechagias,that game needs to be a movie
76561197993223432,Recommended,227000,1432847,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,rasattack,"I really enjoyed Primordia.  It has a terrific atmosphere, good music, enjoyable characters, and a great story.  If you like point-and-click adventure games you should play this."
76561197970846183,Recommended,227000,13466860,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,GK,"This is a short, only a few hours long, but enjoyable experience"
76561197970602551,Recommended,227000,435515,"Posted: 19 December, 2012",all,Hoien,the♥♥♥♥♥♥:)
,Recommended,227000,290862,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,SteelPriest,I love this - short but vibey.
,Recommended,227000,7524024,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Sluggernot,"Best game i've played since Machinarium!Just buy this game.  This game is perfect.  All of the dialogue is narrated beautifully.  The characters are unique and interesting.  The last time I talked to EverFaithful (not a spoiler I swear. Early in the game) I wanted to cry. I might get a tattoo of him.The art is mindblowingly good.  The story is unique, interesting,  and well written.  I freaking love this game.  It's like a really good book.  As soon as you're done you want to read it again. You can't wait until it's been so long you can't quite remember it and know you can read it again and kind of get that same feeling with a bit of nostalgia.  That's this game."
76561197970753292,Recommended,227000,456510,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,Talzor,"One of the bedst adventure games I've played in a long while, even better than their Blackwell series. Great story, logical puzzles and interesting characters. Would definitly recommend this to any adventure fan."
,Recommended,227000,2505299,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Boogle,Fantastic game. Completely original.
76561198076285553,Recommended,227000,6820882,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Keiji Asrigoth,"A really good game if you are looking for that ""spark"" in a 2D game. Very original in my opinion, and given 4.5 out of 5 stars from the opening scenes."
,Recommended,227000,268782,"Posted: 10 December, 2012",all,Dr. Nobody,"I loved the story, and the multiple endings were worth the puzzle aggrivation every once in a while.  A very original story, and one I hope might be expounded upon in the future.  At the very least, the world was fantastic."
,Recommended,227000,7514360,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Straith,A very enjoyable adventure with amazing music.  Really enjoyed this one.
76561198025122943,Recommended,227000,3598007,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,NicklessOne,Delightful post-apocalyptic sci-fi adventure game. The setting and characters carry it well.
76561197972103428,Recommended,227000,554305,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Melchizedek,Sorta a kings quest game.  Point click inventory.  But the plot is really good.  A couple intesting little moments but I really liked it.
76561198060035526,Recommended,227000,6149105,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Kzaine,"A pretty solid Kings Quest-ish type adventure game.  Interesting story, good music and some neat characters.  The hero is voiced by David Hayter (Solid Snake from MGS) which adds to the appeal.  Good bang for your buck, despite some of the flaws. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,227000,3115931,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Radimus Prime,"Indie game designed to be like a 90s point and click, populated entirely by robots? What not to like."
,Recommended,227000,5589278,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,BiGTA$TY,Adventure gaming just like the good old days! two thumbs up!
,Recommended,227000,5062541,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Red Finch,"This is the type of game that falls under classifications; ""point and click"", ""puzzle solving"", but for about 95% of my playthrough, I was engaged and immersed. Even to where at one moment I stopped and found myself wishing it was a movie instead. It's a sarcastic drama, that deals with heavy topics, causing you to stop, think and problem solve. But also holds on to a clever side that lightens the mood and feels at home within the tale. 10/10."
76561197963242288,Recommended,227000,143091,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Orbital Fun,"Subtle, but immersive music. Fantastic character design. Unique story line. Great voice acting. All around solid adventure game. Only complaint was when it ended."
76561198053908804,Recommended,227000,5674686,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Emmer,"Pretty much everything I ever wanted in a point and click game - witty dialouge, lovable characters, a feeling of discovery uncovering an intriguing story. The puzzles are quite well-balanced IMO, just maybe a bit on the pixelly side so you might end up missing hotspots to click (they do have the words pop up when you mouseover hotspots to help with that)"
,Recommended,227000,935905,"Posted: 5 December, 2012",all,LunicInformer,"its fun.....the art style is like H.R.Giger went thru a Steam Punk phase,its only 10 bucks so i hope u guys consider it!   I WOULD HAVE LIKED TO HAVE THE OPTION TO GET THE SOUND TRACK TO THE GAME....... jus sayin"
,Recommended,227000,7609462,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Manteum,An interesting world & story to crunch your problem solving skills on.
,Recommended,227000,1059644,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,fuerve,"There was an era of adventure gaming that I really loved: the 90s LucasArts-style era.  These were games that ran in 256-color MCGA mode and had MIDI soundtracks.  If you were fortunate enough to own, rather than download, these games, you might even have gotten the voice tracks.This game is a lot like those.  It has some puzzles that make little sense and some arbitrary hurdles, but on the whole, it holds up very well.  The surplus of endings is interesting, as well.  Primordia doesn't have a very long playthrough, which is nice.  It's like a novella and it just hits the spot."
76561198019745707,Recommended,227000,7579512,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Legitimate Official,"I haven't been this happy since Grim Fandango. It's a 16-bit point-and-click adventure (in the play style of Curse of Monkey Island) in sepia tones. The game is fully voice acted, and it's the least annoying voice acting ever. The lead is voiced by Logan Cunningham, the guy who narrated Bastion, and the other characters and voices thus far have been FANTASTIC.At one point, I had to set the mouse aside to get pencil and paper out because a pair of indignant robots wanted me to settle a legal dispute, but not until after proving my worthiness by solving a logical story problem.Basically I have spent six times as much money on games that were one tenth as engaging and wonderful. I don't know why this game isn't blowing up my friends list already, but hey, now you know."
,Recommended,227000,7544977,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,BRETT RIVERBOAT,Top bombing
76561197983682079,Recommended,227000,29410090,Posted: 21 January,all,TheCommonCold,The ending is extremely predictable and there's nothing groundbreaking about the story. The puzzles are standard clicking of things and trading.I will say that the voice acting and character development are good. Good enough that I'm recommending this product (I originally did not recommend it). There are also some unique environments that I particularly liked.
,Recommended,227000,7744575,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Babo,"Primordia is a well done point and click adventure game, but those new to the genre may find it frustrating and inconsistent.Point and click adventure games depend on their characters and setting, and Primordia delivers in both. The NPC robots who inhabit the world are all distinctive and have personality, but the real centrepieces are the two main characters. Horatio, the playable protagonist, plays the straight man to Crispin, his robot sidekick who I personally found kind of annoying. However, Crispin's sarcasm and jokes do a lot to lighten the mood established by the setting. Primordia takes place in a post-apocalyptic world inhabited entirely by robots. As a crucial and interesting element of this world, some of the robots worship humanity, who they view as their creators and the originators of the world. The world itself is interesting to look at and there are some really striking setpieces in several of the stages. I won't really discuss the story, but I will say that the ""good"" ending resolves much more than any of the other ones. Though you have to be careful as there are a couple decisions in the game that can lock you out of getting what seems to be the only ending that gives you some sense of closure.The graphics are done in a retro, psuedo-16 bit style that can occasionally make it difficult to determine which objects are in the background and which are interactive objects. Furthermore, my biggest problem with the game comes when you try to use these objects. Several times in the game you have to use Crispin to retrieve objects that are out of reach but the things he can do and the types of objects he can get aren't consistent. Sometimes he can bump things off ledges but other times he can't, sometimes he can use a keypad and other times he can't, sometimes he can fly into a pipe and get something and other times he can't. What it boils down to is trying everything you can and relying on trial and error to solve several puzzles as things that worked last time don't now for mainly arbitrary reasons.Overall, Primordia is an interesting, well-fleshed out point and click adventure game that occasionally doesn't follow it's own rules. But if you can get past hearing ""I don't think that will work"" several dozen times you'll find a fascinating world filled with a host of unique characters."
,Recommended,227000,7617899,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Gryph,"80's retro click adventure, awesome story and game play mechanicsoverall - 5/5"
,Recommended,227000,760573,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,SirPent [UA],Great post-apocalyptic robot thingy quest. Something like Machinarium.
76561198044563479,Recommended,227000,7576224,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Ijon🌞Tichy,"Primordia is a real gem. Well-written story, lore and characters.Great puzzles force the player to think about the solutions and try different approaches.The only thing I didn't like about it was the occasional need for pixelhunting; a ""highlight hotspots"" button would have been nice."
,Recommended,227000,7643859,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Dracasis,"A nice little point and click adventure title. Suffers from the same click on everything, combine everything until you figure out the answer problems all PAC games. The story is neat, the voice acting is great and the art style is quite nice (even if low rez so i recomend playing it in window mode by running the \steamapps\common\Primordia\winsetup.exe). The hints system was well implemented so I'd give it a 3/5. Worth <$10 if you enjoy this sort of game."
,Recommended,227000,7879451,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Danger Mouse,A well-done adventure game. Worth a look.
,Recommended,227000,311337,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,SoulMan,"Another great adventure game from Wadjeteye Games.  Good puzzles, great story, and multiple possible endings makes for an interestering experience.  The best part about the games they make is the fact they make you think and like a good story have deeper meaning behind the concepts they present."
,Recommended,227000,4860969,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,Wight,"Nice and old-school but with extra apocalypse.  The inventory system is clunky and they have that horrible 'looking for interactable objects' type problems, but the puzzles are generally old-school with a few extra logic and dialogue puzzles (I had to get out a notepad and pen to work out one code cobination).  Lots of alternate endings depending on whether you managed to accomplish certain things during the game as well as according to your choices at the end, so I'll be playing through again at some point.   Doesn't play well with steam though; don't try to use the in-game chat or otherwise disrupt the program whilst it's running or it will turn glitchy."
,Recommended,227000,7891458,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,PandaSpaceDan,"Great adventure throwback game with beautiful pixel art, fun puzzles, charming characters, and (let's not forget) a postapocalyptic roboscape. The logic puzzles might not appeal to everyone, but they were definitely my cup of tea."
,Recommended,227000,7928676,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,JonnyBoy0719,"I love the story, its very well done. I do hope they make more of these type of games."
,Recommended,227000,4181624,"Posted: 18 December, 2012",all,Fredtrix,"If you like adventure games full of riddles and impractical solutions to every problem with lots of wierd and funny jokes you will without a doubt like this one. If you'd ask me the visual style of the graphics couldn't be more spot on. It looks like a oldschool adventurer, yet feels like a new and fun game. The story is pretty good and the music is nice."
,Recommended,227000,7917141,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,dariomzz,"Fantastic game. Anyone that had loved ""Beneath a steal sky"" will enjoy this!"
,Recommended,227000,7900179,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,DenNerd,"Delivers the spirit of the old adventure games are in a very great way with its decent story line, puzzles and locations. It remembered me of Revolution Softwares ""Beneath a Steel Sky"" in a lot of ways, from its postpocalyptic setting to the funny robot companion. Every nostalgic should give it a try, hopefully there more great games will come from Wadget Eye."
76561198031348175,Recommended,227000,7901679,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,the real phishmonger,I liked the story but I guess point and clicks like this aren't for me (some of the actions were so convoluted I would have been lost without a guide). If you just want to play a good story and use the guide then I would recommend this this game. Otherwise it can be a bit frustrating.
76561197972328687,Recommended,227000,8176774,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Stu,"Atmospheric, challenging puzzles and cool art/story, proof an old looking game can still be better than a lot of new games."
,Recommended,227000,932629,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Bergerac,This is a bloody good point and click. Should be more known. Great themes.
,Recommended,227000,4883269,"Posted: 13 March, 2013",all,Tentacle Monster,"Сколько видов историй о машинах вы знаете?Небось только о том, что ""МАШИНЫ УНИЧТОЖАЮТ ЧЕЛОВЕЧЕСТВО, ДАДИМ ИМ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ЮЛЕЙ И СПСЁМ ЦИВИЛИЗАЦИЮ"".А вы когда-нибудь видели, что бы машины ПОКЛОНЯЛИСЬ человеку?Человеку, которого никто не видел уже давно.Что бы человек для них был богом?Что бы был религией?Horatio Nullbuilt, version 5 - он верит в человека, он полностью изучил Gospel of Man.Он довольно таки необычный робот.У него есть друг, которого он же и построил - Crispin Horatiobuilt, version one.В двоём они живут в постапокалиптичном мире на корабле UNNIC, застрявшем в пустоше и который обеспечен энергией благодаря Power Core.Всё было тихо и спокойно.Пока не пришёл большой робот с лазером, не подстрелил Horatio и утащил Power Core.Остался лишь резервный генератор, которого надолго не хватит.Пора отправляться на поиски...-----------------Такова сюжетная завязка игры Primordia.Primordia - великолепный пиксельный квест, сделанный знатоками таковых из студии Wadjet Eye Games.Эти ребята создали такие прекрасные вещи, как The Blackwell Series, Resonance и Geminy Rue.О дааа, эти ребята знают в квестах толк.Я люблю все квесты их студии - они того заслуживают.И Primordia я люблю больше всех.Почему?Сейчас поясню.------------------Дамы и господа, взгляните пожалуйста на сюжет.Он прекрасен.Превосходен.Да, завязка проста, но вот дальнейшее...Сюжет очень проработан и глубок, мрачен и безысходен.Он бесподобен.И это - важно.Ведь это квест, в квесте главное - сюжет и головоломки.Кстати о таковых.Ну, решать местные задачки не так уж ипросто.Порой сломать голову просто.Потому что не додумаешься до очевидного.И это - хорошо.Хоть и бесит порой, но хорошо.Да и пиксельхантинга тут мало - это тоже хорошо.Вообщем, замечательно.Но куда замечательнее атмосфера.Атмосфера, состоящее из двух превосходных факторов - графона и звука.Графон - превосходный пиксельный рай. Всё настолько хорошо прорисованно, настолько красиво, мрачно, детально, что мои глаза просто получают удовольствие от увиденного.Этот прекрасный постапокалиптичный мир...Пустоши, груды желеезного ржавого мусора.Безысходность...А звук здесь ахренителен.Эмбиэнт, музыка, звуки окружения - всё на высшем уровне.В особенности я хочу сказать это про озвучку.Она бесподобна."
,Recommended,227000,29040845,Posted: 5 January,all,"You, yes you! give me money!",Knugen
76561198024583914,Recommended,227000,3551410,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,interploy,"Short (10-12hr), but good. If you're wanting a pure adventure game (think King's Quest) it's worth a look. Story is serious, but the sidekick and gamer inside jokes keep it from getting down. Only real complaint is you can't change the resolution, which is a shame because the graphics would be amazing at a higher res. They have a demo on the company site if you want to try it first."
76561197970658986,Recommended,227000,443856,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,Fullyard,just a few hours playtime so far but an awesome gaming experience. like in the good old days!
76561198004499559,Recommended,227000,2240487,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Hero_Weasel,"Short but very good. Its set in a post apocolypse setting, with all robots. The story follows our hero and a robot built by said hero on a journy to get back somthing stolen from him...Its an adventure game, not a lot of action, most things are acomplished by trying to use items on things in the world, or on eachother. Most of the puzzles are pretty simple, and the game isnt very long. The story is very well writen and the voice acting is top notch. The games reselution is SUPER LOW, but the art work is still atractive....would have been nicer at a higher reselution but eh, what can you do.For $10 its kind of short (assumeing you get every puzzle right instantly, or dont want to see a diffrent ending that requiers you to play with diffrent outcomes) but is still very sweet."
,Recommended,227000,29291141,Posted: 15 January,all,JaPanch,"good story so far, but buggy, if you happen to see an item in your inventory glitched, try to restore an old saved state, cause is going to crash on you on some random event after that.the first crashes solved themselves via re launching, but now im near the end of the game ""I guess"" and I cant continue.mouse response is awful.on the other hand many achievements are m issable on the 1st play. so keep your wits tight, this is not lucasart. you missed it once, you missed for good.fun game, bad controls, bugs, some crashes, buy on sales."
,Recommended,227000,30030488,Posted: 19 February,all,Lolling_Chris,My feedback for now:Joey's voice kind of blocks me immersing into this world...
76561198175445865,Recommended,227000,29819983,Posted: 10 February,all,freefood024,"ehhh... it's alright, it had two puzzels I just had to look up a guide for, but as for the other puzzels they're all good and call for some really interesting soultions (no moon logic). the story was a bit weak but I really liked the chemestry of two main characters."
76561197960758370,Recommended,227000,51530,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,🐔Faltu Riltu Raltu,highly recommended
,Recommended,227000,2297440,"Posted: 22 January, 2013",all,Rhazak,"Engaging story and  good art, the puzzles are not too hard or too easy. If 80-90s point & click games  appealed to you but their weird illogical puzzles stumped you, you'll probably enjoy this."
