user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198025051194,Not Recommended,227160,14156659,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,emirfassad,"It took me several hours and several visits to the forums to unravel Kinetic Void.  Once I deciphered it I saw enough promise in the idea to purchase a second copy for a friend.The game was flawed but it was Early Access. Lots of things didn't work as expected.  Some things didn't work at all.  There was little correspondence between the sparse documentation and game play.   I put the game's developement somewhere between late Alpha and early Beta.Then, almost without warning, Kinetic Void went to full release.  The broken parts were still broken.  The unfinished parts were still unfinished.  The devs claimed they had delivered what they had promised but that they would clean up the remaining rough edges.Several months  later the edges are still as rough as they were at _release_.Ship building works well enough but there is a lack of detail.  All components engines, turrets, hull, weapons have a generic, unfinished feel.  The mission system doesn't work but combat mostly does work.  Trade & inventory management are overly complex and nearly indecipherable.   Movement & control work but the interface is inconsistent.The Devs are a small team.  Apparently there are only three of them yet theyconsistently  have ignored offers of help from the community.Perhaps it's project burn-out.  Perhaps the devs will find a second wind and, with a mighty effort,  put a playable game together.  I wouldn't count on it.Put your money somewhere else.Two sad thumbs down."
76561198019183336,Not Recommended,227160,13357053,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,JamesCross,"I bought this game a while back looking for a fun space sandbox and was highly dissapointed. Given that it was early access I decided I'd wait a bit, see if they managed to turn it into something actually worth playing. Well it's been a while since then, and guess what? Not at all what they promised... The only improvements they've made were incrimental or pointless. Moreover, the devs have attempted to silence negative reviews on numerous occasions. This is poor development and shady buisness and it's dispicable. Seriously, I want a refund but I know I won't ever get one... these devs plain lied to their customers. Don't buy this game!"
76561198036360341,Not Recommended,227160,16364515,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Venjinse,DO NOT BUYGame is unfinished/unplayable and has been abandoned by the developer.
,Not Recommended,227160,15079324,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,l'Original,"DEVELOPER NOPE - Try the X series instead (minus Rebirth).TL;DR version:  This is a case where the developer literally took the money, padded their Steam library full of games to work hard on ""developing"" and then after the rest of the team QUIT the lead developer used the remaining money to start up a physical game store in a mall whileLYINGto those who bought KV that there was no more money for development - check the bottom image for a good list of why this game's development died to be Spacebased from Early Access.Somehow, my hours played got reset despite checking the game out when it had promise (I actually had to boot it again and checked out the minor additions since this title was given the ""Spacebase 1.0 Treatment"".  It was obviously pushed out too early considering part of the ""finished game"" has ""(Not currently implemented)"" placeholders.  Development was chugging along, albeit slow, but most folks knew that when they were getting into the game...and could forgive that easily.The main problem isn't the gameplay to be found in the game, as it has a decent foundation with a ship builder and more (almost like a 3D Drox Operative)...but outside of that, there really isn't much to the game still, and unfortunately due to developer meltdown there probably never will be.This is another Early Access dud where they slap a 1.0 on it (to cash in on the sales that might generate...which it did not), expect the community to finish it, then spend time making excuses about how Steam wouldn't allow them to put it back into the Early Access program while lashing out at their customers for not crowdfunding someone's dream and being happy about the results when it was prematurely released with poor communication surrounding it.That is exactly what LumberingTroll (developer) did, and when people pointed this out in a thread asking if the game was still being developed - after the dev wasn't communicating with the community shortly after the ""Spacebase Treatment"" of slapping a 1.0 on a title then bailing to start up a physical game store without letting those following the game know what was going on in dev plans - LumberingTroll called everyone ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" and then deleted the thread when it appeared that he might have to face responsibility for his own actions.Yes, apparently game developers - the REAL Steam customers while everyone else is supposed to be happy with poor faith business practices - are allowed to break the Steam posting rules whenever they feel like it and can only be held ""responsible"" by deleting the incriminating evidence from the virtual sandbox Steam gives them to do whatever to the ""lesser customers"" - also known as ""marks"" - only when it embarrasses them.The problem with that is that people were otherwise mostly forgiving up until the ""Spacebase Treatment"" and the childish forum whitewashing.You thought you had a problem with ""bad reviews"" before, LumberingTroll?You just gave people reason to write more.Maybe next time you'll bother to treat your customers in the same respect you wish to be treated, but until this developer does some serious reparations I would suggest to avoid the developer's dysfunction at all possibilities.  Those antics changed my position from a silent ""wouldn't recommend until it becomes more complete"" to a ""until this developer removes their head from their backside, continuing to pay attention to them might in itself deserve a refund"".LumberingTroll:""You are all being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and this is why most developers refuse to reply on forums.KV was released early, yep, nothing new ive said that before. Valve wont let me put it back in early access so there is nothing I can do about that. KV isn't generating money, I cant put funds into its development right now, I work on it when I can in my spare time. I am hoping we (the two people still at the company) can put out a small project to generate some revenue to fund development. Like it or not the game is as it is for now. I'm sorry some of you feel your $5 - $20 was wasted. If you guys dont want to be civil I'll gladly just avoid the forums from now on like most developers do.""Blame the customer?  The customer writes reviews to that effect.Edit 26 Apr 15:Screenshot of developer banning someone for reporting the developer's comment for being in violation of the Steam Rules:http://imgur.com/nyzSXdjScreenshot of developer asking for feedback about why customer reviews were so negative:http://i.imgur.com/EmJ9cPV.pngSomeone gives the developer this info (long after the dev bailed from the title except for excuses), to which the developer disagreed enough that they deleted the entire thread:http://i.imgur.com/8vcRzdl.pngEdit 30 Nov 15:LT continues his practise of whitewashing the forum of his misdeeds, namely running off to go start a physical game store after expanding his game library and his own KS backings substantially a bit after the Kickstarter, while those who point this out whenever LT plays up the ""barely able to scrape by starving developer"" farce get permabanned and purged from the forums:http://imgur.com/0P092rkHere is an article describing where the remaining funds for developing KV went to:http://www.argusleader.com/story/news/business-journal/2015/08/11/badland-games-caters-board-game-players/31505761/"
76561198082489007,Not Recommended,227160,14218271,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Don Trump 4,"I bought and backed this game 2 years ago, when it was in fledgling alpha state. My first Early-release, too.I was an active part of the community at the time, doing screenshots and showing off ships, complementing eachothers' ships, writing guides, giving feedback to the developers.6 months later I grew tired of the slow updating (as well as the game) so I stopped playing it as actively as I once was. 3 months after that I stopped completely.I patiently waited for new updates that came once per 3-4 months at a time sometimes, and briefly brought myself to speed with how things were.Then they began to rush the release. I could tell because they suddenly sped up the alpha states faster than the content actually generated. From .022 to a .#, and then to simply d.#, like they were trying to rename the process to give the illusion of progress. Then the release came. I, like many other backers, was immensly disapointed with the game.While real progress was made in these 2 years, the progress could have easily fit into one year.Don't get me wrong, the shipbuilder is GREAT. Or, at least last time I checked.But then you're in space. It can get really laggy, and there isn't much to do. I don't mind having all the lore of the universe in your head, but developers promised economy systems, intricate faction mechanics, ect. Nothing is intricate.Even if this was still in alpha I would give a shaky reccomendation at best. Progress was slow, but continuing.But this 'release' gives me the feeling that this game is rather a let-down.Sorry, but I'm disappointed."
,Not Recommended,227160,17982527,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Red Eagle LXIX,"Another overly ambitious Kickstarter that has ended early and incomplete.Many missing features, gameplay is lackluster.If you can get it dirt cheat or in a bundle might be OK, but do not pay full price."
,Not Recommended,227160,21226829,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Nax_o,No.Start setting is what is unfortunately quite common in certain Early Access Games -> a EA Game abandoned/Developer not seen around for a long time and then there was a casual discussion about the game in the otherwise quiet forums and topic was the games content and it's development history.  no flaming no nothing. just pondering over how things could have been and what was completed and talk about how to play the working parts of the game to get the best out of the game.And then suddenly there is a ban. Developer resurrected himself from the dead to just do this ban without a written warning or reason and nothing more. And then he returned to the bottle it seems.  No way to know what the problem was or chance to edit things. Just a permaban.No Ban reason just a reference to rules. Well read the rules but no rules was infringed - how could they have been infringed as the discussion was quite neutral and non-accusatory. No finger pointing or anything just talk about how things could have been and still a ban. And a permanent ban too. For good. For me this is the first time i have ever been banned in ANY forums as hateful speech is something i simply will not do.So i hereby use my right to tell people to stay out. I understand banning flame or hateful speech but this? No. just No.Just keep out. There is nothing to see here. I refuse to even comment on the game itself as it has some pretty solid pro's too but since this is the way things are done around here then just staying out is the way to go.To the garbage bin this game goes. Good riddance.Enjoy the money you got for this dear dev. Enjoy it.
,Not Recommended,227160,13065176,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Jonsta,"Just went and played it after many months of giving it a miss due to lack of content. First starting up the game I get a 'tutorial' box saying ""We should never see this message!"". I click to continue to find out the button is inactive. After seeing that, as far as I'm concerned, this is not a 1.0 worthy product, and it is certainly not a 'game'. Can I have my money back, please? You guys are almost as deluded as the guys who made Starforge.UPDATE: The♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥have even disabled comments on their update announcements because of all the (understandable) hate they're recieving. This is censorship. Give me my ♥♥♥♥ing money back you scamming♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198016943128,Not Recommended,227160,18424337,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,wrathtribe,"After retrying the game today, for some reason, I decided to remove my previous review which had a very strong focus on the context of the game rather than the game itself. The recommendation remains negative though.The first thing you'll be asked to do when starting a new game is to choose a mode (career - which means you start with limited resources and have to acquire more to build bigger ships - and creation - which means you have access to nearly an infinite amount of parts). Sadly for the career mode there is only 3 starting option, start with a small fighter or a freighter and the last being no ship but with some random part in your stock which sometimes produce quite awkward results. You will then set the size of the galaxy and how many factions inhabits it as well as name it (this is actually your save).The core of the game is the ship design/building. You have several parts of several types which you can use and they come in various sizes (with some blocks shapes that are specific to a size or another). Once you build your ""hull"" and depending on how many parts of this or that type you set, you have space to put subsystems. Weapons are set on hardpoints which you also set by placing those weapon mounts. Overall the system is nice and as long as you remain in the hangar, lighting and controls are manageable.The UI is sometimes a bit annoying as you can get menus overlapping each others. To give an example, when you have the parts panel open and go to the shop, the parts panel has priority over the shop one which does not make much sense as obviously when you open the shop you ain't going to build your ship. Another example are the pop up windows when you place modules which may happen partially off-screen. Those are details and are easily sorted (as you can close the side panel of part directly or drag the windows) but it shows an unfinished or unpolished state of the game.Once you launch your ship, that is when the state of the game really shows. The first shocking thing that struck me is the lighting. While lighting is kind of realistic (light source = sun) and background is pretty dark (nebular clouds are also pretty dark) it often leads you to barely seeing your own ship or which direction she's headed.There are several promising features in this game, although it is difficult to get involved. Mining is the first thing I tried to do and while it is easy to grasp and do, it is not fun. You select an asteroid, warp to it at range, bring the context menu again to mine and then... well, you wait till either the asteroid is destroyed or your cargo is full. I returned to the station I came from by warping to it and hoped to find a docking option in the contextual menu while having it selected, but you have to manoeuver manually in the ""docking line"" first and then on approach you get to confirm you want to dock.Once docked with your cargo you of course hope to sell it. So first you need to transfer the cargo from your ship to the station and then you may trade it. When trading, you click on each goods and then select a quantity you want to sell. There are little option to accelerate this process like ""shift-click"" to sell all of a good.I won't detail combat or faction interractions here, although my overall experience of those features was that they were pretty bland. Of course I did not play enough in career mode to fully appreciate the content of late game like having tons of parts and a huge vessel for example. You can surely experience that directly with the creation mode, although my feeling is that if you're not solely an avid ship builder this will kind of work like a cheat and chances are that you will roll over everything else in the game once you launch your masterdesign and subsequently loose interest in doing anything else in the game very quickly (there is no story to uncover and generally speaking nothing that gives you a real sense of accomplishing anything anyway).As I said above regarding mining there is this feeling that the game does not make the player participate actively to the things he can do and at the same time make actions available to him sort of chores. It is not a that much of a bad game, but the unfinished state sadly end up with this product being mediocre (this is apparently explained by half the studio workforce, 2 on 4, having left the project). I would like to see it updated and apparently that is also the opinion of the remaining employees, but everyone's got to eat and I can't blame gamers for not buying this leading to the makers having to work on something that is actually economically sustainable."
76561198007701342,Not Recommended,227160,18765176,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Jandalman,"This game is the reason I no longer trust anything labelled ""Early Access"".Seriously how have we as consumers become so accepting of paying strangers for a product that both parties acknowledge is incomplete; and put our trust in them to complete said product after they already have our money?I miss the old days when buying a game is a single transaction of money=full product.Game devs like this one makes it all the more difficult for genuine new indie gamemakers to be trusted."
,Not Recommended,227160,13048046,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Omnirock,"Kinetic void had shown promise when first announced. I have experimented with it's features at all stages of development, and was happy to see progress being made each time.However, as of this writing (Nov 22/2014) I would not recommend this game in it's current state. Many of it's systems still need some time in the oven, features are missing, and there is a lack of purpose or motivation in continued play. Shipbuilding is entertaining if you have a creative side, but not enough to keep me engaged.An excellent concept hindered by pushing this game out before it is ready. I'd hold off on buying this unless it's under a deep discount or after significant updates and patches."
,Not Recommended,227160,19951395,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Prunus ♛,"Devs didn't deliver. No Communication. Abandoned.Take note of the company name and never buy from them in the future.""Badland Studio"""
,Not Recommended,227160,16134673,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,neutronenstern,"Don't even think about buying this game. Why? Because it's not a game. Simple as that. It's a half brewed ship builder with clumpy controls and that's about it. No content, no meaningful missions, simply nothing that provides a reason to build a ship in the first place. I was shocked, when I realized that this game has meanwhile left Early Access Status, because it is still in pre-alpha state. This is not a full release this can not even be considered as pre-alpha preview. I had many disappointing experiences with early access (Hack'n'Slash, Spacebase DF...), but this isn't only a unfinished game like the others but a total train wrack. Or as I said in the beginning, this is not even a game at all. Don't let yourself ripp of and look for something worth your time."
,Not Recommended,227160,8724332,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Chase Quinnell,"UPDATED 7/8/2014Since a number of people were asking me to re-review the game in its current state, I finally relented and decided to try the game again.  These are my thoughts.I find that many improvements have indeed been made.  This is to be expected, and very much welcomed.  I find that many of the features such as the shipyard and flight models have been improved with more easy-to-use controls and additional features.  A quick rundown of some of the key features and improvements I noticed:* Better inter/intra-system navigation and map* Slightly improved combat gameplay* Improved flight model and warp systems* Missions, Cargo, and semi-functional stores* Semi-functional ""career"" mode.  More on this below.Some things that are still issues:* Not developer's fault, but many workshop ships no longer function out-of-the-box due to creators failing to update them for new patches.* Overall, game still feels quite clunky and difficult to use.  Somewhat high learning curve unless you're wiling to read a lot.>> Documentation has been improved.  Just be prepared for lots of reading.* Crash to desktop is common.  Crashes more as your ship's # of modules increase>> Relatively decent auto-save means you won't loose too much progress.* See more belowThe game is still quite confusing and you often still don't even know what's going on.  There's still a lot left to be desired I think.Overall, the game has improved. Though I can't say that this is something to get especially excited about.  ""Why are you being such a debbie downer"" you ask?  Well, it's an alpha.  It is SUPPOSED to improve.  If it didn't, it's not worthy of even being sold.I still do not recommend this game.  There is a ""But"" however... Here are my thoughtsMany critical features have been added and improved to a more usable state.  The warp mechanism has been tremendously improved.  The shipyard build system also deserves a mention as a vast improvement.  More customizability and more controls to fine tune your construction.  Though this can make things a bit more confusing to the new person or returning player, as with some of the other expanded features.  This is made up for with the improved documentation.  But beware, decent amounts of reading is required.  There are also some tweaks and improvements to the combat system.  It makes more sense but can still be awkward.  The galaxy map has also gotten a big makeover and is MUCH easier to understand.There are many things that still are confusing and unfinished in this game.  The ""career"" mode is clearly unfinished and requires more attention.  From what I can tell, it's a misleadingly named ""survival"" mode at the moment.  However, it fails at that as well.  You have credits and the idea is to earn more through cargo or more ""illigitimate"" means. Basically, you start out by picking ANY ship from the workshop or stock selections.  No cost.  If you run out of money buying cargo to load into your mega-freighter you downloaded and didn't have to pay for, then just select any of the ship-part categories and sell any number of the ""999"" parts you somehow own from the start.  Just sell a couple Tier 5 weapons or ship bridges and you immediately have so much cash that the display has to use exponential notation (e.g. 1,000,000^E10).Verdict:  Not recommended.  The game is still definitely unfinished.  There is not much polish. While there are a number of great improvements, I still cannot justify this game as a purchase.  It's confusing for new/returning players unless you're a quick learner or wanna read all the documentation.  Without developer input, I estimate this game is less than 50% done; though considerably more than the 6% quoted by the dev around the time of my original review 7 months ago.My point still stands.  Do not buy the game unless you want to support the developer or really like the idea this game stands for.  It is playable now, so if you just really wanna get into space and do things, then go for it. I recommend waiting until a sale, however.  It is not worth $19.99 to me.  If it had a price-tag of about $10, it may be a good price if you're willing to put up with the downsides of a relatively mid-level-alpha.ORIGINAL 1/15/2014I don't recommend this game.  Yet.  If the features they have planned for this game come to pass, then this game will definitely be worth its price.   For now, I'd only recommend getting this on a Steam sale. This is a VERY early access with only a few of the main features added.  The building and customization functionality does have a lot going for it and has a lot of potential.  The rest of the game is still somewhat confusing, clunky, and still very clearly unfinished.My advice?  Wait a while.  Or buy this game simply to support development of the game.  Buying it to play it may end you up with some serious disappointment.  Don't get me wrong though, as I said, this game has potential.  As the developer stated in another negative review, this game is only approximately 6% finished.  Do not expect much from it."
76561198064189914,Not Recommended,227160,13725761,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,theonerayman,"I watched this title for a long time. Had it on my wishlist and finally decided to take the plunge.  What's here is the beginning of something that could be truly great.  But it's simply that.  The beginning.  The game feels like it is still in early development not full release.Pros+ The ability to design your own ship+ Customizing the universe size and number of factions+ Controls aren't overly complicated like many of it's space contemporariesCons- The actual interface for designing your own ships is beyond complicated there is very little instruction.- The tutorial is sub-par- the ""Career"" mode seems like it is in it's infancy.- To much time where you are doing nothing but waiting (3 or so minutes to mine out a single asteroid)At THIS point I could not suggest this game to anyone unless they are willing to wait and see what the developers are going to do.  Make no mistake, this game may be in release but it is FAR from what any rational person would consider a ""release state"""
76561198001784408,Not Recommended,227160,23799788,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,mb3,"The Developers are pices of ****! Took the early access money and then ran.  I feel like I was scamed and robbed. This isn't a review, its a warning....DO NOT BUY!    Don't give these asses anymore money."
,Not Recommended,227160,13047013,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Asmodai_00,"These days, I'm not surprised to see a game like this on the release list. This is not a finished game. This cannot and will not compete with any past or future space sims, and should be avoided at all costs."
,Not Recommended,227160,13946573,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,lyndonguitar,"Was a promising game, got it cheap so I didn't care. I virtually shelved it in my library and waited patiently for good updates to come but they never did, and the game was released unfinished just to take off that 'early access' status so the devs can stop the mandatory updates. Although the game still appears to be being updated, and the devs have said so. But for me, it just doesn't feel right to release the game at it's current state. A few months of development could have benefited them, especially the ratings. Right now I'm seeing 56% Positive 44% Negative, thanks to enhanced steam. and that's not good.I don't blame the Early Access model, it's there for games like Kerbal Space Program, in which I would lose approx. 1000 hours of fun if the model hadn't existed. For games like Minecraft, Starbound, Arma 3, GalCiv 3, etcIn the future I would be more careful about buying early access games unless the ratings are 90% Positive and above, and the game is already feature complete, Thanks Enhanced Steam for that extra data!Update: Now I'm seeing 50% positive 50% negative, which has more negatives than on my original review, i think it has gotten worse"
,Not Recommended,227160,15843191,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Maelstrom,"Well, with 8 or so hours on record I feel like I can write a review on something quite a few other reviewers spent less than an hour on.Anyway, I agree with the general consensus: The ship builder side of the game is very functional, and the Workshop is full of awesome ships (and mechs even!) built by members of the playerbase that can be downloaded for your playthroughs. (After you fix them - don't forget the fact that a number of Workshop ships are technically incomplete, with not all of the subsystems set, and often with far too many subsystems than the other parts can handle. Too many hangar bays is a common example.) The learning curve for the shipbuilder is kind of steep, but like I said, quite functional.Outside of the shipbuilder, it's cool that you can set up a randomly-generated sandbox galaxy to mess around in according to some parameters that you set during generation - namely, galaxy size and number of factions. It gives a lot of play area, though there's no guaruntee your ship (even the workshop ones) will have the warp range to reach other parts of the galaxy. There are missions, pirates who nobody cares if you go hunting, and faction-relations mechanics - all of which are good.The thing is, outside of that it just feels bare. In 8 hours of play I've only encountered ""go hear and kill what you find"" missions. I haven't delved into the economy or career mode, true, but no ""sandbox"" should ever feel like there's nothing to do - and that's exactly how this game makes me feel. Sure, I can warp across the galaxy into pirate-held sectors and go to town with a downloaded Star Destroyer or HMS Warspite, sure I can rescue traders from pirate fighters and kill a smuggler or six, and sure it can be enjoyable all the same - I was giddy when I launched in my downloaded Super Star Destroyer and found it to be larger than the space station it was docked at, but all in all I can't really recommend this game.I bought it summer of last year, expecting it to improve in time, but it really doesn't seem to have gone anywhere. Whether or not the devs are still working on it behind the scenes I'm not really sure. I am sure though that this game has huge potential, but as it is now fails to live up to it. Right now all it's really good for is destroying everything you see. While enjoyable by itself, it gets old when you run into an enemy or 6 using the same ship as you, and that ship is some form of battleship which had until then slaughtered helpless foes. Especially when those enemies are pirates.I have limited hard drive space, and I am afraid that I'm going to have to uninstall to make room for other, more fleshed-out games. I might still come back to it eventually, see how it's changed (if at all). I just hope the potential here doesn't remain wasted."
76561198129101111,Not Recommended,227160,15257694,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,unknown.notregistered,"I love the idea. I absolutely adore the intent of the game - its execution is horribly wrong however.The gameplay has struggled through the Early Acess with odd glitches here and there, and the end result isn't much removed from what it was before release.The game concept is a rather free-flowing gameplay mechanic to build your own starship, but the game's design is somewhat flawed on both balancing acts of manuverability vs firepower and basic instructions. This takes a whole other level just to explain how to play the game, and to be honest that isn't right for something like this. The basics of the game weapons are Lasers, Cannons and Missiles. Point-defense systems, cargo, salvage and mining are options for a ""career"" play to build up resources however the grind is long and boring. Ship movement is your typical thrusters and a hyperspace system to jump from point A to B faster, however when jumping you loose your perception on distance and its an annoying wait to see when the ship feels like ending the trip near the target. The shield is a more literal ""kinetic field Generator"" to protect the ship from damage, but limits movement. You go faster with it off, but take damge to the hull without a shield to cover your rear.To complicate matters the ship construction designs are done impressively free, able to freely rotate and adjust segments any combination you desire without distance restrictions or locking points - but it comes back to bite the design mechanic in how over-use of too many blocks can kill the gameplay performance. Some moderate limitations have been done to limit weapons and design, but it falls back to an inherit issue with the firepower and accuracy. There is no need for thinking small here, bigger ships, more power, shields and weapons will always do better. It makes any ammount of small craft obsolete and limits the gameplay feel - and punishes you for it as the ship becomes more sluggish with its size increasing. It makes the gameplay drag on in a rather negative way.I admit its a fun way to loose hours in it, crafting a unique ship - but you'll be so drained when done and after flying it for only short distances you'll not want to actually play with it much after.The game itself remains largely shallow in its build. No real story, gameplay or function - just create a random set of stars and factions/corporations and choose who you blow up basically. The faction loyalties shift freely with each fight, but it lacks heavily in the substance department for the actual game. No kind of character exists outside nameless portraits and your own nickname. In the basic Career mode you start with a small ship and grind up, but can just kick off in Sandbox to build whatever then just fly faster without the tedious grinding spree to build up to the big ship.It is a great concept, plenty of heart in it to be honest - but its end application feels lacking, and in a really big way. Pick it up if your really interested in its unique way of doing things, but be wary there isn't much here."
76561198018580803,Recommended,227160,7795349,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Heresiarch Grimm,"Kinetic Void is a Space Sim game that currently, in it's Early Access stages, allows the user to create whatever space craft they desire and set out into space to see what piloting it would be like as well as pick fights with the local rabble for no reason other than you're toting 40 guns to their 6.Now, since this game is in Early Access, not a lot of it is in perfect working order and chunks of the game are as of yet unimplemented. Such things that aren't in the game yet include any form of story, a commerce system, weapons other than kinetic as well as differentations between weapons other than graphical models.However the development team behind Kinetic Void are working on the game at a decent pace and patches appear within a time span of 1-3 weeks between each other. It wouldn't be surprising to see the game toting more features a few months down the line.In the game's current state, it's great for anyone who wants to recreate ships such as Serenity from Firefly, The titular Battlestar Galactica or an X-Wing from Star Wars. And indeed, that is in it's own right an entertaining thing.As a result, I find that Kinetic Void is an entertaining video game that, even in it's unfinished and somewhat unstable format that it's currently in, is worth the admission price.If this review, nor any other review convinces you to obtain this game, or you're still unsure, there are plenty of videos of Kinetic Void on YouTube."
76561198038287396,Not Recommended,227160,16248095,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Tom-ahawk,Started off with great potential. The customization options for making your own ship were awesome......then they basically decided to not finish this game; feels like early-access abandonware to me. It's a shame because there is a lot of potential here.If you are hankering for this style of game might I suggest Starpoint Gemini 2 or Rebel Galaxy.
76561197985171381,Not Recommended,227160,13050988,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Baleur,"Dreadful. It is really hard to say anything else to be honest. It is also equally hard to find the motivation to spend time writing a proper review for something that certainly is not a proper finished game. It is not a matter of it simply being in an unpolished beta or alpha state, it is the matter of it being, well, not a game yet. There is barely any gameplay to be had, core ui functionality is completely absent, and the gameplay on offer barely qualifies as more than a tech test.This would be fine, if said tech test was something new, something revolutionary, such as the Swarm tech test or if it had dynamic visual damage on the ships. If there was anything beyond the most barebones physics and graphics engine tech that has already been outdone 10 years ago or more, by games such as X2: The Threat (yes, i said X2, not X3).That is how antiquated this game already is, it is released in 2014 with features, gameplay and tech that has been outdone by games released 10 years ago.Then, on what basis could i possibly recommend this game? On the basis of it being an indie kickstarter project? No, it isnt good enough. If one starts to recommend and promote any indie project just for the sole reason of ""supporting the little guy"", we only betray ourselves as gamers and customers with basic consumer rights.There is nothing on offer in Kinetic Void that is better, or even equal, to games already on the market, indie or AAA.Many of the competitors even have a lower pricepoint, or have been in the bargain bin for years!This is not just about making games. Its about basic supply and demand.If other games have existed for 10 years that do everything this game wants to do, better, then there simply is no demand for this game. If there is no demand for this game, what was the point?The development time would have been better spent pursuing something else, because as of right now i cant possibly claim that Kinetic Void has anything of value to bring to the gaming scene what so ever."
,Recommended,227160,7104104,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Dorgarr,"This is probably the most realistic space simulation I have ever played.You spend a really long time designing the perfect spaceship, equipped with high tech engines, weapons, cargo holds, medical bays, mess halls, crew quarters, and reactor cores. You believe you're prepared for anything space has to offer, whichso far, isn't very much.Akin to NASA, the Developers are going to need a lot more funding before anything new can be discovered in the final frontier."
,Not Recommended,227160,13407496,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Farhice,"I truly wish there was a ""star"" system for steam instead of this ""NO"" or ""YES"" thumbs up black and white system steam has in place.If it did: 2.5 of 5That being said I went with a no due to the simple fact this game was taken out of early release and sent into fullThis review is going to be written on five points’ gameplay, graphics, sound, story, replay ability.Gameplay: So you build a ship with a wide array of parts, from tiny to massive in scale. To accommodate nearly anything you can think of, within reason, there are limitations. The shipyard tutorial is annoying and persists every time you go into a new game, divided into chunks of whatever aspect you are using the shipyard. Instead of leading you step by step to build a ship, which would have been better as it is easy to miss some things. Leaving you to fumble around on your own, which has its uses of course. I personally feel that is the better way to learn is through trial and error, but can see when this would be annoying. On the whole however the shipyard is pretty good and the only real issue is the tutorial. Once you leave the shipyard however is the real issue, missions are bland and boring. Collect this, kill that, I was hoping for planetary sieges or space convoys. The faction system is pointless at this stage, I saw a rival faction that owned more systems give money to the only other faction that was clearly there rival as they were engaged in a open conflict. Clearly some issues need resolution here.Gameplay: 2 of 5.Graphics: Not terrible when the frame rate doesn’t stutter I’ll admit my system can’t run on ultra its true. But when it moves a high-medium for a while then slows to a crawl when more the five objects appear at once, not counting asteroids, ships and stations. Then Huston when have a problem. While textures look decent on some objects such as the lens flare from suns and ships. On planets they look half baked, while passable they could be better. And I’ve yet to find a nebula, so if they are even in here or not I don’t know but I’d hope they look better. In total the ships, asteroids and stations look good, fix the rest.Graphics: 2.5 of 5Sound: The music is catchy and epic but there’s only about three tracks so you’ll quickly grow board of them. Thrusters and gun fire is about the same sounds good on some weapons but again there’s only about a handful of sounds some that don’t match. Warp drive is nice though, loud boom followed by an annoying repetitive whir sound, that I swear sounds like one of mass effects loading screens.  On the whole they need to fix the ones they have and to add more sounds.Sound: 2 of 5Story: There isn’t one, I don’t know why I’m here, what I’m doing here or much of what’s going on…I suppose this might be on purpose, I e Mine craft in space or other such build your own story. But I’d like some content please.Story: 1 of 5Replay ability: Ok so this is the only real thing holding Kinetic voids head above water. IF, and I strongly stress if, you can look pass the whole issues in the game sound, story gameplay. Then you can kill a lot of time here building ships and sailing amongst the stars, tweaking ships, etc.Replay ability: 4 of 5"
,Not Recommended,227160,32159203,Posted: 3 June,all,Cougarduke,"I genuinely regret not returning this game. This is $20 I will never get back. Please, just leave this store page and never return. I'll feel better if I can stop even one person from buying this garbage."
76561198051948331,Not Recommended,227160,19057264,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,exo_infinity,"I feel like there should be some sort of system in place for games that are abandoned by their developers like this. I get that it's a ""buyer beware"" kind of situation, but I also feel like when buying a game in early access, the customer should have some sort of assurance that the game will eventually be finished, unlike the incomplete state this was left in."
76561197986328223,Not Recommended,227160,19320807,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,gunseng,DO NOT BUY / SUPPORT DEVELOPERSGame is unfinished and abandoned
76561198027337530,Not Recommended,227160,23627810,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Sarathos,Outright abandoned; Do not purchase.
,Not Recommended,227160,13932826,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,「Reviire」,"Well first off, i was an idiot and bought this game without reading the reviews.I bought this because it looked fun and had the aspects of games i love, sandbox, space and ships you can build piece by piece (And customize it even further). I started it, and i was having lots of fun building my little ship.The problems started when i left the station, not only did my FPS drop to around 4, there is a complete lack of content and atmosphere.That's my short review."
,Not Recommended,227160,17987036,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Fox,"Unfinished concept game released from Early Access... not worth more than 3$, yet it's priced at 22$"
76561198028806546,Not Recommended,227160,23628017,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Dylan-san,Garbage. They promised so much and then the game just died off. I wish i could get my money back
76561197991994586,Not Recommended,227160,28307655,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Falcon,"Very dissaponted that development of this game was abandoned in alpha. I understand that this sometimes happens to Early Access titles, so I'm not angry about that.However, how are they allowed to take it out of Early Access and say it is a complete game? And why are Steam not displaying the real state of the game on the store page? At least when a game is in Early Access, it is made abundantly clear that it is incomplete, buggy and not necessarily going to be finished. By letting Badland Studio release it as if complete they are complicit in the deception. This applies to almost all EA abandonware on Steam..."
,Not Recommended,227160,13053229,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,La Tristanche,"You want an exemple of early access done well ? Don't go here.I bought this game very early in its early access stage (alpha I think, don't know I only played 5 hours in two years). At first I thought that the game was boring because it was an alpha, I was ready to let the time pass and try later when the game would be more polished and interesting.I gave it a try every few month, with every time the hope that it would be a nice game, every time I was not happy.The game pretend to be a mix of Eve, KSP and so on. Procedurally generated universe YEAH, ship costumization YEAH, an adventure of your own YEAHNone of that is good. First : ship building is not good. Far from it : the pieces are ugly, the interface is a nightmare, and it's overly complicated for a thing that offer very fews possibilites.Procedurally generated universe and adventures : the faction exists, the planets too, the mission too. But nowhere the game tells you how to accept a mission, how to dock on a space station, what the next thing you could do. I've got nothing about being free on a vast world (not even that vast the world) but what would be nice is some advices about how to get started. In fact the game throw you in it's universe, with a obnoxious and boring text tutorial and expect you to do stuff. Never it tells you what stuff you can do, never it explain youi how to accept missions. All you can do is touch every button with the hope you would find a useful thing (last playtrough I opened fire on a station because I wanted to dock, every patrol in the system warped to me an blew me to pieces)The game takethe worst of every of its inspiration and sublimate them. Well if you want a good space exploration game wait for Elite or Star Citizen, you can't make your own ship but at least it's interesting."
,Not Recommended,227160,19719441,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Duke_Of_Kings,"Bought this game a while ago thinking it would be exciting, devs have abandoned it leaving it a confusing mess."
76561198069491132,Not Recommended,227160,23498766,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,BASTARDIVS IMPERATOR REX ROMANVM,The definition of Scam
76561197969592814,Not Recommended,227160,33830942,Posted: 27 July,all,Anatidan,This game should be taken off the steam store.Game is incomplete and devs havn't worked on it for years.
,Not Recommended,227160,13114270,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Maestro Pugno,"Kinetic Void is another one of Kickstarter's darling children... that got kidnapped and found in a ditch 8 miles from its home. I have followed this game since its alpha, and it's been nothing but a bumpy ride. The devs initially promised a galaxy teeming with things to do, but it was rushed into release and now feels as empty as your relative-who-refuses-to-throw-anything-away's trashcan. The ship builder is great, until you realize that you lack the creative freedom that you yearn for. That's not to say there arent many parts, because there are a TON of parts, which could be a good or bad thing depending on how you personally feel. The combat, although recently updated, feels just lazy and not as inspired as the original concept, and the trade and relations systems are just boring to slog through and dont have much reward in the end. I spent most of my time as a pirate, as it gave me more things to do with enemies constantly on my tail, and that's another thing; the enemies are unrelenting. They refuse to give up, even if they are on the brink of death and you havent taken a scratch. In the end, Kinetic Void is not worth your time at all. Not even on sale."
,Not Recommended,227160,23510393,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The OVERLORD,"Absolute Garbage, unfinished game."
,Recommended,227160,9097268,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Tanvaras -SPG Walords DLC is out,"Kinetic Void - I originally bought KV for the ship building as I just enjoy playing Lego star ship building. Alas at the time I bought KV actually flying the ship was not that good, But!!........(EDIT 5th August 2014 : Dev Build 14 ship control is quite good, totally enjoying flying  my crazy designs)Things have changed for the better as patches came along. Now its fun to get your creation made and out into the galaxy, Combat has come a long way since release, and I myself find it fun whilst I fly my ship and bombard the unsuspecting with my weapons. Oh and Combat drones actually do their job, nothing like seeing a wing of my drones attacking the enemies along with my ships weapon systems.Building your ship, at times looks tedious. But its actually quite fun and simple once you understand its mechanics. There is a snap to grid type of mode and freehand mode for fine tuning a module of your ship for that certain look. I can literally spend all my time building a ship save it and begin another as I find it a ton of fun - It is my personal starship lego in my pc - Just a big kid at heart I think.Mining has also came quite a long way, drone now mine the asteroids etc, harvesting ores for selling (A lot more to come I am sure on mining, buts its off to a good start)Updates/patches come fast (I have noticed most Mondays there is an update) which shows the team dedication to KV. Some of the latest updates included some nice new backgrounds for the galaxies (Which I found to be excellent)Dev support is quite good, I think this is one place where any game company (AAA or Indie) can excel or die from. Thankfully KV's team is quite good at letting the game players upto date on things coming and patch information. I myself have posted a comment or two and have had the Dev Team reply auite quickly on the topics  (This is something I look for in an Indie Team/Alpha release games - A+ guys/gals)KV is still very alpha and most of us by now know what ""alpha"" means and if your unsure maybe wait a little longer, but I have not been disappointed with my purchase. KV has a long way to go with what is planned, but I think its going to be a fun ride as KV progresses into a full release.I own pretty much every space game from Elite on C64 to the latest flop by a AAA developer, and all I can say is:KV is another space game that I am happy to of added to my list of games I play each time I log into Steam.If space games are your genre, I recommend adding this Indie title to you collection, for the price you will get your moneys worth out of it indeed!!!!"
76561198054419081,Not Recommended,227160,13060149,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,lnomsim,"I greenlighted this game and downloaded it immediately after being realeased as early alpha on steam.I had fun at the beginig building ships, but after that ?It was already hard to find anything to do in outerspace and control were hard to understand. I tried locking target, nothing, firing, nothing, clearing target, nothing...But I continued to play. In the end, I stopped when the credit system was introduced since I couldn't build capital ship anymore.I come back 1 year later for the ""finished"" product and... Nothing changed at all.Yes, there are ""missions"", the first I had was going through checkpoints and fighting smuglers that had the exact same ship I just builded. And since the fighting system is the same, I couldn't figure how to defend myself. My canon was aligned, it fired in the void and 2 seconds later I was dead. So worth the 30 minutesI spent going through 2 checkpoint.The ""map"". Is that really a finished map ? Seriously ? Evevn I couldn't read the alpha version maps, they were batter than that.Impossibility to navigate or see what is in the sectors or system (Yeah, still can't tell the difference, for me a star= system, a sector = systems. And all object are blank basic 3d model they are not textured.I think I remeber it was possible to put waypoint in early access to know where we wanted to go. Not anymore, I just wandered never knowing what to do.There are a lot graphic glitches are hugly effects. First planet I encoutered, The atmospher disappeared sometime and there was a white line separating the two emispheres.Another thing, it is said that the game is in it public realease because all fetures goal were reached, so where is the cockpit view ?And where is the difference with the gme from 1 year ago ?"
,Not Recommended,227160,25162452,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Railer666,"The Developer has not updated this game for well over a Year.The website is down, the game is dead. If you feel ripped off,well thats because you were. I can't believe Steam would have this game for sale Knowing its dead. Steam you have a responsibility to your members to help keep them from being ripped off. I guess profit is more important."
76561198031053981,Not Recommended,227160,22736547,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,jamesbjoseph,"Abandoned mess, needs to be removed from the Steam store."
76561198021688713,Not Recommended,227160,24465477,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,gogololdodenon eagoglole,"I would keep my distance from this game. standard early access scam, will never be finished and the content that is in the ""game"" atm is lacking to put it mildly.Easily one of my worst purchases."
,Not Recommended,227160,12676558,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Redmatter,"Fantastic concept, will never be worth $20 dollars in it's current state.The game has a unique ship building system which is sort of unique. Otherwise, it's nothing special.There appear to be quite... 'variety' of things to do, and events that unfold througout the.. 'galaxy,' like wars, and what appears to be something similar to a stock market of sorts. Otherwise, that's it.I tried to see what this war thing was all about, only to find nothing different (in the few hours that I had spared after slowly traveling to it), heck even the spawnrate for hostile ships seemed the same.You can mine asteroids, salvage destroyed enemy ships, and fight enemy ships, follwed up by crashing into very badly textured planets, which you can't really do anything at, as of yet (I would think it might work as some sort of psuedo space station-asteroid that you could both mine and trade at, or whatever).The developers developed the system to be overly complex, only to supply extremely minimal explenations. Experimenting is almost a must, just to get a complete handle of how to do stuff. At some points, I even found myself pressing every single key on my keyboard, just to see which button did what, as there were no other ways to finding out, until maybe recently.The space flight itself is incredibly boring, and you may as well be running around in your room, holding a car in your hand, squeeling ""Vroom!"" like a child- although only moving your ship at a snails pace. In otherwords, the ships handle with an unnecessarily complex system (which about half is redundant/useless), and fly like toys.The combat is not much better, depending on how you do it.Most of the time, you will be just sitting there, either blasting your lasers/rockets/whatever at the enemy, whittling down their shields, and then their hull. Then they go boom. Then you move on.Sometimes, the ships even crash into your own, absolutely obliterating you.The best way to earn money is to just grind the asteroids away, and sell the ores you get at the stations. (which are now incredibly ♥♥♥♥ing hard to find, since they made only one every 2 lightyears spawn compared to the usual 10 or so in small groups you used to be able to find).The only problem with selling is that you need to first take your ship's inventory, move everything into the station's inventory, and then go to the shop, click on your inventory, then click on the checkbox for your cargo, then the ore/water you collected, then finally.. sell them for a measily price of what might as well be 2 cents.This might be easier if it were in a better GUI, and the redundant stuff being removed. (EG shops being able to buy your stuff directly from ship inventory).The exploration aspect is ok, but bassically once you'd seen a single system, you'd seen them all.the different faction ships are not really much different from the other faction's, even though the factions are random gen, which I understand- making randomly generated ships as well would probably be a bit too much for these devs.Regardless, there's no point in exploring, beyond trade (which combined with the slow-paced travel system = you tearing hair out).Rating?EDIT:1/10, minimal to no work has been done. Very little has been added, fixed or changed. Presumably, the project has been abandonded.Dont buy it, it will just be another game to taunt you with regret in your steam library."
76561197970651734,Not Recommended,227160,14285135,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Xyggy,"Got burned on this one. I got early access because I thought the premise was great. Too bad there's no actual game here. It's like the devs realized making games is actually hard, and then gave up.If you're considering this, don't! There's nothing to see here - literally."
,Not Recommended,227160,32327363,Posted: 10 June,all,Turch,This is the game that made me mistrust Early Access
,Not Recommended,227160,22489175,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,westside shawty,abandoned by the developers. please don't purchase
,Not Recommended,227160,13573763,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,daisy chain,"This game looked awesome and the promised content was, well... promising. But it was pushed out waaaaaaaay too soon and a lot of it was never delivered upon.It's not great. By one of the X games or something instead."
,Not Recommended,227160,14063581,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,voxel,"Finnicky ship designer allows you to put together some intersesting (or just plain ridiculous) designs, but that's about it. Gameplay is essentially non existant at time of writing"
,Not Recommended,227160,13290119,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,LazyArtistry,"The game is total incomplete and is barely an alpha release.  Textures and models look generic to terrible, the controls are not clear at all, and the game universe is totally empty.  This is barely a game."
76561197992928723,Recommended,227160,9826761,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Velks Suisonic,"First off i would like to say that this is almost a cut and paste from another review I have done.  If your reading this review, you already know if the game will be anything close to what your looking to play.  I am here to review the Devs of the game.  So many teams out there pump whatever dribble they please out without consideration of those playing the game.  Ive owned the game for a long time and when I got the game it was very incomplete.  As of todays patch I will be loading it up again to see the progress.  The newest patch made me reread some of the discussions and reviews, just to see the team be concerned over positive and negative reviews as they are, and the way they phrase the responses has led me to admire and respect them.  And I know my experience and concerns about the product will be addressed with the same level of care.  Dont take that for granted people, if your just looking into the game be assured your opinion counts and just buy it already, support good devs and help shape the things to come."
76561198032267321,Not Recommended,227160,33936665,Posted: 31 July,all,ASP,Last Update: 30/1/2015
,Not Recommended,227160,19886975,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DragonShadow,"Bought it despite the reviews because I caught it at 90% off, still not worth the $2 I spent. Everything about the UI is clunky and nonsensical, and there's very little in the way of gameplay, if it can be called that. The shipbuilding is deplorable, and that's what drew me to it in the first place. I didn't have the heart to put in even a few more minutes after the wretched experience."
76561198027931491,Not Recommended,227160,25505387,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Will86C,Abandonware. Never updated. Developer website is offline. Game is unfinished.
,Not Recommended,227160,14252207,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Dynaben,It's a great shipbuiling tool. It was supposed to be a great many other things.
,Not Recommended,227160,14843745,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sherrif,"Highly incomplete game, the controls don't make sense. It crashes, and it has no real tutorial. It has info popups, but alot of them aren't helpful and the ones that might be are hard to understand without a firm grasp on another mechanic that wasn't explained.There seems to be no real missions or campaign, there's nothing to really do as far as I can tell. It has screenshots of cool things on the steam page, but I just can't manage to get out of making my first ship and not dying to the randomly generated bandits that kill me before the environment fully loads.This game is broken, buggy, and content incomplete. They said it was released because they couldn't be arsed to finish it. A true exploitation of early access, considering they haven't really done much since it was first realeased on steam.Also, for those talking about ths ship builder being the best part of the game... Space Engineers has far better ship building that is easier to understand, and Space Engineers has a little something to do with the ships. This game has nothing to do once you make a ship."
76561198077092804,Not Recommended,227160,24728898,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,EbonyWeltall,Easily one of the worst purchases I ever made. Game has stagnated since release. No updates. It's dead. Don't buy.
76561198075535328,Not Recommended,227160,14908387,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Marc Wit a C,there just nothing to do in this game just only buliding most of the time and boring combat to it
76561198012581473,Not Recommended,227160,16752231,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Chrisman01,"This is one of those Early Access games that had a ton of promise, but was broken, buggy, and all but unplayable due to crashes and overall instability.So, I shelved it.Today I was looking through my library and saw it isn't early access anymore!  ...But the last update was about 5 months ago, people are still complaining about the same issues, and the devs have completely abandoned it!This is one of those games that are case in point to be VERY careful about investing in Early Access.  DO NOT buy this game."
,Not Recommended,227160,24420040,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Zehro,"Been around since the first days of Early Access. It showed a lot of promise but very little content was released and won't be released for the years to come.After two years of no updates, my hopes are anything but alive for this dead product. I would advise to not buy it and just tread carefully with your future investments."
76561198008817486,Not Recommended,227160,22623703,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Rallaster,buying this game helped me learn that you can hide the games in your steam library that you are ashamed to admit that you bought
,Not Recommended,227160,29478343,Posted: 25 January,all,Kodos Macarthur,"This game had great potential. Sadly, there's been no updates for 2 years that I know of.  Save your money and move along for now.  I'll edit this review if the situation changes."
76561198009009210,Recommended,227160,12885046,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,InkySquid,"First thing's first. I enjoy Kinetic Void a lot. I've had this game for over a year now, and in that time I've seen it progress remarkably far, with most of the work going into the Shipyard (by far this game's most impressive feature) and the general usability. The game is in a very playable state, but make sure you read at least some of the tutorials and give it some time to get used to the way the editor works - it's a great tool if you give it time.The shipyard, where you build your vessels, is almost at completion (I think they mentioned more parts were to be added), but mechanically it's there and it's very robust. There's a working galactic economy, and factions will vie for control of star systems.Yes, the game's got lots of features to come - some more ambitious ones rely on good sales -  but then what other game allows you to choose almost any given space ship from any game/movie/series that someone has built and fly it around in a sandbox galaxy. You can also change the game files so that, say, one faction uses all Star Destroyers, while another has ships from the Halo universe, Mass Effect or whatever you like.And this is without mentioning the hundreds of stellar, original, designs created by players and uploaded to the workshop (early workshop integration was an excellent decision by the devs). Most 'Space' games will give you the choice of a handful of ships to pilot and own, whereas KV's 'build your own' approach means that aside from as many as YOU can build, you can tap into the creative output of hundreds of other players, many of whom have written backstory/lore for their ships in their workshop descriptions. These can be used to populate your universe.The Devs are very open about how the game is progressing and I think that they are helped by a strong community. You get responses to any feedback or bug reports you leave very quickly and the direction in which the game is headed is very clearly layed out.I spend about 90% of my time on this game in the shipyard, so I should make it clear that unless you plan to immerse yourself in the ship creation aspect, you probably won't get the most out of Kinetic Void, but if, like me, you get sucked up into the whole creative process of building a ship from scratch, you can't go wrong. A big thumbs up from me! :)"
76561198036548780,Not Recommended,227160,13066370,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Dial-Up Cowboy,"Having bought this in early access a while back, I saw a great potential in Kinetic Void that I hoped would someday be realised. Sadly, with it reaching its milestone v1.0 just a few days ago, I cannot in good faith recommend this game, for reasons I'll outline below.First and foremost, this game still feels very, very unfinished. Going purely on the surface aesthetics, the visuals (which I remain a fan of) may be reasonable, but the interface remains a chore to interact with and there's something distinctly offputting about the cumbersome text windows used to introduce you to the game's mechanics. Overall, it's adequate. But that's all.In terms of gameplay, Kinetic Void has changed in a few subtle but relatively significant steps since the early access builds of a month or two ago. The economy system seems to be in full drive, and the updates you receive regarding loss of cargo et cetera definitely maintain the connection between you and the big wide galaxy. In terms of the ship-to-ship combat, however, I find that even in its supposedly finished state the controls are unintuitive, with a host of keyboard bindings to memorise which, while I could get to grips with, might not be everyone's cup of tea. There's also nothing particularly inspiring about the combat- you lock on to a ship, then let your guns auto-fire on them until either you or they explode. You can try and manually fire your guns with the handy target-leading reticule now implemented, but it's still painfully monotonous and generally a wasted effort. That, and with the drastic reduction in flight speed that was implemented a while back, the game still plays very slowly and dogfights, which used to be relatively intense, are now relatively lacklustre.Regarding other aspects of the game: the music remains the same as it's been since I first bought it, and is for the most part adequate. It's occasionally repetetive, and the game possesses no facility for contextual change, so combat will sound basically identical to drifting aimlessly through space. Of storyline there is essentially no sign, but then this was never supposed to be a story-driven game, so there's no discredit meant by that. What could have been a well thought out and richly populated universe, however, has been sacrificed for the sake of customisation.This is indeed my problem with this game. Yes, you read that right. My main problem with Kinetic Void is the degree of customisation. Normally, I love games that include vast and excessively complex levels of customisation. What Kinetic Void offers, however, is a deceptively shallow amount of purely aesthetic customisation. Sure, you can build whatever shape ship you want and put whatever guns you want on it. But essentially, what do all those guns do? They're essentially reskins of the same gun, with different 'on-paper' stats. There's no distinct feel to it. As a game intended to be played more than once, Kinetic Void has little to involve the player and prompt different playthroughs. That lack of distinction is where I feel the game really falls down, and it's a problem I've seen with several games offering the same degree of customisation as Kinetic Void. The developers have clearly made a conscious effort to give the player a unique experience with plenty of options, and I respect that. But that breadth comes at the expense of depth. The universe of Kinetic Void is as harsh and barren as space itself, populated with empty, identical ships that maintain a visual pretense of being different. It's a very specific issue I have with the game, and I realise that many people might not feel the same way about it, but as someone whose expectations were built up significantly by the early-access hype, I cannot help but feel disappointed with how Kinetic Void has progressed.On a positive note, the developers intend to continue adding features, meaning that there may be a little light at the end of the tunnel for us early-access buyers. For the most part, however, I feel that with significant overhaul now a recently dead prospect, Kinetic Void is and will always be simply an 'adequate' iteration of a dream that could have been great."
76561197974332808,Not Recommended,227160,31942315,Posted: 24 May,all,shrimpofdoom,"1. Green light   :)2. Early access   ;)3. Money grab?!?   :|4.""RED LIGHT!!!"":(5. ...Regret buying in Early Access!   >:("
,Not Recommended,227160,14088445,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,toastghost73,"Ok I've had it with the rude developers who have no patience and censor the forum, recently a post was wondering if they should get this  or star made, pretty much every post said star made, so you know what the developers did... deleted the question and banned me from going on the dissusions again for posting that they should stay away from this game and that it was my worst purchase, I don't know if it was just me who was banned or if others were too, I'd reccomend you stay away from this game with a 10 foot stick and warn your friends currently im messaging steam for the moderator abuse, Kinetic Void? No Pathetic Avoid"
,Not Recommended,227160,26331198,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Kuronae,"Kinetic Void is a good idea that never made it.  There was so much potential in this game, yet it failed in almost every aspect.  When I purchased it in Early Access, I knew there was the possibility of failure as there always is.  That makes it even more sad that this game is in such a terrible state.Not everything about it is bad.  There is so much good in the ship building, nearly rivalling the Galactic Civilization games in terms of level of customization.  The concepts the devs had in mind for the game showed promise.  It could've been a good Battlecruiser game for once.But that's about where the good aspects of the game ends.  The ship building is far from being complete, with many, if not most, of the ship component mechanics not properly or fully implemented.  The gameplay is largely shallow and unfinished.  Almost everything promised for the players was left out, as if the devs decided to completely abandon the game rather than finish it.Which is effectively what they did.  They decided that a game in its alpha stages was good enough to sell people and stopped updating it.  This game could have been a proper Battlecruiser-style game that was actually good for once.  Instead, it's an abandoned and unfinished mess without any word on why they did so.  This could've genuinely been good, had they finished."
,Not Recommended,227160,20363832,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Frankith,Incomplete game that didn't live up to its promises
,Not Recommended,227160,30756378,Posted: 26 March,all,lamados,"abandonware/əˈbandənwɛː/nouncomputer software that is no longer distributed or supported by the developer or copyright holder.""those who illegally distribute abandonware on the Web see themselves as archivists who are helping save old computer programs for posterity"""
,Not Recommended,227160,33862858,Posted: 28 July,all,hallucigenia,"When I bought this game I was very excited to play it. There was no meat outside of the ship building so I left the game alone till it had more gameplay, till it had quests and missions etc. That day never came and I was left with a Kinetic void in my wallet where my Steamfunds used to be."
76561198044622701,Not Recommended,227160,13056809,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Words And Chaos,"As of this write up I've played about 6 hours of Kinetic Void, according to Steam.The main draw to this is obviously going to be ship building and customisation.There seems to be a fair number of parts to mix and match between and the editor, once you get used to it, is fairly intuitive. There are some bugs with the mirroring tool that desperately need to be worked out – at times the game will not recognise that the mirrored part is positioned in a perfectly valid location, despite registering the original component as being fine to put down. You can pretty much attach whatever you want to whatever you want. Go nuts – it’s not going to stop you. The basic shapes are generally quite blocky, but there’s enough manipulation to go around that you can, with a little innovation, make some interesting ships and they won’t look like a spruced up Minecraft creation.Combat, despite being a central focus of this game, isn’t particularly mind-blowing. It’s mid-way between EVE and X3. You won’t get straight up X3 style twitch-based dog-fighting, but you won’t be forced to watch your ship auto-pilot in circles which you hit hotkeys 1-9 to fire your missiles. It's a bit clunky but it works and there's some room for skill involved, alongside some tactical considerations to think about.There's an economy. Who knows how it works, but it does. And you start to realise how essential non-combatants are in a universe. Games like X3, Vegastrike, etc - you see so many random little shuttles and traders and civilian craft trundling around the universe from station to station. For the most part they aren't actually doing anything, but it's nice to have them there – they add a bit of flesh to the skeleton. In Kinetic void, you don't have that. There are only military grade ships. This is tied into, and probably because of, the way the game determines what class a ship is - procedurally based on various factors. But it also means that everything is flatly centred on combat. Feasibly you could populate the universe with your own cargo tugs and passenger shuttles and so on and so forth: but everything seems to be classed as a combat vessel, and so you don't want to run up against a fleet of unarmed cargo tugs that the AI has pulled out of the background because it thinks they're fighters.You can mine in this game and you can trade, but you are the only person mining in the entire universe, and you are the only actual trader in the universe. That makes it feel very lifeless, despite the fact that there are usually a fair number of ships flying around. The economy runs in the background, and events occur and things change it, but none of it happens in front of you. It doesn't appear to be as fleshed out as it should be. As far as I can tell there are two stations in the entire game: the ship station and the mining station. The mining station appears to be for visual effect only. You can't dock at it and it doesn't do anything. So you mine an steroid for about 5 different resources, trade them for credits at the all-in-one station, and upgrade your ship. There really doesn't appear to be an on-the-surface economy and that’s really disappointing because it’s only logical to conclude that you can’t actually affect the economy through the economy. If you can, you are the only one capable of doing it, when you should be just one more ship in the universe. Where are the other mining vessels drilling into asteroids? Where are the other scavengers going after scrapped vessels? Where are the merchants trying to make a profit from the uncertain wartime market? What are these resources going towards? Why do they exist? What do they build? Who knows.The universe needs more persistence. Enemies will show up in your sector, usually accompanied by mission markers, and you can run or fight. They'd be more of a threat if they could affect things if they could harass trade lanes, kill merchants, and affect the economy underlying the various wars that sprout up. Or if they just stayed in system after you've docked. Because they instantly de-spawn the minute you dock so the system gets reset to 0, which means that anything that looked like it could be interesting, could potentially produce emergent scenarios, etc.... well that's gone. This really needs to be fixed, because it undermines everything that a space sim should be about.You don’t feel like you’re immersed in the game – just skimming the surface of the under-lying calculations. Wars happen, sectors are taken, but there’s no apparent war. Someone desperately called me to this frontline battle. I expected to be way in over my head, but I thought it would be worth the view, so I jumped into the conflict. Nothing. Concerned that I had got the wrong system, I checked the map. Yep - active war zone designation. I was in a war zone without a shot being fired. The faction holding the zone lost, and were eradicated, but nobody saw them fighting an enemy.Planetary flight is fun to have. Not much more to say.Kinetic Void just doesn't feel like it has the depth that you expect from a space sim. It doesn't seem to know whether it wants to be a universe simulation or a combat simulation, and ends up in this strange space between. I honestly wouldn't say it's at 1.0 status. It feels like space sim lite. The ship building is good fun, the fact that your own ships start to populate the universe around you is brilliant. But the universe itself just doesn't feel very alive and that undermines the whole experience.The game will run on a potato: with everything turned down to very low it runs on a mid-2010 Macbook pro with 320M chipset at a decent clip and doesn't stutter much."
,Not Recommended,227160,9840028,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,WaitingToCompile,"NOTE: this only covers what the game is in its current state, as more content is added I may (read probably) change to recommending this game.The premisce of this game is gorious, build a beautiful spaceship from parts, stick modules in and fly around in a proceduraly generated universe. However at the moment there isn't enough content in the game to justify the purchase. While there are plenty of parts and they look lovely, adding modules is very tedious, and most of them don't even do anything yet. The combat currently fells quite lacking, fly towards an enemy, lock onto them and push a button to turn on your guns. Now keep your ship so the guns can turn to face them and try to stay in range.Then there are the performance issues. The performance of the game isn't great, about as good as you could expect from an alpha. Both content and performance wise the game is improving, but I personally will require more real gameplay to be added before I am prepared to recoomend this game."
76561198107800897,Not Recommended,227160,13356347,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Cameroniii,"This game is an absolute piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Believe me, I tried to build a ship, but couldn't figure out how to ♥♥♥♥ing change the controls. There are some you can and some you can. I can't express how disapointed I am. Glad the developer of this game spent more time making graphics then basic video game mechanics. Those fancy graphics lag the living ♥♥♥♥ out of my computer anyway, even if you can turn them down. There is a special place in a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥for this game. Iv'e had more fun getting kicked in the balls than playing this game. It's not a game if you can't ♥♥♥♥ing play it. 0.3/10"
76561197982621062,Recommended,227160,13070893,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Carch,"I bought this a long time ago on early access, I think almost a year ago? since then it's really come a long way, and while there are indeed still some things that need balancing or that can/will be expanded upon it is already a very enjoyable game.Reading the other reviews I wonder if I'm even writing this for the right game *checks* ahem. yes. same game. strange.The shipbuilder is fantastic, there are very few games which allow you to build the ship you want to this degree, and while it's true there isn't much in the way of story or goals, it is very much a space exploration/flying game. combat is somewhat simplistic, made a bit more complex by the weapon arcs and that you design the ship yourself. so if you want something that's very much head-on? design it that way! prefer to blast foes apart with broadsides? go for it! etc. etc.It runs good on my pc, but I am at the high end, and have no knowledge on how it'd run on lower capacity rigs.EDIT:some further information to anyone looking at the release of kinetic void and thinking of DF9's... issues. yesterday I reported 3-4 issues on their threads, and within 6 hours two of them were resolved for the next patch, and now, 25 hours after reporting it, all the issues have been resolved for the next patch. So at the very least for now, this is not a double-fine 'Lets release the game and stop working on it' case. How it'll develop I cannot say, But the developers are clearly actively and responsively working on fixing the few issues it still has.in short, they have in no way released and abandoned this title."
76561198022289105,Not Recommended,227160,25176787,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,88blacklabel,"-pay full price for game early accessbased on devs promises.-they go on to release this. With little to nonews of progress.-heard half the team left on bad terms-write bad review.-Get personally insulted by dev. and my review deleted.- keep this in your account and see it daily and just fume.This is the most realistic mugging simulator i've ever played.Say no to early access, Not even once."
,Not Recommended,227160,22728904,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,AttillaTheNun,Project is dead.  Cash grab.
76561198006133300,Not Recommended,227160,23312672,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Yggdrasil,Never actually made it out of early access.
,Not Recommended,227160,23550570,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Compuguy123,skam
76561198052494143,Not Recommended,227160,32705469,Posted: 23 June,all,r242,The game that  tought me to hate early acces
,Not Recommended,227160,23104279,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Dal ☑ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ,"completely abandoned, I would request a refund if I could.stay away from this scam"
,Not Recommended,227160,28246035,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Cipher,dead
,Not Recommended,227160,26758228,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Moose King,Abandoned and incomplete
,Not Recommended,227160,19337529,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Infydar,Yet another Early-Access game that has been abandoned.
76561198054594611,Not Recommended,227160,23316240,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,M8xtor,"I got this game when it has just entered early access, then it was a decent experience.  Then it started to degrade, first it was the shipbuilder, then the UI, and finally the controls went to complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥  Now this game is just a dead shell of what it could of been, and its pretty sad to see as it is.  If this had gone to a different, more compitent development team, then it would of stood a chance at being a good game.TL:DRThe first alpha build was better than this mess."
76561198064273337,Not Recommended,227160,13064002,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Goldroman22,"while i want the game to be fun and entertaining...its just not. and that makes me sad. this game, while in its self is a good idea. in reality its just a broken pile of good ideas poorly put together in the hopes of a fukkin fantastic game, someting that i thought was goona happen. sadly it did not. and while i want that to happen i dont know if it will. if it gets better i'll change my revew, if i remember the game by then. im sad to see that all the grand hopes of the devs fall so hard but i do hope they get the game in gear and fix this.goldroman22"
,Not Recommended,227160,13053292,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Grin_Quidam,Kinetic Avoid. Another incomplete space game into the bin.
76561198080297610,Not Recommended,227160,13058770,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ImperialHedgehog,"I got the game a while back while it was still in alpha because I liked the concept of the game: build your ship and explore the universe. However, it was rather raw then (and understandably so at such an early stage), so I put it aside with hopes it would mature into a great game. I wish I could say that that is what happened, but when I played the 1.0 release of it, my hopes quickly vanished. They've improved the UI somewhat since the game was in alpha, but the game and the UI are still somewhat glitchy and feel clunky.The biggest failing that I see in it though lies in what I (personally at least) expect in a sandbox type game. To work a sandbox has to provide an immersive universe in some way such as the building mechanics in space engineers or enough universe lore and detail that the player can feel like a part of everything around him or her. Without this, what would be a glorious sandbox becomes a sloppy game with no objectives. Unfortunately, I see kinetic void as a sloppy game with no objectives right now.I'm sorry to give such a negative review. I hope some people find enough good in the game to still enjoy it, but for me it was a waste of money."
76561198083470540,Not Recommended,227160,32197404,Posted: 5 June,all,tjandcats,What can i say i loved this game was happy to see new updates then oneday thay stoped and will naver start again save your money get any other game.
,Not Recommended,227160,23979210,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Menegroth Susej,"Of all my Steam purchases, this is the one that I regret the most. This is still pretty much in alpha and I've lost hope it'll ever be ""complete"". Please, save your money and buy something else. A Snickers, maybe."
76561198014249221,Not Recommended,227160,19635704,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Captain Eli,"Unfortunately, the game isn't finished, in any sense of the word.  I luckily only spent about 5 ish dollars on the title, but those 5 dollars were honestly probably wasted."
,Not Recommended,227160,29894525,Posted: 13 February,all,Petersaber,"It's been abandoned, unfortunetly. That's a shame, it had a lot of promise."
76561197996691858,Not Recommended,227160,28699519,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dhaos,Literally not worth anything. Went to alpha -  collected some money - declared alpha over without updating anything - still collecting money. Scam game
76561198091762262,Not Recommended,227160,18634454,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Dmaned11123,Last update was almost 1 year ago.  Gameplay is close to non-existant.  Game is unfinished and will never be finished so only spend your money on this game if you understand that.
76561198017696643,Recommended,227160,7773579,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,quetzalcoatl000,"Played it a while, game is in very early access, it is still being developed. The space ship building aspect of it is fun, it need more work but if your into building games and space games than this game is for you."
76561198067073744,Not Recommended,227160,27327249,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fixer,Another game abandoned by its developers mid-production.
,Not Recommended,227160,31464418,Posted: 30 April,all,Thyde,This game is why steam reviews are a thing
76561198009550819,Not Recommended,227160,7798712,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Demonocolips,alright im redoing this review because there was an update recently that fixed some of the issues with the game. the game performs much better now and the interface has also improved.it is much easier to install parts into your creations and build ships. though certain things are seperated out so if you want to install armor onto ALL your turrets you have to select them all individually same with your enginesonce you get into open space my framrate doesnt tank as badly as it once did. now it only tanks when im being swarmed by enemies and my turrets attempt to lock onto them. also framerate tanks whenever i open the map screen which is weird.the building is first rate but the combat is based upon a turret system so if you want to actually control the weapons you have to press an auxilary button to fire them yourself. otherwise all the weapons feel really♥♥♥♥♥♥weak with no noticible difference between the large and small weapons in terms of damage though the smaller ones usually fire faster. the automated targeting with the weapons is rather slow and you can find your systems overloaded if you mark to many targets at once. even then i have had times when i have marked just one target and though its still within range they wont actually fire at the enemies.can i recommend it now. on gameplay no. the menus have gotten better so i can recommend the game on that.
,Not Recommended,227160,14873195,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Stalker1o2,"Dev Spent the Money ment for the Game (Kinetic Void game is not complete ) on his personal Collection games which is ( 1,156 Games Owned, 1,332 DLC Owned ) So if you want to support his game collection buy this but it will not support Kinectic Void its self he is on Daily playing the latest games but can't be active on his own forums for the game he created.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS POS DEV.Clearly has no Morals nor does not care about his community anymore."
,Not Recommended,227160,13057048,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,MegaJohnny,"Yet another unfinished game rushed out of Early Access. This would pass as ""promising but needs a lot of work"" if it was still Early Access, but for a release game it's just shameful."
76561198009287632,Not Recommended,227160,13221162,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,[PsI] Operative13,"As an early-access, I would have recommended it for its potential, however as a full-game I would avoid it. The only clear selling-point to this game is the creative ship-building one could do, but outside that realm, the gameplay gets tedious and monotone."
76561198002840441,Not Recommended,227160,24079373,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Angstistenz,Paid abondonware...
,Not Recommended,227160,31233659,Posted: 19 April,all,Confused Fox,"Game is dead, totally. Where I came here in 2014 there were nothing but a ship editor. Years passed, nothing changed. Don't buy it."
76561197976812896,Not Recommended,227160,30160350,Posted: 24 February,all,Social Diseases,Your standard early access success story and one of the first early access games.Which is to say it was a scam that was abandoned unfinished.
76561198043962835,Not Recommended,227160,23886548,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TOMASz,"Terrible Game, build a ship and do nothing."
,Not Recommended,227160,28434362,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Arkkienkeli,The absolute worst kind of scam early access has to offer. ♥♥♥♥ you Badland Studio for trying to pass this as a finished product and ♥♥♥♥ you Valve for letting them.
76561197974725758,Not Recommended,227160,14935621,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Warpig33,"I was really excited about the game when Purchased it the game was still in early release and had its flaws, but as time went on the flaws were never fixed. The ship builder is pretty cool but its hard to figure out how everything works (not everything does). Then when you actualy build a ship that works there really isnt a point other than flying around. The game offers no direction which isnt a bad thing (space engineers) but the sandbox feel is lost after building your ship. Trading is difficult to understand and resource gathering is bugged.As of now 3/15 the game lacks a sense of purpose for the player. Why should I mine? Why should I gather salvage? Why should I fight these pirates (other than its the part of the game that works the best).If your looking for a game with no real goal and no reason to play any farther than building a ship and shooting something this game is for you. BUT if you want a game that actualy has play value and will keep you envolved for more than 4 hours look elsewear. THIS IS NOT A SANDBOX GAME. ITS NOT EVEN A SPACE ADVENTURE GAME. THE ONLY TAG THEY GOT RIGHT IS SIMULATION AND THAT ISNT EVEN 100% CORRECT"
,Not Recommended,227160,34136821,Posted: 9 August,all,everlution,Early Access duped me again. Basically why I don't do it anymore. Avoid.
76561197983367080,Not Recommended,227160,34366309,Posted: 19 August,all,Mr. Spongecake,Game is unfinished. Kinetic Avoid this title.
,Not Recommended,227160,23162640,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Viymese,"UPDATE!Since the last time I looked at this game proper much hasn't changed, however I will say this. It's still complicated as ♥♥♥♥, still very boring after you build your ship, and still without much meat. However, it's still alive and the devloper (Maybe there's another? I dunno...) is still working on this machination of code, modeling, and texturing.My previous post was just a stupid bandwagon thing from long-ish time ago. Now that I've tried it again I can still say this...IF!AND ONLY IF!You can handle the game as it is right now or think you can try it and then return it in the window of time that Steam has to return an item. Do it, try it out and see what you think, if you like it and think you can be patient for it to grow. Then buy it,m but if it's not solmething you think you can invest in... Don't, simply watch and wait till you see when it's worth the investment.My offer to gift this game still stands, but is currently looking to go to user Lunchbox.If someone decides to claim it after him, then they can have it if he doesn't responde.OLD ""REVIEW"" BELOW! _________________________________________________________Honestly, when it first came out, I was hoping for the best. However, that failed and I was left with a game that I paid $20 for, that I could replicate the results with a few days in Blender with more to show for it.Avoid this game, don't purchase it, if someone wants to try it I'll happily gift it to you. Share the knowledge of the game and it's atrocities."
,Not Recommended,227160,24578845,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Blasphemaster,Don't bother. This game is total garbage.
,Not Recommended,227160,24546438,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,NATOSpyder,This was a mistake.
,Not Recommended,227160,21362152,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Doomsower,"What a letdown. This game has one of the most in-depth ship creators I've ever seen, and that part of the game is really cool. Then it got abandoned before the rest could be implemented or polished. Once you make the ship you can fly it around, but my interest was quickly lost. The combat and the universe and the ideas/mechanics are just lackluster, either broken or barely formed. The ideas seemed great, but ultimately you'll want to avoid getting this. There are other games that are similar that actually DID get completed. I wish that it would get finished, but it seems utterly forgotten."
76561198052103410,Not Recommended,227160,13423603,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,tzenoch,"Kinetic void is plainly one of those games that you should avoid. The graphics are sub-standard. They come out to be cartoony. Also the game is terribly optimized. When i got this 1 year ago, i could run it fine. With all the changes they made to the engine, I can't even run it at the lowest settings. These issues are just the smallest tip of this mountain of crap. First there are no mechanics in this game. Build a ship, get blown up, blow up other ships. There is no universe, there are no missions. There is no story. There is absolutely nothing to do, but build ships. However, the ship maker has gotten more and more complex to the point that a new palyer will rather just give up than play for 3 hours to find the correct modules to put on their ship. After those 3 hours, you can just wander around. The devs really disappointed me by releasing this hald-baked product. It is half-baked, all those nice promises on their EA page, lies....just lies. Even worse some of thsoe promises are being turned into DLC. Really? Really? Are EA and Ubisoft your inspirations? DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
11235813213455891,Not Recommended,227160,19377420,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Number 1 PUBG Player,"Had potential, but is unfinished and was abandoned by the devs, not worth your money."
,Not Recommended,227160,15268112,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Trywelyn,"The only good part to this game is the ship builder and the graphics.Been waiting for two years now, and still there is barely any actual gameplay to this mess. It is clear that the devs have just given up on it.Buy X3/Elite if you want to explore space. If you want a meaningful ship builder that's just as pretty, buy Galactic Civilisations III.There is nothing to recommend here. Just empty promises and a hollow shell of a game.*sigh* And this game had so much potential."
,Not Recommended,227160,26622065,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Δ Master Delta Chief Δ,"It isn't a finished game at all. It looked promising at the beginning of the development but after a while, it just went completely dead. It's very unfortunate that this had to happen. I want a refund but I have this game for ages and unfortunately am unable to do so."
76561198005921353,Not Recommended,227160,24403307,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,ScottTheScottyDog,"Thank you Kinetic Void, you have taught me NEVER to buy into early-access."
,Not Recommended,227160,18818546,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,[3305]  Longscope,"Abandon-ware. This needs to be removed from steam, honestly. It'll never be finished."
76561197964117915,Not Recommended,227160,13059771,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,DiMori.tedo201,This doesnt' even really qualify as a game at this point.  Like many others I had high hopes and was fairly disappointed.   Even if you got this on a steam sale for 5 dollars you paid too much.
,Not Recommended,227160,13084994,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Osprey,"Saw this game and fell in love with the conceptBought it while it was on sale for a bitStarted playing, and I was crushed. This game claims to be a ""living, breathing thing"", but in my expirence playing it, I only witnessed emptiness and poor execution. With no real directive to anything, at all, this game plops you out in space and expects you to know everything. Maybe I just did something wrong, maybe I suck at video games, but this game did not live up to my expectations at all.Concept : 10/10Execution: Ifeelcheated/10"
,Recommended,227160,12043571,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Cham? Jarred? Who knows?,"Note that this review is written and submitted for a currently unfinished game(as of September 10th 2014), and that anything therein is subject to change.Kinetic Void is a pretty decent looking space simulator with a lot of potential and a small but dedicated development team. I figure that the easiest way to review the game is to just list off a few of the more notable pros an cons as they are at the time of writing this review.PROS:-The game has a fairly robust ship creator/editor that allows you to make some really interesting and complex stuff if you sit down and practice a bit-The player has a good amount of control over various aspects of both their ship and their way of spacefaring. Controls are fluid, weapons are responsive, and the game supports both keyboard and mouse control of the player's ship.-It was interesting to learn that ship designs you save can potentially be used by NPCs, including enemies.-The development team takes their time with updates, but is extremely consistent and dedicated in their work. New content might take a while, but I've never felt that the game has been abandoned by the devs like so many other early access titles.CONS:-Being early-access, there are still a number of bugs and other assorted issues to be ironed out. You're accepting that fact by purchasing the game in an incomplete state-Space is almost realistically a bit too empty a lot of the time. I'd really like to see the number and variety of structures in each system increased-Currently the variety of parts in the game is fairly large, but all parts are locked to one of five size classes, meaning that it can sometimes be difficult to make attractive ships, mainly smaller craft like fighters and interceptors.-The game has little in the way of missions or goals. You're dropped in and expected to find your way around the vast expanse of space on your own. This will most likely be fixed later, but hey, that's life, you know?Overall, I'd recommed this game to a friend if I knew that they were interested in a space sim that will eventually be very in-depth and detailed. Right now the game is still very lacking in features, but I have faith in the dev team to complete Kinetic Void, and the amount of content and bug fixes increases with every update."
76561197983286036,Not Recommended,227160,25876380,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[Peńos]Vangotha,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........\.............. _.·´............\..............(The devs can suck my left nut"
76561198026997819,Not Recommended,227160,15803259,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Mrwho,"If you read most of the negative comments they all right about this game.Unfinishe, unpolished. way too complex for its own good and good idea wasted on proboly burned out developers.There are better games to waste money with right now so go invest on those."
76561198098236497,Not Recommended,227160,15131730,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Nuclear Narwhal,"Man oh man did I really want to enjoy this game, but I just couldn't.Let me start off by saying that the ship creator is absolutely amazing. There are hundreds of parts and weapons that basically ensure each ship you make is never exactly the same as the last. There are literally trillions of design options you can make with this. You can make a tiny fighter, or a giant space city, and everything in between. I have literally spent hours exploring many different unique designs in this game, and it was simply a fun experience.But what about when you finish making your ship? What do you do then?Well, thats where the fun ends.After you make your ship you have the option go out into the vast vacuum of space and explore. Except, theres not much to explore.All you can do in this game is fight with other ships, or warp to random areas with planets.The planets have enterable atmospheres, but the surfaces have absolutely nothing. Basically all you do is engage in random combat with any ship you see. You can't trade. You can't make the life that you want to like the devs promised. All you can do is fight.But you'd think that when fighting is the only mechanic in the game, it would be extremely good, right?You would think wrong.The combat system is outright horrible. You have the option to manually fire your weapons, or have them fire automatically based on groups you assign them.  Its a good system when you look at it on paper, except that all weapons have a range of less than 2 feet. They cannot hit anything at range AT ALL. Not only that, but certain weapons won't fire when you tell them to, if they fire at all, especially in the group system. Even when you're facing the direction those weapons are supposed to be pointing to, they stillwill not fire.There are way too many near game breaking bugs that plague this game. It likes to crash. A lot. Many times have I lost my shipbuilding progress to a crash. There are many graphic related bugs like the planet textures not loading properly, and your ship sometimes appearing completely white.Overall, I cannot recommend this game at all. There is little content and way too many bugs. It's not even worthy of being an early access game, let alone a full release.I tried so hard to love this game, I really did. But in the end it was simply a bucket full of disappointment."
76561197972047967,Not Recommended,227160,23124122,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Eric,Just disrespectful that Steam will even have this up still.
,Not Recommended,227160,14268123,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Grimmnir,"While it was early access it had a really promissing concept and it made hell lot of fun building your ship. I was looking forward to the finished game but it basically still has the same ingame early access game (story, quests etc.) content which is not really existing."
,Not Recommended,227160,14086248,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Cafall,"A great, if complex, shipbuilder. You can build pretty much anything, look however you want it to.Once you get past that initial ship construction...A terrible, terrible excuse for a game.An unfinished mess, sadly."
,Not Recommended,227160,24409774,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Limey21,"Had this deep into EA , the devs hardly updated the ""game"" now it's a broken shell with hardly any content.Gabe sold his soul to the devil letting rubbish like this onto steam, hope it was worth it."
76561198067341821,Recommended,227160,13215358,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Garm,"2016 Update: Game is in stasis as the lead dev is now alone on the team and is looking for help to continue the project.TLDR; game has one awesome ship builder and ship workshop collection that lets you pit your builds against other player made ships you add to the game (PvE, not PvP), but not much else in the way of features. It has given me over two hundred hours of playtime, which when compared to my playtime on bigger titles, makes me feel that it was still worth my money despite my disappointment that further development did not continue.---Warning #1: If building ships and then flying them is not your thing and you're looking for a more linear/on-rails type of game, then this is probably not your thing.Warning #2: This is not a space dogfighting simulator or a replacement for Star Citizen.Warning #3: This will let you build a great many types of ships and then fight in them. Don't expect much else. Due to the lack of other games that let you do this as extensively as KV does, I will still recommend this game despite many of the flaws. Edit: I have Starmade and my playtime on it versus this game should tell you what I prefer.Warning #4: Get player made ships off the Workshop. Seriously. It is not modding per se but more an intended aspect of the game. Pit your designs against that of other players and all in all make the galaxy a much more varied and interesting place. :D---Disclaimer: I see a lot of bitterness from people who were following the game for a long time, so I should say that though I was following it, my own purchase was recent and I am free of any negative bias or expectation in that context. I was never a backer. My review should help new people looking for a different sort of space game experience.---The 'Build' here means the ability to build your own ships. As far as I know (so far) you can only build your own ship, not structures or anything else.The 'Battle' is you against everything else. I have seen no sign of being able to have NPC allied ships under your control in a 'fleet' (so far).The 'Explore' depends on how big you make the starting universe. However, it's only space travel. I don't believe there is any planet landing involved. Edit: However, you can enter the atmosphere of the planet and fly over the surface. Devs plan on bringing in working cities and such on the surface and possible even space to ground/ground to space exchange of fire. :-D---Early hours impressions: having a blast making ships! :DYet to actually leave the shipyard. WIll update as I play more~!===Update #1 (12/7/2014): I have left the shipyard and blown up my first space pirates. Hmmm, I think my ship's too strong.Essential impression: This game is basically the developers providing you with the tools to start your adventure. How you want it to be will depend on you, it seems. For example, I made my ship too strong so wiped out enemies without feeling like I was in any danger. Unfortunately, it's impossible to assess what I can do to have a fun experience at this point. Work need to be done to give some cues to players to be able to intuitively assess how strong they are compared to enemies, etc.There appears to be a lot more to this game, and I've barely begun to scratch the surface. Still would recommend at this point.Update #1.5 (12/7/2014; later in the day): found strong enemies. Almost died. Fun fun. Seems the preparation a.k.a. building your ship is 95% of the fight. If I hadn't built my shape they way I had (out of pure dumb luck) I would've died. Me gusta...Again, no real way to assess what can happen. You could say this is more realistic. :-PAlso, The missions just scroll and don't seem to be tracked per se. Not sure I'm a fan of this system. Seemed weak.Seriously huge annoyance when you are trying to crawl within range of the station to dock in a big ship... Maybe I'm missing something? The 'Warp to within 10' doesn't always work... I often end up 50+ away when warping to a station.Update 2.0 (2/10/2015): still playing this game. Like I have said before, this game gives you the tools to make your own pew pew experience. Highly recommend getting fellow-player made ships and populating the galaxies you generate. Just subscribing will do. Meeting and then fighting said ships will let you pit your design against that of other people. Getting the workshop ships is, imo, essential to enjoying this game, and isn't 'modding' in any way but intended.---There was an annoying ship builder issue that got fixed real fast, so really glad for the support. :-)[02/21/2015] - more bug fixes and improvements have come in. Some fo my previous annoyances have disappeared.---Not entirely stable on my machine for some reason, but this is the kind of game I am willing to play through a buggy experience and support (like the X games minus X Rebirth)."
76561197980946857,Not Recommended,227160,18122695,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Fraggenstein,"So... you build an awsome badass spaceship, but you can't do anything with it... so whats the point?"
,Not Recommended,227160,8722288,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,SpoofyChop,I love the concept but it's really rough right now. Can't recommend yet unfortunately.
,Not Recommended,227160,29913308,Posted: 13 February,all,Sharkey,"I have 8.6 hours on record, and it will stay 8.6 hours on record. I purchased this game when it was in early access, played it for a bit, then decided that it needed some time to develop. It has been 3 years since the last update and if I could, I would pay Valve to remove this from my library. This game is a bigger disappointment than the NMS hype-train"
76561198030762242,Not Recommended,227160,15212675,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,FirestormMk3,"I bought this game during Early Access because the game looked hugley promising.  This seemed to be the game that would fill the void left in the absence of Elite, Escape Velocity, or a good X game after the abomination that is Rebirth.  Unfortunatley as development trucked along, much more slowly than originally promised at that, features in development began to be cut.  First the scale of the universe was reduced, then the Newtonian physics that were one of the huge selling points of the game were cut in favor of a ""simplified"" traditional flight model that has ships slow down when engines are cut, turn like atmospheric craft, and have velocity rather than acceleration limits (and these limits are VERY small, measured in triple-diget KPH in the enormity of a solar system).The robust mission and faction system never materialized, leaving players with very little more to do than in alpha stages.  Basically you can trade legitimatley, or pirate and sale.  The universe offers almost nothing else to do.  There are no indications of where one can buy and sell items let alone how the prices will fluctuate nor what ship modules will be available until you reach a system in the tiny galaxies generated each new time you start a game.  Even then what faction controls a star system (the number of which can be ajusted when you create a galaxy, but they are nothing more than interchangable names and their influence almost never changes for any reason).The one good thing that I can say about this game is that the ship editor is fairly large.  It was reduced in features since the alpha, again in an attempt to simplify which they failed at anyway, but still offers many options in terms of ship design.  The wide range of vessels both original and copies of famous ships from sci-fi series does attest to this.  Unfortunatley there is nothing to do with your ship other than mindlessly shoot other ships.If you think that Elite: Dangerous doesn't give you enough help in the universe nor enough interaction with the economy, NPCs, or factions, then stay away from this game.  The tutorials, to the VERY limited extent they exist at all, teach you nothing and somehow saying you recieve no guidence manages to be an understatement.  Even the graphics are nothing to write home about.  Actual old games like X3 or Escape Velocity Nova manage to be better at this, and if you want less story and more trade and exploration with a game that looks beautiful check out Elite: Dangerous or keep your eye out for the (as of time of writing) unreleased Star Citizen or No Man's Sky."
76561198038802133,Not Recommended,227160,32976539,Posted: 28 June,all,mds35,Dead
,Not Recommended,227160,29308618,Posted: 16 January,all,Sirian 03,Abandoned.
76561198020223145,Not Recommended,227160,31007607,Posted: 7 April,all,Goury,Accidentally bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥Played 37 minutes before realizing this is not what I wanted.Asked support for refund.Support said I can go ♥♥♥♥ myself.♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,227160,15630700,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,FinnFann,Never really got finished...Wasted money.
,Not Recommended,227160,19810999,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,𝔻𝔸𝕋 𝔹𝕆𝕐,unfinished and just bad to play
,Not Recommended,227160,19866579,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Keymaster,♥♥♥♥♥game that has been abandoned by the devs.Do yourself a favour and DO NOT buy this game.
,Not Recommended,227160,14829351,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Inanis,"I feel violated. This was a high potential game with a lot of promises when I bought into it. I have come back a fair year and half later and find it has gone to full release without anything actually be done? I have no idea how to go about getting a refund for this game but i'm so angry I gave these scammers money. Do not buy this game, empty promises and the only thing we actually recieved was a fairly mediocre ship builder. A real shame."
,Not Recommended,227160,20494718,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Pinhead Larry,Haven't touched it in ages because it's not worth it.
76561198079955070,Not Recommended,227160,20797824,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Jason The CTM,"Kinetic Void at first seemed to be a fairly promising title, I've been a space nut for a long time and am a huge fan of the older Homeworld series and the slightly more elusive 0-R-B Off-World Resource Base. So I got Kinetic Void when it was on sale for about $5, thinking why not, then the trouble started.The previews for the game show very good graphics with a beautiful star backdrop and detailed rendering of the ships, but with the latest update at over a year old, the skybox does not render meaning there are no stars, planets look like cheese, nebulae fog looks like sprites, etc etc, though the sun has a nice lens flare. Long story short, what you see in the previews is a little misleading.The game itself is still in development but had been on hold for a year now, it has virtually no backstory and not alot to do within the game. You can of course try to make the beefiest ship alive and go fight pirates, but that gets old quickly. Eventually you find yourself building giant flyswatters and pitting them against Imperial Star Destroyers if you dare to load up the game again.Possibly the only thing interesting about this game is it makes fan fiction possible, who would win, the Enterpise or a Starwars Republic Attack Cruiser, the Serenity or a Varkrey, an F-16 or a TIE fighter? Truthfully thats just about what this game has become due to lack of progress.Don't get me wrong, the game looks interesting, I'm hoping it gets better and finishes strong, but it's looking abandoned and in it's current state isn't worth the $20."
76561198096538044,Not Recommended,227160,34712319,Posted: 3 September,all,tabitha.evelyn.fine,"DO NOT BUY!I don't know why this is still available for purchase.  It's abandonware at best, a hoax at worst.  I picked up my copy almost immediately because I like supporting alpha projects - I had great results with Don't Starve and Seven Days to Die.This is no Don't Starve, let me tell you.  Abandoned almost immediately, hasn't been touched by the developers since 2015 - nothing is happening here, and nothing is available here.  I can get more done snapping Legos together than I can with this stupid ""game.""Save your money and go buy something you really enjoy.  You're not supporting anybody getting this piece of junk."
,Not Recommended,227160,22250550,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jayden_shad(Jay),"Kinetic Void was a game with high hopes, until we found out the hard way that the developers were to long abandon the game, leaving it in a lacking-boring state.Do NOT buy this game."
76561198045365839,Not Recommended,227160,16297970,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,alienoid,"Cool concept, but lacking execution. Not the first nor the last game with this problem. Plus seems like the game has been abandoned, last update in january, and its june now, and the game feels FAR from finished.Feels like there's just enough content for this to be in beta, however lot of the features just seem unfinished, or just carelessly put together with whatever-attitude.Ship building, which feels like being the core idea of this game, feels decent, but unfortunately thats about it for this game."
,Not Recommended,227160,18104047,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,"Ave, True to Caesar","Dont buy, unfinished and left behind."
,Not Recommended,227160,13113842,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Outcast,"Updated - 2015-01-01It's even worse now, as soon as i started a new creative sandbox game i'm greeted with a box that says ""we should not see this message"" with a button that you can't really click on (nothing happens). After pressing the x button in the corner of the message i'm greeted with the ship editor, except i have no parts, so i cant build any ships, which means the ship builder (-THE- only strong point of this game) does'nt work anymore. Furthermore i could not load my old ships (wanted to see if i could edit them).If you plan on pushing the game out of early access to a full release atleast make sure your game works. Worst money spent ever. And by far the worst game i ever had the oppurtunity to try out. I don't care if i can or cannot get a refund, i'll try it anyway. Would rather see the company go bankrupt then see this game become complete.--------------------------------Old Review--------------------------------Nope. This game does not get a seal of approval. They tried to sold us a great game with alot of diversity, yet all we got was a sandbox game with no real goal, hard to learn, no multiplayer, no progression... it just drift aimlessly in space.The only thing that speaks for this game is the ship builder, and it aint that fancy. I'd rather just stick with Kerbal Space Program and play that game instead."
,Not Recommended,227160,10501685,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,IanMcMill,"Update: This review is rather for an older state of the game. It might not reflect current mechanics and working/not working gameplay.----As of yet the game is unplayable. It is an very early development built. I would even go that far to say that it still is a concept build. A proof of concept. There are some good ideas like building your own ship but the implementation is nearly unusable. I miss distinctions between the modules. If I compare the screenshots to the actual game I didn't get that far because you are simply left alone in the (kinetic) void of the absence of guidance.There is this rule in game development:90% of the games started being developed will never finish. This is one perfect candidate for this rule.Before this ""Early Access"" hype, development of such failed projects where never to be compensated. Today with Early Access you can make $$ despite you will never finish your game."
76561197986040962,Not Recommended,227160,18350038,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Erikwa3290,DO NOT BUYUNPLAYABLEOVERPRICEDABANDONED
,Not Recommended,227160,13057537,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,thedarkwhatever,this is such a shame.
76561198052479540,Not Recommended,227160,30106841,Posted: 22 February,all,DR_JDUBZ,Abandoned
,Not Recommended,227160,31559374,Posted: 5 May,all,QwikR,"July 4th 2013 this nice guy thinks, ""I really should support tiny indie development teams...and this 'Early Access' project ""Kenetic Void"" seems to be off to a great start"".  So I threw my money their way and felt really good for doing so.  I checked-in on their progress through the years until I realized that the fireworks display I expected to celebrate the completion of this project turned out instead to be a bunch of fireworks up the @ss.They should turn this into a 'Fan Project', even while retaining all rights and owing nothing to anyone who contributes content.  It is sad to see a promising project simply die of Coder Burn-out or attention turned to other projects.Just as sad is that I and so many others are now very hesitant to help such early development stage projects of small teams because this one failed to meet even the minimum expectations.As is stated by every other review -- Stay Away -- Don't Buy at ANY Price -- but maybe you can find an 'E.A.' project with a team that could really use the infusion of money to deliver a complete title that meets or exceeds expectations."
,Not Recommended,227160,22202698,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,[TFI] Mereck,"Unfinished game, dev was abandonned and game is pretty much a mix of blandness and absence of content. One of my main reason for not buying any early access game except if it's already in a near finished state."
76561198042782024,Not Recommended,227160,22115164,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mc Flaytus,"ampther dead game, thanks early access"
76561197976202970,Not Recommended,227160,23302573,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Shatterpoint,"It's been abandoned, dont buy it. Do yourself a favor just walk away... slowly..."
,Not Recommended,227160,32940684,Posted: 28 June,all,the amber trap,"This game is dead and will likely never be completed.  The actual ship building is fairly robust, but everything else is tacked-on filler that only accentuates just how unfinished the game is.  At the current price, US$20.00, it's a complete rip-off."
,Not Recommended,227160,32414380,Posted: 14 June,all,Shogun Lief,There is a kinetic void in my heart. Game coulda been cool but died. RIP.
,Not Recommended,227160,15500531,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,JB567,"Dev seems to have run, no end of development in sight.Was caught up in the vision, it is no where near the level that was promised"
,Not Recommended,227160,14952922,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,KHAOTIX,"This right here people, is why the Gaming Industry is screwed. Avoid it like you would the Plauge."
,Not Recommended,227160,31169147,Posted: 15 April,all,AVID Sion,"Haven't played this game since Octover of 2013, it wasn't amazing then but it was a pretty solid ship builder with a lot of promise. checking on it now though and it looks like it hasn't improved much despite almost 3 years since it's 'full' release. Right now this is just a game that I show to friends as an example of the worst case scenario with early access. Watch yourselves kids."
76561198071853603,Not Recommended,227160,29722523,Posted: 5 February,all,Wunder Waffel,Abandoned
,Not Recommended,227160,30577100,Posted: 17 March,all,Jadarr,"bought this game overa  year ago, still the same game nothing changed. literally just a floating ship with nothing to do."
,Recommended,227160,10409028,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Alex Hynes,"This is an early access game, so is not done. Currently alot of features are still to be developed, but otherwise, its a good game. Im happy with it, but if your not into early access, then i would wait untill more features are released."
,Not Recommended,227160,23229721,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Legatus Flagrans,"You know, I was really hoping to get something out of this game when I bought early access in 2013... Nope, still just building ships and no gameplay whatsoever. Don't waste your money on this one; it's still the same damn game as it was when I got it for $5..."
,Not Recommended,227160,13927518,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Knifight,"Not really a game. Cool shipbuilder. I was told there would be a game, though. I was incredibly shocked when I saw the other day that they are claiming it's out of EA. It's plainly not, they just stopped working on it. Exactly the kind of thing that gives EA games a bad name.Edit: It appears I was wrong to say that the devs had halted work on the game completely, thanks for the correction. As I looked into it it seems they have still been working on some monthly bug fixes and improvements. Though I don't think that any of the things I've seen listed in the change log really implore me to spend more time on the game even if many of the potential features that the devs have stated they'd like to add were to be added in the future, I'm happy to hear that the devs are still putting in some time.While I'm glad to hear that the devs are still working on it, the statement of calling it a 1.00 version as well as the specific avoidance of promises about what will or will not make it into the game still turn me off enough to wish I had put my money somewhere else, though I admit there's an outside chance I could reinstall on a whim in a year or two and be pleasantly surprised.So to sum up, the shipbuilding aspect is very well done and I'd say it's probably a lot less confusing than it might seem at first if you just take a few minutes to adjust yourself. It might still be a little obtuse at times, but you only have to check out the workshop to see how expansive it can be. However, the gameplay to my taste at least, still felt very underpolished and generally uninteresting to the point that I can't have a lot of hope it could ever be anything but outdated at best as of only one patch ago.If I've missed anything, please feel free to let me know so I can correct it."
76561198052282011,Not Recommended,227160,15944917,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Aaron Corr,"Bought it while waiting for X Rebirth. It looked promising but was so early alpha that it could not be played at all. But hey Early Access. So I forgot it. A long time after I remembered it and looked it up again. Looked a lot better but still felt like an alpha. I was curious and checked the news and then it hit me...it was the full released version.To rephrase that: A fully released game looks like an alpha version. I was super enraged especially since Egosoft released X Rebirth just before which (for those who don't know) was nothing more than a ""playable"" beta.I have not bought an Early Access game after that anymore."
76561197971739149,Not Recommended,227160,30619006,Posted: 19 March,all,LeoJedai,"abandoned before it was finished, like a crack baby"
76561198035692391,Not Recommended,227160,30949110,Posted: 4 April,all,cmjarvie,"Not Finished, just plain crap."
76561198032074657,Not Recommended,227160,15119526,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,BigBenBoulevard,This game is not finished. If it were finished it has the potential to be awesome. It should still be in early access.
,Not Recommended,227160,14843334,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,c(chicken dinner)phase,"the tutorial is just a massive amount of text, which you are expected to read and remember."
,Not Recommended,227160,23280374,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,J-Mac,"Game abandoned by the developers after making many promises.  All you can do in the game is build a ship, there is no other content and there never will be.  If you want a game where you can build a ship and do other things try Space Engineers.  This game is dead and after you wait past 14 days for the devs to do something you have lost your chance at a refund.  Save your money and stay away from this one."
76561198007514073,Not Recommended,227160,31872641,Posted: 20 May,all,aMetzgermiester,The typical abandoned through development green light game
,Not Recommended,227160,30496551,Posted: 13 March,all,Shadowed Kalibur{tgrhppy},"Games crap, engine sucks, graphic setting glitch, and there is no tutorial on how to build a damn ship, all round completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and i wish i could refund the damn game, waste of my damn time"
,Not Recommended,227160,28229170,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Doc Corb [RCL],"Kinetic void is the reason I swore off early access games forever. I decided to give it a look, it'd been months, I really didn't give it that much of a chance I figured, might as well see what's up.. oh I see, they gave up on it forever. Screw me I guess."
,Not Recommended,227160,25025220,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,nazgut,"Abandonware, the game is unfinished. At this stage it is only shipbuilding simulator."
76561198042407643,Not Recommended,227160,25465422,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,tengue20010,This game suxs! Don't waste your money!!!!!!!
76561198125344336,Not Recommended,227160,14985971,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,InterCity,"I don't like this game at all.First of all, as shown by EVE online, the idea itself is good, but the way it was put into the game is awful. The editor is quite good, I admit, but the game substantially lacks gameplay and puts a strain on my I5 + Nvidia GTX 680MX + 8 GB RAM system.If it was improved in the future, It'd be good. Otherwise, it's a waste of money. I've bought 30 games on steam and this is the only one I regret."
76561197995042001,Not Recommended,227160,22959989,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Silencioux,Coulda been cool but they turned tail and ran from their project.
,Not Recommended,227160,24828187,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Captain-Weasly,The level of scam is so high that it is no longer purchasable.
76561197971930750,Recommended,227160,12422756,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Trauma,"One of the most interesting articles I have put my hands on lately. The game is now released, a bit prematurely if you ask me, but the dev team is dedicated in their work, pushing out grand ambitions and frequent updates for such a small team. However, it is important to note that this game is the first game ever made by badlands studios.The main selling point of the game is the shipbuilding hangar, where the possibilities of what you can make usually exceeds your own imagination!Long story short: If you like building ships, you will love this game!Did you like building starships with legos as a kid? Buy it. I can promise it's equally addicting!When multiplayer gets introduced, I think this game will stand Solid!"
76561198039737408,Not Recommended,227160,13079973,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Piroteus,"It has the potential to be a great spacesim. But it isn't, yet.It offers the perfect setting to play a Spacepirat, fight ships, blow them up, scavenge parts and wild them to your ship to gain strength. Sounds great, hasn't been there before. But sadly at the moment thats all there is to this game, the creative sandbox modus is nice for building ships but everythign around is lacking.Errors in the UI, for exampel the vendor menue the filters a weapons say EMP, Kinetic, Thermal... truth is, Beam, Projektile and Missile.Poor scaling of UI, you fight like Ace Combat... uh an red icon, klick, uh an red box around the icon and a red sircle and long bevor you can realy see the enemy it goes boom. You do have an targeing window that shows you a miniature of the enemy ship but i was unabel to detect any impact ov my weapon fire on the ship in the window seams that its yout an automatic generatet icon.Beeing a trader is almost imposibel, mining takes for ever and mission reward dosn't scale. Reward for a mission in a fighter gave me 5-10k reward mission in a corvette gave the same.The lift of things they have promised.Let's take small look ^^Fully detailed and customizable space ships.Yes best part of the game, surpasses to my eye customisation in Space Empire and Galactic Civ.Hundreds of weapons and modules of multiple sizes.There are many but to get to hundreads you have to use the Borderlands equation. Existing modules times classes, here 5. Very few klass exclusiv moduls.Fully customizable and adaptable controls for mouse, keyboard, and joystick.Yes its there.Huge procedurally generated galaxy, limited only by your computers capabilities.No it isn't the max sice is 30 systems and 12 factions.Randomized factions and political standings.For the most part.Open world sandbox, you are in control of your fate.Some one has to, the impulses from the world around do not exist. A chat mission every once in a while that tells you about a ""mission"" errand is no impulse.Detailed economy simulation with resources, trade routes and more.There are resources and you get chat messages that tell tales of lost shipment and impact on prices, but i never saw any ship docking at a station ore flying towards a gate for traderouts. The more part, thats the module trader at the station. BTW you can enter 50% of all stations... (there are only two kinds)Epic space combat.Epic means you get swarmd at a random mission by 5 exact copys of your own ship and get blastet out of the universe.Toggleable Newtonian FlightThats there and dose work for the most part. Max speed is caped at two times your normal max speed.Emergent gameplay.Well Space is big and i taked forever to get somewhere and mining an asteroid is pretty boring in real life as well if you sit in your command chair and watch the pretty light from the laser.So they realy more or less fullfilled the conditions on the list. To bad it'S not enough.This is a review you released the game to 1.0 and lost every protection of the EarlyAccses. The Programmers sad we are done its a finished product but it's not. They claim they reached 1.0 but it's not done. But (wow lot of repetition here) If you anounce 1.0 call it a release it has to be done and for every bit it isn't we the comunity are going to scream out in frustration about a nother game broken to the ground.I will look again at the game in the future, and if it becomes better and gets all the missing parts around a good shipyard i promise i will re-review it. But at this stage at this price there can be no recommendation."
,Not Recommended,227160,13298696,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Gamerofthegame,"This game has been in slow, casual development for years... and needs years more or the same pace. The only reason why the alpha tag was removed and it was taken off early access is, and I quote, ""Because of how early-access games work, keeping it off the store front and preventing sales.""The game is not finished, the developed is a hack and is just scamming you for money."
76561198019048629,Not Recommended,227160,30064730,Posted: 20 February,all,Edgar Allan Pro,"No updates for years, nothing to be heard of the developers.  Feels like they took our money and ran."
,Not Recommended,227160,29936633,Posted: 14 February,all,Ziros,"I must, unfortunatly, change my review to negative. This game was such a nice ship builder back in the day and had so much potential but the developer has abandoned it and when a modder showed interest in taking over the project and signed all the appropriate paperwork, they went back on their word and have been dead silent."
,Not Recommended,227160,28537580,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,laelath,Incomplete game that was pushed out of early access too early and abandoned.
,Not Recommended,227160,29505099,Posted: 26 January,all,Captain Zaphod,"Kinetic void sold me on a dream years ago, the first and only early access game I have bought it stands as a warning for those who buy early access. None of the potential was realised and was released feature incomplete, I'm sorry kinetic void I loved the idea of you once but you never capitalised on that idea. Do not buy this game, do not buy any feature incomplete early access game that you are waiting for more features in order to play. Just wait and experience the game how you actually want it. I'd give this game a 1/10 for not just being something someone slapped together in unity."
,Not Recommended,227160,32775860,Posted: 25 June,all,MR Pepper,wish i could get a refund
76561198047010607,Not Recommended,227160,23284848,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,KilldInAction,UI is bad and hard to controlNot many options for ship partsEven when you start to finally play the game world is empty
76561198065879540,Not Recommended,227160,14799934,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,jonnightsky,A soild don't buy. It's cool for building a ship but then thats all there is to do the rest is still choppy and they havent made any good updates in ages. Mario has made more games than these guys updates.
76561198124654915,Not Recommended,227160,15110128,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,god,I bought this game game looking for a fun sandbox style game and was very unhappy.  The controls were hard to understand. The instructions were terrible I had no idea how to play the game after reading the tutorials.
76561198058169556,Not Recommended,227160,34334452,Posted: 18 August,all,The socks and sandals money,"Abandoned, incomplete game"
,Not Recommended,227160,34754220,Posted: 5 September,all,Ark of Truth,"Abandoned, unfinished game."
,Not Recommended,227160,34846254,Posted: 9 September,all,Exact_Value,A real damn shame this one.
,Not Recommended,227160,29546630,Posted: 28 January,all,ホモ|The drooling unicorn,Abadonned
,Not Recommended,227160,34358405,Posted: 19 August,all,IxTwisTeDxI,Empty shell of a so called game. Bought it years ago and it hasnt changed since. We should ALL be refunded for this total con of an early access game!!!
76561198047589146,Not Recommended,227160,34977633,Posted: 15 September,all,JCDenton,"This game is a FRAUD. Purchased in pre-release: years and years and years ago, and they never completed the development. Money from Kickstarter was clearly used for something else. When I wrote my opinion on the community board, I was banned permanently by one of the developer: THIEVES, and COWARDS too.Game like this shoul be removed from Steam: thanks to this game, I'll never buy a pre-release ever again.Questo gioco è una FRODE: comprato in pre-relese anni e anni fa, non hanno mai completato lo sviluppo. I soldi di Kickstarter li hanno usati in qualche altro modo, evidentemente. Quando ho scritto la mia opinione sulla pagina del gioco, uno degli sviluppatori mi ha bannato permanentemente: LADRI e CODARDI.Giochi come questo dovrebbero essere rimossi da Stream: grazie a questo, io non acquisterò mai più un gioco in pre-release."
,Recommended,227160,2872574,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,"A must have for anyone who loves to build ships and fly in space. Kerbal Space Program and Kinetic Void goes hand in hand for anyone interested in space, spaceship, and exploration."
76561198155497299,Not Recommended,227160,27020791,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sludgepudge,"A dissapointing mess. Flawless concept, cringe inducing execution. 1/10 would throw away 20$ again."
76561198031394101,Not Recommended,227160,26479388,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Colonel Toast,"Don't waste 20$ on this game, it was a good game at first but its now abandond by its developers."
,Not Recommended,227160,18953346,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Opal Fascist,"!!SCAM BEWARE!! THEY NEVER FINISHED THE GAME.  DO NOT BUY I want my money back, thought if i left it for a year it would get better but its terrible and the soundtrack is so annoying, the devs abonded the game FEELS LIKE A SCAM!!!!!!!!"
76561198059299820,Not Recommended,227160,21022243,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,KonstantStompa,"I'm gutted that this game never reached its full potential, it could have been brilliant but sadly thats not the case. Don't buy it even if its reduced in price, it ain't worth it."
76561198025004855,Not Recommended,227160,32327315,Posted: 10 June,all,Oracle,"Dear ReaderThis game had promise.  Now, it is as dead as the star B5-R5B in the year 4210. Nothing more can be said about it.Oracle"
76561198074625094,Not Recommended,227160,22973842,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,A Stoned Peasant,"One of my first (if not the first) early access i ever bought back in 2014. Im surprised i wasn't surprised.Best deception simulator.You wanna know what is sad though? What is sad is that the guy who was behind this actually had ""hopes"" to accomplish this and i saw a lot of commitment during the first months of release. It's just sad to see someone give up for no reason, without saying anything and leaving an unfinished, unoptimized, confusing pile of... Yeah."
76561198127314504,Not Recommended,227160,15312170,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Warmageddon,Cash grab garbage.
76561198017838470,Not Recommended,227160,25534108,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,ElkVortex,Dead in the water. Waste of $20.
76561198037121137,Not Recommended,227160,13064776,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Wzrd,"For what it is it's a fairly fun game, don't get me wrong.I just thought it was not even close to done, as in two more years tops. It's not ready, stop releasing games before you're done. Never buying a game before it's released and even then I'll wait to see the bug report blow in because apparently we don't do pre releae bug fixes any more because the community is willing to do QA work for free. /EndGeneralRambling"
,Not Recommended,227160,13068062,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Mordgier,"There is no compelling reason to play this game. Building ships isn't that interesting as there does not appear to be a whole lot of difference in where you place what. Stick as many guns as you can on the front and win.There is no real gameplay, no interesting quests, no real missions, just a hollow world with no real reason to be engaged in it.There are more interesting ship building games such as Gimbal, or even Star Made which is just as incomplete as this game but doesn't claim to be a finished release.If you're looking for a space adventure game, Starport Gemni 2 and the X series are far more interesting.This game offers nothing new besides a clunky ship builder that adds no real value to the game."
,Not Recommended,227160,18814382,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,obiWanted,"Rip-off! There is no content, no missions, the developer seemed to abandoned this game. How could steam promote it out of Greenlight its not even worthy of Greenlight. Not even worth a simple penny to laugh at, you will still uninstall and cry over the install time, least the penny."
76561198002977837,Not Recommended,227160,13077835,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Wolfe,v 1.01 Still not completed. Bad design.Looks like game have many placeholders for future updates ( I hope).No tutorials\Mini story what helps you with game.
76561198023307116,Not Recommended,227160,10355783,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Direwolf-1,"Mostly just a creative shipyard (very well done) with a terrible flight mechanic and star-trading aspect attached to it.  Granted, this is only Early Access, I would like to see it get better.  However, it is shaping up to be a game that not too many star trading fans would like.  Go purchase Starpoint Gemini 2 or one of the other star traders out there.  If you're uncreative and just want this for the space aspect, don't bother."
,Not Recommended,227160,33096231,Posted: 1 July,all,blg.Chestnut,Would refund if I could.
76561198022620277,Not Recommended,227160,32932025,Posted: 28 June,all,Cabana,"Worst game, waste of money."
,Not Recommended,227160,15203664,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,N1njawarr1or,"I picked this game up again recently, thinking it was still in Pre-alpha phase, but have just now read in another review that it is actually already released as a full game. To put it simply, I noticed no improvements that blew me away enough to even notice that this was the finished game, even after forgetting i owned this game and reinstalling it. I particularly don't like the way the ship-building interface is; it looks cheap and ugly. The game as a whole is difficult for me to play, as the controls seem nearly as ambiguous as what I should even be doing. I don't think I'm a terribly picky person, I understand a game does not need to rely heavily on complex themes or dazzling art styles and graphics to be playable, but this seems to be one of those games where it looks so sloppily put together, that it puts me off from wanting to even humor what gameplay is present. To tie a bow on it, I don't believe this game has any real potential anymore, so i don't recommend that anyone purchase it, and I regret buying it."
76561197970419916,Not Recommended,227160,15417918,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Fus,"The most boring space game I ever ""played"". Ugly ships, poor control and overly complex build system.Thanks for robbing me of the 4.5 hours spent here."
76561198063639613,Not Recommended,227160,15468936,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,SkullKid PT,"it's because of games like these that i don't trust early access, do yourself a favor and don't buy this!"
76561198025317992,Not Recommended,227160,22073215,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Riker,"Developer abandoned the game. Last update was over a year ago. Go spend your money on something that actually has developer presence, bug fixes, and new features. This game is dead."
,Not Recommended,227160,22359088,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Lord Col. Jerle,"Game seems broken as hell as far as mission progression goes, and has been abandoned by the developer.  Makes a good time waster if you just want to fly around, but don't expect much more than that."
76561197988562638,Not Recommended,227160,22366608,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,wargod2009,20 dollarydoos wasted.
,Not Recommended,227160,23503620,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,!FT!Marauder - In-Game - LIFE,THe best part is the intro movie. Don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,227160,20077131,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,kup teraz,"touched a planet going 3 unspecified speed units and was ""atomized,"" apparently i 'failed.'   3/10"
,Not Recommended,227160,20496536,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,lil THOT EXTERMINATOR,This should be and should always have been no more than a couple dollars.
,Not Recommended,227160,21162926,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Evil Panda,"I really really just dont get this game, it started off really cool with a great ship making system, although they could simplify it a little since some of the buttons seemeed pointless, but alteast i made it through the tutorial that is riddled with typos and spelling mistakes (pointless tutorial by the way its basically like reading an instruction manual) But the moment i get into space with my ship im really excited to use im left wandering why i even botherd, the system is boring theres not much to do, the ship controls and movement seem clunky and distant, true the game focuses on customization but an ""enjoyable space simiulation"" I think not. This game needs some work for sure and most likely someone who owns a dictionary to proof read the game, not sure how a game gets released with so many errors, who ever made this should of invested in hiring some testers to work out the bugs and provide feedback cos this game is definatly in need of some work."
76561198029989545,Not Recommended,227160,31405967,Posted: 27 April,all,Mr. Shire,"Got it years ago when it was early access, thought it showed promiseFound it buried in my steam games recently, only to find out the game was abandoned.This, starforge, and many other games are an example as to why early access games are to be approached with caution."
76561198082357089,Not Recommended,227160,14784706,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ReadySteadyKush,"THE ZOOM SPEED IN THE BUILD-A-SHIP SECTION IS UNBEARABLE!!!!!!!!!! It takes waaaaaay to long to zoom out/in to your ship in the construction menu, and the UI is horrific. Badly organised and ill explained jumble of icons that mean nothing to me. This could be so much better if these things were improved upon. The old UI in the early days of the game was VASTLY superior. It was better organised, more consise and easy to navigate. The older ship-builder was better too, now there is too much fiddling and clicking everywhere. The old one was click and place. not click and click again, and then learning you have placed it wrong so you have to remove it and then click then click again.It is such a shame, because this game is a great idea that feels as if it has been rushed. even the main gameplay is dull. Just don't bother throwing money at it, you'll find better uses of it elsewhere, preferably anything other than this heap of junk."
76561198165523548,Not Recommended,227160,24243520,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Logan Dudley csgoatse.com,"Captain's Log, Stardate, CrapGame001.I find myself with an uncomplete game in my library, Spock is concerned with my logic after I fell for such a game.This game is buggy, it seems to be abandoned. I personally cannot reccomend this game. I must state, that I did have fun in this game, however that did die out. It is sad, there was so much potential. End log,"
,Not Recommended,227160,30666693,Posted: 22 March,all,MAXPAIN,"Game development progress is dead, DO NOT BUY!"
,Not Recommended,227160,30875015,Posted: 1 April,all,Sci-Fi Sage,I backed this game when it was on early access. Back then all it had was a promising ship creation system. Many years later after release it has the same thing and nothing more. It's also abandoned. Don't buy this.
76561197974525911,Not Recommended,227160,24701479,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,muixa,"The trailer music is good.Just watch that a few times, and call it a day.Steam won't refund me, but i guess i should be glad i learned that lesson."
76561198029180492,Not Recommended,227160,31812523,Posted: 17 May,all,Earthquake Johnson,Dead Garbage.
,Not Recommended,227160,10083778,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,...,"I bought KV because I wanted exactly as it was described:  “Kinetic Void is a 3D space adventure with a focus on customization and enjoyable space simulation.”  And it was, it was a lot of fun.  Open ended design-build of ships of any size, kind, and configuration.  The graphics were beautiful, you could seek out battles or just cruise through the stars.  At times it was like a living, ethereal journey through space with nice music (and if you shut off the HUD it was like a living screen saver).  It was wonderful.  I took full advantage of the developer's description that “our in game ship builder allows players to construct their ship piece by piece.  Ships can be as simplistic as a cockpit, a single hull, a single engine and a single gun, or as complex as a player wants” and that ships can be “creative (unlimited components)” and I did build these.  Small fighters to huge Dreadnaught size.  But now, with recent mandatory patches, this has all been for nothing.  The advertised “open world sandbox” KV is purported to be is now becoming a concrete, high requirement game just like all the others out there.  All the ships I spent much time building I can no longer launch, and I'm not spending three months rebuilding a single huge ship because of the new “disconnected  components” requirement the developers have instilled (despite their allowing a freeform creation of ships) that came through force-fed updates even when I was opted out of this.  Even upon re-install the changes were there.  This game, in fact, used to be “customizable and enjoyable” but because of the forced changes now it has simply become a chore to play.  This game has gone from my “highly recommend” list to my “highly avoid” list, and the game's description now needs to be changed because it's no longer what it was.  The only questions left is for me to ask steam how to delete it from my games list."
,Not Recommended,227160,15754487,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Morriginko,"Basicly EVE Online, but only if EVE was singleplayer only and halfway complete.Ship construction is kinda fun, unless you want to build ship out of size 4-5 parts, mostly because of slow-moving camera.And except for ship building, there ain't much to do. Trading and missions do not work correctly, mining is boring, and winning a fight depends not on your flight skills, but how much dakka, hp and shields you have."
76561197989376895,Not Recommended,227160,16642366,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Flummoxed Lummox,"This game is sadder than ""The Stomping Land"", because at least that game isn't for sale anymore.  Seriously it would have been better if you had just abandoned the game during early access, which is essentially what you've done, but if it still had the EA tag, I would at least have an interesting story to tell my friends about how you developers ran away before the full release.  gg"
76561198044325629,Not Recommended,227160,28104421,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Trump™- Wall Builder,"This game is a scam, and unfortunately steam doesn't refund you for being scammed."
76561198008821410,Not Recommended,227160,33012589,Posted: 29 June,all,Steel leopard,I bought this thinking it would be a great game. I like the building part but the rest of the game need alot of work. I am still waiting on the promises made 3 years later. This game could be great but they chose to take the money and run with it. I wish I would have never heard of this game. I would like to have my money back because it never going to get the updates it should have.
,Not Recommended,227160,31816411,Posted: 17 May,all,SmiledElf,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME: This early access game is dead. Another developer running off with their money.
,Not Recommended,227160,24003082,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nortavlag,Incomplete garbage. Do not buy.
76561197979353957,Not Recommended,227160,22996239,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Velrisias,This is a another great example where the dev's screwed over the gaming community
76561198020366340,Not Recommended,227160,23101611,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ender,"Serious dissapointment - great intentions and a great idea, absolute garbage execution. Project abandoned, total cash grab, super jerk move."
,Not Recommended,227160,23321900,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,✠ Caturix ✠,"This game surely had great potential, but now it\'s just an abandoned piece of space-junk."
76561197985627039,Not Recommended,227160,23353806,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,HeftyJeff,"like most early access game, i purchased this expecting a final product eventually. some how the developers get their money and once the amount runs out they start a new game and make more money."
76561198059839463,Not Recommended,227160,15741505,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,john.reynolds123,avoid get it? it dead unfinnished they ran out of money please dont get it wish i dident pile of cr*p
,Not Recommended,227160,29906841,Posted: 13 February,all,quetzalcoatl-chan,"Abandoned project, if you want a game like this that isn't abandoned, play space engineers"
,Not Recommended,227160,25784352,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Tamaster,"Do not buy, game abandoned and not finishedThis game is not a finished product. The developersabandoned itpushed it out of early access with still a lot of missing / broken features (example: missions do not work and are bugged beyond repair) and did not keep the promises regarding the features this game would have had once completed."
,Not Recommended,227160,25427134,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,stuartpoll,"wow can,t believe this has been released as a finished product. No changes to pre release purchase and not worth buying for a third of this price."
76561197996952742,Not Recommended,227160,20559072,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kelroa,"To my understanding - this game began as a kickstarter with a Dev team of 4 people. As time went on, the dev team grew smaller and smaller, until it was only 1 person. A sob story, for sure - weep not for the Dev team, but for those who've already bought this 'game'.It's still fun customizing your own ship and all that, but the gameplay is rather lacking, and there are a heck of a lot of features missing that were previously announced.Really sad to see this game flail miserably and die out, but that's the risk you take buying Early Access.TL:DR -- Nope. Take your $20 and buy something Legit, like Rebel Galaxy or something."
76561198055431037,Not Recommended,227160,19492385,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MrFuzz,What happened......WHAT HAPPENED!?!?! THIS USED TO BE AWESOME!! I USED TO LOVE THIS GAME SO DAMN MUCH!!! AND THEY ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥ED THE ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥ER PONY!!! THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE GOOOD!!! HOW DID THYE ♥♥♥♥ IT UP THIS GODDAMN MUCH!?! -28/3 STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS
,Not Recommended,227160,18700272,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,The Eminent Cake,Game is unfinished and has been abondoned by the Dev. DON'T GIVE THEM MONEY FOR THIS
,Not Recommended,227160,25201454,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,koreatankers,Abandonware. Don't waste your $
,Not Recommended,227160,31347676,Posted: 24 April,all,Monterico Gaming TV,Sadly another dead game
,Not Recommended,227160,31734648,Posted: 13 May,all,sadhousecactus🌵,Other people've already explained it. Do not buy.
76561198070107742,Not Recommended,227160,11565326,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Inanis Incedeco,"I should preface this by asking you to ignore my hours in this game. I played quite a bit of it offline and apparently Steam doesn't track hours spent offline.I've said it before and I'll say it again: One of the most damning words you can use to describe a video game is ""potential"". With almost all of the absolute worst games of the last generation, ""potential"" was the best word people could use to describe them. Duke Nukem Forever, The Walking Dead: Survival Instinct, X-Rebirth, these all had massive potential and that is part of why they were considered such disappointments. If ""potential"" is the best word you have to describe a game, that game has failed, Early Access or no. And sadly, that is the best word I can use to describe Kinetic Void.I first picked up this game last year in May, actually getting it with a Steam card gifted to me for my birthday. I should've bought something else. This game barely had any content at the time, even for an Early Access game. Earlier this year Earth: Year 2066 was released in Early Access and was massively criticized for having next to no content and that's about what the game was like when I first bought it. You had access to plenty of ship customizations and...that was about it. Then you flew around in a very pretty screenshot area and then you stopped. That was about it. Rarely enemies would appear and then you would attack them in broken combat. Or maybe you went to a ship drydock (which it takes like 4 years to reach, more on that later) and found out that you couldn't dock. I get it, it's Early Access and things are gonna be buggy and broken, but when there's only 3 things to do in your game, you would expect those 3 things to actually work to some degree. So instead it turned into a pretty screenshot game and nothing more.Moving around in this game in absolutely awful. It takes FOREVER to reach anywhere. I get it, space is big but this is a video game, you are allowed to cut down on size if it makes the game more accessable and fun. Even in FTL mode it still feels like it takes ages to move around, up until you stop paying attention and crash into a planet. Scratch that, you never crash unless you're shot down, so all you do is clip through solid landmasses, whether it's a planet, a moon or a space station, you just clip through it.This could have been fixed by either cutting down on the size and scope to something more manageable or to include more things that happen along the way. Encountering Space Pirates (If the combat worked), seeing two fleets battling each other, encountering a stranded merchant ship, these all could have helped it not feel so empty and boring. As is, the exploration feels less like the magic and wonder of something like Skyrim and making me feel more like this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXC54bpolHAI haven't checked up too often on this game since then, I haven't really felt like revisiting this slog of a space explorer but after a years worth of updates I decided to revisit it. It isn't that much better now, sadly. After a year of updates it still feels the same to me, a bit like the difference between the DayZ mod and standalone: Months and months of work and nothing seems to have changed. Things are indeed different, but nothing big is different. Combat is still broken to the point of being unplayable and exploration still takes several millenia to ever do anything at all.Sorry kids, but until further notice, ""potential"" is the best word I can come up with for this game and ""boring as hell"" is the worst. Not recommended at all, only spend your money if you want to fund the development cycle. Otherwise, there's too many games for you to buy that desrve your money for you to waste any on this slog of a game."
76561198127038336,Not Recommended,227160,13060288,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Rand al'Thor,"Dont even think about it, it may look like a good game but its crap"
,Not Recommended,227160,23742245,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Spaghetta,Avoid
76561198031702577,Not Recommended,227160,13091680,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Feaukuti,"I have this game since the early access. The general idea is very interesting, but with tons of unfinished things, many bugs and so, i've waited for the early access stage to end.Now, with time to check again and because the game was officially released, in my opinion, the game's still a complete mess. The problems and bugs in the docks (where you put your ship parts together) remained there and i think that the UI is worse. I'm not sure, but trying to place the ship parts where you want, seems to be much more difficult than before.I wasn't able to check if the navigation/combat system was improved or at least fixed. The game keep crashing to desktop very often while in the dock. It didn't happen before, while the game was in early access.At least for now, i give up. I'm gonna wait for another major update patch and then I'll try again.Because of that, i can't recommend this game as it is.*****************************************************************************************************************UPDATEWell, this game is dead for sure now.The dev simply abandoned the game and gave us a great and loud ""F*** YOU"" while run off with our money. People say that the dev don't even reply any kind of contact anymore.Steam should be more responsible for letting this happen and give the money back to the clients. Afterall, they allowed this dev to sell their game while they had no capability or intention to keep working on the game.Obviously, this will not happen because Steam doesn't reeeally cares about clients too, but at least they should took this example (saddly, not the only one here on Steam) and formulate a more tight policy to verify which dev can or cannot be sold here.I know we are just clients, but a little bit of respect wouldn't hurt."
,Not Recommended,227160,13070707,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Sir Reginald L. Colt,"... I want to recommend this... and I would... in the past...Now? No... just... no...I've spent hours on this game... wether it was to create cool looking ships or just fly around the empty space while listening to some inspirational music or even taking some screenshots...But now? Most ships I had made no longer work. The game is choppy as all hell (ALL IN THE VERY LOW SETTINGS). The ""features"" they promised to add are nowhere to be seen...And yet... They consider this a ""Released Game""...I had high hopes. Very high hopes. But now they are shattered...Guess I'm going back to EVE..."
76561198001854882,Not Recommended,227160,13040113,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Stranger,"Still can't figure out how to get my ship out of the first shipyard. The game always tells me my ship is missing systems, but then doesn't tell me how to install them. The menus are massive and kind of incomprehensible. Eventually I get bored trying to figure it out and give up, to go play Starpoint Gemini for my space sim fix."
,Not Recommended,227160,13229203,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Tetsuo,"Great screenshot generator. Long way to go before it deserves be called a ""game""."
,Recommended,227160,1544336,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,†TheReaper†,"The game, as it is right now, is a ship builder. It is still in alpha and there should be more to come (I hope) but so far what i've seen of just the ship building has been worth the money I spent. Not only can you build a full ship from bits and pieces but also install subsystems into each part that you use to build the ship. If the rest of the game has as many options as the builder did, I think it may even beat the X3 series. Alpha Rating: 7/10"
76561198044592393,Not Recommended,227160,24226832,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kypho,"Abandoned, Unballanced, thief developers. Fun for 10 min."
,Not Recommended,227160,23965202,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,deadering,Bought it when it first went into early access... checked up on it from time to time to see what had changed... now it will just never be finished.Complete waste of money.
76561198095428818,Not Recommended,227160,29047023,Posted: 5 January,all,Mastre Yode,Abandoned game. Avoid it for now. If it DOES ever get another update (which is very unlikely) ill change the review.
,Not Recommended,227160,28992706,Posted: 3 January,all,Artistic Sombrero,"TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHthis game is not what you expect, i like most of it but the gameplay LACKS objectives SEVERELY its horrible DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,227160,28486957,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Dub,Another abandoned early access game. 0/5.
76561198072428050,Not Recommended,227160,15681877,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,evans274,"I loved this game, and at times I would just spend hours designing the perfect ship of my dreams, giving each module a story and a purpose.  I would launch out in to space and sail in its vastness engaging in combat with the surrounding AI.. and this is where the fun really ends. I first bought this game when it released into Early Access. It was my last 20 bucks, and I sat there clenching my virtual steam funds... finally giving in. Kinetic Void looked like a very good game, the updates were coming fast, people were hyped showing each other their creations and the lore behind them.  Even a member of the Yogscast posted a video depicting the gamer designing and testing out a ship in his created system.I played almost constantly, seeing what I could make next, and admiring other peoples' hard and dedicated work as well.  But then, suddenly the game is ""released"". I was quite shocked, I knew this couldn't be true... the game was a broken mess, did they finally refine the faction and trading system?  Is the combat more fluid and less buggy?  It seems they really haven't.  They left a note at the door. I was devastated, waiting two years in anticipation for all of these features.  I scanned the forums, witnessing developers deleting threads and banning customers asking sincere questions.  It saddens me, and I really thought this game was going to be a success, remembering the hype and positive feedback of the game in its Early Access release.  Hopefully other developers won't follow in their footsteps, but unfortunately it happens frequent enough.  Cheers."
76561198073474032,Not Recommended,227160,14716507,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,McCloud Jr,"Just what the hell happened?There was so much going for this game. The very thought of building your own ship from different parts and explore a galaxy was the major reason i bought this game when it was first released in alpha.I did stop playing every now and then because the ship building system was just ♥♥♥♥ed up, and updates and fixes are barely there if at all.The huge amount of wait between updates and lack of help made me quit then months done the road i reinstalled it noticing that it was ""Fulling Released"" started it up and what do i see?JACK♥♥♥♥♥♥It feels like nothings been done and Badland Studio just decided to slap the ""Full Release"" Sticker on it because they too where done with it.Such a damn waste of an idea"
,Not Recommended,227160,15165353,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Lord Trent Kelto,"Very disappointing.  I bought this back in it's 0.2 or so alpha phase while on sale due to finding the ship building intriguing.  Sadly, that's still the ONLY thing this game is worth anything for.  It shouldn't be released, and the devs should have taken advantage of their eager community.Don't waste 20 bucks on this.  If it goes on sale for 75%+ off, maybe consider it if you're interested only in ship building and nothing else.This game had promise, and then they decided to release it as a full game far too early."
76561198029737538,Not Recommended,227160,15176121,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Pungee,"This game had a lot of promise originally and then, like a lot of Early Access games, seemed to hit a developmental quagmire. The game went from alpha to finished almost as though it were a spontaneous decision. I don't want to beat a dead horse here and go through a long enumeration of all the things I disliked and liked about the game; on the balance, it's not worth buying."
76561197985701465,Not Recommended,227160,15204968,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Gamtu,Was I wrong to be under the impression that getting this game on early access came with a price break?  I paid $19.99 for early access and the game is now $19.99 on release?
76561198012212173,Not Recommended,227160,15316342,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,rpcucunato21,"Really confusing and not a fun game, gave up on it after trying it several times.  Nothing in the game had me want to come back and try to figure it out."
76561198126365768,Not Recommended,227160,15493027,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,CMDR Vectura,Devs apparently stopped updating this unfinished piece of crap
,Not Recommended,227160,15588348,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,elseer,"TL;DR Game is unfinished, developer deletes criticism . Skip this game and spend your money elsewhere.I bought this game as early access in June of 2013. It had great promise as a kind of single player eve clone. Over the years leading up to my review I've grown rather annoyed and disappointed by this game. You see now in April of 2015 the ""tutorial"" such as it is remains unfinished, in game help is buggy, there are strange ui issues. I've been waiting to see the developer finish at the basics tutorials, help, ui that works, etc.You can see other reviews of Kinetic Void with in depth information on what is missing but in the end this game is not finished. Worse yet, the developer asks for input and deletes whole threads where they obtain that requested input and its not the input the developer wanted to hear. Recently the developer admitted that half the team is gone. I am certain the developer will rethink this admission and will delete that comment soon enough.  while not abandoned, the game has little support beyond the developer and two other employees all of which are on a side project.fine, I don't mind games that are ignored once they are completed but Kinetic void is not completed. Frankly its not even close to completed. Its missing some of the most basic functions and qa rounds any other game gets.I'm glad I only paid us$7 for Kinetic Void, And guess what? I paid too much. Skip this space game and grab any of the other games out there . Preferably something with a bit more polish.note to developer to fix this game you need serious help from a paid qa person or two whom you will listen too and fix all the ui bugs. You will need ot add an in game tutorial, in game reference  and some hand holding. You're going to need to stop removing threads that are critical and instead treat them as honest feedback."
,Not Recommended,227160,23444328,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Comrade Cory,Abandonware.
76561198064632367,Not Recommended,227160,23494664,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,CyberneticGentleman,"The saddest part is that this type of game has so much potential, but the devs have just taken the money and ran."
,Not Recommended,227160,15332615,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Rob,"With an interface that's as unintuitive as possible and unfinished gameplay, it's not worth the trouble to learn or the money to buy."
,Not Recommended,227160,23466616,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Cyriak,Game was released in an unfinished state... Nothing more to say...
76561198004663057,Not Recommended,227160,15176499,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,langjimmy,This game is broken now. I played it before had 4 differant saves none of which would load and tried to start a new game and I can not. So basicly the game is worse off from the last time I played it seeing how I can not play it now at all.  I am not recommending and I am not recommending due to this is my experience and others obvioulsy have been playing and yes my rig is more than capable it's a menu not responding issue
76561198052031616,Not Recommended,227160,15943928,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,HaveMonkey,Garbage.Scam.That is all
76561198069017235,Not Recommended,227160,23475224,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,greenfang1984,Liked: ship building possiblitiesDisliked: Everything after building shipSo no i wouldnt recommend after the devs have left it for deadBad Devs sit in corner and learn from mistake oh and give us our money back
,Not Recommended,227160,26360140,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,kilemeino calvire,"i bought the game back when the construction had snap points (and am very disipoined that they removed them)the game had alot of great ideas yet it is far from the game i was hopeing for when i spent my $20.00 on it.the construction system is ok but could be far better if there were an option to toggle snap points, less odd shaped pieces, better size scaleing.the game play feels lacking there is nearly no objectives basicly biuld your ship and die by pirates manly because they dont give you enough starter parts to protect yourself.the starter parts they give you in that poor exuse they call a career mode is a random shuffle of teir 1 parts and they give you up to 20ish components total consiting of atleast one command pod, one hull segment, two weapon mounts and weapons, one-three engines of varying types, and an assortment of subsystems.it is slightly better in sandbox as you get all the parts in infinite ammounts however there is no point to play as everythaing is there for you to use alredyhell no mans sky is more complete then this.if you want space exploration and construction that has a point... or at least more of a point DO NOT BUY this. get starmade or space engineers"
76561198041141825,Not Recommended,227160,21876189,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Gibla,"This game is not a game. It is merely an idea that crossed the developer's mind for a brief second, before dissapearing into the void. Thus, I give you, kinetic void"
76561198052456525,Not Recommended,227160,20396942,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,GamingDude37,Do you love space?Have you ever wanted to become a space mercenery?How about a space trader? or a space bounty hunter?Maybe even a space pirate?Ever wanted to destroy an entire armada using your giant spaceship?With enough lasers to satisfy the averege star wars fan?And enough explosions to give Michael Bay an orgasem?If you said yes to all of the statements above than kinetic void is'nt for you! go buy Rebel Galaxy instead.
,Not Recommended,227160,20362576,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,101VaultBoy,"No no no no no no no no no and no. Simply Abondonware that is to be avoided at all cost, unless of corse you like building iffy looking spaceships that wont do anything."
,Not Recommended,227160,21824094,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,CHAPPIE,"It used to be a good sandbox game where you could make ships out of scratch, without limits anything you wanted and with several options, what happened, WHY??WHY DID YOU HAVE TO MAKE THIS?!"
76561198050331496,Not Recommended,227160,18829515,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Abraxo™,DO NOT BUYGame is unfinished/unplayable and has been abandoned by the developer.
76561198024161317,Not Recommended,227160,19948782,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Phoomania,"Had good potential with the ship building aspect, but falls apart with broken and incomplete gameplay"
76561197991603176,Not Recommended,227160,20044694,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Tyggna,"I'm largely convinced that this was a scam-kickstarter, where they made just enough of a product to convince people they had an ""early access"" game, and then took all the money and ran."
,Not Recommended,227160,20550143,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,José,"There is a reason why most reviews are negative.The game is bland and unfinished.I bought it when it was an Early Access title and haven't been able to get into it since.The idea sounded fine, a dynamic universe, lots of faction and things to do.Well, there ain't much to do, and what you do feels weightless and pointless.Sorry"
,Not Recommended,227160,20516629,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Blunt Lord,Trash
76561198000719883,Not Recommended,227160,21959261,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Pi Masta,"Tried this when it was in Early Access. Was appalled at how un-playable the state of the game was. It looked like there was a good potential for it. I figured I'd wait several months and see if it matured.I haven't re-downloaded it, but judged by the ratings and the fact that the Game's website is no longer available I'd say this was abandoned. I may in the future take another look but I doubt it was worth the money, the time I spent trying to play it, or even the time I spent writing this review."
76561198133043704,Not Recommended,227160,20530183,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Blast,Abandoned Game DO NOT BUY
76561198024975019,Not Recommended,227160,23089051,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,KMcSharry,Garbage
,Not Recommended,227160,23090504,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Draco,"Loved it when it was being developed. However, it's been abandoned."
,Not Recommended,227160,23089443,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Bremer.d.Gorst,Abandoned. Pure and simple.
,Not Recommended,227160,28688621,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Chillax,really wish they had finished this game.
76561197976228399,Not Recommended,227160,25976556,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,R.Reagan,"Had great promise but the idiots never finished it and left it as is..... Another $20 down the drain.EDIT: Hey Steam... why is this still up for sale?  The game is unfinished and the Devs ran with the money!  Hey buy a good game like Empyrion.  Everyone that I know that's purchased it loves it.  It's like Minecraft had a SciFi baby.  Love it, check it out, it will feed that ""void""."
76561197988855002,Not Recommended,227160,14456683,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,HMS Indeconstructable,Just another early access indie game that was released half broken and half finished.
,Not Recommended,227160,15909011,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Weltall,Crap game.
76561198045785308,Not Recommended,227160,15737293,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Kerian Halcyon,"This game has kind of a sad history.  It looked REALLY good when it was on early access, and had a few people's support, but beyond the ship design most of it was clunky and hard to understand or manage.  I had a game once where I built a big ship and the only thing I could do was go into warp drive, because the other controls besides turning didn't seem to work.  I essentially hung dead in space.I got this game for the ship design.  While it has an unfinished feel to it, the ship building looks cool enough and a lot of it had a bunch of potential.  I myself will likely install it once or twice just to build some ships again so that I get a visual idea for something for a much better game, like say Space Engineers.  Beyond that, however, I probably will never play it again.  It was a waste of potential.  Kind of wished that the devs put more effort into it...or at the very least got some help in finishing the game.Sad day.  I hate making negative reviews."
76561198043019232,Not Recommended,227160,14478336,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,rifter08,"I bought into this game early on, and to be honest i'm seeing very little change since then.A very ambitious title poorly executed.If you manage to build a flyable ship and leave the station you will be at first underwhelmed, by the low res graphics and lazily rendered space station. You will then be overwhelmed as you try to figure out just what it is you're supposed to do.There's no story arc, just supposedly ramdomly generated missions, (of which i never found).I understand the dev team was small, but that is no excuse.Anather 6 - 12 months would have seen a greatly improved, and realized game.Thanks Badland.DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,227160,14524980,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Vriscout Spenceket,"The ship designer is cool.But it's the only thing about the game that could be called complete and efficient.Not only was the gameplay so poor that I couldn't even bring myself to play more than an hour outside the ship editor, whoever was behind this game forgot to finish the graphics engine.I don't even know how you miss that, forgetting to finish the graphics engine shows itself with spontaneous blooms of light filling the screen, weird looking planets (Their textures do not increase in detail with proximity, and they lack atmospheric effects for colour emissions) and very poor performance (Runs fine at full settings on my computer, but considering how dull the graphics are at max settings, that's no excuse for it to be generating a lot of heat or be unplayable with my old graphics card)."
76561197997421384,Not Recommended,227160,23045704,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,|LAME| MEAT,"You want to know how bad this game is?  The tutorial (and by tutorial, I mean the 30 paragraph text dump they expect to guide you through this 'game') mentions features that, and I quote, have yet to be implemented.This game claims to be fully released, but does not even contain all the features that the game itself says it does.Do not buy this.  The developers do not deserve your money."
,Not Recommended,227160,22738235,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Yup,"Unfinished game is unfinished. The devs just gave up, and took my money and ran without delivering.It's always a gamble, buying a game in pre-release. It sucks when you roll snake eyes.Robocraft is better. Subnautica is better. Don't waste your money. For the three people who don't already know: Avoid this game."
76561198120898821,Not Recommended,227160,34342581,Posted: 18 August,all,Murossy,"I'll remember the devs, so that i don't buy anything from them again."
76561198057246919,Not Recommended,227160,18392157,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Inferno,"First review on steam, game has been abandoned from what i gathered early 2014. The Dev ran away from this project i bought it in 2013 hoping it would be the next big thing but it turned out to be a big flop. Best way to explain it currently is it's SPORE for ships but remove objectives and any questing. There are bugs from what was attempted to be fixed which wasn't broken. $20 down the hole. i hope there is a hell for devs who abandon and leave kickstarters hanging..."
,Recommended,227160,11832039,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,ImNotNeo,"I LOVE the ship creator tool, it is pefect but the combat really lets it down. The first enemies you fly into can blow your ship that you took an hour to build, apart in 1/2 shots and you weapons bounce off them.To the developer - please lower the difficulty at the beggining. It really makes you not want to carry on after your first couple of ships."
,Not Recommended,227160,25238063,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,The Voice 106.7,"This ""game"", much like the devs; dead and gone. Nothing more than a broken shell of hollow dreams. No updates in a long while. Nothing particularly good about this game to begin with. I've not been this disappointed since Bush was president. Don't buy. This is abandoned."
,Not Recommended,227160,14347181,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Hagamablabla,"The best comparison to this game is Spore. Just like how the creature creator was pretty fun by itself, I can see people designing huge ships in the Steam Workshop. Unfortunately, just like Spore, the rest of the game was garbage and failed to live up to expectations. I wouldn't buy it even if it was 5 bucks on sale."
,Not Recommended,227160,17343783,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,OneJibmoNation,"This game was an achievement when it came to building your own really nice looking space ships, and all the different modules, details and work put into that system. Bought the game in early access because I really liked that concept and there was some cool♥♥♥♥♥looking ships in the workshop. Unfortunately development seemed to slow, and seemingly out of nowhere I saw it on Steam's main store page being that it was fully released version 1.0, After full release I tried playing the game, and could not for the life of me figure out how factions or missions worked at all. It seems that all the actual gameplay elements were rushed out and are not user friendly at all. It sucks, and I know that's the risk of early access. But I don't know how someone could take money from people in support of a product they're making and on the home stretch just throw it out there in such an unspectacular state. I understand that if you run out of money and the game's not selling due to its poor reviews, you've gotta get a day job. At least work towards making it a fun and accessible game in your free time from then on! Maybe in due time you'd get a chance to redeem yourself and your game and you'd start getting some sales, but whatever man. I guess♥♥♥♥♥♥happens. Could've been a great game."
76561197992145356,Not Recommended,227160,17326694,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Jumach,"Very ambitious game with a *very* emphatic NOPE. The website still sells it as early access. Last update was over a year ago as of this writing. It states:For a while now, our biggest problem has been a lack of content once you’ve built your ship, and an in-depth economy    will be a major factor in creating a living world for the player to interact with. This week’s patch includes an early implementation that should give you a basic idea of where we want to go with it.So basically with the final release, we have an ""early implementation"" of a ""basic idea"" for the economy. I'm certainly not trying to be antagonistic here, but that just seems blatantly wrong to me. It feels pretty deceitful to sell a product as complete when it has clearly not been finished. I really wanted to like it. It was one of the first early-access titles I've purchased and I admit, the ship builder is pretty fun. Flying your ship, or interacting with the universe on any meaningful level seems non-existant. Combat is boring and janky, the economy sim is incomplete, and the whole thing reeks of alpha. For clarification, alpha as in the pre-beta stage, beta meaning the game is feature complete and only requires bug fixing, optimization, and testing. In essence I'm saying that things are missing. Overall, once you finish building your ship, you may as well just quit the game; it's peaked. That was the high point, that was the single most fun thing that you will ever do in this game. It's just boring. Obviously, no developer sets their sights on making a boring game. I'm not mad, I understand money and motivation don't last forever, but this game really should have been *so* much more than what is offered. The procedural random galaxy and shipbuilder alone must have been truly momental tasks to overcome. I don't know what happened with the devs (the forums are malfunctioning or have been removed as of this writing), but it's genuinely as though they just vanished. If and when they do return, I hope that they will learn from their mistakes and move on."
,Recommended,227160,8363751,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Scarlett,"Bear in mind this is still an incomplete game at this stage, so I will only review what feels like the most complete section, ship building.Honestly I was a little hesitant at first, I have had other games where you can make your own content fail to deliver misserably, and I am a huge fan of making my own things my own way.After getting to grips with placing the modules properly (which takes some time and mistakes) I completely forgot the time and before I knew it I had spent a whole evening making my first ship, which I was very proud of.With some time and dedication you can make some fantastic creations with this even at this stage of development, it only takes a quick look on the workshop to see people who have made some really special things already, even a gaint mech!This is already a fun game for those who enjoy the construction element in particular, the rest of the game is only really complete enough to take your creation for a joy ride and test out the fighting capabilities.That said if the completed game has the same level of effort put in to its construction this could be a masterpiece waiting to happen...Only buy at this point if you like games where you can make your own creations, and if you remember this is a game very much in development, do not expect a polished and complete experience yet!"
,Not Recommended,227160,18005964,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Arkan01d,Abandonware. Not worth buying.
76561198037115677,Not Recommended,227160,14292943,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ted234521,"Bought this over a year ago and there have been no notable updates. You can build a ship and literally nothing else, which makes it kind of pointless. I won't say the game is bad, because maybe some updates will come along later in time. But as it stands, it seems like the devs took the money and ran... All I can say is that I'll be more careful next time I invest in an early access program"
76561197987398797,Not Recommended,227160,18084916,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,JJRimmer,Another example of a failed steam alpha game.
76561198085316721,Not Recommended,227160,18348348,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,jack23011,"Backed this game and it had a lot of promise...then, rather than follow a 'typical' update/upgrade through EA, alpha, beta, etc., they started trying to 'fix' things that were not 'broken' and adding convoluded layers to some of the more elegan/simple parts of the game, that were not 'broken.' Oh, well. It appears to be an abandoned project at this point. If you can get it for the option to build your own ship and fly it around do so on the cheap...this is not worth the 2$20 US. I moved on to Elite Dangerous and never looked back."
76561197993562531,Recommended,227160,8182200,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,synthabusion,The spaceship building is a lot of fun. If this gets to be fully developed it should be amazingly awesome!
,Recommended,227160,14443656,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Turbo,"Still VERY much a Alpha, but if you can forgive that, it's a cool game.58/100"
76561198138594086,Not Recommended,227160,13310460,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Cameron Chaffee,This game is very complicated i gave up trying to learn how to bulid my own ship so I took one they had already made and flew it around i was bored within 30 min.
,Recommended,227160,8725243,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,theNoize,"this game is single player EVE on drugs, it gives yo an open world ie: space: and allows you to build your own ships! only down sides: still in beta/alpha still is selling for funding. and would be awsome if multi player, but its not... games fun and the dynamics of game play make it interesting. im sure in a year or two this game will be the future of space rpg's, but at the moment its lego space the single player MMO. as in this game is big enuff to be an MMO but it is sigle player."
,Recommended,227160,971583,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Guy_From_Hell,"Good space game with some physics and FULLY customizable ships. Vast universe with solar systems.This game is a perfect combination of realistic space and good gameplay. There is not many games if any that have these parameters. Some have very realistic space physics (like KSP), some has very detailed ship designs. This game is a perfect combination of a lot of space simulators. You can say, that they have found a balance when the game is very detailed and still very fun to play."
76561198089612801,Recommended,227160,9808487,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Scythe7,"It was as if EVE Online and Kerbal Space Program had a baby, and that baby was a total badass. Build your ship to be whatever you desire and explore, fight, and be an interstellar accountant(I know that that may not sound fun, but it worked out great for EVE.) inside a beautiful universe which for some reason has awesome music playing in the backround. NPCs will call for your help, maybe ambushing you with three or four enemy ships. The reqirement specs are quite low, I know because I have a 720p 2009 iMac, and the framerate is pretty smooth at max settings. If you listen to the devs, then you can tell that they really care about Kinetic Void. This game has tons of potential, and I think that it's going to deliver. And if you don't like the game, then GLaDOS will give you cake!"
76561198066505547,Not Recommended,227160,10434527,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,TurnDownForHwat,"Currently I do not recommend getting the game. The gameplay is nonexistent, the only rhing you can do is construct vessels and fly them aimlessly in space. There is no economy or combat to speak of. Please wait until the dev finshes the game."
,Not Recommended,227160,13063471,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,PhoenixAshen,Horrible mess that has no business being billed as a final release.
,Recommended,227160,8150928,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,sba.Stonez,"Spaceships!  You make them in any configuration you want and fly them against a terrible enemy, or faction or whomever you wish.  Very sandboxy, but wow does this game have potential!"
,Not Recommended,227160,25733340,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Dizzle,Abandoned
,Not Recommended,227160,26057346,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Froz,"The ship designer's decent. I'll at least be able to use that to help me visualize some spaceship concepts for a creative project I'm working on.Actual gameplay is barely implemented and what's there didn't seem to be any fun. It's long since abandoned now, anyway.Only purchase if the ship designer is only thing you want out of this, and even then only on sale."
76561198202301120,Not Recommended,227160,16318608,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Hurk Burlap,Horribly broken.
76561198056488128,Not Recommended,227160,15679554,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,(0|_3,"What can ya say, its unfinsihed.These devs go on the blacklist along with Code}{atch, thanks for wasting my money Badland..."
,Not Recommended,227160,15988304,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Quantum Dark,"Build a ship....yeah.that's all you can really dothe misions are broken/ boreingthe ""content"" is just build a ship fly around very slowly and shoot a ship or so and that's it...no story.no clue what the universe is no idea who the factions are or anything and the ""tutorial"" is uselessmay as well have been abandoned."
,Not Recommended,227160,16803290,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,BulletStrike70,"Kinetic Void started off as a really good idea for a game. 100% open world, pure 'do-as-you-wish' ship construction and exploration.That's about all the good I can say about it.The dev team was really small, inexperienced, and although they were pretty active in the community and media, the game itself fell short by many expectations. There are still a lot of bugs, no actual tutorial, ship building in itself is pretty complicated, and the game overall is not really well optimized.When it boiled down to release I started to regret my purchase as despite the fact it's no longer Early Access, the game itself still feels largely incomplete. Buggy, no tutorial whatsoever, still not well optimized to run, and the ship building, although the interface is better, it still is really complicated a workflow overall. Not even the missions would work correctly. Which was a pain.Of course, having already purchased this game I decided to cling on and hope for the best, but then suddenly, the game went quiet on all mediums: forum, update schedule, and youtube.The entire dev team dropped out of the KV project, pretty much leaving only 2 behind. While it's more of a lack of interest than a 'take money and run' scheme (funds went to dev salaries), the 2 developers that DID stay behind, as much as I'd like to applaud them, can't do much either, not when they are also trying to work on a side project to make ends meet.I bought the game with high hopes that were never repaid. If you're here looking for a space sandbox, there are other, much better games that haven't been abandoned and left to rot in the pits of Steam. Don't buy this. It was never worth the $20, and never will be."
,Not Recommended,227160,15664870,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,emjds,"Oh boy, where do I start with this?The awkward controls? The really♥♥♥♥♥♥combat mechanics? The bugs? So many bugs.Somehow the tutorial manages to be 6 calendar years long and still not tell you anything important, which is quite an achievement.It's really a shame, this game could've been great."
,Not Recommended,227160,15767241,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Cyberdinamical,"At first glance, it looked fun. Although I only saw shipbuilding as the enojyable part of the game. Everything else isn't as great in my opinion. For $20, I wouldn't buy it. I might be a bit low on this review, but I say don't even touch this. I know I wasted my money, so don't waste yours."
,Not Recommended,227160,15833626,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Palästinalied on repeat,Got it over a year ago and thought it was pile of garbage. Tried it out again more recently to discover the devs had only added to aforementioned pile of garbage
76561197970967129,Not Recommended,227160,15990889,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Roh,"Yep, ripped off. I at the very least hope their behavior with this keeps the developers of this half of a game from getting jobs anywhere else in the industry.... That would at least be a silver lining."
76561197988728533,Not Recommended,227160,18064379,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,zaG,"Don't buy this! I bought it after release and it's still unplayable... No development. F*** this s***! And the dev, too. Thief! Mother****er!"
,Not Recommended,227160,16463244,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Minkshaman,">>Adventureno. there are no plot elements yet. this game is not yet out of Early Access regardless of ""version number""I bought this years ago and I wish I could get my money back."
,Not Recommended,227160,18607905,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Fire Yoshi,Abandoned by developper. Do not buy.
76561198050993000,Not Recommended,227160,29786890,Posted: 8 February,all,Gamers Mind,"i bought this game back in january 2013looking back it had alot of potential and looked enjoyable.HOWEVERthere has been no update for a long while, neither any notifications about the progress.from my point of view today they just ran off and left us to regret buying this game.the game:has nice building system and is somewhat fun, but after a hour or 3 you will get bored.graphics are ok i guess and performance is also ok from what i remember but definantly spend your money on something else becouse without updates this game will just get lost in the void of old/♥♥♥♥♥♥ games."
76561197969088562,Not Recommended,227160,16288174,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ashes01,"Kinetic void, watched the video read the forums in very early access (2013). Realised that it had massive potential bought the game. Played it, shelved it and like many others waited for a better game to come to pass.What Ive learnt since then, again like many others, I'll watch the video read the comments look at game play, read dev blogs and decide (usually correctly) that the game in question is just too over ambitious and throw my money at something else.Now the dev's are a smaller team this is one of the games that, personally, cant seen to be ever finished to the point where I could turn around and say ""buy this"".The game is difficult to get into, difficult to play because it still is and possibly awlays be an unifnished product. Dont treat this as a full release (it pushed out of early access for many reason im sure).Love building ships? (great looking too), Love flying em about with partially completed gameplay? Then buy it.looking for something that doesnt require a lot of reading up on tutorials, bug workarounds and shallow gameplay then sorry, just look somewhere else.What money I did spend on this game helped me save huge amounts of cash not spent on other early access games no matter how good the sales pitch is. So every cloud and all that..."
,Not Recommended,227160,16109644,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,rogersm0,Simply put the game is not complete and doesn't really work.  Frankly steam should be ashamed of selling it.
,Not Recommended,227160,18005236,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Johnny Mediocracy,"This game had so much potential, and now it's just garbage. It is less playable now than in alpha, don't waist your money."
,Not Recommended,227160,18618936,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,KevinStorm,The developer took the money and ran.
76561198019173178,Not Recommended,227160,22726778,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SilverAgeFan,"One of the first Early Access titles I purchased. Think I spent $5 on it. Just as Towns made me question Greenlit titles, this definitely gives me pause as a consumer to consider purchasing most EA titles from now on."
,Not Recommended,227160,33299942,Posted: 5 July,all,𝓳𝓸𝓻𝓭𝓪𝓷,"This game has been abandoned for a very long time. It feels unfinished, and there is little point in playing it."
76561198070954168,Not Recommended,227160,11836653,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Biodeamon,"Combat is virtually broke and exploration is virtually broken, rendering this barely anything but a ship building sim. And with the limited number of parts available a very poor sim indeed.This shows promise, but until their is massive improvement in the depth and bugs of the game I wouldn't recommend wasting your money.Since when did buying re-release games become simply paying to be a tester?"
76561197999059715,Not Recommended,227160,15614263,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Pilgrimm,"Can't even figure out the build a ship screen. Super unintuitive UI, this is mostly a broken game."
76561198065765711,Not Recommended,227160,8965220,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Pepeachu,My previous review on this game was rather positive because it was fairly intriguing for an early access alpha.The game is now released and not much has changed. This greatly disappoints me. Overall the gameplay isn't too bad (emphasis on too because it's not great either) but for a finished title it's aesthetically unpleasing. I'm Seriously disappointed this is considered a finished product. With the time you've had you could have achieved so much more from this.Overall I give it a 4/10 mostly because it has a great ship builder and was generally a good early access experience but there is nothing else impressive about this game in its current state.
,Not Recommended,227160,7917587,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Jam Defiant Comspan,(Update): Since i Originally Reviewed this game There has been a lot of changes to gameplay features  Space combat has been improved with varying weapons Customizable Subsystems their location and Destructible pieces. Other than that the game hasn't changed much. The game though  compared to the others like it on steam do much like it i feel that the developers need to develop more unique gameplay elements to keep it fresh but for now not to be recommended at least for me. it also seems that the whole community now hates this game i have only one word to the developer and that is try again this game had serious Potential to it. But at this time i am left seriously disapointed.
76561198050866849,Not Recommended,227160,15596114,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Heroic_Brine,I tried to lern how this works spent hours in forums and failed STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME!
,Not Recommended,227160,23073589,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,✪ pumpkinbread,"Game has been in Dev for multiple years with no signs of significant imporvement or acknowledgement of continuation from developer ""Badland Studio."" Every 6 months or so expect an update.Game should be removed from steam until the dev team decides they actually care about this title."
,Not Recommended,227160,31322773,Posted: 23 April,all,EverKnoxx,"""i see lots of potential in this"" me now ""welp...that ship has sailed scince 2015"""
,Not Recommended,227160,34451005,Posted: 23 August,all,PopeSeanV,yet another scam
,Not Recommended,227160,34317570,Posted: 17 August,all,CrossDressiNate,"Another one of the early access blunders.When I bought the game in EA, the ship builder was fantastic and had a lot of fun with it. Steam didn't log a good 10 hours, but thats ok. This game is awful other than the ship builder. There is nothing to do. This isn't just barebones, hell not even the bones are there, it's so empty.But EA is a gamble. Sometimes you invest in a good product that gets finished, sometimes you don't."
76561198025814211,Not Recommended,227160,34490403,Posted: 25 August,all,Sir Walken,Completely abandoned after less than 3 months.Complete rip off that it's still even purchasable at all let alone for $20
76561198071656152,Not Recommended,227160,34135387,Posted: 9 August,all,Raw_Latex_Pilot,wow look at this space game that never got finished0/10 unfortunately I played enough to not be eligable for a refund
,Not Recommended,227160,21036849,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kask,This game promised much only to not deliver. Don't buy it.
76561198037827082,Not Recommended,227160,21063714,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,GrifReaper487,Don't buy this game. It has not been updated for over a year now and it's clear no further development will be taking place. They took the money and ran here.
76561198044735557,Not Recommended,227160,20414906,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DrTomT18,Theres 20 bucks I'll never see again.
,Not Recommended,227160,13628178,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Zen,"Despite the negative reviews I decided it looked like the kind of game I would really enjoy... To be honest, I can't tell you if I enjoy the game or not, since I can't get past just how counter intuitive the ship building interface is. All I want to do is mirror a damn part. You have the tool, you click it, and as for mirroring? lets see, if by some miracle you do manage to get them to mirror.... they will be offset on the z axis, so they just wont align, and can you switch between the parts to do fine adjustment, nope, that button doesn't seem to do a damn thing. Either it's just not meant to do that, or whatever, but that's what I would think it would do... Dear devolopers, have you ever used any 3d modeling software? do you have any idea what 'mirror' means? I have spent the last hour since downloading it, trying to make a mirror image of a hull part. that's all I want to do. As it is, I'm going to just slap a bunch of parts together, throw some engines on it and call it good. I really hope that the actual game play isn't as counter intuitive as the ship building interface. Save your money folks, even on sale it isn't worth what I paid for it. Games are supposed to be fun, relaxing, enjoyable. Not vexing to the point of making any possible enjoyment moot.Update: After another 3 hours of messing with the ship designer, I figured out a few tricks to actually make the parts line up as a mirror image of eachother, but naturally, it is not how you'd think you'd be able to pull it off. Anyways made the ship, launched, got a mission message, and it was very vague.Managed to mine the required materials, and now I have no idea where to take them...Suggestion for the developer, go play Freelancer. Compare what you attempted to do with the 'freelance' mode of the game. get a mission, it tells you where to go, add a module, it shows what it does, how it affects everything.The KV interface is crap. It's a nice idea, but there's too much of the wrong information, and not enough of the right information. Buttons get hidden, the touch location changes, little bugs, that are obnoxious.It's nice that it's an open sandbox, and you get to choose where you get to go and when you go there, but what's the point if the game expects you to guess where you're suppoed to go to?Save your money, and your frustration."
76561197989965395,Not Recommended,227160,18886560,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Angrypencils,Another unfinished Early Access game released WAY too early and abandoned by the developer. Avoid at all costs!
,Not Recommended,227160,18928656,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Mehigh,"Unfinished, the dev. took the money and left."
76561197974112108,Not Recommended,227160,18693955,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,SpidyM,Cant really say to much as only played for 2.2 hours...However that was long enough to realize the game is far from finished.... that was last year.... then came on my library today to see what updates there were.... and i find its been nearly a year with nothing! :/   How can anyone recommend an abandoned game thats a looong way off being complete!
,Not Recommended,227160,7866807,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,-[FaZe]- xX_w33d5c0p3r420_xXx,"The developer literally lies to your face about features (at least when I bought it) by advertising that they're in the game already, when it turns out that these important and advertised features are yet to be added. The excuse here? ""It's only early access."" Early access my @ss, you advertised these to be in the game, not waiting for it in a future update. I also hear that this is 2 years after the kickstarter. This feels like one of those 1-2 week game challenges except like less than half complete."
,Not Recommended,227160,14700175,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Holomanga,Ship designer is significantly less versatile than expected
,Not Recommended,227160,28149668,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,RoguishChuvak,It was fun when it was initially out. Completely abandoned by devs.
,Not Recommended,227160,14753682,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Obsidian War PJs,"Awkward controls, poor performance, lack of polish, lack of features (still only two ship templates, otherwise I'm on my own?) have convinced me to not try to explore this title any further."
,Not Recommended,227160,15225490,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ChaosKeeper,Not sure what is worst...This game or that my best friend gift me Bad Rats...I think this game is worse...
,Not Recommended,227160,16981904,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,azinz,"Here's a really good example of why Steam GreenLight usually doesn't work as planned.Originally I invested in this game for the idea, knowing full well it would be a while before development finished. However, the stunning slowness and absolute lack of proper patching didn't even remotely keep me interested to boot up the game. The few hours I messed around with it showed promise, especially in the ship building aspect. Unfortunately, this is real life -- developers get lazy, lose motivation, perhaps funding gets cut.This is exactly why Steam GreenLight was a failure. In retrospect, it's a good idea -- sometimes developers need help or the extra customer funding to push their game to the max. Keen Software is a good example of how to do it; they engage in their community very often, an update is out once every 1-2 weeks reflecting some sort of desire or functionality customers wanted, and it is well-recieved and fleshed out to be a game of its own. Badland Studio had promises, but fell short; a disappointment of a company at best."
76561197999258199,Not Recommended,227160,17281056,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,=GcG= Jake,"big no go.. horrible, and no visible change since its early access."
76561198055158768,Not Recommended,227160,17307484,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Gordin Remsy,Watched and waited for a long time. Just do what I did and get Elite Dangerous.
,Not Recommended,227160,8565503,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Melovinci,"Once I had finally built a ship capable of travel at a reasonable speed, I immediately set about exploring. Unfortunately, my exploration didn’t yield a much asides from occasional distress calls from ships that moved too fast for me to do anything to help. The first (potential) release from Badland Studios has a lot of potential, but in its current incomplete state, Kinetic Void is nothing but confusing and frustrating.For the segment on Kinetic Void. visit:http://icarusreviews.net/2013/10/11/early-access/"
76561198008900293,Not Recommended,227160,14643491,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Jasper,"It's kind of interesting, but there's not really much to do. I kind of feel like it's a flying simulator, and the thing to create space ships is a steap learning curve at the least. I just found myself flying around doing a whole lot of nothing. No objectives or anything. Not even anything to shoot. I get near an object, but I can't seem to get close enough to other ships to even see them at all even at slowest speeds. Elite Dangerous is much better than this."
,Not Recommended,227160,14767927,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,ThatPazuzu,This is the game that made me decide to never buy any game in alpha again. From the early days to now it's an unmitigated disaster. Imagine is Kerbal and Spore had a baby and then that baby stayed a baby forever so you can never do cool stuff with it. You're just stuck with a baby.
,Not Recommended,227160,17497646,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,[IHC] Yenski,"Another ""Alpha-to-Garbage"" title.  The developer just lost his drive and blamed it on the croud; How sad."
76561198010020579,Not Recommended,227160,14427530,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Archangel bitkins.com,"Quite a waste of time if you ask me.... Poorly built game, waste of 20 bucks. Being honest, I dont even think I would buy it for 5. Do not waste your time. I played it for not even an hour and got sick of it. The pictures and the advertisement of the game looks amazing, it is not........ sadly... they took a great idea and failed miserably."
76561198034767140,Not Recommended,227160,14760545,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,[CLASSIFIED],"I thought this would be simple and fun like StarMade, but I was dissapointed. Parts are the wrong size for other parts, the tutorial makes no sense, and when you manage to build something after a few hours of clicking around you just fly around in space.That's.It.You just fly around.In space.plsno"
,Not Recommended,227160,16982329,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Arazele,"It's a shame because this game has so much potential. The only thing good I have to say about this is that the ship creator is bloody brilliant. Real customisation to exactly where you want your weapons, cockpit, engines etc. If it's going cheap it's worth a go just to build a few ships and get really creative.Outside the space station though. MEH. There isn't really anything to do. If you're lucky a mission might pop up, and you're even luckier if you're properly equipped to do it. Icons of asteroids litter the screen with no real method of filtering other than 'HUD off'. and the game lacks any real.. anything. So.. Mining the identical poo drop shaped asteroids over and over again for money gets boring very quickly, and for some reason they just explode when you've mined them. This tiny ship can blow up an item that is probably kilometers wide.. with.. mining lasers. NOPE.Planets are empty and don't even have names.. There's no one really to talk to, at all. Would have been nice to hail other ships even if it was just for trading. The little cockpit man that pops up every time you fart or blink gets irritating, just text would have sufficed for the 60th Silicates you mined.After nearly 3 years of development I'm severely disappointed. Yeah some aspects are good. But it's not playable and it's not a game. What a joke."
76561198046707593,Not Recommended,227160,14696407,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Professor Moe Lester PhD,"I purchased this game while it was still in the alpha stage, since it seemed like it had a lot of capability and potential. However, that potential was never fulfilled, and the game is practically the same as when I first got it, they didn't add in anything, they didn't fix anything, they just robbed everyone who got it of their money, and then released an unfinished ♥♥♥♥♥♥ product and ran. Screw you BADLAND STUDIO, I want my money back, you lazy♥♥♥♥♥holes."
76561197992287716,Not Recommended,227160,17482871,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,lodoss3885,This game is the reason I no longer purchase early-access games.
76561198005817365,Not Recommended,227160,20362359,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Bear Cop,what a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,227160,32215300,Posted: 6 June,all,Nabernizer,The soundtrack is pretty good.
,Not Recommended,227160,26485939,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Defender,Incomplete
76561198055459651,Recommended,227160,9922256,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Spencefence,"As most reviews have said up to now, KV is in Early Access, and thus has a long way to go. That being said, the fact that it does have a ways to go is less of a reminder than something to look forward to(as is often the case in Early Access games) as this game is remarkably whole. You generate a universe, build a ship(or if that's not your thing there are plenty of perfectly fine pre-built ships), and launch it into space. You fly around vaporizing enemies(or getting vaporized...you'll learn your limitations very quickly) and completing missions, and, if your hull is about to crumble or you decide you can do better with the design, you return to the ship yard and make adjustments. As it stands, the missions do need work, as they are random and can become repetitive, and the help center and be opaque to people starting out, but for those looking for a space sim because of exactly what it is: a sim, this game is excellent."
,Not Recommended,227160,18675176,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Flak,Studio promised a solid game around their ship builder.Took the money and ran.
76561197981683046,Not Recommended,227160,11829050,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Slayer,"This game is like X2 mixed with EVE but far less intuitive, if that is possible. Tutorial was worse than X, which is a bit more complicated, yet taught me how to play. This game has potential in the ship building process but adds little to no instruction on how to do so. The ship building could rise above other games but doesn't help you to design your first ship properly. The controls after my ship lauched resemble EVE with less instructon. I guess the sale on 5ish dollars represent its competiveness.I am not happy with my purchase."
,Not Recommended,227160,14337047,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Stico,"I wanted a open space game where you can build your own ships. while this fits that, i did not like this game. Space engineers is what you should go for. if you have the same whishes."
,Not Recommended,227160,18284598,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,The Baldie,"The game was looking to be getting off to a good start, then they released it.Such a shame."
,Not Recommended,227160,13466301,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,DubMeister,"I got this while it was in Early Access and played for less than a few hours. I really enjoyed building my own ship in that short time, but not so much the stiff gameplay. I saw that the game had a lot of potential in the making so I excused the gameplay thinking to myself that it'd improve in time since it was still in early access. Now that I see it was pushed to full release in such a short amount of time, I am severely disappointed. This was far from being completed."
76561198028884388,Not Recommended,227160,15349039,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,GravyBacon1,Garbage
,Not Recommended,227160,19270608,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Diogenes,Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt at a game. The dev's own incompetence and laziness lead to this mess.
,Not Recommended,227160,19169694,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Jondar,"Neat concept, and it could have been good, but it's dead.  Dead, dead, dead.  Don't even bother.  Beyond building ships, there's nothing to this ""game."""
76561198026976953,Not Recommended,227160,19174397,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Tier,"The game was really promising, but it was abandoned almost a year ago (no updates since then) and in current state it has next to no features, unplayable campaign, no multiplayer... :("
76561198070261558,Not Recommended,227160,13725200,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kiekeboe,This game is the reason I don't buy Early Access games anymore...
,Not Recommended,227160,14348575,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Hissen,Most of the positive reviews you see for this game were either posted during early access or come from people who invested lots of time in during development. You are better off getting a game such as Space Engineers.
,Not Recommended,227160,19156322,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,TOG | Egovice,Don't waste your time nor money on this broken 'game'; it's all but been abandoned by the developers in an unfinished state
,Recommended,227160,11188461,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,willSage,"As of now, I cannot personally RECOMMEND that any consumer should buy this game for entertainment. Not in its current early access state. However! I can say that this game is currently moving on rails to success. After you read this review, please buy the game to show the developers some financial and informational support. Now to the actual game itself!Graphical aesthetics are great and match with the atmosphere. The soundtracks are perfect for inducing that soothing yet unsettling feel of colossal space. planets, and that vibrant, atmosphereic scifi feel.Listen to it here.That is a reason that I was seduced into buying the game. As always, its the screenshots or cover of that book that you should not judge yet. As I segwayed further into the game, I was brought along a smooth road to introduction. The tutorial is a large ingame wiki, however I hope remake it into a more clever tutorial system. Well all hate tutorials that makes us feel like we are accomplishing nothing; I think virtually all of them are like that. It is hard not to do so. Skyrim did a good job with their tutorial. It was taught well as you were contributing to the story and felt a sense of accomplishment through it as you gt your first weapons, and always wanted to know who would live or die and what would happen next. I am getting off topic, perhaps I should give my adhd brain a break and finish the review later. . ."
,Not Recommended,227160,16690692,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Night_Rose,"Had promise but no.  Got this in alpha on sale which was smart.  Ship building increadible complex, enought that ALL (actually 99%) my playtime has been trying to build a ship. then I got out of the hanger and holy heck no FPS at all.  For comparison my computer can play final fantasy 14 and battlefield 4 so beyond recommended specs.  So after 5 minutes of being out of the hanger I shelved it.If you want to buy it wait for a sale and pick it up for less than $2.50 otherwise avoid this game like the plague."
,Not Recommended,227160,26417639,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,A.R.S Quiddy,Still has more features than No Man's Sky
,Not Recommended,227160,14289491,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Nightwing,Buy Space Engineers instead.
,Recommended,227160,12380569,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,AndrewRP,"Excellent custom ship builder. Though the sub-systems are a bit tricky to locate. Space is big, open, and empty. Ship to ship combat seems ok, though the trading aspect is a bit confusing. Controls and UI not too terrible, though some further explanation or a tutorial would greatly improve things.Could use a better mission system. Repeatedly saw messages pop up without any way to know where the mission was, or who the target was. Only missions seem to be combat based. Planet based stations would be a nice addition, though maybe I just didn't find any.Overall, this is a fun game, but I don't see myself spending a great deal of time on it as it is."
,Not Recommended,227160,18346504,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,TK,"41% positive? I'd hardly give this game a ""mixed"" review. It would appear that the game never wound up being as awesome as promissed. Doesn't look like much has changed since it was in early access. I don't want to re-install it, and I think I'd like a refund."
,Not Recommended,227160,18241453,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Penji,the trailer had more gameplay
,Recommended,227160,9922578,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,[AJSA] skprog,out of the early access games i have purchased. this one peaks my interest and makes me enjoy its building and space. also when it comes to a strict updating schedule this developer knows what their doing.
76561197993224044,Recommended,227160,9054824,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Cavera,"The game is getting better, but a lot of work ahead..."
76561198016880157,Recommended,227160,9409965,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Riik,"Well you can't get any more sandbox than generated galaxies, ships built module-by-module and a variety of factions that differ from galaxy to galaxy. Kinetic Void has the potential to be a great game.It is still in development, however, and is lacking some important features. Right now, I'd still rather play X3... or even X Rebirth. But that is not to say that game has no future. How will it compare with Star Citizen? Well I think it might be able to top the single-player sandbox experience (given Star Citizen will be an instanced MMO), but the game feels a little arcady at present, and don't get me started on joystick support.I'd recomment this game merely for trying out the ship building and galaxy generation features, but I wouldn't call its gameplay enticing just yet. Give it a few."
76561198048160141,Recommended,227160,10472615,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,mustardpatrol,"As of right now, the content in this game is very limited beyond building your ship. However, there is a huge amount of potential for this to become a great space sandbox."
,Not Recommended,227160,13277714,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,soundlord,I got this game when it was in very early access and building ships was fun and easy. I came back to it today after I forgot about it for 6 months and I had trouble even navigating the buliding screen. Even after I got out to flying I had no idea what to do. I think this game had and still has huge potential but they made it too complicated.
,Not Recommended,227160,20553137,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Liftedplane,"got this dirt cheap, thought it might be worth it after reading the reviews...bottom line, not worth it, to clunky, pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to try to play... overly complicated.want a space game, play elite dangerous... don't spend the money on this ""gem"""
76561198036264806,Recommended,227160,9111460,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,elreydeljamon,"First of all I may say that this game was a great surprise. When you start playing you will get stuck easily. You may think that the game isn´t worth but after playing couple of hours you discover the power of this tool.That incredible capital ships you ve always dreamed of while watching star wars or star trek, now they will become real. Thanks to the 5 sized parts avaliable to combine you are able to design from the smallest fighter to the largest cruiser.Even animation is not fully ended and enviroment needs developing, the experience of building ships is already enjoyable and quite fun.Even being a game in alpha is a necessary game for those who enjoy not only space strategy but also a creative enviroment of fighting with your own ship."
76561198020302382,Not Recommended,227160,9113303,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Eyestalk,"DO NOT buy this awful game while in Alpha (or at all)! Game does not look anything like the screenshots/video. Crashes constantly, pretty much no content. Also, developers are antagonistic with anyone who says anything negative on the forums. Stay away from this turd."
,Recommended,227160,9123582,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,ヒップス.Hips,"ijustspent6hour♥♥♥♥ingaspaceshiptoaccidentlydeleteit out of 10.lots of updates from the maker, engaged community and whatnot"
76561198061795059,Recommended,227160,9443585,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,ForgottenAi,"So, I came into the store one day, and while I was looking through the gaming archives for a new passtime, this popped up. I looked at the reviews, they didn't turn out too bad, so I took an immediate interest due to the pictures and effective wording done by the game developers of how it works, and also because of its' high praise by other players. So I bought, and downloaded it.After starting the game, a series of menus (the game played without much lag at all, it seems to be very effectively coded) that brought me to the ship creation menu. The whole thing was obviously still in development, as is the whole game, so I wasn't fazed. So far, it seems to have a solid menu system, and I love and hope that they try to make a little more sense of the icons, numbers, subsystems and such, because it wasn't all clear as to what they did, or meant, or how they affected the ship.So, after a few minutes of confused silence, I decided to choose one of the pre-made ships, and set off on my journey through space.I had fun. The distances were ridiculous, and the slip-space mechanic was a bit underdeveloped, but hey, it's a still-in-progress. What do you expect?Then I went into the fighting mode, in which I was destroyed in seconds, and had a good laugh at how horrible I was at simulators, and confused as to how exactly the weapons functioned. Once they did fire at the enemies, however, their power was surprisingly underwhelming.I see a lot of promise in this recently-aquired game, though I've barely tapped into its' evidently deep wells of entertainment. I do reccomend this game as it will continue to develop, and the onward march of progress is a brilliant thing to behold."
,Recommended,227160,10468787,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,rush357753,"Note that I barely have gameplay into the game. I originally got the game and spent hours building a ship, definitely going to be a simulation, you have to have housing for crew, where to eat, medic bay, cargo etc. If you build a ship wrong it will float im space with no acceleration or not be able to turn very much. When I first got the game it was an unlimited build, do whatever you want and it was pretty cool to build a monster ship to tear through space. However, last time I tried to play there was an update that gave you a credit limit so small you literally could not build a reasonably operable ship; Leaving out key parts such as the mess hall, medic bay and cargo etc. my updated ship still topped out at about 20 MPH and took literally about a minute and some to turn a 360 (buying only the cheapest parts necessary to fly and still ran out of credits). This has a lot of potential but hopefully that update was fixed. Or there was some feature option added I did not notice."
76561198045222792,Recommended,227160,9916050,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,A Nugget,"One of those games, that you wished for customised ship building fancy layouts, anything you want to your ship.This is the game for you, Worth the money in my opinion :)"
,Recommended,227160,9124625,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Musashi,"I really want to like this game, but I'm still trying to figure out how to play it.  Ship design is neato.  There's subsystems that you assign to various parts, big ol' cannons, etc.  I just figured out how to get the shields into a design.  Finally having created a ship that would launch, I then popped into a very large area where some AI ship called me 'fresh meat.'I blasted away at what I thought was an enemy (after reading the help on the controls) .. brought his shields all the way down, and he didn't even return fire.  I wonder if he was an enemy?  Who knows!Looking forward to more updates, but I shouldn't have bought it yet.Update -- The forums do have a ton of information.  Watching the tutorial videos helped a lot.  There's still a lot of work to do, but I'm changing my vote to a ""Thumbs up if you don't mind betas"""
,Recommended,227160,9997751,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Flukeyluke,"too early in development too say for sure, but this game has good potental"
,Not Recommended,227160,16186772,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,SynthFinderGeneral,"this game is just terrible. Such a good idea, but it's been implemented in such a weird, overly complicated way it renders any aspect of playability as much fun as studying quantum computing with a home economics teacher trying to lead the class. You take something that could be excellent, but then allow these human garbage developers to dump out a partially completed game.I'll be keeping my eye out for the foam-crash-helmet-wearing-ingrades to pretty much destroy the rest of their pitiful career.developers, your game gave me super-cancer-mega-aids"
76561198044950069,Not Recommended,227160,20573154,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,GreenEyes,WASTE
,Not Recommended,227160,20700476,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ReverendRyu,"Picked up this game for full price during Early Access. Had a fair amount of fun building some cool-looking ships. An update made all previous work in te game incompatible with the latest version, so I left for a while, unwilling to repeat the entire building process again. It was barely, barely playable at this stage. I could make a ship, warp in, fly around, and that was it.I cam back after a long absence, and the game has gotten much, much worse. The UI now looks and acts even clunkier than ever, the ship builder has become a visual nightmare of complexity for no resaon, the game itself still has practically nothing to do (if you're lucky, you might pick up a distress call - but good luck trying to do anything about it) ; essentially, it feels and looks totally unfinished in every regard. It's like the Marie Celeste of space sims.So I started looking at the Behind The Scenes posts to see what was going on. Woeful mismanagement by the dev, bad use of funding and coding time, and staff departures have led to this game being, essentially, abandoned. this didnt come as a shock, but it was a severe disappointment - I'd been lauding this game previously, leading some freinds to buy it, and had been excited to see new features myself - only to recieve nothing in return.TL:DR - do not buy this game. Do not support the developer until they can redeem themselves in some way (just being honest doesnt count). Check reviews and forums before buying a game, and for now, don't trust early access titles."
76561198021658679,Not Recommended,227160,20943744,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Noob Van Noob,"unfinished, overambitious kickstarter game.  a shame really"
,Not Recommended,227160,26178700,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,OOM-911,This game had HUGE potential! But sadly it did not survive the problems that occured during it's production and is now basiclly dead.I wouldn't recommend this game.... Which is sad since there isn't another space game like it at the moment...
,Not Recommended,227160,20761974,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Toaster,rubbish.
,Not Recommended,227160,20658225,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Oxycodone,I purchased this with the hope that it would get better with time.It got worse.
76561198027035147,Not Recommended,227160,20709943,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,jcraigpdx,"All the others sum it up. Looks like it'll never be finished. Nothing to do after making a ship. Pointless, don't waste your money."
76561198115232841,Not Recommended,227160,20681211,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,GodTierSiRad,Game is abandoned and left to die in a ditch by the developer.R.I.P.
,Not Recommended,227160,20732184,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Macaronis,I expected this game to pull through... What a pile of Dogcrap. You should be able to get a full refund for this crap.
76561198016113056,Not Recommended,227160,13708480,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DarkInfestor,"Honestly, this game is insanely slow to play, there is no story, overall the game is very boring."
,Not Recommended,227160,13670783,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Loden DarkStar,I like all the ideas of this game but implamentation is a bit rough. If you like me really enjoy building ships then it might be worth a look if your looking for an action packed space simulator you might be better off else where. Like most space games there is a good bit of time sink and like many ambisious indie projects the game feels a bit dated that said the ship building is well done and once you wrap your head around some of its quarks you can set up some prety cool ships.The little punch line Build . Battle . Explore .... I think they got 1 out of 3 so cant give it a thumbs up at least not yet but I could see this game getting much better with future patches. Note this is a an early review ... I like to give a first impression  then add to it if I stick with the game so take it with a grain of salt it is a space game and the more time you put in the more fun you get out ... as a rule.
,Not Recommended,227160,11856312,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,The_Vulcan,I think after 10 years of being on Steam with 50+ games in my list.This might be the first purchase I wish I hadn't made.I may need to give it another try.But at the moment I don't know if I can be bothered.
76561197995127023,Not Recommended,227160,13173728,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ArmoredCarbon,"This game is no where near finished. The UI is clunky, the tutorial is a mess. I still have enough frame rate issues, and sound bugs that I can't even comment on whether or not the flight mechanics are any good.If you want to build space ships and fly around the universe there are a million games better than this one and most of them are probably cheaper. I love space sims but not this one."
76561198085604598,Not Recommended,227160,13860158,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,WittyPeanut,"It's not a game, It's an invesment that you will never get anything back for... Maybe they should have put more work into the game. This is a rubbish game and the devs should be ashamed to leave this as their ""release"". Makes you not want to back Early Access games because they are such a let down they take your money before the games released and then don't stand by their own selling point, It's no less then daylight robbery."
76561198079804627,Not Recommended,227160,18964817,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,D_dog1234,I want my money back...
,Not Recommended,227160,18874961,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Mindtrixx,Bought this game while in early access and it never amounted to anything. A waste of money and time sadly.
,Recommended,227160,6515491,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,DURANDAL-1707,"I LOVE this game.The building phase had me stuck inside for hours, such was the amount of decisions for me to make on size, engines, weapons, modules, cargo capacity, and more.The game is in Alpha, but already gives you the option to build intricate (but perhaps impractical) ships and share them for others to see, or just build a functional beast and fly into the stars and do whatever the hell you want.Now, this game DOES have issues, but it's a goddamn Alpha, so it is excused for most of the issues and annoyances."
76561198054993391,Recommended,227160,7947415,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,schweebong,"If the finished product lives up to it's potential, this could end up being one of the greatest games in history."
76561198031864943,Recommended,227160,8069405,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Delayed Reaction Man,"Looks really promising--the building is deep but not terribly difficult. With polish and the promised features this could be a true masterpiece. At current, it's still great fun for creative types and though the combat (one of the few features of actual spaceflight at current) is very rough around the edges, it seems like it will be polished into a quality sim. I'm really looking forward to every update."
,Not Recommended,227160,8796685,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Blast (AKA LostAmI),"When I first reviewed this game it was mostly positive reviews, somethin in the 80%.I expressed my concerns and my opinions about the game, that it's controls were clumsy and the game play lacking any motivation to move forward.I also expressed my concerns on the base game engine, the overall lack of inovation and the old look and feel of the game.after many months I can safly say that I continue to support my opinions and having seen a dramatic drop in positive review %, and having read many other reviews that most people feel the same."
76561198078375209,Not Recommended,227160,8808236,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Vayra,"Kinetic Void - Great ideas and concept, yet extremely unfinished and Work in Progress.At this point in time KV is very much an early alpha - if it is even that. Consider waiting on a more finished version, unless you are a big fan of custom ship building and have little interest in actually using the ship in question.Even the ship building itself is at this time incomplete. There is only one type of weaponry and many other critical features are still missing. The rate of update/patch progress is extremely slow.From my point of view as a gamer, avoid KV for now, but keep an eye on it. IF, and I stress the word IF, all of the promised features are actually going to get implemented some time in the future, this could turn out to be a very cool space sim. However given the current rate of updates and the state of the game, I expect KV to be a project that will never end with a high likelihood of never getting to the finish line at all."
,Recommended,227160,9417164,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Yukari Yakumo,"This is pretty much the best ship building simulator out there - you can build whatever your processor can handle.On another note, there's also a game aspect, which is evolving with development."
76561198075410293,Recommended,227160,9471447,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Steadholder,"I highly recommend what it will become!This is curently still in early access, so be mindful of that! But in this game you can build your own ship and has trading ship combat. Read the instructions, and things will be a lot easier for you!As of this review it is on sale, and for a great price!"
76561197965261073,Not Recommended,227160,11279749,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Kid Christ,"This is the final game that made me to decide to never buy an alpha version of anything again.  The updates are way too far apart and the changes in each are minimal.  While I find the concept very intriguing, it ends up being primarily a ship builder in my limited experience thus far.  I have floated into the spaceports, some allowing me to dock but then having nothing to actually do once I've done so and others showing the dock protocol but then not actually functioning.  I've flown around for what seems to be hours on end seeing only the 3 or 4 pirate ships that I believe are meant to be part of the tutorial and then nothingness forever.  Basically, I bought this on the idea, but I refuse to waste my money on these types of executions."
76561198094118655,Not Recommended,227160,11827452,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,TreetopFlyer,"""VOID"" is certainly the word i would use to describe this ""game"". There is no legitimate playable content here (not will there ever be). Move along."
,Not Recommended,227160,13161506,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,WESCO,"One of the two games that taught me how business works, to appreciate mean publishers for taking the risks for us, and to fear Early Access."
76561198064206553,Not Recommended,227160,14154427,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SneakyGunz,This game had so much promise. Sadly it will never achieve greatness. Game is unfinished and removed from early access. Shame.Edit: Should be a crime to take more money from consumers for an unfinished game that's abandonded.
76561197962903254,Not Recommended,227160,14715091,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Evil Cinnabun,The tutorial was way too text heavy and I building a ship first without knowing anything about the came didn't make sense. I just quit. Needs to have a better way to pull you in.
,Not Recommended,227160,16906128,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,cpma,"Another example of the dark side of Early Access. The devs more than likely burned out on their own project. We saw a few years of development, they probably saw 4+. They got sick of it is my guess. They've rushed it out as finished to save their sanity. Trouble is they took money for it so I don't feel sorry for them. nobs."
76561198118478899,Not Recommended,227160,16935685,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,mista_x401,If you bought this gamehttps://help.steampowered.com/#HelpWithGameIssue/?appid=227160&issueid=108
76561198012850126,Not Recommended,227160,17500053,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,SignalFire,Never delivered. I bought too early.
76561197978301548,Not Recommended,227160,17551050,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Lord of Eternal Madness,"Anyone who's ever played early access games knows (or should) that this sort of thing is a possibility. Funding is a major problem with small developers, and many either don't plan well the proccess from start to finish ahead of time, things just don't go as expected, or they lose their minds and fall to stressors. Whatever the reason, we'll always end up with abandoned, or so called abandoned games. I've had it happen multiple times. I don't feel angry or regret it in the least. Because without the faith and support, we'd be missing some very nice games. You should wholly expect this when you see 'Early Access' and press that buy button.This particular game? If you're nosy about the awesome ship builder, and it goes on sale, sure, might be worth poking. Just don't expect a game. Else don't waste the money on what's essentially a set of legos that you can only share with screenshots. We can hope that the developers return to this game later with proper funding, but I wouldn't get my hopes up."
76561197992078309,Recommended,227160,11821782,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Darkteku,"OMG yes this game is beautiful even on my laptop i have been really enjoying this game for the past couple of hours and i tell you what this is the kinda game i enjoy Building your own ships the way you want it built without magnets restricting you to on position you can have them rotate a full 360 up down left right and diagonal.If you enjoy building the ships you want to build and explore a vast wide open galaxy buy this game you will not be dissapointed.ive been looking at this game for a while and saw it was on sale for 5 bucks cause i didnt have the 20 and when i did i got something else on my list first kinda wish i got this first lol.this is one of those game you can just build, remake, remaster and put what ever you want and name the ship what ever you want. I have seen people build giant Mechs out of the parts and thats freaking amazing with that kinda of stibuility that this game has i give it a 9 out of 10 because the game guide doesnt give you all the controls or that i have seen and second would be nice to have a dedicated surver to play with your friends and go up against them with your builds"
76561198010272697,Not Recommended,227160,11915818,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Windsmane,I would love to reccomend this game but it wont play on my mac.  it will load and I can hear it scroll over buttons but no graphics and no building.. Makes me sad.. Anyway.. Everything about this game sounds cool and fun to me.. Hopefully those that make it will see fit to fix the problems so that I can enjoy it and revise this review.
76561197992396923,Not Recommended,227160,13337087,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Dihedral,really  ?not !!!!
,Not Recommended,227160,16920977,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,kiseruyoru,"Building my first ship was fun. It had a couple issues, namely that they gave you too many free parts instead of, say, a budget and a store, but it was fun to put a ship together from scratch(ish, it is modular after-all).But you hit launch with every anticipation and you get. . . ugh.X3 and Eve Online, pick solo or MMO and go play, because this? Not worth the time. To be perfectly honest, I warped to an asteroid, started mining, looked around empty space for a few minutes, realized how long mining was going to take, adn then? Then I realized the 'world' was far too empty to have anything to do with, to spend that kind of time waiting, especially without at least a chat-box to pass the time! Seriously, I cannot understand why games that cannot compete with such old predecessors keep getting released. The best game to come out since either of those was S.P.A.Z. . . which isn't exactly the same kind of game really, but it does the job. So, you could buy that instead as well. It isn't so much with the full-immersion 'you are your ship' exploration thing, but it is a solid game."
,Recommended,227160,12113824,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,generalpickleful,So far i like this game but it needs some more content and it crashes lots on my computer.
76561198056599560,Recommended,227160,8166478,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,EternalKeeper44,"Kinetic Void is a stellar example of what many space related games should be.  Mind you while in early access many things are bound to change.  This game has a ship design system very akin to that used in Galactic Civilizations 2 which should be counted as a good thing.  The amount of customization that is offered to players in the design of their ships is a welcome sight as it’s something I have seen lacking in several games with the same feature.  From building the fastest fighter to the most looming dreadnought the experience of testing out different parts and experimenting with style is a great joy.Players are allowed to name their galaxy and select how many sectors and factions exist within, giving them some level of control of the environment that they start off with.  There is plenty of room for expansion in this area of the game’s development as further options in creating the play environment would add to the overall experience.The combat system is decent but could use some work.  While offering a manual mode of firing your ships weapons, there is a means of auto fire via the lock on, and pressing the assigned weapons group number.  In this early build I recommend avoiding the use of the auto fire as my weapons seemed resistant to firing let alone hitting.  However due warning, there does not appear to be any form of aim assist for now, and larger ships will have issues contending with smaller vessels you just cannot seem to hit.  (I am sure that these features will be ironed out in the future)Other than that there really isn’t that much left to do within the game, yet currently you can see the foundations for what have the potential to be engaging and immersive systems.I full heartedly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys building ships from the ground up and actually being able to use them, as well as to anyone who enjoys space simulation games.  For what this game could be twenty dollars is a fair investment into seeing the developers get the chance to finish this game.  Yet to be fair it should be mentioned that in its current state Kinetic Void is arguably worth its asking price, while I love building ships and taking them for a spin there is just not enough to do currently.  With the occasional frame rate issue and bugs, for those on a budget or those who are not willing to drop twenty dollars on an incomplete game I would still recommend getting this game but when it is on sale.  This way you can still support the game, get a great ship builder, and access to what has the potential to be a great game."
,Recommended,227160,9180812,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,BoltAction-AUT,The game has great potential...Just look at the steam workshop what the folks have built.You can create amazing ships like in the sci-fi movies :DAnd when they release the multiplayer it will be my favourite game!
,Recommended,227160,9267642,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Mr.C.,"Kinetic void currently is in Early Access stage, but already shaping up pretty well.Its a freelancer like sandbox game, where you able to build your own ship from different parts, attaching weapons to what ever piece you want, and filling your ship with different internal systems like: shields, reactors, armor, sensors and so on...Ship sizes can range from tiny fighters to a titan like dreadnoughts.The game have beautiful visuals, and as i already noticed, they tend to revisit some of the assets end improve them even more.Kinetic Void getting constant updates, and each getting it closer to completion.Developers are active in discussions and watching for good ideas and suggestions to shape the game.Considering this game is in Early Access stage, you might think that its better to wait a bit and probably will be right, but you definitely should check again later for a potential buy.For more information on the current state of the game you can watch this thread:http://steamcommunity.com/app/227160/discussions/0/828934089568066176/"
,Not Recommended,227160,17595210,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Rogem,Just adding my straw to the pile.This game is just not worth it.
76561198022188740,Not Recommended,227160,13905513,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,jaymus2001,I wanted to like this game. It appealed to me on just about every level. It's just so... not there. It's shown no signs of ever getting to a point where I could actually ENJOY playing it. About the most fun you'll have is making your own ship. After that... it's just awful. The screenshots really oversell it.
,Recommended,227160,4601727,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Black Jesus,"Kinetic Void is a fantastic space exploration game. You can build your ship and you are only limited by your imagination (oh and the part list) but it still gets the job. You build your ship then boom your in the game fly anywhere and you can destroy everything in your path or be nice and cruise around the galaxy. It's YOUR journey, YOU decide."
76561198016780554,Not Recommended,227160,12453093,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Ponos,"Writing this as of D15.c Patch - I find the game to be largely unplayable.The ship building is great, I spent most of my time doing this to start out - Getting the power systems evened out, making sure the amount of ship parts don't lag me to hell, placing weapons, coloring, etc. But once I got in I had no idea that the warnings that it may crash meant that it would crash at least every 10 minutes.This is quite unfortunate, I hope that in future releases they focus on stability a bit more, otherwise the game holds no promise."
,Not Recommended,227160,32578475,Posted: 19 June,all,HOAGIE BOI [SURF GOD],F*cking aweful and abandoned like my parents did to me when I was 2 years old.
76561198074066295,Not Recommended,227160,7976122,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,tsheehan564,This game has a loooooooong way to go. I would keep checking back until you hear some very positive feedback in terms of story and playability.
,Not Recommended,227160,8598499,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Zorgy Cuddles,"It has potencial.But thats all, its same like many other v0.0000814 games these days, authors have great ideas, plans but when it comes to putting into practice... well....We all know that they need some money just to keep lights in the office and also feedback on game features, what players do like and what do not.Long story short, its not even close to playable stage, and game seems to be just stucked in ""minor fix update over 2 months"" and they doesnt do anything what so ever.It may serve as tech demo or some weird ship design app, if you are into those thing.How ever, in any other case totall waste of moneyI dont personally belive that this game will actually even reach alpha stateNicely done"
76561198046644535,Not Recommended,227160,8357830,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,andert1,"Very dissapointed.  Un-intuitive construction system, pitiful combat both in challenge and UI.  Sorry to say it, waited 6 months to buy this, was so excited, now so let down.  Go buy anything else.  Fantastic idea, terrible execution."
76561198021444524,Not Recommended,227160,8367311,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Pustka,way to early to buy this. So far only thing i like about it is the soundtrack.
,Not Recommended,227160,13814900,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Johnny [PL],As said in reviews before - I paid for unfinished game. Never again.
,Recommended,227160,8725163,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Taurean Irony,"Dude... I can't figure out how to move around. I get that you need engines, but moving still seems hard."
76561198016392886,Not Recommended,227160,8715293,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Biggs Darklighter,"Not without merit, but thoroughly mediocre.The good:The ship builder is the primary draw of this game- very versatile, can design whatever manner of ship you wish. The shipbuilder in Kinetic Void is more of a creative endeavour than anything else- unlike Kerbal Space Program, you do not need to worry about engineering constraints, efficiency, or performance very much. Perhaps that is appealing, perhaps not.The matter of taste:Even in campaign mode, the game is very very sandboxy. You are given very little direction, just let out into the galaxy and accosted by radio about missions. Absolute freedom, but absolutely no story or direction.The ugly:This game is utterly lacking in polish. Campaign mode opens up with an interminable tutorial, a series of pop-up text boxes listing what each button does- this is not a good way to present information. The interface looks awful, combat is unexciting. Space is ugly, a starless void with only waypoints as defining features. It is an exciting concept with utterly mediocre execution.TL:DR Buy this if you want to make model ships, or really like sandbox games"
76561197970522809,Not Recommended,227160,8721767,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Alilua,"Controls are horrid and not listed, flying just barely works. Building ships is only fun and that only works half the time. This is the biggest dissapointment I've ever bought on steam. Overall this is a barely functioning tech demo. AI is non-existant, bad broken gameplay, and more bugs ever put into a game. Has been on early access for almost a year now with minimal updates."
,Recommended,227160,8724921,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,KokoBrosas,"Just bought it for the sale.It's an EAG so I'm here to help the developers further the game because I'm excited to see what it will be.I lost my career save after trying to log in the second time.  I clicked on it and the next box didn't give me the option to load.  I clicked on canceled and then it was gone.I wish there was a tutorial for the game, but that's something you can just look for in YouTube.Other than that the game looks promising and I'll do my best to report any bugs."
76561198072555484,Not Recommended,227160,8721548,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,The Angry Viking,"I'm very disappointed by this. Ive only played like 20 mins but i just dont understand it. The in game ""tutorial"" is really unhelpful, does next to nothing to explain how to build and how to actually fly your ship. If you want a GOOD early access space sim, well Kerbal Space Program is the one to get. I'm glad to see the developer actually replying to these reviews but until such time as this game is playable in my eyes, i'm going to stick with other games. Please sort out the confusing gameplay. Ill check up on this in a few weeks or maybe a month and see how it goes then. But until then, i feel like i've just wasted my money on rubbish... :("
76561198023528824,Recommended,227160,9870331,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Dr. Strangelove,potential bomb... the dev's only need to cut the right wires for succes :p
76561198012000006,Not Recommended,227160,19326752,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Foo Fighter,A Regrettable purchase.
76561198109327398,Not Recommended,227160,19536878,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Meo,Bought game before refunds.10/10 would waste $20.00 again.
,Not Recommended,227160,19532916,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Sir Pretzel,It sucks wanted a 3d spaceship game and this failed misserably
76561197984503913,Not Recommended,227160,13127708,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SKINZ,"Avoid as i agree its nice to build ships and take them out into space but then...errr...now what? Theres nothing to do, until they add some sort of content where theres an actual aim to the game i cant recommend it.Overall 5/10"
,Not Recommended,227160,13487210,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Kumiho,Little to no progress in developing the game. It did get space travel correct in one main regard: lots of nothing.
,Not Recommended,227160,8764781,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Burns11,"The only thing I can say about this game is that the name is appropriate, there is certainly a void here.  The game is void of content, void of gameplay, and void of meaningful updates.Maybe in a year or two the game will be ready to buy as an early access product.This game made me put a moratorium on buying an early access product, and I can't help but suggest you do the same right now."
76561198014048917,Not Recommended,227160,9147085,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,TheAceOfSkulls,"This game suffers just as much as it benefits from Early Access. A true Alpha build currently, this has yet to put together gameplay elements in a way that forms a game.I'm loathe to recommend against it though, as the elements I'm seeing are exactly what I want this game to use, and once things come together this could easily be one of the top ""Must Play"" space explorations.If you're willing to invest some time and money to test this, go for it. If you're looking for a good game that's just barely Early Access, try somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,227160,1643589,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Cbird,"UPDATE /// 8-22-14Game as far as construction of ships is far more functional than when I first got the game if not buggy and great strides have been made in this area to make it approachable. However once you get into the game itself the fundimental problems with the game shine through again.Kinetic Void tries to reinvent the space sim wheel by making it square.  Controls are overly complicated for flight and space feels empty. Both of these problems have been solved by games made over a decade ago like Freelancer. Mouse flight needs to be implemented better. Warp gates need to be added to define sections of space. Weapons need to feel more powerful and stand out more. Procedural galaxies need to be dropped and replaced with a designed galaxy unless they can make them interesting which they currently are not. I could go on and on about how this game ignores problems that have been solved by older, better games.My suggestion... save your money. Early Access games either have good bones that need to be fleshed out or they're like Kinetic Void where all they have is a good idea but no idea how to impliment it into a good game.---------------------------------------This game is garbage it's barely even a game at the moment. I wish I could get my money back. :("
76561197996468933,Recommended,227160,11244958,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,ch_molik,When i first bought this game a few months back in early access i didn't think it would be such a change to what it is now and its still in early access!
,Recommended,227160,2060722,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Weavaloid,"This game still needs to get lots of work done but at the moment I think they should focus on this game more, when it comes to building your own ship and controlls. You heard me alright, ""building your own ship"" litterly. I recommend this game because it has really good content but like I said there still needs to be done lots of work! Give this game a try, I spended loads of fun building my own ship!"
76561198039851375,Not Recommended,227160,30722954,Posted: 25 March,all,Paddolphin,Absoulte♥♥♥♥♥♥ doesn't work and abandoned
,Not Recommended,227160,24260350,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Employee_427,"If you google/reasearch this game you will find stories about how the developer is a♥♥♥♥♥♥and m.m.Then if you ignore that. You have a game at your hands which have almost none of the promised features,The gameplay is almost just to build a ship and then just float in space...I am shamed to have this game in my library and please dont be as stupid as me..."
76561198029398866,Recommended,227160,12059587,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Extremecheese,"Very cool concept.  Waiting for future updates to see how many different ships we can build right out of the gate.  Ship controls are kinda janky, and in my opinion, flies much too slow for a game with farming as an option, but still a work in progress, so not jumping to conclusions yet.  Seen some ships people have built and I'll probably play this game nonstop, once its fully completed.    The creation bay is perfect, but some additions to making pieces slightly less adjustable would be nice for a tighter fit.  Sometimes it looks right from one angle, but wrong from another.  Other than that, its way more fun than it should be to mess around with."
,Not Recommended,227160,26242469,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Cane McKeyton,"A game from the early days of Steam Greenlight. For a while it looked like the game had a lot of promise but all of a sudden it just... died. No rhyme or reason, development just froze and never picked up again. It's not the worst game ever in its current state. It's playable but so very incomplete and unpolished and will likely stay that way, forever."
,Not Recommended,227160,12107244,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Rulthariuz,"As of this version, there's not an awful lot to do... I can see great potential, but it's still very much a WIP! I've done a reveiw video on my YouTube channel of this game.http://youtu.be/QKA8ucZSyXw"
76561197972289037,Not Recommended,227160,25038199,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,In Loving Memory of Harambe <3,Scammed lul
76561198038104317,Not Recommended,227160,25372414,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Ronin Weeaboo,"Ship creation was pretty cool. There isn't much in the way of content. I didn't realize it wasn't early access anymore and thought there most be more in the works, guess I was wrong. The game had potential but ends up just being disappointing."
76561198097445993,Not Recommended,227160,25598690,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Space Cow,"Randomly went off early access without even an update, what the hek steam??? I did some reading online, Dev lost his team and money and ""hoping"" to work on it again one day. . . that was a year ago. DON'T BUY!!!!"
76561198113632831,Not Recommended,227160,25631499,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Lord Inquisitor Fanatic808,Don't even wast your time and money on this abandoned shell of a game.
76561198138057196,Recommended,227160,11386471,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,JacobAusman1475,"At an hour in the Shipyard I was struggling. At 2 hours in I was going crazy. At 3 hours in the Shi[yard it all came together. Using tutorials and the in game guide I finally feel I have a firm grasp on the ship building aspect and built a ship I am happy with. At 6 hours I have explored the sector portion of the game. Mining is a hassel and drones are still needing some work. But damn I love watching 500 attack drones swarm an enemy ship destroying it like bees defending the hive. I am still unsure of how to take over sectors and what my faction is actually called. At 10 hours I stopped caring for who is friend and who is foe. I live the Pirate path now destroying anything with an hp bar. Drones still do not return to my ship and they simply dissapear... very frustrating when I wish to do a Mass Warp Drive(MWD). Many abbriviations in the hanger are confusing and I have given up on trying to debriviate them. At 15 hours I still cant figure out most of the game play and there are these updates that I am not really seeing on my game. Certain Screen shots of the Shipyard and what not, that are very refined and look way easier to navigate do not seem available. Also options for subsystems like the new crew option and what not are eluding me. I still love the game and the idea for its future. I cant wait to see how everything pans out because I forsee me playing this game for a significant amount of time."
,Recommended,227160,10074452,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,I Really Like This Image,
76561198036223015,Recommended,227160,7776638,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,McNole,I can't wait for this game to pick up on some of the things that will make it playable such as match target speed and auto targeting. But for now it is fun to watch it progress
,Not Recommended,227160,17687861,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Agent Orange,"I bought this game in early access.  Suffice to say that steam did not allow refunds at the time.I found it hard to ever play this game, and now, seeing it in my library, I read the reviews to find that it might have gotten worse.If history is to look back at why steam's greenlighting system is broken, it must include this game/developer as an example.That said, kudos to the game developer, because it is not easy to make games - certainly even this one.  However, this game is a perfect example of how an indie game can be overhyped (and overpriced), thus racheting up people's expectations.On the back-drop of so many other space games (and even the re-release of some classics) I see no reason to recommend this game.  If anyone does like this game they owe it to the developer and all of steam to explain themselves."
,Not Recommended,227160,24802244,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,LiftedStarfish,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,227160,1208593,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,ComradeWinston,"The ship customization is certainly promising but at the stage of development I played it, I couldn't even figure out how to start a ship's engines without rifling through several videos on YouTube.And quite frankly Star Citizen has made millions of dollars simply by crowd funding, including $100 of my own at this point. So I don't see how this game will ever take off with such a titan on the horrizon of space simulators, especially when it seems this game wont be in a playable state anytime soon.Of course I own a copy of the game now, so whenever it is released I'll muck about with the game at that time and change this review accordingly. But for now, I'd advise you to just go toss your money at Chris Roberts' face because he's awesome and stuff."
76561197970509452,Not Recommended,227160,7902594,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,temporal,"It's a trap! No, I'm not trying to be funny. This ""game"" is not what is pretends to be, It's an utter waste of time. It's not an ""Adventure"", it's a ship designer. That part works, but please do not spend hours wasting time on that, because once you've built your ship you can't really do anything with it. Twenty bucks for that?Maybe you should buy it if only to learn a valuable lesson about Early Access: NO REFUNDS."
76561198020478768,Not Recommended,227160,8684007,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,SenpaiDucas,"Pretty lame, way to hard to control.Space dogfights are nearly impossible."
76561197993340257,Not Recommended,227160,8724917,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Ivan Akookaloft,Was expecting EvE Single player... Left Dispointed
,Recommended,227160,9412834,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,The Man That Saved Courgettes,"At the moment it's pretty much just a ship builder at the moment, but they update it monthlyish which is good.Not anymore, have to play to get a better idea."
,Recommended,227160,8372763,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mr. Fury,This game has a lot of potential.  I can't wait to see the final release.  The ship creation is awesome and the controls are solid.
,Not Recommended,227160,8746549,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,antibrian,"Like playing Eve online, without any gameplay mechanics or multiplayer.  Maybe it will be ready in a few years."
,Not Recommended,227160,20343756,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Rusyn,"tl;dr DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.If I could describe this game, I would. But it's pretty much unplayable, so I'm just going to describe something else.When my dog poops, she likes to turn around and instantly try to eat it. I don't know why, and I try to keep her from doing it. Regardless of whether or not she successfully eats her own poop, she wags her tail with such great enthusiasm and joy that she makes me question my own existence.Bought this a couple years ago when it was ""still in development"". They released zero updates since then, and decided to ""release it"". I'm pretty sure I'd have more fun eating my own poop than playing with this abandonware made by theiving developer. We should sue and get our money back directly.Do not buy this game.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,227160,8736421,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Landhoarder,You can't save your progress yourself. The game does it for you sometimes. Then when you try to load your previous game it won't let you. The shipyard ship assembly should have a back/undo button so you can undo a mistake. Instead you sometimes end up erasing a module that you've spent time on when you selct something to edit and it erases the module connected to it as well. Then when you have  completed your ship and want to take it for a spin you are let out in the middle of nowhere. So you have to warp to get somewhere in order to interact with anything. As you enter warp the ship that you spent time constructing is shaken apart! But not to worry it is reconstituted as you exit warp though you may have difficulty recognizing the mangled mess that is your ship. This game is not ready for release. I wish I could get my money back and especially my time.
76561198038618452,Recommended,227160,8460700,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,sp111kg,"Amazing IdeaI like the idea of this game. Similar to KSP, but yet diffrent.In KV, the first thing i like is the ship class.I think it works off tonnage of the ship, from a fighter to battleship.Right now the game is very simple, but it is still early in development. Things to come from what I read from the DevelopersMissilesLasersCombat Aiand so on.The game already has a wide range of guns and cannons, making for a great mix and match.It has some missions, mostly from what i done, is rescue a allied ship under attack.I recommend this game, but please know its still early in development, so dont be too harsh on it."
76561198065874270,Recommended,227160,8539208,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,giraffasaurus,"Really good game. You can get lost at first or end up flying for a really and not end up seeing anyone around but once you find your way back and fight your way to help someone or just kill or whatever you do, you will feel some sort of acomplishment."
76561197969698130,Not Recommended,227160,8745939,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,martianultra,"After watching my evening fix of star trek enterprise i felt like playing a space game,so i paid my 6 english pounds for this,but, well, erm,i think i will leave this game alone untill its finished."
,Recommended,227160,9415364,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,No Chill Nart,"This game is great if you like space ships, and you are creative, the subsystems go into amazing detail and I am very happy with this purchase."
76561198050475631,Recommended,227160,10147012,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,izanagi00,"i'm not gonna lie... this is still in beta or alpha or whatever, but it can be really fun! The devs clearly are devoted to this game since they are pushing out updates every month and being able to make your own space ship is a very good concept!"
76561198105968255,Not Recommended,227160,11820823,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,UnbrandedLapis,"im Having major problems so far, after i bought the game and downloaded it fully, when i load up i get a black screen no text or anything just the music, any chance ofn a little help?"
,Recommended,227160,11822394,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Mezzy,"(The rating is only for the current version its at itself) 8/10, This game is absolutely fantastic in my eyes, its got alot of bugs and parts wrong with it which is VERY understandable as its in Early Development, a few problems i ran into so far, some Game related the other ME related, firstly the mirroring system still needs abit of work, if you click and object to place and have not placed it just yet, you can turn the mirroring tool on and it works perfectly, but if you place (at the part where you can use the Arrows or loops to move/rotate) If you were to mirror once you've placed, it would go really weird, it wouldnt be mirrored at all, a problem that is most likely me related is, Every time i get in to this one galaxy that i've had created, I'm only in a corvette because after finishing up on that ship i came to realise you can make a BIGGER ship by clicking the number box above the construction menu *Derp* I keep getting swarmed upon spawn and as a noobie, even after figuring out the controls it gets abit hard to fight back which means i obviously either need a BIGGER ship, BETTER ship or just get better at the game haha xD but Oh my god, the Construction mechanics on this game, by far some of the best i've ever seen, i've been looking around for a damn long time for a game where you can have a HUGE Wide Free range of customization to your very own ship and the fact that I heard that hopefully this game would be getting multiplayer somewhile after the base game is complete, I was swooning, showing off your amazingly or Crazily made ships to your friends and facing off in battle just makes me drool! I have so much high hopes for this game and i've only managed to find out when it was on sale, i would of gladly payed the full price! (If and when i had the money xD) but this is a game for all Space Adventurers with a craving of customizing your very own ship to as much detail as the game can generate just for you, a Game i very much look forward to being completed by the development team! (as a wannabe Developer myself) I look up to you people, and i know almost everyone else does, so keep up the good work and to you people reading this, Take a chance, Buy this game and Hopefully you wont be disappointed!!!! Back up these Gorgeous Developers!!! <3"
,Not Recommended,227160,8768577,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,TwobeeGaming,"It's an early access game, therefore this review might change at a later date.If you have troubles with the ship designer, like I had, you fortunately can download awesome designs via Steam Workshop.The real issues start when you enter the game; Loading times are just bad and maneuvering the ship needs to be improved. I really tried, but I couldn't get the hang of it. According to other recommendations this game is really nice, but unfortunately I can not share this experience at this point."
,Not Recommended,227160,9668240,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Aspen_Deer,"Okay, so maybe it's just me being bad at games, but I can't seem to play this game still. I believe that you have to kill enemies to get more money so you can buy more ship parts to make you stronger or get supplies to mine. I'm stuck at the first step. I can't seem to come even close to defeating an enemy ship (usually they come in groups of two or three, so it's essentially impossible). I fire everything that I have, hit the ship so many times, but there health barely drops...and then regenerates. Mine, on the other hand get destroyed very easily.So, I gave up on trying to fight for a while and decided to go exploring...that didn't work out either. I spent like five minutes using warp drive (or whatever the Kinetic Void version is), just to get out of that same starting area. I thought this was going to be easy, but apparently not. All that got me was five minutes away from everything. The only thing on my radar was that starting station. I also can't figure out the map.Chances are, I'm missing something really obvious, but I watched their videos on combat and did everything that they did, but I still fail every fight with the enemy. An in-game tutorial is a must-have for games like this.Once this game is complete, I would love to see it as a rival for the games in the X series, but it has a looooooooooooooong way to go."
76561198076271113,Recommended,227160,9813780,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,WitchDoctor [CQT],"It is rare i write one of these, my time and words are not flung around lightly. This game is incredible fun even in its current state and i can only imagine what the future will hold. Currently it feels like a combination of Starmade and Eve. Starmade in how you build and manage your ships and Eve in how combat flows (But without insanely long buld times and skill trees ((yet???)) ). You can buid everything from tiny fighters to dreadnaughts the size of planets and beyond. Build you ship for looks or to focus your firepower tacticaly and as for guns....the new system gives you LOTS of options. The game has had it's bumps in the form of glitches but the creators actually listen to the community and talk with us to try to figure out whats going on so they can fix it. If i can hope for one thing to come it would be the ability to fly with friends.Update: The game now feels alive, so many ships flying about and reports coming in all the time keeping you up to date makes the game quite exciting now. All i can hope now flying about in space is that the developers really consider adding the ability of multiplayer. Flying about with friends or opening up a public server for massive clashes between player groups would be amazing. I can honestly see if this game gets multiplayer it becoming a cheaper and far easier alternative to EVE for people like me who refuse to pay monthly fees."
,Recommended,227160,455747,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Vulcan,Most polished early release I've ever played.  If the early stages are any indicator of the final product I can hardly wait!
,Recommended,227160,8520848,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,LoneTrumpeteer,Interesting concepts in ship building and customization.
,Not Recommended,227160,8744524,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,ManBullMoose,"Glad i got this during a sale. If i spent the full $20 on it i would be very, very upset."
76561198048347128,Not Recommended,227160,13156890,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Neverdie,I couldn't figure out the story in this one.
,Not Recommended,227160,8755246,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Zetsumei Ikari,"Not sure what they are trying to achieve but the game just ""feels"" wrong, normally during a beta you can get an idea what the game is aiming for, i can't play it for long because the interface and controls are not intuitive.I'm also very concerned about the comment a developer made on a recent post “ it simply is complete when it is” suggesting that they have no plans or targets when developing the game which is asking for failure.I think badlands studios are way too small to deliver on this game at the scale they are proposing."
76561198073031205,Not Recommended,227160,8724070,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Acekj,"I realize that this is a game in development but this is really boring and not even remotely fun...unless you like travelling in space at 75 km/h into ""the universe"".....seriously? 75 km/h? In the universe!?"
76561198006645634,Not Recommended,227160,13660181,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,AlurianNighthawk,Boring
,Recommended,227160,8732347,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Misato Katsuragi,"you spend a loving 2 hours perfecting your ship, giving it a vibrant color scheme to suit the style and how you play(will i be the red pirate with quad guns all down the sides? will i be the ho hum grey mining ship? oh, the choices i have) and set off into the vast abyss that is the last (dare i say, final) frontier. you will see stars and planets and be immersed in a galaxy that is teeming and alive. even at early access this game is fantastic and at the sale price of 12.99, you cannot go wrong.don't get it twisted, this game is not finished. you will be running out of things to do at the current moment, but for me, im happy to just drift through space dictating my logs. that is until some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ side swipes my ship and flies off. then i gotta fill out a space hit and run, and talk to the space cops, and they are always unhappy cause they just came back from a triple space homicide, and they just wanna go drink....to make a long ramble short, buy this game, and enjoy."
,Recommended,227160,10101880,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,KOS_Acka,"This game is in early, early, alpha, I don't recommend buying this game right now, but keep track of it, because it may get better."
,Not Recommended,227160,11153454,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Cloughster,Unfortunatly not enough content is there
76561198063208147,Recommended,227160,9828757,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,baby blood bath,not much to the game yet however if they can get it right with mining and stuff like that then the game will be cool however now theres not much in my opinion to do
,Recommended,227160,9833189,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,NotSafeFor1999,"in a sense, its star trek meets kerbal space program."
76561198070025340,Recommended,227160,9934604,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,survive57,the game is good. if you want this wacth some gamplay first to make sure u are into it. but to say it i have not put that much time in to it. althoe the size of some ships is a selling point.
76561198040886501,Not Recommended,227160,11399171,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Ruthgar,"When I bought this game, it seemed to potentially be a good game.  However after attempting to play it for 30 minutes, I've given up on it for the following reasons.Default guidance of the ship seems to be the mouse, which when you have to use the mouse to utilize/close the windows that show up, can REALLY screw up where you're going.It seems like that depending on your current situation, the default key for many different controls, USE THE SAME KEY BINDzooming in/out.............why does it take several minutes of scrolling the mouse wheel to go from a close up of a single piece of your current ship to the point where you can now see.....*GASP* two pieces of the ship."
76561197971435175,Not Recommended,227160,11519571,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,c.camacho,"After shelving this game for sometime, I tried it again... aparently there has been massive amounts of work done on this game - just a shame I've not been able to see any of it...After struggling through an overly complex ship design process, still no idea why I can only have 1 cargo module despite having plenty of room etc... you then get to launch your ship....... to have it immediatly attacked outside the station - boom dead before even having a chance to manuver or even fire guns (or even work out how to target)after this happened 4 times in a row - using different designs - I have to conclude this *might* be a game if only it were more understandable or at least had some kind of tutorial - other than an excuse of a tutorial which bassically looks like a VERY abridged manual....One day after I've given the author further time to over complicate the game and I have about 60 hours free to read up on it and watch youtube I might even get some use out of this..... you never know...."
76561198076085135,Not Recommended,227160,15226094,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Stechen,"get your wallet, go to a gun store, and buy a shotgun. then go to google and research how to kill yourself via shotgun."
,Recommended,227160,10096226,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,TheToric,"il be blunt. in its current state, this game is meh. only really the combat and the ship builing are near functional, although the ship buildign is pretty mutch done form what i understand. although i enjoy it very mutch, especialy scince the devs really interact with the community, (and i dont mean just through announcements, i mean they actualy comment on near everyones posts.) it is definitly not the best game in the world at this point.HOWEVER, the way the devs see this game in the future, in its completed state or near completed state, is amazing. from what i understand, is like the x series, with 2 big diffrences:1. completely procedural universes.this means that no two saves will be the same. evry time, you will start out with diffrent standigns among factions, in a diffrent star system, possibly under diffrent circumstances, etc. this will make the game, IMO, a completely diffrent expereince, especialy combined with the next and biggest thing on the list.2.BUILD YOUR OWN SHIPS!this is the complete awsoem part of this game. this is what sold it for me. you want to build a star destoyer to fly around in, go ahead! (watch out for lags though! (and the price to get that mutch material!)) enterprise? TIE fighter? BSG viper? a concept you jsut thought up of now? go ahead!in its current state, the shipyard is quite well flushed out. you can place most important modules and fill them with subsystems required for your ship to operate. you can even mount weaposn and use them! (WOHO! RAILGUNS!) unfortunatly, like any alpha game, it has its fair share of bugs, but those are fixed withign days of getting reported.jsut as a disclaimer, i am not a dev, nor am i in any sort of regular contact with them. as sutch, my above predictions are simply how i interpet announcements, state of the game, and other sutch publicly avalible plans. (an maybye a bit of what im hoping for it ;P)"
,Not Recommended,227160,10928863,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Steel Phoenix,"Most tragically non-intuitive game I have ever played.  It took me 30 minutes to figure out how to make my ship move forward, let alone figure out how to fight off enemy star fighters assaulting me from all angles in what I would expect to be relatively friendly space.  I have no idea how to earn additional money, I'm given the option to ""cancel death"" but can't manage to cancel death.  About the only thing I've successfully achieved is warping from one point to another.  This game shouldn't even qualify as early access... it's virtually unplayable."
,Not Recommended,227160,11831014,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,titanzwerg666,"UPDATE 11th of December 2014:So I gave it another try again. Hell how I regret it.Once the galaxy initialization process was at 100% the screen started to flicker.I waited. I waited longer. The game sent my Apple into limbo mode.I had to hard reset the machine. Hopefully I did not lose any data.BE CAUTIOUS!This is the lousiest piece of software I encountered for months, not to say years.I'm going to deinstall it. If there's a chance to wipe it off my library without erasing this review I'll do that, too. If I would be able to click two thumbs down, or even three, I would.Here's my initial comment from August:====For now this feels like pre-alpha software. Fiddling around with the editor is no fun for various reasons. (*)And the download took ages, too. If this would not be early access I'd now like to have my money back.(*)P.S.: I'm running the game in 1280x1024 on a low end Mac. There's an issue detecting clicks on at least all of the editor's top menu line icons: Even though you point at them your clicks don't get recognized properly, despite the icons getting highlighted. Instead there's only a small, let's say 4 pixel tall, detection area at lower icon end where clicks get recognized, even though the actual icons are much taller and clicking that low kinda feels like clicking off icon already.http://steamcommunity.com/app/227160/discussions/11/35220315921355473/"
,Not Recommended,227160,9212355,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Mistor Love | IRP,"Overs say 'It has it all!' But not rely, I think its good but isent worth 15 Pounds good. Theres a little thing thay left out its called a story it gets boring flying around destroying stuff. Sure you can play the other mode when you can get cash and unlock skill points but it isent a story. When theres a story ill be all over it"
,Recommended,227160,9571681,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Hordrik,"Looks good in the future, especially the construction of ships, you can get really creative using countless modules / parts. There are tons of articles in workshop from a quite large community. Interactions with factions are rather simplistic and can interact with them very poorly, long way to go. They claim that new updates will focus on this area, as well as many others. Because it is still in alpha stage there are some bugs that madden, many things to polish, and it lacks some minimum written feedback. But even so you can still have a great time playing. I recommend it but watch the alpha state. Analyze whether it's worth."
76561197968823015,Not Recommended,227160,9965778,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Manganakus,"Well.. currently I have no choice but to let this game aside for awhile.I'd like to play beta, but on this one it is so far to be usable. Key maping do not wotk, indications and elp do not display correctly.Yet it doesn't help to carry on...Inerface is far from being clear or far from bug, and it is hard to get in as everything seems life free.Maybe I'l have a look when it'll be more viable, but I'm realy disappointed."
,Recommended,227160,10467016,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,The Red Panda King,this is a very good game
76561198093703585,Recommended,227160,10465696,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,dgbug3,"Great ship builder game simulator. I think they should sell the project, or something because it's hard to understand the gameplay beyond the ship building. I loved EV nova, and if they made the game like that then it would be amazing!"
76561198072783559,Recommended,227160,16638673,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,EveWake,They capped my engines and my guns not very fun.  Otherwise its fine.  Atleast theres planets still.edit if feel bad disliking since i did enjoy it
,Not Recommended,227160,10882522,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kynrav,"so i was really interested in this game, then i started playing to find out it has horrible controlls, but you can remap most of it.but UI is worst, they throw 4000 buttons at you and even with the tutorial(which is just a guide hidden somewhere in the game) its hard to actually do something. when after about 30 minutes i finnaly got myself a decent♥♥♥♥♥♥and flew outside it took me another 15 minutes to finnaly find the flight controls in the guide(which turns out is outdated).when i finnally got a hang of flying i got a mission to kill some pirates, the game kept bugging me to kill them but they were no where to find.it might become a good game eventually but now its not. glad i bought it on sale cause this would have been a waste of money if i bougt it for the full price"
,Not Recommended,227160,10919006,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,All American Bad Boy,"Controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay mechanics are abstract and confusing, game seems slow paced and boring, not ever sure wtf I'm doing, getting near planets kills you instantly because devs are too lazy to make them anything more than that. Only thing that seems cool is spaceship builder but lets face it SPORE had a better construction system. I really regret paying for this."
76561198066982156,Recommended,227160,7294787,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Captin Pickles,GREAT! Game OK in current state but will be awesome in future updates.
,Recommended,227160,9615736,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,SH4DOW,"I have no idea how to play this game while that is my fault the game doesn't make it easy to learn, sure it is early access and things will change for the better hopefully because it has great potential, at the moment I just keep it installed and check now and then."
,Recommended,227160,9832479,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,|[TFC]| b0om gamdom.com,"Ah, Kinetic Void. What can I say about this beauty? For starters, the ship building is easy to use an monumentally powerful. While I have encountered some games that give you about 20 pieces and 20 spots to put them, Kinetic Void's ship builder truly lets you build whatever you want. If you don't like using the node system to place pieces, there is a freehand mode that lets you put anything anywhere. There are tons of pieces and all are resizable. On the largest setting, the pieces are insanely massive, and the more creative will find many pieces to build full size replicas of some of sci-fi's most famous ships. But this game isn't just space ship builder simulator. It has an incredibly well made space exploration portion. The ships to show their size quite well, as maneuvering a giant capital ship take much longer than a small agile fighter. There are tons of weapons of different damages and types and there are also preset ships for new players to use. In conclusion, Kinetic Void is an absolute masterpiece and I cannot reccomend it more."
,Recommended,227160,9864081,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,IvoMace,"A game with lots of promise. Building your own space ships for hundreds of parts and sizes is very entertaining. While the game play itself is very complex, the fact that this is in development still makes up for that. Waiting for the offical release."
76561198103098133,Recommended,227160,9958030,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,BlastedB1800,Outstanding visual and combat in space!!! I enjoy space simulators or combat in space. Very fun and lets me let loose my childhood or remembering legos or K'nex. Building and making clay-mation videos of certain things with ships . Well made for it's name .
,Recommended,227160,9180877,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,MaxFR68,This game is Awesome !If you like KSP then you will love it !It's like a more military version of it !
76561198035362613,Recommended,227160,11541342,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,drowe1975,"I really enjoy this game, the fact that you can build your ship is something I have waited for long time, keep up the great work.."
,Not Recommended,227160,19759939,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,1337KILLERZ,"11/10 IGN-Best game ever I swearTrump $1,000,000/10-Would give a small loan of a million dollarsSome person 1/1-If this was sent to Africa it would cure everythingSalt & Pepper Prank/Prank-But it's just a prank bro"
,Not Recommended,227160,16855626,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,McTravesty,"BE WARNED!The dev abandoned us and left us with a pretty content sparce game, it seems like they took the money and ran"
,Not Recommended,227160,16553216,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The Paulotron,"I think the devs just gave up. They throw you into an UI with some small help screens and thats it. I ""browsed"" the forums to get a hang for the game and I just gave up. Why should I torture myself to learn a game that is just bad. I played for a bit more than an hour and the game just gave me no way in. No tutorial, no story, no feeling of progression. Just ""Here build your ship and go...how..we don't care...figure it out."""
,Not Recommended,227160,25713421,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Pavalon,They abandoned this? oh noes :(
,Not Recommended,227160,25834297,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Synthetic,i cant believe i paid for this
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,227160,21135719,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,WHOOLEE,Do not buy!Abandoned game.
,Not Recommended,227160,18633687,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,harley9699,"Unfinished, buggy, and abandoned."
76561197977892146,Not Recommended,227160,22633260,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,M6Hurricane,"The tutorial does a pretty bad job of explaining this complicated game. It's entirely text based, very dry, and doesn't even cover everything. I'm not trying to spend 45 minutes reading a text book to figure out how to build a ship... Kerbal Space Program and Space Engineers have fantastic and complicated build systems that take 1/4 of the time to learn that this game does."
76561198001912496,Not Recommended,227160,9829426,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Herodotus,"Long, long way to go on this one. The premise is good and one day it may be realised...but not yet. One thing the developer oes do is listen to the community and continually works on the program. Unfortuantely, it should have stayed in the hangar another 6 months at least.EDIT (July) - With the upcoming July patch the game looks to becoming a game. Up until now there has been nothing enjoyable about KV, my opinion oly, but with this patch the sim/game might finally be closer to a completely playable package than previously. Looking forward to what comes next and as such have rated the game a ""tumbs up"" at this point.EDIT (March 2015) - A concept with much promise in the beginning yet left to fail and die as a ""game"". The 'Build' element was tragic and problematic from the beginning, but all there was to the title. Now, even it has been nerfed. This is NOT a ""game"" but a broken concept. Beware!"
76561198059609208,Not Recommended,227160,16852486,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,LonelyShark,meh
76561198028047970,Recommended,227160,9288915,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Mr. Bunny,"Made a dreadnought, crashed into planet at FTL. Would do again."
,Recommended,227160,793927,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,RolanDecoy,"Basically a 3rd person space flight simulator, but with some very interesting twists. Most notabely the ability to design your own space ship, designs which NPC's are known to use as well, to keep the playing field balanced.Add to that relational status with numerous factions and reasonably large universe (can be set upon creating one) and you have yourself a great arena to test these designs in. Don't have an enemy? Create one by just randomly shooting ships that happen to pass by. You could always go mining or salvaging derelict craft for resources as well.Great graphics and awesome soundtrack, easy to learn controls, but sometimes not so clear on what, though optional, you mission objectives are make this a nice addition to any collection.There are some problems though, crashes, editor that has trouble doing certain things, but nothing really game breaking. And although I'm not much of a multiplayer gamer, I can see some real potential in that latest addition as well.Bare in mind though that this is still an project in development."
76561198027404633,Not Recommended,227160,22233263,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,wewuzkangz,"wow this was a nice waste of money, thanks for nothing"
,Not Recommended,227160,19953371,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Yugi Muto,Don't get cancer
76561198008927497,Not Recommended,227160,26329686,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Goddness-Belldandy,"I got this game 2 mouths after it started and even then I thought the game sucked, people would say it's alpha so why so harse. Well the game went the way I said it would. It sucked when it came out and it still SUCKS. If I could I would get my money back and give the $20 dollars to the homelest at least the mony would do some good, other then pad some jerks pocket.  DON'T BUY THIS GAME, the best part of it is when you uninstall it. At least that works right"
,Not Recommended,227160,26225441,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jabberwookie,"really neat concept, I got this long ago but when I did buy I knew it was hardly finished, came back a few times as it was developing but.... thats it, it never changed much beyond when I got this years ago, abandoned"
,Not Recommended,227160,23905391,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,𝓐𝓵𝓲𝓬𝓮,"I forgot I even had this game. It was abandoned a long time ago though, so don't waste your money on it."
,Not Recommended,227160,14436756,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,[SAS] Nitro Blitzen,Like space engineers only less fun and more complicated with less content an no sense or feel of movement...
,Not Recommended,227160,21060504,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Revolting Slob,cool I bought some more early access abandonware. Hope you overdose from the money I gave you :)
76561197996409864,Recommended,227160,1683555,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Torchfire,"While it has not much content at the moment, the game does regularly receive updates with new material.But even with what it has at the moment, it's still a fun sandbox for spaceship creation and test flying."
,Recommended,227160,3441475,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Atia,"Well, if you've played SPORE (ea) and liked spending hours creating spacecrafts, this might be fun. Not so much to do ingame at moment."
,Recommended,227160,5388560,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,[XI]Fuxtik,"this game is soooo awesome and really worth the money even though it is still in early alpha it is beautiful to the creators i say ""You have done a brilliant job"
,Recommended,227160,7382192,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Bloodtears,"want to build your space ships from start? this game is answar your question. love space journey,exploring stars,kill some foes. This game is RECOMMENED"
76561198045981837,Recommended,227160,7466682,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Natt,"I have not really spent alot of time on Kinetic Void, but the time i have spent was well worth it. It is one of my favourite games on my steam account, and every time a new patch comes out i play the game to see what has been added. I got the game roughly around 11 months ago, it was in very early build and just had a basic build mechanic and a an empty map, so i decided to wait a while. I came back when it was a at D10 and when i aw what had been improved i was amazed. The whole interface was so much better and the options had been implemented fully. I am still getting to grips with whats new as i have not played the earlier patches so i have not eased into the new mechnics, however the gane has come a long way from the start and i recommend it to anyone that thinks they would like this game."
76561198082464527,Recommended,227160,10730222,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Azrael Savage,"I bought this game a number of months ago, and while it's still in the early stages, and sometimes buggy, I completely recommend it to anyone who likes space sims. It's Spore meets X3 in the best way."
,Recommended,227160,11159603,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Zanpop,Ships. Space. Boom.
76561198088625760,Recommended,227160,11515490,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,mastergmoore,"Eh, I wouldn't recommend it. However I wouldn't tell anyone not to. I got it for free, right after Diaspora Shattered Armistice came out. I have checked up on the progress of the game and I am impressed! However I was thrown into an open world where I was overwhelmed and utterly confused. With the updates I could not find any way based off of previous knowledge of the game to actually create my own ship rather than be forced to have a preset one.Pros:1. Total Sandbox2. Never holds your handCons:1. Complicated2. Poor tutorial system"
,Recommended,227160,11775562,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,ShadowWolf,"Will be posting bug report - was unable to change the camera in the ship construction bay - where I was sent even though I had not taken the ""random collection of parts"" option and instead asked for one of the pre-defined ships."
76561198091839395,Recommended,227160,11811312,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,ShittyWizard,I just build ships and never play the full game.10/10
,Recommended,227160,11813723,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Haybale,yes
76561198030375128,Recommended,227160,11815063,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,MrRonyFear,"I wasn't impressed when i first got this game, but now im blown away. So much has been added that i cant even believe! it looked like just a space ship building game but its turning into a full blown space sim, its amazing."
,Recommended,227160,11832250,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Alaris,Just awesome and real space sin right here love it 9/10 cos i have no clue hiw to build ships anymore :D
,Recommended,227160,12015997,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Mars Star,a good game
,Recommended,227160,12072951,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Horvla,I like this game a lot. Hoping for a Multiplayer Mode though :D
,Recommended,227160,12124359,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Col. Jack O'Neill,"Its fun to build the ships, but the gameplay, im not to sure about."
,Recommended,227160,12227657,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,{Team_Iria} xXiHeadphonesXx,"I love this game, still earlier but lots of funa nd if you are a fan of eve then this is for you"
,Recommended,227160,12264412,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Sellywelly,"While I havent played a whole lot of the game, I have been following its development for a while, and things keep getting better and better. Game looks lovely, and it really gets across the vastness of space. Even if space feels a little empty at the moment. :P The ship customization is extensive, and lets you build anything that your mind can think of, be it The Serenity from Firefly, or a huge dong covered in nothing but cannons. Its a blast."
76561198048156841,Recommended,227160,13536618,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,narc91,"I own this game for a really long time, and I have owned it before it even was on steam, and boy is it good.its not easy, its not like you're going to build a rocket and land on the moon int your first ten minutes. No it will take you hours on getting it right. Once you're on the moon, you need even more time to get to the next planet.This is not a bad thing, it actually gives you a challange, and it forces you to really thing about what you're doing and what you want to get done, and how you're going to do it not the fastest way, but the most efficent way.If you like space games, that give you challange, than buy the game. If like the more easy stuff don't buy it. Its looks simpel but its not.9/10 really good game, that will challange you, everytime. ( and little green men, lets not forget about the little green men... that died... alot....)"
,Recommended,227160,13612273,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dysthymaeon,"If you always wanted to build absurdly rediculously obnoxiously sized stupendously huge titan-capital spaceships and/or fly them without getting ur rig rekt then look no further. Better yet, arm your enemies or friends with them and ruin the galaxy."
,Recommended,227160,5025518,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,Bepis Man,I have been captivated by this game ever since I first saw it on greenlight. I would recommend it to nearly everyone.
76561198073548272,Recommended,227160,6729282,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,"Lcpl. ""Lawrence"" Liru","I would recommend this game for most people, but not everyone. I have watched this game grow (and continue to do so) since July 2013 and am pleased by the progress that the developers have made so far, but there is still much work to be done in order to refine Kinetic Void. I would recommend this game to the following types of gamers:-Gamers who enjoy being creative in taking parts and building something of their own, but poses the patience to have to tweak, rework, or even recreate what they make after major patches come out. This game is still early access so it is understandable that these things happen and the patches generally make things easier.-People who enjoy a good RPG type simulation that takes place with ships, factions, and fleets, and can spend hours upon hours of trial and error to find out what works best in this game.-People who have ever played Battlestar Galactica Online: the game has a similar feeling to it and I feel that people who enjoyed that MMO would feel right at home with Kinetic Void outside of the ship creation menu-Peoplewho have played and enjoyed Kerbal Space Program: If you enjoyed the building mechanics in Kerbal, expect to enjoy Kinetic Void-People with a lot of patience in general who can wait for something to blossom to its true potential.I won’t lie, this game still has a lot of bugs (some are actually quite comical) but the Developers have done a good balance of both fixing these bugs as they come up and adding new content to the game, and I hope they continue to do so."
,Recommended,227160,923292,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Catalyst,Keys aren't mapped. Only about 5 buttons make you do anything. Don't buy until it's released.
,Recommended,227160,10679971,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,tedach,Love the direction this game is going. It's my fix of Elite until Elite :)
,Recommended,227160,11302130,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Zur-Thurn,"this game is like a single player verison of EVE, you have factions which go to war with each other, you can do all the stuff in EVE in this game."
76561198007255293,Recommended,227160,11472408,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,jnwright2,"Worth getting just for the amazing ship yard system. It obviously isn't complete yet, and the lack of solid tutorials gives things a steeper than normal learning curve. But I have faith in this dev team to complete the task. They release updates frequently, and keep the community informed on their progress and plans.Seriously though... If you enjoy heavy customization the ship yard and construction system alone makes this game worthwhile. I do find myself hoping that the devs create a few more options in certain categories, but the possibilities are already staggering with 5 part scales and massive assortment of pieces."
76561198060680451,Recommended,227160,10741950,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Comrade Anacaona Xiro,Yes you should invest in this game. As long as Badlands keeps adding updates. I would love to help write a story or quest for these guys. WHat I did not like about the game are the outdated  tutorials. I love this game enough to spend days trying to learn it. Nothing would go perfect in space anyways.
,Recommended,227160,11813911,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,gary busey,"all the customization in the world, one hell of a deal for 5 bucks"
,Recommended,227160,11827648,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,RadioactiveName,This game is complicated but I like it. I havn't played it much but I can tell this is going to be a good game.
76561198129928662,Recommended,227160,11899029,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,GEEK DORK NERD,"If you like spaceship building and designing ex. then Kinetic Void is perfect, build anything from a titan class Avatar from Eve online to a small Hornet fighter from Star Citizen or a Galaxy class from Startrek, think it then build it.However the game crashes alot and having it single player can get repetitive being the only one besides NPCs to shoot at or interact with, still there are few games out there that offer this type of building creation so I'd like to see further development in the future."
,Recommended,227160,7389645,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Bishop,"If you ever played Freelancer or other space simulators, this gives you a chance to be in the creators seat of building your own ships. Its fun and creative good for a creative momment or relaxing to alow your creativeness,  Your in the creators seat for the ship you always wanted in those favorite space simulators."
,Not Recommended,227160,28439692,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,god,I just want more negative reviews for this awful game
,Not Recommended,227160,25213764,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,PROlapsed Ninja,"Broken and abandoned, just like me."
,Not Recommended,227160,21537300,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Princess Azula,Its abandonware now
76561198024457492,Recommended,227160,12862676,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,thomas,awesome game only a tutorial would be nice to have (the controls are quite dificult to understand)
76561198067600253,Recommended,227160,8723891,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Cooolio Jims,I am so confused.....
,Not Recommended,227160,2655600,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Jebus H Cripes,"Wow.This thing is in ALPHA.  Asking people for money for this thing right now is utterly ridiculous.Give it 2 more years of development and it might be in a sale state, but until then, this thing is flat out unfinished.Avoid it for now."
76561198028043855,Not Recommended,227160,13053884,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Peen,"awful, waste of money"
,Not Recommended,227160,7775875,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Warlord,Controls are difficult to do anything.
76561198093765763,Not Recommended,227160,7932938,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Black Teakwood,"Did not find find this game enjoyable. Concept is good, but I cant really see this as being a good game (or at least worth $20) unless the devs make some major changes to it."
,Recommended,227160,8725433,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,timax,I own this game and I have honestly no idea what I'm doing in it. Not even a little.
76561198132777081,Recommended,227160,13079547,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,jamslaugh,"Interesting in the building part, funny to fly. As version 1 came out, many issues have been solved. A particular step forward has come with the integration of progressive missions. There are also the perks, which shape significantly the building part, creating some constraints. Maybe an improvement in the trading part can support more a fictious economy that almost breathes.Unfortunately the newtonian flight is not so well implemented, but there are a bunch of planets to explore.New updates, promised by the dev team (like the possibility to build your own colony on a planet or your personal space station), will increase the immersion in the gameIn substance I would give 7.0 over 10. In my opinion it is worth the price set."
,Recommended,227160,12247393,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Drinkfist,I know the guy who made this game. He told me to write something positive in the review because indie life on steam is rough. So here we go.He is a cool dude.Now buy me Life is Fudal that game looks wierd.
,Recommended,227160,14728800,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Las-pen,"Basically this game is the Space Stage from Spore* combined with Freelancer-typish free universe.*(as in: you browse the internet for cool looking ships other people have made and then download them)You can fly the Ebon Hawk (SW: KOTOR 1 & 2), the SSV Normandy (Mass Effect -trilogy) or the USG Ishimura (Dead Space). Or even a bloody Executor-class Super Star Destroyer from Empire Strikes Back. That alone makes the game worth it, especially on sale. Weird how there aren't yet any decent USS Enterprises out. Or X-Wings.Controls are pretty basic and easy to pick up and the graphics look nice, except the ""Space"" is just a huge colorful cloud, instead of a starry sky."
76561198097690633,Recommended,227160,8033217,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,GoldenSpartan052,This game is sort of like eve but as of right now it is only single player. If you like sandbox games and sci-fi action then this game is for you
,Not Recommended,227160,11770036,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,BorokObomo,"First of all, this review covers the game in its current state (D14.2)When I first started up the game all I got was audio na dno visuals...After looking through forums I found this was common for Macs and has been happening for quite a while...A major bug that should have been fixed ages ago. (the bug can be fixed by going into the display.cfg folder and changing the resolution to your monitor's native resolution and turning off AA)When I first started to design my ship I noticed the graphics could be improved a bit...But overall I enjoyed the ship creation part of the game!After you leave the hanger and launch into space,  the game is rather borring...A lot more could be added (I guess of course I haven't played this part of the game too much)Overall the game sounds fun and is a great idea, but it has a lot to be added and I personally would wait until a later date to buy this game."
,Recommended,227160,12546011,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Gweepo,"With the knowledge that it is an early access game, I am going to hold my tongue, or fingers a little. While I love space sims especially with that sandbox aspect I have a few complaints.I started a career mode game so I could try it out. I hadn't played the game in a few months and wanted to see what was new... Not much was for starters, but that is to be expected, a lot of Early Access games don't have a lot of updates (Except for something like Space Engineers ). I picked the random parts and started building my ship. After 1 and a half hours of fumbling around both because of player error, and because its a little weird... I press launch only to have to put in subsystems. (no I couldn't read the tutorial, the UI freaked out and overlapped the words) Once I figure (sortof) that out, I launch it... The game loads, and within 5 seconds.. not anymore or any less, I was destroyed... So I tried again... and again... Only to end with the same result. Then I go to the main menu, and decide to try and load a 65 part ship from my workshop... It loaded, and a warning popped up saying that I had to many parts and it might crash... 65 parts, and I hadn't even added the big shiny hanger doors and millions of hanger control modules I wanted to.. So I decided to launch it (and after some more subsystem fumbling) got it launched. I fought off the army outside, and then got up to my max speed of 57. In space. In a simulation game. Then I look at the directory, and find out if I press T and turn off a shield thing that stops me I will go faster... So a top speed of 83. Way to go for the USS Gweepo... A new speed Record. Then I point it towards the nearest planet hoping I will be able to use the new mining laser thing I put on to mine stuff off the planet. I watch as the numbers slowly decrease from 202.1 to 202 to 201.9 and so on. After seeing that I did the only sensible thing. Tried to warp towards the planet... Only to warp into it. Ten minutes later I spawn again and warp (correctly luckily) to the planet and try and land on it. Only to die again.Overall, I think this game CAN have potential if the devs iron out the bugs that it has. They (he\she\it, I dunno) seem to be very interested in te steam community so I give them points just for that.. Also, collision, and speed especially when it says that if you press the ""T"" key it activates Newtonian flight, should mean I have a fixed acceleration, up to an infinite speed. Not just a faster speed. Big ships need a boost, the AI needs help, Weapons need balancing, People need a little breathing room at spawn. Along with that comes the good stuff about it. You can (at the risk of crashing) build masive ships that destroy entire fleets (it was fun, until the game engine died) You can also build little fighters that reach 800 (units of speed and distance needed) While it may not be the #1 space sim on my wish list (Limit Theory is so awesome :3 ) It has a fighting chance. I can't wait to see what comes of it!"
76561197993589224,Recommended,227160,7490726,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Draco,This ia nice game even being an Aphla it well done and the Dev's put a lot work in to it. Well worth the pice I paid for it...
,Not Recommended,227160,11810263,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Zed Cola,The Ships Are Too Slow Even With A Hundred Thrusters And Overall Is Boring To Watch!Too laggy to even play or fight. Mining takes ages and when you get to a station in a thousand years you crash. Wish i could refund as this game is unplayable.
76561198011912721,Not Recommended,227160,10441948,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,ExplorerRowan,"I tried playing it on my Mac, because I want to encourage Mac game development, but so far it's basically unplayable. Memory leaks and abysmally low frame rate from the moment I click ""Play"". I'll acknowledge that my Mac isn't the absolute newest thing on the market, but it's nothing to sneeze at, so I'm disappointed that I'm going to have to move the game to my PC just to see what it plays like. Not impressed so far, but maybe the Mac development will improve."
,Recommended,227160,8334801,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Kalioc,Build ships\( ͡°  ͜ᴥ ͡° )/
76561198068608639,Recommended,227160,23886972,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bully056,"I don't know why people dislike this game, so what if it has a slow development cycle: ONE GUY is all who is still working on it due to the fact that the others stepped out on him and he is actively trying to find people who will help and is NOT asking for more money to do so, that alone should get the guy SOME leeway. It's UI is a bit annoying but still useable and it's editor controls are some of the better ones I have seen. This game is NOT ABANDONED no matter what the other reviews would like you to beleave, so if you are hesitating on buying the game due to the negative reviews then I have to say just this: TAKE A CHANCE and just give it a try and in doing so help support the guy making this.Do I recommend this game? Yes, yes I do.Edit: Do not let my hours played fool you, I had issues running this on my old computer when I first got this so I didn't get much time in, now that I have a better computer I plan on putting in many, many more hours,"
76561198082473757,Not Recommended,227160,9827569,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Lcprl Foster,Played it looked at it heard it. all three of these are bad they play is clunky the look of it is poor and last of all the sounds are real anoying all in all not good
,Not Recommended,227160,11815358,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Fenris,"One of the worst space games of the modern era that I've player. Looks like something of 15 years ago. There is many free games that do it better. Bad quality graphics,  absolutly not intuitive at all. Would like my money back."
,Recommended,227160,8751689,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Malleus,Very promising.
76561198069805883,Recommended,227160,8779143,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Eden,"This game here is probably on of my favorite games on steam so far. The editting and detail that when into this game is fantastic. It easy to make a nice ship and easy to grasp, but to make an amazing shp takes skill which is what most creative build games lack these days. I vote yes for this game all the way. Number  favorite game of 2014 so far."
,Recommended,227160,8793550,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,FungusLord,"It is a good game that has a lot of potential (in my personal opinion of course). I had a little trouble getting started but now that i understand how to play I find it to be a wonderful game. I love building ships of any size and shaped however i want them. I would like to see a brief playable training mission or something so that i didnt have to go to control layout to figure out how to control my ship, but besides that I believe the devs are working on everything else i would like to see added to this game. I believe this game can go far."
,Not Recommended,227160,8899306,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,arknova,extremely alpha game needs a lot of work some better controls and ui
,Not Recommended,227160,9583733,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Bertje het Beest,"I Like this game, but u realy cant play it more than an hour, bcuz you are getting crazy when u play it more than 1 hour, that game is a slow-phase game."
12432534566135461,Recommended,227160,10768297,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Swoosh,"This is a very good game for early access. Altough it is not fully completed, I recommend getting this game, espicially if it's on sale, for many features are still to come."
76561198097323835,Not Recommended,227160,18193263,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Desuarez17,sucks
,Not Recommended,227160,10507336,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,robiferentz,"A freaking waste of 10 dollars.I may be an old time gamer, but I'm not THAT old.The controls are atrocious beyond belief. Controlling the ship is slow and cumbersome, controlling weapons is beyond unintuitive towards the outright moronic. I played nearly every space combat game known to man on the PC since Privateer. Even Eve online gives a better 'dogfight' feel than this game.The ship customization is pretty nice, I'll give it that, but that doesnt even come close to compensating the hideous combat. Locking, adding to target group, FIRE! I said FIRE!!!! Fire? Please FIRE already? Pretty please? Boom, I'm dead. Where is the dog fight? Where are the tactics? Where the hell is the weapons fire?"
,Not Recommended,227160,11774353,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Kaidan,"This game is unplayable in its current state. There is no tutorial on the key mechanic (ship building), and nothing but a list of key bindings to help you attempt to figure out what is going on. It's like Eve, but without the smidgen of fun that makes you tolerate the steep learning curve."
76561198081147676,Recommended,227160,8925737,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,StargateOnAxis,Great with workshop
,Recommended,227160,13230570,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,N O M A D,"I would definitely recommend Kinetic Void, however with a warning. The game as it is, is a lot of fun in my opinion. The ship building aspect is very entertaining and allows players to create whatever sort of ship they please, from small one-man fighters to giant hulking cruisers. Once out in space the game can get a little empty. There are missions to do which give you an immediate objective or you can go out and sort of do your own thing. There is mining for resources and diplomacy which allows you to go into a hostile system and hunt enemy ships for bounties. It can get a little old though. In my opinion, more diverse missions should be added as well as an option to select mission based on what kind of playstyle you have (maybe a mission interface at space stations?). This would allow players who want to play as a pirate to do raid missions, miners to do resource gathering, etc... I also think smaller stations should be implemented that do not have shipyards, but rather some sort of other funtions (ie. Smugglers' dens, military instalations, trade centers, etc?).  One more thing I would hope to see is more interaction with friendly faction ships, because as of now, friendlies just sort of drift around space and don't do much. I'd like to see something like, escort missions for friendly factions, or the possibility of hiring wingmen to fly around with you and assist in combat.I think the game is deifitely on the right track, it IS a fun game as is but it still needs some work, I hope a DEV gets the chance to read this review and think about the suggestions I've made. I think implementing  some of them would make the game feel fuller once the fun of ship building wears out or you've run out of ship ideas."
76561198017853115,Recommended,227160,17162702,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Tyrant,"The reports here are crazy. It seemed to me that the community got spoiled from DEV interaction that they expected the world. I haven't played this since it's pre beta phase but what i noticed is this. Not only can you make just about any ship you can imagine but any ship you make will be ingame flown by npc's. So what i did is subscribed to about 300+ player made ships and guess what... some how they are floating around in the game world. You can decide how large/ how many star systems/ factions are in your game at the start, as well as do missions for them. but this seems like if your dream is to not be limited by developer made ships you can fight any number of different space battles.I just wish they added the ability to buy/sell full ships in the store. That way someone who was playing the regular mode without infinite money and parts could save up enough to buy one of the ships on the steam work shop or even a generic basic ship without having to make every detail. That could make the economy more interesting as well."
76561197971843691,Not Recommended,227160,11814882,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,HexCaliber,"Frankly I don’t know where to start, this game is such a mess, the entire thing is awkward and amateurish, easily the worst early access title I have seen, even having bought it at -75% I feel cheated. I know folks want a more detailed review, than “it is crap”, but this junk is simply not worth any more of my time.Simply put, since I started gaming in 1980, this is by far the worst piece of crap I have had the misfortune to stumble upon. My children and their friends produced better for their high school exams.That others can give this a thumbs up beggars belief, perhaps their parents are the ones trying to fob this♥♥♥♥♥♥off on the public."
,Recommended,227160,10412345,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Nox,This is a fun little game with a nice ship building component - get it.
76561198080567560,Not Recommended,227160,11390412,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,SNAKE,"AVERAGE GAME. Very difficult to learn as the You tube videos are out of date and dont match the patch. the game has lots of ideas but everything is slow and i mean very slow. You need someone to explain it all. It has decent graphics, no complaint there but it is really fidley. I am not bashing the game. But I wish it was a bit more self explanitory. Other games are and dont run in this very slow old fasion. These computers i run can definately handle it. When you make more updated how to videos i shall give it a good review. Maybe if someone could explain it better??Now shoved onto full release. stay away nothing has changedThe devs have dumped the game do not buy"
76561198069225695,Recommended,227160,8730600,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Kosuta,"It sort of just throws you into the game, maybe a little tutorial or something would help.I'd also like to add that if you could rotate the parts while designing your spaceship, that'd be great."
76561197976867161,Recommended,227160,8740124,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,A Νōνīτăτīs Ω,"So far i have no Idea what i'm doing in this game, but i got to say that the game looks amazing and the shipyard alone is awsome enough to worth the 7 bucks i paid, the background universe are well made and dynamic, any fan of sci-fi should try this, i think this game has great potential, at least until No Man's Sky will be available."
76561198015675841,Not Recommended,227160,9105887,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,[HZRB] knuckles,crap keeps freezing
76561198085459248,Recommended,227160,9862755,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Hobbit,This game is dericious
,Recommended,227160,12241341,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Soarer,"Even for an early access game Kinetic Void offers solid game play with consitant updates by the developers. I've spent most of the time just building different ships in the game. The amount of detail allowed in customizing the ship can be staggering. You place hull parts and engines, fill those with subsystems that affect the ship in different ways.Currently you can take it out and fly around, shoot other ships or mine. There are also factions in game that you can do missions for that are generated for you as you are out in space. Newtonian physics as an option adds a great layer to the flight. Nothing better than strafing around at high speeds while in a dog fight. At this stage I can whole heartedly recommend this purchase, especially with devs that respond to the community."
,Recommended,227160,14727923,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,TheLordOfDarkness,"good idea for a game but if there was more in it it would be alot better like being able to go on planets, make your own space station, and hidden areas with loot like destroyed ships and stations, and maby more ship peaces, cause there not that good looking."
,Not Recommended,227160,13713171,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,vitalik1700,Interface is too clumsy for me to play.
76561198005404224,Not Recommended,227160,21565108,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Phalnax811,I bought this years ago. I hope I didn't pay too much for it.
76561198022646696,Recommended,227160,22106866,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Taire,I do Recommend you buy this.. Its fun to play and build ships. but you have to know that the game has been abandoned for some time now..but for 20 bucks it worth it.. the Ship building is Really Cool and there are very little restrictions.. plus it has the steam workshop so you can share your crafts with other people.. this game looked like it was going to be amazing but. for whatever reason the Dev's dropped the the project.. hell they dropped their whole Studio.. so idk.. Its mainly just a ship building sim now.. but still fun none the less in my opinion
,Not Recommended,227160,24926609,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TheScienceCube,One word:Atotalpeiceof♥♥♥♥♥hatnevergetsupdatedandisacompletewasteoftimeandmoneyandtherforeshouldnotbeboughtbyyouoryourfriendsunlessyoulikegamesthatareboringtastelessandugly...
,Not Recommended,227160,17526374,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,This game is so good it gave me ovarian cancer and don't even have ovaries.
,Not Recommended,227160,26113725,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,FLOUS3Y,"What a pity, what a great pity. I have always maintaned as a point of pride to have not played a game where it was take the cash and run, i can no longer bare that honor (i still have  a few alphas to go through). Here is Gabe Newell's thought process. Let them make the money, let them run, Let the community finish the game and save face for us. Damn it dosnt this developer have the coconuts to finish what he started? As for the game, this is not the space game your looking for."
,Not Recommended,227160,14411463,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Krog the Mighty,"I got this in early access for very cheap, and it had promise. But I look at it now to find out they marked it as a full release with adding very little to the game. Thankfully I didn't spend much on it, because this is just very disappointing."
76561197971028470,Not Recommended,227160,14410525,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,scoper12,"Entire game seems so convoluted with extended tutorials that don't let you control the menus while the tutorial is up so you can easily forget what to do, building a ship is difficult at best, and  the textures.. good lord I've played games from the early 2000's that have better graphics than this.  I'm very dissapointed in myself for even buying this and I wish I could get a refund."
76561198015858340,Recommended,227160,13538818,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MonkeyCult,"Its....intresting. While the ship building is good actual game play is lacking. I would like to see a more indepth game play along with maby some sort of fleet thing, as of right now the ship you have is the only one you can do anything with."
,Recommended,227160,14784754,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,G4bb3rG0d,Nice interface and massive possibilities for the future.The ship building function is alot of fun allowing you to customise your own ship and take on the galaxy.Can't wait to see what the future holds for Kintetic Void.
76561198033969626,Recommended,227160,13618493,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DavidAllan,Simulation simpasA vos imagination aucune limite
,Not Recommended,227160,28183693,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,andR01d,Early Access scam
,Recommended,227160,9488687,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Plausible Impossibility,"Kinetic Void is a game that allows you to build your own spacecraft from scratch. Very few games do that and less run this smooth. I use a some-what slow and old computer, but KV still runs. With the help of the steam workshop and community, you can upload your ships and load someone else's. You can also make several ships in one world and each world is randomly generated. I've played my fair share of EVE: Online and the knowledge of ships has only improved by playing this game. I look forward to tech trees and other advancements in the campaign."
,Recommended,227160,10823089,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Electro5000,"This game is a sci-fi ,3d ,space simulator where you can build your own ships and battle"
,Recommended,227160,11122910,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Jacktom123,its an amazing and would recommend to any sandbox-loving gamers
,Recommended,227160,10721810,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HerrTom,Fun game. Simple but great idea! I like it
,Recommended,227160,11360938,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,StellarPotato,"This game was one of the reasons I first got Steam. But when I actually got a good play of it all I could do was build a ship and fly around a little. But even then it was entertaining. The ship building process was fun, and the graphics for the universe around you truely made you gaze in awe at the world around you. Its been amazing having this game ever since it was created. I can see good things in the future and every time a new update is released I can feel it getting closer to perfection."
,Not Recommended,227160,25483148,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,drew1938,A personal reminder to not buy early access.
76561198110012916,Recommended,227160,8851678,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,grimrist,"Building Spaceships is funWhich is fortunate, since there's ♥♥♥♥all else you can do in this game."
,Not Recommended,227160,11226929,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Entheogen,"Clunky, complicated, and ZERO point to the campaign.   The interface will have windows pop up in your face and you can't move them...the building system used to be simple, now its a total goddamn complicated mess.  The tutorials provide zero important information.  I think even when this game is done it will be crap."
76561197999849592,Not Recommended,227160,9599898,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Toridan,"As there is yet to be any real in game instruction as to how to do anything (even as simple as accessing your weapons) skip this. Maybe in a year or so it might be worth it, but right now it's frankly embarrassing that this is being sold for money."
76561198123663188,Not Recommended,227160,9465023,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Kemonobito,"Due to the fact it is still in early Early Access, not worth buying YET, has potential and could be a very good game when finished, but don't buy it yet."
,Not Recommended,227160,14019117,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Razor,No.
,Recommended,227160,8722313,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,i_am_aronman,"Ok, I have brought this on a whim awhile ago, one night I was going through games on steam I have bought but not played yet (ones I bought during a sale) I started building the ships and realized how in depth this game could become. This is early access and I was expecting an unfinished game, which it is... but the amount of potential this game has is crazy. That and the fact the developers pay attention to the people suggesting things on their message boards, really makes me happy I bought this now, because every update just makes this game better and i keep waiting for the new one to play it and see all the new things they put into the game. It does have bugs, but surprisingly nothing game breaking for this early in development. Right now i am writing this during a one day sale and suggest you buy it now, you wont regret it, unless this is not your type of game. If you like space games and building games, because the ship building mechanic is really fun by its self, it is probably something you are into."
76561198080527460,Not Recommended,227160,9738629,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,jdroberts43,"I have no clue what I am doing... two hours trying to figure out how to get a ship that would launch... 35 minutes trying to figure out why my guns will not work, one hour just cruiseing in space,looking at all the little floating x's and triangels ....Three and a half hours to figure out this game is not for me."
76561198119680080,Not Recommended,227160,9863799,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,jamie4u200,i honestly still have no idea what the standard objective is. Is it just building and flying in empty space? i found no space ports or stars or planets just empty space and the building is weard its bothersome to figure out the controls and even then i still have no idea what to do.
,Not Recommended,227160,11868302,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,inaneHELLRAISER,One of the most confusing pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. explains nothing and nothing works. please do not waste your money on this broken crap. Fly around and empty game and do nothing....super fun whooo
,Not Recommended,227160,11820723,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,p055ible,"It is not working on my Mac!! It starts full screen and shows black screen. I can hear sounds but am not able to do anything about the graphics. I want my money Back!!! - Just kidding!!! :PFinally got it working by editing the cfg file and running the app directly from the folder. It turns out that first time you run the game on Mac, it starts full screen and stays black with only audio. Please fix this issue. I can provide any more information if you like.Secondly, if anyone can help me with how do I start a game? I click on New and select the attributes, name the galaxy, select Creation/Career mode and click on Start. Nothing happens and if I click again, it asks for Overwrite. Does anyone know about this? It might be a bug, or it might just be my lack of knowledge about the game. I am too lazy to search for it on the forums :PThanks in advance!For now, as the game is not working any good for me, the recommendation is still NO!"
,Not Recommended,227160,13481588,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Coolranch,"I'll tell you hwhat.This game aint right.Glorified ship builder.Game essentially nonexistent.Got it for $5, yet the Buyer's® Remorse™ burns deeply.Do not buy."
76561198111440133,Recommended,227160,8733414,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,-={OBI-WAN-SHINOBI}=-,"Hello, bought this game yesterday trying to leave feedback for the developer .  engines flames disappear when viewing ship from behind at different distances, i have no idea where im at on the map. trying to fly in mouse mode dont think mouse cursor should be moving across the screen. Will update mor in the future. still trying to figure it out. a little confused. Keep up the good work. can't wait to see this game finished out. just kinda aimlessly flying around at the moment. also a cockpit view would be cool.  ship is actually still flying around in background as Im typing this. lol. still have no idea where im at on the map . Thanks"
,Recommended,227160,8792387,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,kawaii gamer ron paul,kinetic void more like just void because it's not a game
76561198024346846,Recommended,227160,8859555,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Bellamy,"Fun ship designer, especially as an EveO fan. Hoping the rest of the gameplay is just as fun.Currently can't launch ships once I've created them though, since the last patch."
,Recommended,227160,9213651,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Laurgo,BUY IT
76561198137132557,Recommended,227160,10170806,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,ZeeZulu,i think badlands studo is a prety cool guy. eh mkaes space sanabox game and dosnt afriad of anyting
76561198072701454,Recommended,227160,10494984,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Pixelburst,Great Graphics but you need a good computer if you want to build a space ship so big it can destroy a planet then go for it
76561198049480647,Recommended,227160,10596589,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ItsFunnyMan,"Needs better ship movement system, better targeting system, builder is still a bit glitchy. needs better UI, needs more objectives."
,Not Recommended,227160,17100604,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,[TSF] Mason (lynnette),"well. took it apon myself to design my cool own ship :Di undock after saving it... then just open space..................................3 hours of jumping around... no players, large quadrants of NPCs, or the such. id expect a little bit of EVE in this but its not.i quite after so long.... and after my internet stoped fluxtuating"
,Recommended,227160,17120000,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Lord Clang,it has a lot of promise and could be made alot better with some planets and caracters to walk in your ship but i had much fun finding my ships and destroying them and makeing bigger ships. 10/10 would play again
76561198035436069,Recommended,227160,10072245,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Buiscy,"This game shows great potential, who knows, it could become something great, the building mechanics are brilliant and the detail is real nice.but the D12 update made me lose some faith in this game, they completely messed it up, infact i will go to say they F@$!ed it up, hard, i have never seen such a mess up, the building menu is almost imposible to navigate, one bad move and you have to restart your entire ship, bug bugs and oh look, more BUGS, and heven forbid, i do not want to see anything passed the building menu. but not the entire update is a mess up, they now have paint styles and even if the menu for ship building is so far gone and messed up, it has this professional look to it and just screams Si:Fi, and the creativity is real good, i can spend hours on it and the part where you finaly fly your ship out of dock and test it, makes you feel like a boss, cause normal, if you are on creative, it owns (a good suggestion when its your first time, play on creative) and having hardpoints that are animmated, and watching them activate, makes me want to just imagin one day having multiplayer and jumping and and being the capital ship of a huge fleet in the middle of a war.even IF they messed up D12 and i losed some faith in this game, it could most likely recover, i just hope they recover before people lose hope for this game entirely,this game is great and i am willing to forgive the game and the devs for the D12 update, (only if they dont mess D13 up like they did with D12) but for a suggestion, wait a little while, or get this when its on sale, dont get it at full price right now, cause this game is sitting on the edge of a deep hole, and if the devs dont get it together and work on the menu, then this game could lose its fans, butanyway i give the game, 6.48/10 steam stamps (thats my rating system: steam stamps)Edit:Now, i would like to say, that, dear Devs, you made D13 one of the best updates.Building Is WAY more responsive plus, with all the new tools that i just found, they allow you to do New things, like the one tool (i forgot its name) allows the player to move one part into another, Allowing for some rather good Ships, myself included. so, i have gained all my hope back thanks to the devs fixing the things that where wrong in D12, and overhauling the entire game with D13, so, if you are reading this, and you have not bought the game, then i would call you crazy to click off the page and not buy it, but before you do buy it (unless you want to show your support) wait till muiltplayer come out.i re-rate this game 8.8/10 steam stamps (like i said before, i rating system)(additional: if you want me to rate a game, PM me)Edit #2 (Final)This game has gone to a whole new level of epic with D14.2 just because of the fact that now i can basicly hover right over a planet, go as about 30 meters from the ground without being blowen up, but there are somethings that could be impermented to make this game better, first off, landing gears, to land on a planet, second, just maybe, add someway of exploring a planet, with a vehicle or running around on the planets. there are alot of things that could be added, but those twos where the first things that came to mind.(if you want the review, read that part the other parts just not this edit)"
76561198030243182,Recommended,227160,11135695,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Carnius,"Not entirely a waste of money.Pros:~ More intricate ship building: Less blocky designs, more artistic designs seem to be possible with this game.~ More customization~ Factions present, hostile and non-hostile.~ Pretty good graphics, and runs very well. (Have not tested FPS with large ship builds yet, will do later.)~ Vast space system.Cons:~ Guide and tutorial needs work. Bigger font size. Different color than the rest of the screen, make it big and bold etc, otherwise players are going to ignore it at first (like I did) and then kick themselves later for ignoring it. It took me 10 minutes to locate the information needed to simply apply Subsystems. If it takes that long for an average player to deduce that, interest will wane quickly.Y'know, honestly... I was going to write a negative review...but while writing this piece I've had a chance to reflect upon the game itself.Right now it IS indeed worth the price. $20.00 USD for a Beta isn't too bad at all, especially given the wealth of content in game, not to mention the very awesome ship builder thing (once you get the hang of it).For anyone thinking of buying this game.... be warned its not your garden variety Minecraft-esque Ship Building game. It takes some thought and a bit of patience to learn how to build a ship, how to make it fly etc etc. Its not easy, but it is rewarding once you've mastered how the game works.Right now I'd give the game a 6/10. Its above average, but I'd like to come back and review it when its out of Early-Access / Beta etc."
76561198028039160,Recommended,227160,11553221,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Thatoneguybunchanumbers,"It makes meh moist.A little hard to get into at first due to how intricate an complicated building a ship can be. Once I sat down and actually started doing things, it got great quick! Love it!"
,Recommended,227160,11708634,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Redneck Texas,Great game
,Recommended,227160,11953082,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,{Legion_Corps}Dark_Legionnaire,such an amazing game cant leave it alone
,Recommended,227160,12085549,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ShadowKnight886,"It is amazing, i would give 5 stars"
,Recommended,227160,11646360,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,brianblankenship,I really like this new idea behind ship construction
,Recommended,227160,5701704,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,SergeSC,Awesome game. Lots of potential and beautiful graphics. Trust the dev team will make of KV one of the best games!
,Recommended,227160,16317452,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,[ ],"I enjoy the game, i just hope the multiplayer expansion comes soon so me and my friends can have space battles or team up to defeat an armada of other players"
,Not Recommended,227160,10421801,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Timbrewolf,"Delivers on all the very worst tedium of a 4X game with almost none of the freedom or wonder.  The generated universes are very featureless and bland.  The combat is a snorefest.  A sad skeleton of a game built backwards from the ceiling down.  There's a neat ship creation system but with nothing compelling for you to do with the ships you create, it's utterly pointless.The only entertainment I can find anyone having with the game thus far is creating ships with the generator and then posting them on the workshop.  Consider the game LEGO with spaceship parts, then.I'm sure this review will get thumbs-downed like nuts from a bunch of apologists who would recommend the game to you on the basis of what it could be and not what it actually is.  Anyone who would recommend this game to their friends based on its current state is a poor friend to have."
76561198079353541,Not Recommended,227160,11775211,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Nex,do not get if using mac you will get a black screen and that is all that you will see
76561197972636156,Not Recommended,227160,13066104,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Kieme(ITA),"Still an early access, pushed out too soon. Avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,227160,10260080,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,C0r3y,Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥plain and sinple don't buy it
76561197994761745,Not Recommended,227160,9946091,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Bacon.熏肉.[DK | Newbee],EARLY ACCESS
76561198042913113,Not Recommended,227160,13162828,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,caidicus,"I wanted to like this game, I even bought it full price, back during early access. I thought it was going to be the space sim for me, but I just haven't been able to like anything about it.That's not to say it's a bad game, it just isn't what I'd call a good game.I don't recommend it for those looking for a great space adventure. If you're looking for immersion, simulation, and a believable universe, you'd do a lot better to save up for Elite Dangerous, X:3 TC/AP, even X-Rebirth is a ton better than this."
76561197978160864,Not Recommended,227160,9416547,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Maverick,"Clumsy design, non-intuitive and and while an inspired thought, is poorly executed. Graphics are sub-par for comparable work, but the game barely qualifies as a flight sim, let alone a game."
76561198056099930,Not Recommended,227160,14564211,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,DemonicRaven117,Just no.
,Not Recommended,227160,10040663,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,LutherTP,NO!
76561198064442364,Not Recommended,227160,9831763,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,UKball,its buggy unstable and buliding is horrible
76561198090025950,Recommended,227160,12315541,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,dgmellin,it is a great game 9/10 i love this game (with the dev build) =)    oh and thx devs dis game is soo good!
,Recommended,227160,15225348,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,☢.:Nuke:.☢,"I remember when i had 1 minute on this game, now by my hours you can tell i love it..."
,Recommended,227160,13744134,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Mihoci 10,A game to try out.It´s going to be probably the best game when the multiplayer comes out.
,Recommended,227160,11903990,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Terratron,The ending to this game is INFINITELY BETTER THAN MASS EFFECT 3.
76561198163989991,Recommended,227160,14800248,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,BritZilla,"im just going to point out that this is an excelant game, sure its buggy and has a few glitches but aslong as you acturley have an imagination this is probubley one of the best space sandbox games ever, i havent expirienst any lag when building incredabley large ships and the loding times are great, i highley recomend this game and i belive it deserves a, at least, 8 out of 10 rating considering the fact its in early acces, so yeah buy it but i dont like the price, little exsesive"
,Recommended,227160,17701468,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Private Pepperoni,"Some say it's bad, I say it's great! It's a fun Space Shooter/Creation/Adventure game that was a big hit to me. I don't understand why you wouldn't like it!"
76561198040124570,Recommended,227160,13770658,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,panz3ru,"This game is not for everybody. If you expect to master it in 2 minutes after starting it you will be dissapointed.Take your time, learn to play the game and you will be rewarded.The  EVE players will feel home in this game."
76561198046419120,Not Recommended,227160,9234401,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Fritos™ Brand Corn Chips,WTF am i doing.  That's my review.  Like literally what the hell is going on in this piece of software.
,Recommended,227160,23632640,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Angus the 34th,"The title explains it all it is just a void, there is nothing to do in this game and all the content in the game is just extremely boring to use, the only thing you can do is build a spaceship and fly around in space... THATS IT!!"
,Recommended,227160,14247844,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kumoa,This is a great game. and very nice looking graphics. With it being in early access it is constantly under development. And is updated often. If you like building ships from parts instead of from scratch block by block this is the game for you. If you want another Space engineers. This is not it. This is a space game. not a building engineering game.Well worth the purchase.
,Not Recommended,227160,24721519,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ecks Theory,Just another early access scam.
76561198047292733,Recommended,227160,13299968,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,axetona,"The Game is awesome. Customization, map size, mining and fights will give you fun for a long time. Hope more is coming!"
,Recommended,227160,24670816,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ninja unicorn,11/10 with the refund thingy was around when i bought this
76561198057433080,Not Recommended,227160,12418695,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,babybigbluebird,A deeply complex game with little help as to how you go about playing. Not reccomended for those who want instant game play.
,Not Recommended,227160,8321871,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Deus Sinistro,I have no idea what i'm doing!
76561198001347769,Recommended,227160,23096504,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Spirit of Lag,Amazing game reminds me a lot of freelancer
,Recommended,227160,24944823,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Prince Solstice,"I know that most people who find this game to be rubbish and crude. It may not be a finished product but for the limited time, money, and people, its a pretty decent game. Sure they don't got stuff like multiplayer and good graphics like most games today do but its not for the everyday casual player. Its for a player who enjoy's playing a game that is simple and creative. I think with a little more support in the community and people who are willing to help develope the game even further. As for now, enjoy the game for what it is."
76561198145775461,Recommended,227160,23216647,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Col. Doc TCNMS Neomenia,I dont know what others have against this game.Its an open world Space game were you have to choose what you are doing. There is no story you can do what ever you want. Fighting Mining Trading Exploring. I have played this game alot and its one of my favorites. So i recommend to try it out.
76561198093339373,Recommended,227160,24549529,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,DR.DOOM,this game is good if you have the time to play it
,Recommended,227160,26125075,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Wulthuz,"This is not as bad as the reviews seem to suggest. It has overt plot, but it is rather fun still. I don't know why. But I just spent abut an hour flying around as a UNSC Frigate  :D"
,Recommended,227160,24248402,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Para,Good Game
,Recommended,227160,30215164,Posted: 27 February,all,Not Robert Lawlers,I can put a rocket on a box.
76561198083098263,Recommended,227160,13072528,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Ryu59,"What a crappy game... Don't you dare buy it. The ship building process is pretty cool, but i can't get the hang of which way the parts go! If there was a way to sell steam games... this would be one of the games that i would sell. DON'T BUY IT."
,Not Recommended,227160,10382706,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,BIGMAN,chujowe
76561198070216824,Not Recommended,227160,12606157,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Dr.StrangeLove,Product has been in development for a 1+years and still not ready. The usual jargon you get from developers who put unfinished products on Stream. I do NOT recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,227160,13045165,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Lord Elbek of Chaol Ghleann,","
76561198037265844,Recommended,227160,12988476,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Spooky Zikky,I don't know anything about this game here is a recommendation.
76561198050335382,Not Recommended,227160,30471763,Posted: 12 March,all,Shal-Ziar,Sadly the game has been abandoned and should be removed. In its current state it is far from finished.
76561197995212722,Not Recommended,227160,9750467,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Sprayer2708,"In the current state of the game it's biggest selling point is the shipyard. Although somewhat limited, I spent most of my game time there. ""Fighting"" is currently only a matter of who has the bigger ship with better shields and weapons since all weapons mounted on turrets are sure to hit. It is amusing however, how easy it is to approach the speed of light with good ol fashioned impulse drives.Yeah, so the game version says 1.xxxx now.... still an unifinished piece of crap. nuff said."
,Not Recommended,227160,18067631,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Ladybloodshed,Its fun making your ship in such detail but that is all the game offers.. gets boring.
,Recommended,227160,3764996,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Fabreeze,"It's in early alpha right now so there isn't much to do but you can make sick spaceships and explore space. Much more to come apparently, but much later as well."
76561198045928614,Not Recommended,227160,16612479,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,nopphong,sorry for my english.The game look promising.But bad programing.With lowest graphic setting it still too slow to play.It need much more optimize.mine laptop is core i3 4Gb ram with ati4350 video card.itcan run skyrim fine but this low graphic game cannot!The minimum spec is fake don't trust it.
76561198027012404,Not Recommended,227160,15998722,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Starglider,No idea what is going on... Expensive bit of nothing.
,Not Recommended,227160,16126439,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,01110111 01100001 01110010,"Yeah, this game was not in the least what I had expected. The controls are pretty difficult, it's incredibly easy to die, and honestly there just doesn't seem to be any real point to anything that you're doing. I have to say that this game was a waste of my time and money. 3/10"
76561198041765957,Not Recommended,227160,16750796,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Good Effect On Target,"Completely disappointed from the game. I was thrown in with little to no guidelines on what I am supposed to do or even how to begin making a ship. Through trial and error I made a new ship, then entered the outer space and... got blown to pieces from 2 enemy fighters almost immediately with pretty much not even having opportunity to retaliate. Made a new ship and again got killed about immediately.Fastest uninstal of a game I have EVER done."
,Not Recommended,227160,16463233,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dr LoneZebra,"While yes its still in Alpha/Beta, what ever.  I would really not recomend it.Cons:- Controls are bad- Not the most user friendly building system- Im not sure if they know the meaning of Optimization...Pros:- Great concept"
,Not Recommended,227160,16269448,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,SuperNerdNathan,Very boring you dont get to do much
76561198036811784,Not Recommended,227160,16070193,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,3boysdad,getting out the hanger (first screen) is potentially fatal to your patience and your keyboard.
,Not Recommended,227160,15842354,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Y23Y,"Amazing tutorial they have. Its off the hook, just down right awesome. Yet when I say this, I really mean that they have nothing even related to a tutorial. Well, good luck learning how to actually play the ♥♥♥♥ing game."
,Not Recommended,227160,18958477,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Dr. Dank,this game is pretty boring. there is no story whatsoever and alll you do is mine and try to build your ship with the overly complex system for placement. the hud makes no sense. waste of 15 dollars
76561198029061243,Not Recommended,227160,18366778,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Xydrius,Get a team together and finish the game.
76561198045864601,Not Recommended,227160,12090356,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Callsign Crim,"Yup still terrible and buggy, controls barely work, your often left auto shooting random targets. still lack of depth in the game play.. after many months I'm giving up on this game. 3/10 and the only reason I give a 3 is because the devs atleast are a part of the community."
,Not Recommended,227160,6668856,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,HER0 01,"EDIT: The game is out of Early Access now. For me, I encounter a game breaking graphical bug (Linux specific) that is unlikely to be fixed. Unfortunately, as I cannot play it, I cannot recommend the game any more. In addition, the gameplay has been changed from what I prefered, with Newtonian-ish physics only present when your shields are down, making it near useless for combat.This game allows the player to build their own ship of any size and design (unless if you don't pick creative mode, in which case you will have to earn your parts), fly it anywhere in a massive procedurally generated galaxy, and interact with other factions along the way. The ultimate in futuristic space simulation.This is an early access game and is currently in an early alpha, with frequent updates."
76561198126891102,Not Recommended,227160,19661835,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ThatGamerGuy67,Was a good game when being developed but has since been abandoned by the devs leaving it unfinished with not much to do besides build and fly ships
,Not Recommended,227160,19738720,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,D U C C,the building is great and fun but evrything is way to compicated and hard to understand
76561198047293948,Not Recommended,227160,9692473,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Dawn's Tear,From What I can see The game has died a silent death. I reviewed this a long time ago and felt it was a great game in the making.But now I must revoke my positive review and state that I have lost all hope that this game will be complete.Hopefully some kind sould will buy the license and finish what was so promising and make this a great game like X-3 AP or from the depths.I hate to do this but I can no longer support as for me the game has been shelved. maybe one day someone will save this game. Till then I salute you KV and good night.
,Not Recommended,227160,20277456,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,RebelSheep,"Even if this game was free, it would still be a waste of moneyVery unfinished sloppy workDONT BUY!!!"
,Not Recommended,227160,20166316,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Simplicio,I got this years ago when it first showed up on early access.I never got another early access game again.
,Not Recommended,227160,10167650,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Entropy_A,"Lackluster and boring gameplay. Had promise. Once again, another ambitious kickstarter project that failed to meet expectations."
,Not Recommended,227160,24406783,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,matoIII789,This game is officially dead the last update was 30.1.2015 and from that time nothing happened. This game should be deleted from store. I was lucky to buy game for half the price but still i want refund. Don´t buy this game the sites of devs are dead and game too.
,Not Recommended,227160,24320076,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Deranged_Santa,Awful
76561198034830957,Not Recommended,227160,24327072,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,JD78,"No, just NO!  Abandoned game.  I am appauled that Steam even has it available for purchase at this point."
,Not Recommended,227160,24306945,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Solid Snake,The game is abandoned.  My play time is there because I wanted the trading cards.  That's it.  Don't buy this game; the developer doesn't even update their website anymore.
76561198087843907,Not Recommended,227160,9494172,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,ashgamer92,scam
76561198030336925,Not Recommended,227160,3991108,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Flashand,DO not under any condition BUY ANY GAME FROM THIS DEV! THEY HAVE BANNED SEVERAL PEOPLE BECUASE THEY ADDED INPUT TO THIER PAGES!
76561198019151896,Not Recommended,227160,22733057,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Gibs the Grey,"game was abandoned years ago, they took our money and ran."
,Not Recommended,227160,22076186,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Taurolyon,"Sadly, this game had good potential as a space sim/combat, but it became nothing more than a ship builder."
,Not Recommended,227160,22004566,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,KickingJoub,"Scam, failure, damn. That's all you need to know."
,Not Recommended,227160,9830071,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,possboss,"Nope, not anymore!"
76561198049967136,Not Recommended,227160,24720573,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,little.punk.911,Do not buy this game. They never finished the game. Such a scam.
,Not Recommended,227160,23045343,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,unknownK,"This game in some ways like me, dropped as a child."
,Not Recommended,227160,11355601,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Jingle Josh,"Empty, glitchy, unloved. This game had potential as many early access do but in the end it all is about passion. Do they care about the game? the answer this time was no. A suggestion if your ship building space sims bone wasn't tickled? Empyrion: galactic survival or Starmade."
,Not Recommended,227160,23077287,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Arkais,Utter garbage.Not worth your time or money.
76561198047463694,Not Recommended,227160,22627226,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,McGillicutti,"The last patch destroyed what I enjoyed about the game.Sadly a friend bought this game last year seeing that I owned it, only to find he can't even complete the first ""mission"" in it.Yest it's abandoned, and Steam shouldn't be selling something that is abandoned by the developer, as that's a complete disrespect of the Steam community, gamers who didn't join steam to buy abandoned Early Access developments.I hope more players let Steam know, and, should Steam not be receptive, contact the Consumer Affairs department of the Attorney General's Office of the State of Washington for it is too easy for Con-Artists to use Steam's Early Access model to bilk players and the gaming community on Steam of money intended to purchase games we mean to enjoy."
,Not Recommended,227160,22616683,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Fylas,"it's a joke that the game is still displayed despite having been abandoned far over a year ago ;_; its buggy, its useless, and your better of with space engineers or something similar, the only positive reviews are mostly over two years old from the early access stage.and if you need one more thing to convince you its junk?THE DEVELOPER WEBSITE NO LONGER EXISTS!!!"
,Not Recommended,227160,22565541,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,STrooper,nope
76561198035006882,Not Recommended,227160,22385478,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Deladin,"DO NOT BUY!Game has not been updated since January of LAST YEAR, that is as of this review, 1 year and 3 months ago.Last developer interaction with the community was a request for a programmer LAST AUGUST. Well apparently he ran out of money and won't man up and clearly state  on the store page that development on the game has stopped and it is now an AS-IS product.The game had premise, it is enoyable for what little it offers, but I can not in good conscience recommend this current indie mentality of not taking responsibility for keeping your PAYING customers informed when the game fails and you have to abandon it.  Games fail all the time, you run our of money, I get that, but be a fricking man and OWN UP TO IT."
,Not Recommended,227160,22475661,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Fox,Game has been abandoned despite what some people say.
76561198013676197,Not Recommended,227160,28685304,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CGWizard,"This Game showed awesome potential of being an awesome replacement for games like Freelancer. however the game was abandoned just a year after development, and no matter the reason, the game was ""released"" but never close to complete. Maybe one day the developers will return to their project and complete it. we can hope, right?"
76561197963623155,Not Recommended,227160,28479925,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,washing machine emulator,Abandon all hope ye who enter early access games!
76561197984936516,Not Recommended,227160,28283543,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Petrus Romanus,"If Steam had an ounce of respect for their customers, they'd be refunding each and every one of their customers that bought games like Kinetic Void and Towns.A lesson in why you shouldn't buy into Greenlight or Early Access."
,Not Recommended,227160,28429107,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Subject Infinite,"A sad indictment against the Early Access system. This game died a long time ago, abandoned by its devs. Worst thing is, it's now listed as out of early access, and has a £15 price tag. This is barely a tech demo, not worth anything above 75p.Games like this are detrimental to other game devs out there as they shake the faith in early access titles - as there certainly are many indie developers who use Early Access correctly."
,Not Recommended,227160,28247335,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,GNUGamer,abandoned game :( #sadPanda
76561198027096424,Not Recommended,227160,10676070,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AllThingsCrazy,"* EditIt's abandoned, incomplete, and just sad. So much potential."
76561198084292141,Not Recommended,227160,11984987,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,WolfintheWheat,"Let's compare my first review to that of my current, shall we? Just about 0% of this game's previous playerbase now still has anything positive to say about this game, so my voice is just a drop in the bucket... But I realized I needed to edit this.- - - - - (Old Review) - - - - -This game is amazing. Hands down the most fun in a space game I've had in a long time.What I like about it is the sheer massiveness of the things you can create and the massiveness of the galaxies you can explore.I've also found out that you can create your own factions, and if you wanted to, delete the starters and make all custom ones that have their own unique ships and all.If you're into space or large-scale wars or both, look into it. It won't disappoint.- - - - - (New Review) - - - - -The game has been dead since January 2015. The developer, ""Badlands Studios,"" is now some stupid game retail store somewhere in the US, owned by ""LumberingTroll"" (aka Sean Pollman) I suppose... But it's been almost a year since last I even looked at this game's page.Let's pray that these developers never live this embarrassment down - no group of coders who took advantage of hopeful fans so disgustingly should ever create games again. They released a massive list of planned features they intended to implement before suddenly (disregarding? ignoring? re-writing?) this list and passing their half-baked - no, too kind - utterly broken and pathetic project of a game as ""complete"" and then abandoning it after two or three further bug-fixing updates. ...which didn't even scratch the surface of what all was wrong with it. They took their money and split. Never in my life have I felt so horribly cheated, and it was only what, $20?I couldn't sit and let my once-positive review sit and be seen by other poor folk... So, here it is, over a year later. If anyone else ever sees this, you be sure and avoid any game that has Sean Pollman or ""LumberingTroll"" and friends listed as developers. You'll thank me later."
,Not Recommended,227160,11878950,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Plastic Legs,Better off burning your money than buying this.
,Not Recommended,227160,13406657,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,The Lysdexic Gentleman,"This was way before, I forgot I even reviewed this, new review on bottom.==================================================================================FIRST REVIEW==================================================================================================I don't have a whole lot of time put in this game but I can say that the game is worth the money.<<WILL UPDATE AS GAME PROGRESSES!!>>Pros:--Customization: Create and command ships of your very making or download one of the many on the workshop and cause havoc. Also if you manipulate the game files you can have your created ships be specific to factions.--Open Ended: Do what you want, when you want. No forced actions.--Beautiful environment.--Balanced Ships (Can't create an ultimate fighter with world destroying guns)--ACTIVE DEV TEAM! these guys are great and are always making updates to the game. They will listen to the community.Cons:--Should've stayed in early access a little longer still a few bugs here and there, but then again what new release game nowadays doesn't?--Kinda empty: for a sci-fi space sim it seems kinda empty.--No tutorial.In all the game has potential to be the best space sim out there but yes it still has some stuff needed.=================================================================================NEW REVIEW=================================================================================================As you can see the game had potential, then the devs took the money and ran (and still has the game up on the market)DO NOT BUY - DEAD GAME"
,Not Recommended,227160,22699371,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,mrcalzon02,"Great Idea, Sadly the Game  and its team have died. this is a Dead Game and needs to be Removed from steam as it and a growing batch like it are Going to slowly stop working for people.just like GSB2 in another year you will be lucky to be able to run it on modern PCs without work. not to mention that the Fruits of the game where never fully implemented. you can make nice look ships with nothing to use them for."
,Not Recommended,227160,30026548,Posted: 18 February,all,Kytayn,"Sadly this game is an incoherent mess. There are things going on, but yikes, this is barely playable, and hard to understand just what you can do.Combat is essentially shooting at a single pixel; and not in a fun way like Elite (remember head-on passes at x% c?).I've had this since Early Access, but there's no there there.  At least I have Space Engineers."
76561198049961486,Not Recommended,227160,31048470,Posted: 9 April,all,Lambchop,Prick dev left this game in an unfinished state. Learned my lesson to not buy pre-released games though.
76561198122932791,Not Recommended,227160,30172981,Posted: 25 February,all,Prince Rahl,"Cannot believe this is still available for purchase, Steam this is shameful."
76561198028675795,Not Recommended,227160,31343609,Posted: 24 April,all,Me5h0k,"Forgotten game, dont buy"
76561198162227154,Not Recommended,227160,21482366,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mr.America,might have been good but the dev took the money and ran. scum bags!
76561197978981761,Not Recommended,227160,15074928,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Kumbassa,"This is what you get when its a ""One Man Show""."
,Not Recommended,227160,33665101,Posted: 19 July,all,Siedras,Totally unfinished
76561198032345390,Not Recommended,227160,33549356,Posted: 14 July,all,Nyet Diem,"Getting better, but a little too late for me. Everything tends to glitch or respond incorrectly."
,Not Recommended,227160,33536347,Posted: 14 July,all,20k,Abandoned
,Not Recommended,227160,33760879,Posted: 24 July,all,ZeroCL,ded
,Not Recommended,227160,33819850,Posted: 26 July,all,NetKiller,Avoid this like the plague. Doesn't feel finished and hasn't been updated in over two years since they came out of early access.
,Not Recommended,227160,33845441,Posted: 27 July,all,Bowmar,It's a crying shame that this game has been left adrift. It could be SUCH an awesome game. I have enjoyed just building ships and kitting them out but that's about all. I'd love to see it done properly...not just because I wasted my money otherwise.
,Not Recommended,227160,33777694,Posted: 24 July,all,R0AHN,"Good lord, I forgot this thing existed. The last time I played I enjoyed the ship-building but everything else was a complicated mess without instruction.Since there have been no updates for over two years, don't bother even looking at this. Maybe someone will necro it eventually... or more likely it will just sit here and rot.This product should be taken down from the store page. There is no reason it should still be up for sale."
,Not Recommended,227160,9932829,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Takuma Danuma,"The game is absolute and utter garbage. This isn't a RELEASED game, it's barely better than when it was in alpha. In fact, I think they entirely skipped beta. (Or at least didn't know what playtesting was.) Thats like a crucial step to making a game, which would a category that this steamer doesn't quite fit it. Don't make the same mistake I did, and end up with the rotten end of the twinkie stinking up your Steam library."
76561198045300258,Not Recommended,227160,33962679,Posted: 1 August,all,Sir_Griffin,"Bought this a long time ago before I knew what early access was... I think it was green light back then.Waste of money, nothing was even playable when I bought it... I was so confused why it was even allowed to be sold.Terrible game."
76561198035502810,Not Recommended,227160,34940653,Posted: 13 September,all,Viktor Kruchev,"Had hope, but was abandoned."
76561198080546477,Not Recommended,227160,34996687,Posted: 16 September,all,Rhyzez,"Unfinished and abandoned game, avoid if you like your money."
,Not Recommended,227160,34973303,Posted: 15 September,all,Ryder17z \ Hexile «Foxy»,It's pretty dead. Was very promising when it came out. For ages we have waited but little-to-nothing was delivered.
,Recommended,227160,24095820,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Alex Blues,"Kinetic VoidBecause Kinetic Void this negated? Because it has no defect ...How can it be ? Because it has EVERYTHING a game aimed at a specific group of players need!However, on Steam big games like this, and suffer penalties INJUSTICE by a public that is mixed and MANY know nothing about the game style!Even when the anger Steam committing these injustices ???Great Game! 1 to 10, note: 8Porque Kinetic Void esta negativado? Porque ele não tem defeito...Como pode ser isso ? Porque ele tem TUDO que um game direcionado a um grupo especifico de players precisa!Porem, no Steam grandes games como esse, sofrem penalidades e INJUSTIÇAS por um publico que é misturado e MUITOS nada sabem sobre o estilo de game!Até quando o Steam ira cometer essas injustiças???Grande Game! de 1 a 10, nota: 8"
,Not Recommended,227160,35228388,Posted: 26 September,all,Tyke Wusky,No. Don't.Seriously do not.
76561198033416503,Not Recommended,227160,11953807,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Vinyl Wookie™,DO NOT BUY!
,Not Recommended,227160,9812818,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,INTPenguin6214,"Liked the idea, when I bought it I had fun trying to figure it out, I heard of some of the updates and it made me think that its only gonna get better.I was wrong, this game was completly abandoned, the game gets old quickly not much to really do I guess...The game had potential, but that never saw the light of day.At least No Man's Sky still gets updates."
76561198038419688,Not Recommended,227160,34745611,Posted: 4 September,all,Fictional Hero,devs gave up. dont buy.
76561198039815558,Not Recommended,227160,34876304,Posted: 10 September,all,Daedraflame,Abandoned.Nothing much else to say..Avoid.
,Not Recommended,227160,13974196,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Silver Sparkle _ (Poni),Been abandoned since 2015 so dont bother with it the space is empty and the game  is boring the ship builder was fun but thats about it sad to see something with so much protental just get left in the dark for the rest of time I rated this possitively in the past but since then its just been left sooooo... yer give this a pass and dont bother purchasing this Void of a game
,Not Recommended,227160,35263278,Posted: 28 September,all,Ship,Yeah just look at the reviews and dont buy it.
,Not Recommended,227160,35362324,Posted: 30 September,all,killazebra,poop bs lego abaandonware game
,Not Recommended,227160,35422019,Posted: 2 October,all,Joshua Levi Renard,Abandoned / Incomplete
76561198019136804,Not Recommended,227160,35269644,Posted: 28 September,all,NuclearNick,Unfinished
,Not Recommended,227160,35253896,Posted: 27 September,all,Terallis,Completely abandoned. Don't waste your money.
