user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,227220,7513278,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,geggis,"I've never played anything quite like Sang-Froid before and I'm sure you haven't either. If you took lumberjacks and werewolves and threw them in a blender with Rainbow Six's careful planning (and executing of said plans), the frenetic and intense last stand dynamics and overwhelming sense of impending doom of the movie Zulu, and a hearty glug of Canadian folklore, you'd be getting close to what Sang-Froid is all about. It's unique, refreshing, clever, thrilling, gorgeous and has a fantastic folk soundtrack to boot. One of my games of the year without a doubt."
76561198005091437,Recommended,227220,12825290,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Mogul,"Overall rating:9.5/10Highly recommended. Among the best games that I have ever played. Must play!""Atmospherically brilliant. Sometimes brutally unforgiving.""About the game (minimal spoilers):You play as either 'Jos' or 'Jacky': Two brothers, fighting to survive the night at their father's old wooden hut on the outskirts of a tiny snow-covered Canadian town. They are drawn together following the unexplained and sudden illness of their sister. She is far too unwell to be moved, and a broken bridge blocks safe travel to medical help and supplies. However, this soon becomes the least of your worries as strange packs of wolves begin appearing every night. You must face the reality that you and a handful of simple traps are all that stand between your sister and the evil that comes every time the moon rises. Plan well, fight bravely, and aim true, as the threat grows with every passing night...Will you survive the night, or will you be ripped apart by tooth and claw and malice?Helpful hints:DON'T save up all your gold.Buy the double barreled musket; buy the ~3.5g axe.Holy weapon bless your melee weapon asap!Save your  fiery hits for engaging enemies with a higher fear factor than yours, then keep smacking them while they are still getting up.Don't put points into ranged skills. Avoid ranged, it's crap.Stay away from walls when attacking.(P.s. Using healing potions ruins the challenge.Jacky (big guy) is way too easy)Pro's and con's: [/u]--Pro's:The setting was so, so enjoyable. This includes the main map layout and design, and the geographical setting as well.The story is great, breaking away slightly from the norm.Loved the survival element. No save-loading!! You either had what it took to live or you got ripped apart.Steep learning curb.Great selection of traps. Each had their own unique function.The melee combat style was difficult but rewarding. You had to learn when to hit, when to dodge, when to use your enraged hits. Don't think that just because you are swinging your axe you're not gonna get a claw to the face >:DThoroughly enjoyed the crunching of snow beneath your feet, and wolves holwing, and ravenous eating noises when consuming baits, and  the whole forrest of evil creatures joining in a chorus of howling when you died. It was beautifully atmospheric, but never annoying.The sound of children singing or people moving around, out of view, during cutscenes or when visiting the village was some nice production quality.The tutorials were informative and effective.The gradual availability of traps as you progressed through the game was useful in not overwhelming the player, and also avoided the use of instant-win tactics, such using mass Fire Walls to funnel enemies towards your swining axe from lvl 1.Some of the voice actors were quite good. Particularly the Mayor, who, also played the voice of the Hermit, too.[/list]--Con's:In order of emphasisAlmost a 10/10. Everything not mentioned was perfect!Those f*****g walls!!!Avoid touching walls during combat, because it glitches the swing timer, making attacking enemies hit twice as fast.Needs more weapon variants, and trinkets!!! Please, for the love of loot!The MONEY!!! There is a steam achievement for having 15 gold saved up. By the end of the game I had 50gold!!! In 1858 50gold was a huge amount of money. If you play efficiently (for me efficiency is the driving force of my gameplay) you soon amass a ridiculous amount of gold.There was NOTHING TO BUY by HALF-WAY through the game.The developers need to add some meaningful item upgrades so that players don't waste their time planning long and hard to efficiently fight the darkness.Why?? are there so many empty slots in the vendors' inventories? That's just deceiving to players, whom think that they should save up.Either fill those up with new items, or REMOVE the empty slots.Why?? Do the Mayor's House and the Church never become accessible? Please add more content.The starting axe (with a holy blessing endowed upon it) will last you until about 16th December.(Keep in mind i was playing the NON-melee guy)That is pretty ridiculous if you ask me.You even get a FREE axe which is effective against all enemy resistance types on 20th December, I thinkso there's no point upgrading if you know what you're doing.Ranged was completely unviable - too few weapon variants - targetting was slow - auto-aim hindered headshots - couldn't shoot enemies already beneath towers.Melee too powerful, even as Jacques WITHOUT melee-oriented skills, and the level 1 axe.[/u]There are a few 'invisible walls' on the map, which you eventually become familar with and learn to avioid, but which cause a lot of frustration when you get stuck. Eg trying to run over a small mound or between trees.Cannot snipe from an overhead path - can only shoot enemies while they are on the same path as you.Few minor bugs, such as the Spike Trap (which requires 3 enemies standing on it in order to trigger) only hitting 2 enemies.That f******g spike trap!! Got me so many times as I ran hordes of enemies over it, DESPITE me being an easy 5 metres outside of it's boundary. Please fix this bug.Every now and then an enemy will drop aggro while you are running away (despite his friends keeping aggro).Sometimes the Will-O-the-Wisps will appear on the other side of the map if you move from where they were when they went underground.Occassionally, an enemy will hit you while they are still on the ground.Jacques (the trap-oriented guy) is usually forced to rely too heavily on melee in order to be money-efficient.Felt that the traps weren't really as useful or permanent as they could have been. For example, the spike trap (pretty expensive really) might have remained after being initially triggered, doing a further 10 damage to the first two enemies to run over it. Maybe an option to reset wolf trap. (I chose Trap Guy, but prefered melee due to traps being less viable).There are some common fantasy themes of good vs evil, as well as some pretty standard tropes such as the helpless female, and theevil guy in power - ie. the Mayor. These are a little overdone, particularly the way the writers make it very obvious whether someone is 'good' or 'bad.' Also, everything is black-or-white in the sense that someone is either a 'good guy' or a 'bad guy.' The writers could have brought in some shades of grey by looking at the human element of the decisions they make (beyond the ridiculous reasons for the priest doing what he did, which seemed unrealistic and nonsensical). Yet, you can't ask for too much from an Indie title.The character modelling was a little poor in places. Particularly Jacques.. and the Mayor's chin :PThe was this blurry white glow on the ground surrounding the player, which looked visually unpleasant.The blanket over Josephine would always jerk suddenly a few inches over her body for a few seconds before her rising off the bed a few seconds afterwards. This was obviously an animation issue, to avoid showing her lower half, but it was low production quality and could have been a more fluid motion.Needed a 'don't show me this message again' feature to initiating a game with unspent skill points, and when you're low on ammo. Clicking it gets really old when you are saving skill points up for reaching level 14.Needed to have a 'save current twilight layout' option, so that if you had to stop playing you didn't have to redo your whole setup.Needed a 'refund skill points' button. Even if one-use only, or costly.[/list]"
,Recommended,227220,167668,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,RadKit,"Really enjoying this unique spin on the tower defense genre.The voice acting and writing is not very good, and the melee combat is unrefined but everything else (visuals, sound, overall story and controls) comes together wonderfully.Spend the daylight deciding what supplies you need, bullets (normal, blessed or silver) buying new weapons or armor or charms or just a lot of beer and whiskey.Lay out tons of traps and zip line towers to foil all the things that howl in the night. Will your preperations and timing be perfectly planned or will you be scrambling to save everyone from the wolves with your quick wits and blessed axe."
,Recommended,227220,10332467,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Tamryu,"Where to begin with this one? It's a fairly unique game that takes things from various genres.During the day - You place traps in an overhead view of the surrounding buildings you're meant to protect. You can go to town and shop for a new gun/axe, buy some potions (beer), and buy ammo. There's also a church that can bless some bullets or your axe for a fee. You may also upgrade your character with skillpoints gained from levels. They range from using your gun better, having more stamina/health to upgrading your traps so they last longer/do more damage. The trap upgrades are generally visual upgrades too.The enemies come in waves and each have their own path and target to the building shown. It even shows you the route they are planning to take to get there. Most damaging traps do not go off on their own. They are not place and forget for the most part. The automated ones generally are meant to slow down the beasts instead of kill outright. Placing a hanging net for instance (with which rocks are on top of) can only be deployed by shooting at it from a distance. To get the enemies to stand under it, however, you can place bait beforehand. They'll stay there and eat it until done...or die from your trap. There's also a spike trap that DOES go off automatically but only if 3 or more creatures are standing on it at the same time. Grouping the monsters together and making sure a lot of them go toward 1 bait/trap can be achieved by using a ""fire wall"" that blocks whatever path you so desire. The enemies that were going to head that way will now go a different route (the path will update as well) to their target building.During the night - You run around in 3rd person with your axe and musket. Before each new wave begins you have about 10 seconds to get into a better positon for the oncoming attack. Later levels this is important because the next area you might have to defend could possibly take you over 30 seconds to get there even if sprinting. Using your axe in melee combat is fairly basic and you can build up ""rage points"" that let you do special attacks. Using the gun, however, is difficult because this is the early 19th century. These guns are slow and take quite a while to reload....and you have 1 shot. The only way you'll be able to reload in combat is if the enemies are very far away or you have a greater fear factor than they do. Enemies grouped together (even weak ones) will not fear you (despite how manly you look). Alone, however, they will hesitate to attack you and the game shows you how long before the next attack. They also are afraid of bonfires (which you can place during the day) that you can light to give you a boost in fear temporarily. Then you fight through each wave until you're finished and it begins again the next in-game day. Failing a night will happen if some monsters end up destorying a building. It might sound simple, but in actual practice a fair amount of thought will go into your planning stage each day and then everything must work out as you hoped during the night...Beyond that, the story and the music's alright, nothing to write home about. Certainly could have been improved but it did the trick. Voice acting is okay too. Not great, but it's decent enough. The graphics fit the bill as well, but no more. The art style and UI was great and stylized though. The only other complaints I have about the game is that it's just not as polished as I would have liked. It's an indie game and they did great work, but preformance was just...all over the place for me. It never ran very well. That and sometimes the steam achievements didn't work. This is a known issue, but no fix for it. People are still talking about in the community hub forums.To wrap this up - Amazing game with great premise and I really hope they're going to make a 2nd game. This is supposedly  ""Tome 1"" so I hope there's more....especially with that ending. If they can learn from this game and improve upon it in the slightest I will be right there waiting to give them my money."
,Recommended,227220,2672241,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Bhardiel,"""During the winter of 1858 something happened in lower Canada, near Wolvesvale.No one truly remembers what happened, but rumor has it that the DEVIL came to town......and that two lumberjacks hunted down his minions every night.They were, the OCARROLL BROTHERS!With solid PLANNING during the day...and cold EXECUTION at night......they became FEARLESS!""That's how the devs summarized the game in its trailer, and there's really not much to add to it. One of the best games I've ever played, worth every penny. Only downside I could think of is the lack of local and/or online co-op, though the devs were thinking of it for a possible sequel...This game is a great mix strategy, action, rpg and tower defense genres where you take the role of the O'carroll brothers, who are being besieged by Devil's minions, which are composed of all kind of wolves, werewolves and other mythical creatures.To protect each other and their cabin, they will have to plan during the day the strategy to follow at night, using their sister's foretelling powers to determine the number, type, wave and initial spawn point of the enemies that will attack during the night.With that information you will have to set up the traps for them, and even go to town to buy guns and items. But one must be wise spending their money and/or action points in doing so.Night starts as a tower defense game where you have to avoid enemies from destroying your buildings, though you can(and must) take direct action and activate some traps manually, or kill the enemies which haven't fell on them; since the game also features wind, which can render useless all your setup if you are detected when least expected.As for the rpg part, game features a complete set of skills to customize and develop your style by improving your character and traps in the way that fits you better.Have to say that game can be very, very punishing with poor planning and/or execution and stealth. It's actually quite challenging since you will have to set up your traps, then memorize the enemies, waves and spawn points in order to pull it off correctly and quickly under pressure and against the clock(not an actual timer, though the game is quite fast paced)...Last but not least, game's atmosphere and music are really sublime."
,Recommended,227220,8916552,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,AlphaDiode ©,"A refreshing take on tower defense strategy with with a supernatural theme. Nice musical scoring, sound effects and a decent albeit simplistic storyline makes it more believable and immersive. It's quite addictive once you get into it. It's kinda short but I think has some decent replay value as the game's many traps, weapon types, magical artifacts and terrain based tactics provide for alot of flexibility and different approaches to progressing through the levels. There is also of course a fairly typical multi-branch skill tree that lets you develop your style however you want.You basically plan your strategy and setup your traps during the day and then execute it at night, the object being to survive and make it to the next night, which progressively gets more difficult. There are many areas of the map that need defending, so careful planning, timing and execution are essential. And the devs of course left the ending wide open for a sequel which I can say I'm looking forward to. Definitely worth picking up on sale."
,Recommended,227220,7761291,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,CryonicSuspension,"Strategic planning by day ( similar to Orcs Must Die 1 ). Intense, guerrilla, Werewolf combat, like the movie Underworld (2003) by night. The game is a must-buy, if you are looking for innovation. I love the music and art direction."
76561197991567851,Recommended,227220,13975862,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Fixxed,"This game is a gift to all gamers... It is a masterpiece. I believe its price and constant promos are evidence that you cannot price something so unique.Tower defense. Action. Strategy and RPG. All in 1 game but masterfully intertwined.You basicly gota defend your farm against werewolves and other creatures alike.You have a planning phase where you can place a whole array of traps and interesting devices.Before this phase you have an RPG phase where you can buy pots and better weps and armor. Why?Because you have an action phase after the strategy part, where you get to hack n slash and shoot everything that does or doesnt get caught in the traps you've set.Basicly if you wana go straight to action (action) you can spec and gear (rpg) and ignore the trap setting (strategy) part.Seriously the gameplay is really fun. The difficulty progression is really well made and the story is quite entertaining aswell.I just cant wait for a sequel and i definetly recommend this work of art to anyone anyone that enjoys a good game. May it be action or rpg or strategy. this game has it all in a amazingly crafted mechanic and wrapped in a beautiful story and graphics.PS the music is as unique as the whole concept of the game and fits really well."
76561197971628333,Recommended,227220,29054441,Posted: 6 January,all,Modranto,"An enticing fusion of tower defense and 3rd person action RPG subgenres.Summary:The unification of these two genres has shown to elevate both of them. No longer are you viewing strategy purely as an observer who can blame failure on poor NPC AI. Similarly, slamming your axe into wave after wave of enemies becomes a more elegant, finessed activity when you have a plan to follow. This is Sang-Froid's strongest element. Its unusual setting in an unspecified part of lower Canada in December of 1858 is a delight. Its lively soundtrack is wonderful as well. Unfortunately, the storytelling aspects bear hallmarks of a low budget project.Edit:The developers have generously made this game free as of February 2017! This is the real deal as the product has not been updated or changed in any way.Full review:It is immensely satisfying to experience a plan coming together successfully in each of the 20 missions in this game. Initiating each stage brings you to an overhead map showing all the adversaries you will face and what their target is. It is then your job to choose where to place traps that are selected from a steadily growing list of options. Some trigger on their own when enemies are nearby but most require you to activate or aim them. Resources are limited so you'll need to try to find the most efficient combinations. Varying enemy types, each with specific resistances and weaknesses means that you can't get too comfortable by relying on just a few favorite trap types.Mission progression is smooth with something unique happening in nearly all of them. Sometimes you are given access to a new trap, other times the map is expanded with a new area to defend and still other times you must complete an action dictated by the story. I found the difficulty to be spot on. You are given the option of playing as one of two brothers but both play more similarly to one another than the game leads you to believe. Jos is bigger and slower than his brother but has a larger health pool. He is considered the Normal difficulty character while his brother, Jack, is labeled Hard. I played as Jos and then tried out the first several levels as Jack. At a glance, the skill tree that you fill out as you level up appeared to be the same for both brothers.Descending from your cloud top view into the chaos of combat you shift gears to a fast and focused style of action. You often find yourself moving from trap to trap to trigger them as attackers arrive. You'll also need to plug gaps in your trap defenses by meeting the beasts head on. When it comes down to it, combat is quite simple. You can perform a basic three-hit combo, execute an occasional power attack or fire your rifle at them. Your musket reloads slowly, so it's really only feasible to do so in between groups of foes. You'll hardly notice the simplicity though for how big a part traps play. There is also a fear mechanic that can cause opponents to pause before attacking you, making it easier to deal with packs.Money is gained by killing enemies and can be conserved by choosing less expensive traps. The town of Wolvesvale has several shops that you can visit in-between missions. There you can buy a range of items from new axes and guns to consumables and accessories with useful effects like increasing your Stamina pool. Retrying stages is easy with the option to either restart from scratch or keep your current trap layout if you think you'll only need to make a tweak or two.Players who regularly game on PC will find the controls intuitive and easy to pick up. There are a few minor quirks in controlling actions that don't feel smooth like switching to your gun immediately after swinging your axe. There is also an odd delay between when you stop sprinting and when you can start sprinting again, even if your Stamina is not depleted. It's worth noting that this game loads slowly, even on a solid state drive. The longest loading screen by far is when you first launch the game and that has the game's most memorable tune playing to keep you distracted.Cutscenes mostly play out in a live theater-like style. The backdrops don't fill up the entire screen and characters enter from the left and right to talk to each other. While the writing and voice acting are not very good, this setup can give it a strangely charming, cheesy stage show feel to it. There is some purposeful comedy present but at times I had a hard time discerning what was so-bad-it's-funny dialogue and what was intentional humor. The plot is a tale of mysticism and werewolves that isn't particularly memorable, though it does set a effective mood for the action. Depending on which brother you choose there are differences in the dialogue but the overall plot remains the same.I love the setting of this game. It is the snowy winter in a fictional southern Canadian logging town with a stated population of around 400. The types of people you'll meet there seem fitting for this remote lifestyle. This place is represented by an art style that gets the atmosphere right even if it lacks detail, polish and modern polygon counts. Its weaknesses aren't offensively bad but it does benefit from the dark lighting of nighttime play. Great ambient sound and music from French-Canadian composers further elevate the atmosphere of the game and also help to keep your attention off of any rough edges the visuals have.A closing note that I find interesting: Sang-Froid translates in French to literally ""cold blood"". In regular use it means ""coolness and composure, especially in trying circumstances"". That's a fitting descriptor for these two very capable brothers that find themselves in spectacular circumstances, under siege and with no one to call for help."
,Recommended,227220,12933381,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,The McLovinMuffin,"(warning my spelling and grammer sucks, read at your own risk)This game was an amazing experience, and well worth 15 dollars. I usually don't write reviews, and when i do, it means i was extremely satasfied. It has a nice plot, 2 brothers protecting their sister from an army sent by the devil, Fun! The story is really good. The mechanics are good, has its kinks but nothing bad enough to mention. This game proves to be a challange too, Every night you have to defend multible buildings from multible waves of enemies. I can not stress this out enough, YOU WILL NEVER BE OP, 80% of the enemies in this game are much MUCH stronger then you and can kick your♥♥♥♥♥ To stay alive you need to play smart, never just rush into a fight, sure you could swing your axe blindly at the enemy, but it will only be good for about five swings, then you will be lucky to hit anything, and while you are sitting there  trying to get your stamina back the horde of monsters will be beating up on you, unless of coarse your fear factor is high enough, but you will learn about all that in game. I will now put down the pros and consPros:1. Great story line2. Great soundtrack3. Beutiful artwork4. Forces you to come up with a top notch stradegy for each night5. Its a breath of fresh air from the norm of todays stradegy and action games.6. Some other stuff, its almost midnight as i type this im tired ;-;Cons:1. Heavily influenced by christianity, im a christian and i enjoy this but i understand that there are gonna be some people who dont want to play a game dealing with a religion that they dont follow.2. At times a few of the enemies will keep spamming their fastest attack and you will not be able to land a hit on them, but dont let that stop you, you can always shoot them right? :D3. Also dealing in religion, if you are christian and you are easily bothered by anything dealing with the devil, you may want to avoid this game because the devil is a character that appears alot throughout the story. Though just keep in mind you are fighting an army of warewolfs and other beasts controlled by him :DHopefully this review is enough to convince some people to buy this game, if you do here is a word of warning, take your time when preparing for the nights because if your stradegy is off by just a tiny bit, everything could possibly go HORRIBLY WRONG, but you will have a chance to fix things while hell is breaking loose :D happy hunting everyone."
76561198041020327,Recommended,227220,31726078,Posted: 13 May,all,Jaduggar,"It's an absolutely fantastic game, with some of the worst voice acting I've ever seen.The gameplay is immersive, the mechanics are solid, and the combat is fun. Putting aside the cringeworthy dialogue, the only thing that holds it back is the short length, overall. Running through darkened forests, fighting packs of wolves in the snow, planning your strategies, setting up traps, and ziplining around frozen rivers trying to outwit hungry monsters... it is all performed very well, I just wish there was MORE of it....There are no expansions or DLC, no freeplay mode, and not much in the way of replay value. Once you've beaten it, going back to beat it again doesn't offer much, and you can finish it in an afternoon. So, you'll get about one day's worth of fun out of this, but it'll be a VERY fun day. Also, we are rather unlikely to see a sequel any time soon, or so it seemed until just recently...The devs made the odd (and probably purely financial) decision to use a very unpopular, low-budget, engine to develop this game, and when the engine stopped being officially supported they abandoned the sequel to work on other projects. They had originally said that they wanted this to be the first installment in a trilogy of games following the three protagonists, but when it became clear that they would have to remake it from the ground up in a new engine, they made a weird space based low-physics game, instead.HOWEVER, with that game now completed, and this game suddenly being moved to ""free"", I am crossing my fingers and hoping that the intention is to drum up some interest in the game so that they can dive back into it again. That would certainly make my day..."
,Recommended,227220,26177401,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Sweep,"Sang-Froid - Tales of Werevolvesis a cute, atmospheric indie tower-defense game set in 19th century Canada, involving a stand against occult forces unleashed upon a family of two brothers and a sister. It has a nice visual style, interesting (yet simple) story and quite the content for the buck. With a solid arsenal of unlockable traps and weapons, as well as skills to build, the game offers a pleasant and intellectually stimulating experience.With various possible approaches to the missions chapters the game has a bit of something both for players who prefer fighting and those who prefer tactics. Yet, it seems that Sang-Froid is not as rewarding for players who carefully plan out their defenses as it should be, because with careful placement of traps and minimum involvement in combat, I was constantly out of money and struggled to get the best equipment in the first half of the game. Only after few chapters, did I discover that I could just buy potions and kill enemies, thus saving money for the equipment. And that's a shame, because I would rather be rewarded for playing smart instead of casual. This aspect of the game is also illustrated by the fact that the character gains experience both for succeeding and failing the missions, which allows to unlock new skills either way, thus becoming stronger. It means that you can just grind through stat boosts, save money for better weapons and almost forget about trap placement in the first part of the game.All in AllSang-Froid - Tales of Werewolvesis a very nice Indie tower-defense Game!10/10 From MeSweep"
76561198066799702,Recommended,227220,8470246,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Khytomer,"Sang-froid's gameplay is phenomenal: The pre-battle trap-setting is immensely satisfying and rewards strategic thinking, which is further intensified by a fantastic skill-tree! If you do a good job before battle, you won't have to rely too much on the combat, which is mostly tedious (although the fear-factor system is genius). There are other issues with the gamee, for example the linear weapon upgrades, which ipso facto limits you to buy a new weapon mid and end-game at the most. Also, the story-telling might disagree with some people, personally I think it went well with the general late 19th century-mystic-goldrush-werewolves-dark woods atmosphere (brilliant!).I seriously hope the devs have planned another game of the sort, I wouldn't even mind a sequel. Thanks for a great game and bonne chance pour le suivant!"
76561198025060430,Recommended,227220,14221061,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Jim Carrey,"Sang-Froid Tales of Werewolves is a game that is tough but fair. Artifice Studio did a great job of makeing a game that challenges, but never to the point where I wanted to give up. Each defeat filled me with the desire to rush back to the planning mode to ajust my strategy. But I am getting ahead of myself.The Game takes place near a small town in the Candian wilderness in The late 1800's, and features an enjoyable Traditional Candian Folk sountrack. This combinded with details like diffrent Alcoholic beverages that each have a blurb describing their historic usage, and provides buffs in battle, the two main charicters being lumberjacks, and the small town that you vist to purchase supplies work in concert to create the feeling that you are playing through a genuine Canadian Folk tale. This is only slightly hamperd by the sub par voice acting, (my biggest gripe with the game) and the somewhat outlandish traps that you gain access to later in the game.Gameplay consistes of two main segments. The first is a planning mode which allows you to spend your money and time units to purchase goods at the afformenioned town, and build traps to help fend off wolves. The second involves fighting the wolves useing the traps you have set up in the first mode along with your musket and axe. The former is where the real meat of the game is, as planning ways to deal with the hoards of wolves with your traps is imperative to surviving the night. It is also where the game really shines, all of the traps and items are useful and fun to use, and the game requires you to be clever with their placement. On top of this the devlopers also did a great job of easing the player into the game by slowly increasing the size of the map, adding aditional objectives to defend, and giveing you access to more traps.Overall I genuinely enjoyed my expericence with Sang-Froid Tales of Werewolves and recomend it higly if you are a fan of stratagy games."
76561198026771751,Recommended,227220,10476812,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,DJ_WITCHDOCTOR,"Easily one of the best and most unique games I've have ever encountered.+Well crafted role-playing elements+Best skill tree I've seen in years+Amazing sound track+Immense freedom with strategy+Complete new genre-Worst voice acting in a game I've ever heard (And I like the english VA in S.T.A.L.K.E.R)-Terrible story. Just skip it. Like, wow.I first saw this game years ago and thought it was focusing its efforts too much on being some try-hard, weird niche game.  I was wrong.Sang-Froid creates a whole new genre with a sophisticated collaboration of roleplaying, strategy and action.The roleplaying allows an insane amount of viability, permitting lumbering melee protagonists or lurking hunters to excel from the well crafted skill tree. Every node you spec into drastically changes the way you can handle situations and the impact of the specs are prominent; unlike most games with skill trees.  Your attack animations change, poisnous bait releases a green gas, and you end up planning your strategies around ever possible advantage you can think of.The surprising amount of strategy lets even the simplest of minds feel like a tactile god as they create their own routes, plans and ambushes which will synergize with the player's chosen skills. There's tons of choices to be made and you never feel like you can blame the game for your bad planning, since there’s  an unlimited number of ways to handle scenarios. Do you race the werewolf to the farm and take him one-on-one? Prepare a bonfire there premptivley to create distance between the two of you for the perfect silver bullet head shot. Maybe trap him first to weaken him, or lure him with bait into a hanging net or send him on a 5 minute detour around the map due to fire walls. Your strongest weapon in Sang-Froid is your creativity.The most heart racing moments are when your plans are coming together perfectly and you're desperately hiding, covering your scent and watching from the shadows as an Elder Werewolf crosses in front of you. You'll feel an immense feeling of supremacy as he passes you, yet incredible fragility as a single step would reveal yourself to the werewolf and risk the entire fruition of the meticiulous planning. Do you use your scarce silver bullets to take on the werewolf? Do you fight him and try to lure him to the hanging net and release it while he chases you? Do you activate your last bonfire to ward off the monster and aim your last silver bullet as he circles you, waiting for the perfect opprotunity to strike?  Then there is when things don't go according to plan. This is the other exciting part of the Sang-Froid: When you need to improvise, which will happen a lot. Panic and werewolves running rampent and it's up to you to make split second decisions on dozens of variables. Wolves are coming for the hen house, yet this Wendigo needs to be watched for the cannon shot. Perhaps using the wind to carry my scent I can buy the hen house more time, but I have to do it without alerting other werewolves and taking them off their set path.There're just too many mechanics in this game, all simple, but work seemlessly with one another, creating one of the most fresh and exciting games I've ever played.I bought this game on a 90% off steam sale on a whim, but I'd gladly pay the $15 realizing the polish and work of absolute passion put into this game.Also, you WILL fall in love with fiddle music after this game.~A sequal with a custom level creator and co-op (with the two brothers) would easily perfect the longevity and creativity of the game.~"
76561198034979373,Recommended,227220,15403664,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Bacon Abomination,"At the price point of $15 going on $2.99, I wasn't sure what to expect. But what I found was a pleasant surprise.This game is charming in an actual way. It appears small but it feels like the people who put this all together made this with a lot of love.I can see the budget went towards the gameplay sections. This shows when you start to actually play and see what you can do, from the planning of where your traps go, to the AI actually reacting to your pathing, it feels like a giant strategy toybox. This point can be emphasized even after you have placed things like the ziplines, barrels and fire walls as you can zoom in and physically see their placement on the map. This game has so many neat little parts that geuinely add to the overall feel of being this trapper in the northern woods of 19th century Canada.I really wish the game was a little more polished. The overall performance given to you in the voice over work is basic, which is a double edged sword of quality. Some characters, I felt like they should have had a different tone or lines better delivered. It sort of felt like a lot of stuff got moved at the last minute. It was strange but I can give an example. The young chief of the indians seemed to have an older voice than his wise counselor and it also felt like the voice of the two main characters had been swapped around. I felt like Jos should have had his voice actor reversed for his brother but that is just my opinion.Never once during combat did I feel the tension ease up and I always had my guard up. When I was playing, I had a moment where I was desperately clicking my right mouse button to load my rifle, so I could just maybe get one more shot off before the werewolves break through my first line of defense. I actually felt a slight bit of stress in that moment, and if you've successfully made me feel stress in a game, you've sold me.The tutorials are nice, fully voice acted and overall the presentation is really good for what it is. I know I haven't sold all the points of the game, but one last thing I feel I should mention is the music.Now when the music is playing, it feels appropriate. Tense. It sets the mood and even the menu music adds. The menu used as your planning display has this one tune in particular that makes me feel like I was playing Dark Cloud 2 back in the day. It really makes me relax and soak in the atmosphere.There is a lot of things I want to say that I can't accurately describe, it's sort of this odd sense of nostalgia that washes over me but it's wholly unique in its own right. The game is well designed, it makes me feel the effort put into it and while despite my Voice Acting complaint, it holds its own as a game. I really recommend it to people, for what it is, I couldn't ask much more of it. Maybe a bit more spit and polish would have served this game, maybe add a compass in the in-field hud and some other small details, but not once so far have I been disappointed. Definitely pick it up while it's cheap.If I had to give a rating? Like a 7.5? Low B? It's really good in a wholesome sense. Which is a weird way to describe it."
76561198135094019,Recommended,227220,13234033,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,facteur9,"I really love this game, its a mix of tower defense and action game.. its from Québec and its a really good game and I would recommend anytime."
,Recommended,227220,31239285,Posted: 19 April,all,phillippassmore,This game recently became free and its well worth your timeOk with that out of the way this game is worth your time. I bought this a couple of years ago and it was well worth the price.The gameplay is a 3rd person action game with tower defense.Proswell paced with lots of tutorial videos to make sure a new mechanic is clearExcellent musicmonster variety is a strengthConsthe animation has not aged well. I know they were going for a style but it does not look goodvoice acting was also worse than I remembered
,Recommended,227220,30029013,Posted: 19 February,all,Goldeneye,"+ It's free+ Likeable characters+ Simple gameplay that requires thinking+ MUSIC/SOUNDTRACK!!!!+ Good sense of progression (always getting new trap and tools to use against new enemies)+ Story- Repetitve? (I only say this because this isn't the type of game you want to play for a long time. I recommend playing a few  nights, stopping then playing again to keep things fresh.- Outdated graphics- No controller supportOverall a very good game that's worth a try."
,Recommended,227220,2704036,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Bloede Dh'oine,"If you can get past the lame script and terrible voice acting, it's a fun and interesting twist to the Tower Defense genre."
76561198064426221,Recommended,227220,31810083,Posted: 17 May,all,kgoblin,"I bought this way back when it wasn't free; and am replaying it now. I consider it worth the original selling price of ~$15 base, it being free makes it absolutly worth your time, so long as you have any taste at all for tower defense.Let's get the cons out of the way 1st:1. voice acting is horrible. Think Tony Wiseau monologue / old kung fu movie dub bad. You can kind of enjoy it for it's corniness, but it is very noticeable2. game is short. I had 4 hours on my 1st aborted playthru, and I was around 1/2 way in. Others seem to have beaten the game with both characters in 16 hours... so yeah 8 hour playthruIt's a tower defense game, but with some rather unorthodox gameplay & features.Rather than moving map to map, you play on the same map over and over, with different enemy waves & pathing. Playing on the same map might sound boring, but the map is very large, and they continue to add new sections to it as play progresses.Another unusual feature is that you will NEED to move your character around and actually fight things. The traps are an unusual mix of pure utility effects, one shot damage, and requiring manual activation thru the use key or shooting with the rifle. There is no aspect to play where you pick build the perfect meat grinder and then watch it go.The final unusual aspect is that some of the traps/structures cost money, and are permanent (until you activate them); this basically adds a long term base building element. Right now I have a centralized transport system set up with watchtowers, established over the course of 3 matches.The story & setting are very nice; if you have a taste for history & historical fiction especially. It's set around the 1850s in Canada, and plays on themes of Native American vs. Christian myth & folklore. The game mechanics nicely back up the setting & aesthetic, the traps all act & feel as you would expect a wolftrap, a bonfire, etc. to act, rather some game-ified infinite ammo turret, reskinned to be in the Canadian frontier.It isn't the best TD ever, but it is unique and satisfying, worth your time. Especially now that it's free."
,Recommended,227220,8458197,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,№₷℮₭ 👃,"Promenons-nous dans les bois,Pendant que le loup y est pas.Si le loup y était, il nous mangerait,Mais comme il n'y est pas, il nous mangera pas.^ This plus a sip of Canadian rye whiskey and there you go! Suprisingly pretty, cohesive, fun and ambitious game, especially for all those who always wanted to be a lumberjack, leaping from tree to tree..."
76561198062699774,Recommended,227220,19444402,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,BuddYFuN,good game the voice actting and writting is pretty bad but pretty sure wasnt written for englishgame is great for a few hours but after you finish the 20 levels theres nothing to do no sand box no replaying nothing you cant start over from nothing or play the other char. i was hoping if i beat the campaign it would unlock some sandbox mode or freeplay or something cuz this is the kind of game a good modding crew could invent dozens of kick♥♥♥♥♥levels for!!
,Recommended,227220,9276637,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Superflyguy3,"Wanting to give Strategy games a shot, I thought this game would be an easy intro into the genre, and I have to say I'm enjoying it. The story about the sister could of been dropped to 2 brothers simply defending the house, but what I like the most is the Soundtrack, where I've played plenty of big title games with Soundtracks not as good, you'll definitely find yourself tapping your feet. The variety of traps and enemies leaves the player with tonnes of options and obstacles to try and work their way around, and the perfect amount of freedom for those who want to use their brain and let the traps unfold and do the work, or if your in the mood to go toe-to-claw with the beasts. The graphics aren't brilliant and neither is the story, but for the setting, gameplay, artwork and soundtrack, i'd definitely recommend this game, especially for those wanting to get into the strategy games genre. Fingers crossed for a sequel with even more complex levels and possibly multiplayer would be awesome."
,Recommended,227220,21508347,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dimitri Cosmos ✅,"""Sang-Froid - Tales of Werevolves"" is a cute, atmospheric indie tower-defense game set in 19th century Canada, involving a stand against occult forces unleashed upon a family of two brothers and a sister. It has a nice visual style, interesting (yet simple) story and quite the content for the buck. With a solid arsenal of unlockable traps and weapons, as well as skills to build, the game offers a pleasant and intellectually stimulating experience.With various possible approaches to the missions (chapters) the game has a bit of something both for players who prefer fighting and those who prefer tactics. Yet, it seems that Sang-Froid is not as rewarding for players who carefully plan out their defenses as it should be, because with careful placement of traps and minimum involvement in combat, I was constantly out of money and struggled to get the best equipment in the first half of the game. Only after few chapters, did I discover that I could just  buy potions and kill enemies, thus saving money for the equipment. And that's a shame, because I would rather be rewarded for playing smart instead of casual. This aspect of the game is also illustrated by the fact that the character gains experience both for succeeding and failing the missions, which allows to unlock new skills either way, thus becoming stronger. It means that you can just grind through stat boosts, save money for better weapons and almost forget about trap placement in the first part of the game.There are also some minor faults:- Combat: the character can only move in four directions – no diagonal moves and change of a direction is not seamless; the camera movement during the fights is also a problem.- Navigation: that mini map sure makes your head spin and you can easily go the wrong way, which could be a crucial mistake when the time is running out- Trap placement: there is a hidden grid, but there are areas where it is not always possible to place fire wall tiles in straight lines. The game likes to add an extra tile to your desired construction sometimes, thus wasting your limited action points. It sure would have been more convenient, if it was possible to add a tile by tile and remove them tile by tile instead of all the firewall.- Economy: the action point cost and prices for some traps doesn't seem balanced for me against their potential usefullness. For example, I never used an explosive barrel during the game, because it is an expensive trap with limited usefullness and there is a high risk of failure.But despite its flaws ""Sang-Froid"" is a very good game and I recommend it to all tower-defence fans or someone who just wants to take a break from shooters like I did.My overall rating: 8/10."
76561197976478038,Recommended,227220,33398527,Posted: 9 July,all,chilpack,"I don't review many games, but after completing this I felt compelled to share why I liked it. I have so many games in my account that I'll probably never play half of them. I'm really happy I tried this one. I bought it a couple years ago and finally got around to playing it. The voice acting and dialogue for the most part are low-budget. It's the strategy and action gameplay where this shines. I loved unlocking new weapons and traps as the game progressed. It felt great getting stronger and choosing where to spend the currency earned on upgrades. It doesn't take long to complete on the normal difficulty - which is great when you have a lot of games still waiting to be played. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,227220,12301115,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Freddie Freeloader,"Simply put, the most well concealed and shiniest (or 'gemmy', if you will) of hidden gems. Some may criticize the voice acting and writing, but I didn't think it was that bad. As a Canadian, I think they successfully emulated the sort of accent you'd hear when you're far from the cities. It can be comical at times I won't deny that, but I honestly believe the comedy is intentional in those cases.It says I only have a few minutes played at the moment, but I have beaten this game several times with both brothers, only it was not on my account.The gameplay is an interesting blend of strategic planning and real-time execution. Also, one of my favourite soundtracks of all time. Seriously, it's that good. You can find the tracks themselves in the game files.I just friggin' love this game."
76561198105776832,Recommended,227220,11149030,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,mayfield,A defense tower game.  Fighting diffent kinds of wolves and werewolves.  Fun story.
76561198022696454,Recommended,227220,14605617,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Cel.Mustard,"If you like tower defense games and puzzles this one will definitely please youGood puzzles.Very interesting game.Fun to plan your defenses during the days, and see how your strategy works at nights.The plot is also good and most of the characters are nice.The only thing that actually bothered me was the animation durning the cut scenes, I guess, becouse the characters are to limited, the animation itself gets awkward during these events.I'd like to see more of this in the future for surecheers"
76561198120594782,Recommended,227220,11566340,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Glajimator,Amazing game.Perharps the best artwork i have ever seen in any game.Soundtrack is also great and really adds to the outstanding atmosphere which the game provides.It is not as fast paced as Orcs must die instead it focuses much more on strategy than action which is good in my opinion.Upgrade system is well made and money is scarce so you have to use your brain to manage your resources and survive.The level of difficulty is well balanced.My only complain is about combat which could be a lot better (especially aiming with rifle is really frustrating at times).Also the story is a bit short which is sad because there is no other mode so you are forced to play the campaign.Overall 9/10 a well made game brilliantly presented.
76561198080219230,Recommended,227220,10409212,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Phaser,"This game is delicious!Waves of wolves try to get a good taste of fresh human flesh V´´V.  At night... every night they attack a small farm owned by two nasty lumberjacks and their sister. Those filthy lumberjacks put up a huge variety of dirty wolf traps, towers and even shoot at everything that approaches their farm using either ordinary, blessed or silver bullets. Those cowards seek protection near lit fire places and assault all those poor hungry wolves with axes.Luckily there are enough different types of wolves and werewolves that vary in strenght, speed and ability to keep the game fair for the wolves. So sometimes the game can be challenging for the lumberjacks, Jos and Jack, too, (I think this is how this food is called) and if they didn't try hard enough a pack wolves can finally feast on their well-deserved succulent midnight snack inside those small cabins. At most times those foolish lumberjacks seem to have huge problems with their conrols, that leave them vulnerable to attacks. Their moves and attacks are quite unreliable, laggy and look unpolished to me. In general I think this game is an average tower defense game, which definitely is more than worth its money (90% steam sale in my case). Aside from suprisingly long loading screens the game is well paced and doesn't get boring too soon. You might end up spending more time planning your stategy for the next night on the overworld map than actually surviving the night. I also think that this game doesn't have a great replay value and I don't really know why (maybe I'm already tired of seeing wolves being murdered).If you are one of those players who insist in pin-point accurate gameplay or blockbuster action, you should stay away from this game! But if you are easily affected by a mysterious and dark atmosphere, neat soundtrack and interesting ideas you should definitely give it a try."
76561198023323121,Recommended,227220,10465342,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,BadMoodPyjamaMan,"I really like this game. It is unique and does a fantastic job of blending action, strategy and rpg elements together. The gameplay is a lot of fun and there's always something new waiting for you right around the corner ie a new gun, axe, trap or monster. The game's story is very interesting too with all the schemeing that goes on. The only parts i didn't like so much about this game were the graphics and voice acting. The graphics look nice but it seemed as if they couldn't decide whether to make the game look cartoony or realistic. It's hard to explain but it just sometimes seems weird to have a cartoony lumberjack next to such a detailed tree. The monsters look REALLY good though; i was actually getting scared at times when i'd see a werewolf's glowing eyes shining as he lunged towards me. The voice acting was a little awkward at times but it's no big deal. I did like the Devil's voice. All in all this is a great game and i'm glad to have bought it."
76561198044144467,Recommended,227220,14674832,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Jana,"Good game, fun mix between action and strategy. The graphics are fine, the cutscene animation is a bit goofy, the english voiceover is fine. Has replay-value in my opinion if you start at the easier of two difficulty settings. I personally didn't have any technical issues (Windows 8)."
,Recommended,227220,18950385,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,TrevimusPrime,"A really nice mix of Tower Defence and Action RPG. Lay traps in the day, equip your hero, then battle Werewolves by night. Very enjoyable, with a simple but nice story to go with it.Would recommend"
,Recommended,227220,10326625,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Jordash,"Here we have a fantastic game with a compelling story, rich atmosphere and a unique feel from its stylized graphics and original soundtrack. The opening music alone is worth the current sale price ($1.49-almost as much as a song on iTunes), although I'd recommend this game even without a discount. 1850s Canada is quite the refreshing setting, an unfamiliar time and place that only adds to the unfolding mystery.Sang-Froid definitely has an indie feel to it-especially with the cutscenes-but the gameplay mechanics are intuitive and solid. I love the different stages in each level, from placing traps and planning a defense during the day to executing your plan come nightfall, for better or for worse. There's this sense of escalating urgency to the whole thing, as if there's just not enough time or resources to make it through to the next day.In one instance I stood upwind from a pack and heard their howls as they caught and followed my scent. I snared an oncoming  werewolf in a bear trap and crushed it to death with a quick shot to the overhanging rock pile I'd placed, then I frantically ran from its companions back to a bonfire by the cabin, rolling this way and that out of their clawing reach, barely able to light the fire before running out of stamina, and just able to frighten the beasts to catch a quick breather before axing them all to death in a ferocious back-and-forth dance around the fire-only to have to sprint right over to the next building in a panic to catch more of the werewolves before they could finish tearing everything to rubble. Exhilarating!9/10 - highly recommended!"
,Recommended,227220,9724212,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Sang-Froid is a tower defense and action game fun mix that will suck you in. Its always the same setting won't annoy you until you hit the very ending. However, thanks to its constant additions of new traps and creatures, the game stays entertaining till the end.Sang-Froid: Tales of Werewolves is a brilliant game, peppered with original ideas, a unique setting, and an interesting premise. It is a clever amalgamation of asynchronous tower defense and synchronous brawling. It teems with pride and gusto, and should be lauded for attempting something bold, fresh and inimitable. It just needed a little more love, a little more time, and much better visuals.Issues aside, this inventive, supernatural mash-up is absolutely worth possessing--demonically or otherwise."
76561198013667267,Recommended,227220,13971633,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Horn3t,"I just played few hours and finished few chapters in game but it's already interesting (9/10)I have had a lot of fun with inventing and executing strategies against wolves, werewolves and others.+MUSIC (great intro music, nice in-game music)easy controlsfight systemstrategic systemeconomic solutionsenemies diversitystory line-...hard to find something - maybe no COOPERATIVE mode"
,Not Recommended,227220,13644653,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,_4rc_,"Summary of the game (no spoilers). At first, my review was positive, but then I changed my mind. Here is why -Story 3/5  -> Original, somewhat engaging, but a bit shallowGraphics 4/5 -> for an action/tower defence game pretty decentVoice acting/ cinematics 1/5 -> terrible voice acting, but that is not such a big deal. Cinematics are a nusiance.Gameplay 2/5 -> You want to play. You want to think about the layout of your traps and strategy. But the game will not let you. It is very easy to place the traps, and melee combat is mostly about going near enemy, hitting MB1 (your character will target and hit enemy automatically, even if they are behind you) and sometimes dodging or running away. Shooting would be more fun, but you need to reload every shot which takes way too long for practical purposes and is impossible in melee combat. You can not place traps exactly where you want them, (I am not talking about terrain restriction now), so they happen to be too much to sides for maximizing their potential - and that is just irritating. You also keep XP even from nights you fail, so you are rewarded for failing. It also makes the game less chalenging, which sux.In-game mechanics and options 5/5 -> there is everything that fits the atmosphere and nothing more that could disturb or overhype it. It is detailed, but not overdone, they put a lot of time into it and they did a good job. It also works quite well, I only saw one or two minor bugs. + they explain the mechanics very well.Saves and loads mechanics 0/5 -> Daytime starts by cinematics, after that you tend to plant traps for waves of enemies that come at night. There may be 1-6 waves each night. If you screw up even the last wave, you need to start from daytime again (you can relocate the traps) and go again through all the waves. If, however, you decide to turn the game off, it will start with the beginning cinematics of the day the next time you play it, and your traps will be deleted, so you need to place them again. The game loads extremely slowly for such a small game, but the loading song makes up for it.Fun 3/5 -> This game had great potential. It could have been so much better, perhaps the most complete tower defence / action game hybrid ever made. After a few rounds (when my review was positive) I had great expectations and was looking forward to playing this game. But as I played, it was becoming somehow irritating because of the factors mention above. Still, it was a decent game.Shoul you buy it? No. It is definitely not worth the price.However, If you see it on a sale like -80% or so, then YES, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,227220,811604,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"Sang-Froid is a charming game made by a team of 6 people. It's amazing how such a small team can create such a fun tower defense title. And with that much polish.The game can be compared to Orcs Must Die in that you'll be running around killing enemies as well, in addition to your traps. Now, the traps must be placed prior to starting the game so there's no adding traps once the game has begun. Thankfully the map shows you which enemies will spawn where, what traps are most effective, and where they're headed. A level can have up to 6 waves so it's important that you try to remember the roads your enemies will be taking in order to get to your bases in time. Killing enemies will earn you money which can be used to buy new weapons, gear, potions and ammo. Completing waves will also earn you experience so you'll be able to upgrade your character with more health, or make your traps more effective.For a tower defense game the story is actually pretty good. They put a lot of effort in it and the cutscenes are well done. The voice acting, however, is mediocre at best, which is a real shame. It's just so wooden and brought with no emotion at all. The music, on the other hand, is solid and the voices of your enemies are well done, too.The graphics are cool, and the characters use a certain style, which I liked. The game doesn't support 2560x1440, which was a little bit frustrating for me personally as it made the game look blurry. But since the rest of the game is so well done I'll just ignore it.The game can be completed in about 11 hours, by the way, so it's also pretty lengthy.[Rating: 75/100]"
76561197976555566,Recommended,227220,18618481,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,richdog,This game is awesome.. starts of kinda easy then BAM werewolf. Holy hell. Just try to kill as many things as u can early on without traps as they cost you money that could be used on upgrades. Really great game would love to see a sequel or another game in the same vein as this. Buy but read reviews first it may not be your style of game.Would drink Canadian liquor again  10/10
,Recommended,227220,9737660,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Warrior,"This could have been an amazing basis for combat mechanics, but there’s too much mouse lag and unresponsiveness when playing. Of course it's still not a AAA game, but it should provide some satisfaction. 7/10"
,Recommended,227220,10249113,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Robot Joe,GOTTA PROTECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE WOLVES AND DEMENS WITH TRIX AND TRAPS. My only complaint about this game is that there is a distinct lack of ragdoll physics
,Not Recommended,227220,13974889,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Synik,PROS:Some deep mechanics like talent trees in the same nature as D2 or Titan Quest but a bit watered downFaithful representation of the time period (1850's)Interesting tower defense concept in that its meant to be played differently than other tower defense gamesCONS:Clunky controlsBadly voiced bad cutscenes full of bad writing....bad.Pacing is too slow.Overall I couldnt find much incentive to play beyond the 5th level. It was just boring to me.
76561198022966154,Recommended,227220,24965692,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Backseatgamern,This game is a real gem and really deserves credit for it. It's really easy to get into and near impossible to master. Every day you have a new attack to defend yourself from with a set budget. I spent hours on some maps trying to save as much as possible while still beating the objectives in order to upgrade my gear sooner.So in a way I'd say that this is a money management/tower defence/stealth/action game. I have never played anything quite like it and that is the game's biggest strength. I'm not blown away by the graphics or the character designs though but they are solid and the game ages really well in my opinion.I should say though that the game is a pain to beat and the difficulty spikes pretty early. So if you are easily discouraged this game might not be for you. But I for one will come back to it more than once trying to optimise every level and be as rich as possible at the end credits. Just for fun of course!
,Recommended,227220,9860285,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,zuraf,"Sang Froid is mix of strategy, rpg and tower defense settled in Canadian 19th century legends. Protect hut where's your sister from devil's servants and on last day by himself. During day choose strategy, replenish resources in closest village and set up traps. During night lure animals and beasts into traps and if some pass through face them with your upgradeable weapons musket with normal or silver bullets and your big trusted axe."
76561198063292129,Recommended,227220,10412377,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Eric D Raven,"Really neat game, enjoyed every bit of it :)"
,Recommended,227220,15571340,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,certifiablygeeky,"This is a fun little strategy game where you get to kill werewolves. The soundtrack is very enjoyable. I could listen to it for ages! I'm not a huge fan of the combat because for me it can be a bit hit and miss. It's not the strongest point in the game and the graphics aren't either, but it's still fun."
,Recommended,227220,12752261,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Satyr,if you want fun strategic game with great music and also story to tell - buy it - it is wort of that money and timeso go and get some werevolfs furs for your new coat :-)and you can replay and try different ways to get thats beasts down
76561198019655193,Recommended,227220,20661927,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Uilleam,"The music in this game is just perfect! Music from Québec, Canada. Enjoy!"
76561198003922696,Recommended,227220,8939314,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Beans,"I love this game. It's got some pretty seriously bad and/or cheesy voice acting and whatnot, and the graphics arn't amazing and it can play a bit clunky, but it's got so much charm. It's a very unique experience, with a good level of challenge and variety. The story is great*, and I appreciate the period mysticism and superstition, and how it was handled and implemented. This is my favorite video game purchase I've made in quite a while, and while I got it on sale, I would absolutely pay full price for it."
,Recommended,227220,8600219,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Intrus,"That's pretty much what we do in Canada, busting wolves/werewolves and fighting the devil to the sound of Irish folk music.Joke aside the game is quite charming, a blend of planning traps and stuff against the hords and third person action. And bonus for you if you play it in French.Also, come to Canada! We'll dance a jig and show you that werewolves ain't that much, don't let Twilight fool you!"
,Recommended,227220,34080089,Posted: 7 August,all,Evaheist,"Very similar to games like Orcs Must Die where elements of tower defense strategy and 3rd person action are blended together. Sang-Froid is a challenging and intense game of the same ilk with a great sense of suspense and dread because of its dark atmosphere and story.Traps are satisfying to use and you have to manage quite a lot by the time you approach the endgame. This was probably going to be the first part of a series but there haven't been any announcements of a sequel as of yet.You can level up your character and traps as well as buy new gear and equipment that help you survive each night. The creature design is very attractive albeit everything looks a bit on the ""low-budget"" side. Music and SFX are used to great effect.Combat is a bit clunky but once you get your head around it it's pretty fun and exciting. It's all about stamina management. There are other systems at work as well such as intimidation which plays an important role when you become overwhelmed with enemies.On a final note, this game has some of the WORST voice acting I've ever heard. But I suppose it's better than reading text dialogues and the dev is a small team after all so I can personally forgive that shortcoming.Highly recommended if you're a fan of the genre or even curious."
,Recommended,227220,9689993,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Tigerion,"Great game with some of the best introductory music ever.The game is based on Canadian folklore which makes an interesting setting for games. So you get the basic wolves as well as werewolves, windigos and shamans.The game is based on a planning phase then an execution phase. Set your traps and then execute the plan to defeat waves of enemies during the night. Skill tree allows you to tailor your lumberjack to your playstyle. The story is adequate but no more than that. Enough to pull you through if you enjoy the gameplay and give a reason for new enemies and objectives.So you you are interested in a strategy game set in a far different location then it is well worth it"
,Recommended,227220,8908666,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,kilasha,This game is fun and quiet challenging this game will make you try to survive and defend at the same time! the story is nice and the gameplay is nice too i would recommend this to everyone who likes survival or tower defend
,Recommended,227220,8567151,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Elliot Alderson,"Sang-Froid is a terrific game which unfortunately suffers from not being particularly well known. The story won't have you on the edge of your seat but the key players are well written and likeable. As for the gameplay, it's an interesting blend of tower defense and a sort of hack and slash. Defend your buildings from the wolf hordes for as long as your traps hold out and then wade in with axe and rifle to finish the job. It's a terrific concept that consistently feels fresh with new traps and enemies unlocked every so often. Combine fantastic gameplay with two playable characters who play very differently from each other and some basic RPG elements to make the two even more unique and you have a very entertaining, very enjoyable gaming experience."
,Recommended,227220,8520082,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Pharos,"As a jaded gamer I was gratefully surprised by how well put together this little gem is. Everthing fits right, crafting an experience with good gameplay and good narrative but most importantly a consistent immersion into the atmosphere the game sets out to produce. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,227220,29912319,Posted: 13 February,all,Kodyd194,"Sang-Froid - Tales of Werewolves, I picked this up after it went free and I have got to say, I enjoyed the game. Never quite seen a tower defense, RPG hybrid quite like this. I definitely recommend anyone interested check it out."
76561198095141770,Recommended,227220,15040050,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,King Horse,"Overall, a decent game about Canada.I've never been to the country up North and I'm on a budget. So I decided that instead of going there in-person I'd do the next best thing: play Sang-Froid - Tales of Werewolves.Canadian technology is way below that of the rest of the world. They still use muskets and Native American blessings. Preachers regularly make deals with Satan there in order to have sex with young women.Chances are you already knew this, but did you know that Canada is terrorized by werewolves?Sang-Froid gives you a third-person view of Canadian life. Basically what you do there is prepare for the werewolf onslaught, and fight them when it's dark out. Shops and housing in Canada lack electricity and are still mostly wood; and each town has a blacksmith. I want to say the Canadians have a simple way of life, but this would be false. When your local preacher makes another faustian deal, and your sister appears posessed, and you have to fight werewolves all night, well, there's nothing simple about it. Canada is a hard life, like Afghanistan or Syria.Overall this is the best virtual tour of that country, with the depiction from South Park: The Stick of Truth coming in second. It is a good game, but not a great one. Fighting werewolves feels quotidian quickly. And especially for we Americans the Canadian experience might just feel frustrating, given that in our country we can get WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY better guns than that 19th-century stuff. And I know I may sound unfair when I say this, but it's a HUGE disappointment to see that the Canadians are still using the same weapons with which they fought us during The War of 1812. Canada is an ally and if there were ever a major war, and we needed them in the fight, then we'd have to supply them with weapons. In the long run it would cost far less money (and save so many Canadian lives, both from foriegn enemies and werewolves) if they modernized their arms now.7/10"
76561198059139474,Recommended,227220,8270124,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,TBB Gatonekra,Music was the one of the greatest for me
76561198086469620,Recommended,227220,10380608,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,shockinsheep,Great game bought on sale would recommend to anyone who likes strategy.8/10But on the other hand i would have to really think about paying the full £10.99.The combat system is slow with the enemy's radomly running off into the woodsand then lagging back and fourth out of the map but there all minor bugs and ifyou hate bad voice acting then i would avoid this title. But on sale you can't go wrong iwould recommend to anyone at this price perfect for a few hours laughs and frustrationsas the game is stupidly hard sometimes but all in all good for £1.10
76561198044770499,Recommended,227220,10369379,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,tgaland,"Pretty cool game, definitely gives you the feel that you are one man trying to defend your land against a vast force."
,Recommended,227220,10591866,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bernit,"Impressive game. It brings together, with its light atmosphere, really challenging missions. The history is so cool and the way they combined action and strategy are bringing me a lot of fun! Still in the beginning, though (7 days, I think), but I can see the map I have to defend getting bigger, the enemies getting harder, and my traps inventory growing with new stuff. Really recommend!Every night you will be attacked by wolves, werewolves, etc. So the game will be as follows:-Cool history part (very brief and objetive);-Preparation of traps to face the night;-Face the enemies by yourself, because only the traps are never enough to all the enemies!"
,Recommended,227220,14168189,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Foriarez,"This game... Man i love this game! it has an interesting story, an entertaining planing mechanic, tense combat moments. At first i had my doubts since i'm not that good at planning, rts or tower defense, but this game managed to attract me enough with all it offers, it is so satisfying when you manage to survive almost purely with traps, and whe you fail, it is mostly because of a bad planning, the game is hard but fair and i can't recommend it enough, buy it already. P.S. if you are failing an assault, fight the most waves you can and get your defeat because each wave you manage to beat gives you experience to lvl up your skills, but if you restart you will get no experience at all."
,Recommended,227220,14187231,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ForceMagic,"Really nice game, I found the difficulty level perfect for each character. I started with the Jos (normal) then played Jack after and went through the game smoothly, taking more time sometimes which forced me to use better strategies.Very Fun! Not too hard at all like some said. However, a good tip would be to put one or two watch tower in advance when you have extra Action points. It's not wasted, you'll have to go from every building quickly at some point.Music was also very nice, perfect for the game and the context. Really nice job! I really like the planning vs action part, well balanced! Buy it right away or don't miss it when on sale!"
76561198022690608,Recommended,227220,8698832,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,K'senia,Absolutely an enjoyable experience!   This is a perfect example of what indie developers should be trying to achieve with their games.    A great mix of puzzle solving/action wrapped in a interesting story.
,Recommended,227220,7617145,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Echos Firebrand,"I've unfortunately never played the game so far. I've attempted. I can say I'd most likely enjoy the game. But beyond that: The developer himself is attempting to fix the issues with me. and i'm grateful. I'd recommend it on that, if nothing else. thats dedication."
76561197996743599,Recommended,227220,1706504,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,SylaxSYN,"Such a brillaint concept that isn't lost in one genre or the other.  It's a perfect hybrid blend of Tower Defense and Action RPG.  It's highly improbable to solely rely on one aspect or another.  Unlike other similar games like Dungeon Defendors, you will need to focus your efforts on both tower defense and fighting.  And the quaint little extra game mechanics (slow single shot reload, axe/bullet blessing, etc...) are a really nice touch and add to the uniqueness of the game."
,Recommended,227220,966240,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Nick_Verge,"Very well designed game, intelligent and innovative systems like the intimidation bar. For anyone curious about the French canadian culture!"
76561197993855690,Recommended,227220,1500511,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,Tom Arnold on PCP,"Take the concept of Orcs Must Die!, mix in colonial Canada and werewolves and you have a French-Canadian masterpiece! ... or at least a reasonably fun game that you can sink time into."
76561198042817888,Recommended,227220,8768095,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Duuck,"A very fun game to play combining strategy and action at the same time, can also be a little bit scary!would definetly reccomend to play this game a boring winter day! :)"
,Recommended,227220,8063153,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Strathiel,"The graphics, voice acting and story all leave something to be desired, but where it lacks in those categories it more than makes up in unique and genuinely fun gameplay. It's a diamond in the rough. If you can look past the aesthetics that everyone clings to these days, and think of it more as an early stage of this type of game, it's truly fantastic. I'd like to see it with the polish it deserves, but even without it you're bound to have a good time.If you like strategy games, but also have that part of you that loves to smash through enemies in beat-em-up style, you're getting the best of both worlds with Sang-Froid. As I said above, it's a diamond in the rough, so not everything is seamless, though it's very close.All in all, for $15 you're getting a lot more bang for your buck than the same old game that's been coming out the last 15 years and wants $60."
,Recommended,227220,10395715,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,MAzing87,"Just about an hr and a half into the tower defense game, Sang Froid Tales of Werewolves, and for $1.50 or 90% off asking price, this was a steal!! I kept my expectations very low. I thought, why would a $15 game be discounted more than 50%? I had to find out.It's about hunting werewolves! That alone had me interested. The story is about 2 brothers Jack and Jos, at odds with each other but have to work together to help save their sister Josephine, who is possessed by some evil spirit. You have to choose one of the brothers to control. Jack is the more strategic character that lays traps (according to the game difficulty, it's hard). Jos is the stronger of the two, an effective melee attacker (game difficulty, it's easy) to which I'm assuming that he has a bigger health bar. I chose Jack to play.What I was surprised about SF was how much you can do. From basic combat with wolves and werewolves, to planning out strategies to take on waves of enemies (mostly wolves and werewolves). Each successful night, gives you XP to improve your character, weapons, and traps. You can go up to level 15. Very well designed maps, menus, tutorials, and screens. The art direction follows more of the comic cut out look during the cutscenes. And it's nicely done. The controls are not the best, but very manageable. You can use a melee weapon from up close and ranged weapons from a distance. The best part about the combat is that you can use both types without overusing one or the other.I haven't played much strategy/base defense games before. The closest that I can think of is Assassin's Creed Revelation's tower defense (which was a bad addition to the franchise). Sang Froid Tales of Werewolves is a very good tower defense game. Get this game before the deal while on sale."
,Recommended,227220,11126530,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Corey Taylor's Neck,"The game is very unique. Similar to Orcs Must Die, this game has a refreshing take on the tower defense genre. You set up traps and plan before the waves begin, and fight in 3rd person to activate and attack the wolf creatures. The music is good, graphics are decent, gameplay is smooth and has plenty of depth, and is worth the price."
,Recommended,227220,10331480,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Crizzixx,"Sang-Froid takes the concepts from a large variety of different styles of games, and mashes them all together to create a truly fun and unique experience.I keep hoping this is type of game Epic Games has in mind while they are developing Fortnite. The idea for this game is great, and while it's game is a tad sluggish in it's execution, it by no means fails. Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,227220,10356446,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Wu'teh,"I've barely scratched the surface of this game, having played a paltry 78 minutes at the time of writing, but I've enjoyed this more than quite a few of my recent steam purchases (and they cost double the full price of this gem!).This is a twist on the tower defence genre that I haven't seen before; third person hack & slash combat, with traps that trigger in a variety of ways. During the day you can stock up on supplies and buy shiney new weapons, then plan your strategy and place your traps in order to survive the coming night's wolf attack, then survive said wolf attack!For the £1.10 I paid for this in a flash sale yesterday I've struck absolute gold. I'd have happily paid full price."
,Recommended,227220,10330626,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Krmpy,"Here we have a fantastic game with a compelling story, rich atmosphere and a unique feel from its stylized graphics and original soundtrack. The opening music alone is worth the current sale price ($1.49-almost as much as a song on iTunes), although I'd recommend this game even without a discount. 1850s Canada is quite the refreshing setting, an unfamiliar time and place that only adds to the unfolding mystery.Sang-Froid definitely has an indie feel to it-especially with the cutscenes-but the gameplay mechanics are intuitive and solid. I love the different stages in each level, from placing traps and planning a defense during the day to executing your plan come nightfall, for better or for worse. There's this sense of escalating urgency to the whole thing, as if there's just not enough time or resources to make it through to the next day.In one instance I stood upwind from a pack and heard their howls as they caught and followed my scent. I snared an oncoming werewolf in a bear trap and crushed it to death with a quick shot to the overhanging rock pile I'd placed, then I frantically ran from its companions back to a bonfire by the cabin, rolling this way and that out of their clawing reach, barely able to light the fire before running out of stamina, and just able to frighten the beasts to catch a quick breather before axing them all to death in a ferocious back-and-forth dance around the fire-only to have to sprint right over to the next building in a panic to catch more of the werewolves before they could finish tearing everything to rubble. Exhilarating!highly recommended!"
76561198094446946,Recommended,227220,10353604,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Sensei,The graphic is a bit outdated considering it's from 2013 but the story and the gameplay make it up. Worth every penny. 9/10
76561198037421691,Recommended,227220,10355504,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,TheTechnomancer,This game is amazing. Definitly worth the money. I voted for this early in it's greenlight and it does not dissapoint. Goes above and beyond my expectations back then.
,Recommended,227220,10331212,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,A Mandrill Called Rafiki,"I highly enjoyed Sang-Froid because you get to kill demonic and mystical wolves in the name of chivalry.The gameplay was very intuitive but the well narrated and detailed tutorials were much appreciated after skipping them initially only to view them later for the sake of completeness.Also, the highly responsive gameplay, well-rounded gameplay mechanics (trap placement , skill trees, etc. )  and trap\weapon arsenal kept the experience fresh until the end, which is the only gripe I have with Sang-Froid.After the end, the choices are limited on how to proceed in the current campaign. You cannot repeat previous levels in the campaign without consequences. If you want to go back to a certain day, you lose all the progress made after that point.In addition to fixing that flaw, this game severely needs an ""Endurance Mode"" and another mode that features randomization of the enemy's attack patterns.My issues with the game still shouldn't dissuade you from purchasing Sang-Froid -- even at fullprice -- because it is more than worth it."
,Recommended,227220,10460541,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,werenick,"This game is hard, yet fair with tense as hell combat and a lot of room for strategic use of traps. The atmosphere is superb. The voice acting is lack luster, buck this is an issue I can easily look past, especially considering how much fun I had. This game demands a sequel both to straighten out some of the kinks and just so I can play more.Edit: Oh! I didn't even mention the music! It's just wonderful and it really adds to the overall feel of this game. I love it."
,Recommended,227220,10330450,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Que'Vanne,"This game is a TON of fun! The Levels are tough and challenging, they really force you to think about each possibility and plan ahead. The graphics aren't amazing, but they still give off this great creepy atmosphere at night! The music is phenominal as well, the folk soundtrack really helps the game deliver its expierence.I have now finished the story and feel that I should say that the story is pretty interesting. Admittadly it was a bit obvious how it was going to end, but the cliffhanger at the end left me eagar for more. I cannot wait for the second part to be released!"
,Recommended,227220,10329430,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ikeology,"Wonderful and creative, a truly unique game."
,Recommended,227220,10353679,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Wallas,"It's 4 am and I just beat this game. It was worth every moment of my time. Before anything else, you should know that this hasn't got all that much hack 'n slash in it. The combat is more of a fallback or a way to finish opponents wounded by traps. The real meat of the game is in the planning phase, everything else is merely execution. That doesn't mean it's not fun though. The moments before you spring a deadly trap are as tense as the combat that comes after the trap thins the pack (or fumbles miserably). Speaking of traps, there's a pretty good variety of them as well as a fair variety of enemies that are quite distinct from one another. The game has a number of interesting mechanics that set it apart, such as the fear factor and the ability to manipulate your foes via noise and scent. Unfortunately the voice acting and cutscene animations are kind of terrible. The story isn't that great (let's hope it's a set up for a better one in the sequel). Please don't let that put you off, though. This game absolutely deserves your time and the devs your money."
,Recommended,227220,10456468,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,00,"Where do i begin. I had $2 left in my account from an ealier purchase. This game was on sale. Why not?, i thoughy to my self as i clicked the purchase button. I finally got to play it after 2 days. Long story short, best game i have played in a while. Definitely up there with Brothers: A Tale Of Two Sons. The music is  the best i have ever heard in any game. Especially the one during the loading screen. If you want a fun not so hardcore game, 100% get this one. The gameplay is also easy, well at the beginning. It's all about planning and using your head. I could go on for ages but I 100% recommend this game to any gamer out there. Won't dissapoint. I promise :)"
76561198005647647,Recommended,227220,2317318,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,M0rbid *VLW*,Неожиданный сюрприз. Действительно необычная и интересная игрушка. Жаль что именитые конторы боятся рисковать и делать что-то новое.
,Recommended,227220,25540887,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,gg unit,Great game. Been ignoring it in my library for like a year. More later!
76561198073981077,Recommended,227220,22922583,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Robert,"I love this game. The story is good, gameplay is good. I love the music; the gameplay and design. I bought this game over a year ago and I'm still playing it. It's challenging and fun and very rewarding as well.I'm looking forward to Tome 2"
76561198040485370,Recommended,227220,8870218,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,TheCoyote,"Sang-Froid is an impressively complex RTS, with creative, realistic traps that remain grounded in the setting. Every level requires a careful plan, without a detail of the enemy's plan overlooked. The tension is palpable, as timing is everything: will the wolves finish the bait and move on your house before you've finished killing a werewolf clear on the other side of the map? How long do you have before the bonfire goes out and the pack closes in?Set in pre-Confederation Canada, the setting feels real and is well-maintained: every weapon, potion, trap and setpiece fits in the world. Even the prices are accurate to the time (eg. A bullet only costs a penny, and to bless them costs ten cents). Budgeting your money becomes another challenge; saving up for a better gun becomes difficult when you still have to worry about affording your silver bullets and spike traps to survive the next night.As a game, it is quite fun and exciting, but there are some issues with the presentation. The graphics are nothing pretty, but adequate. The music might wear on your nerves, depending on your taste, but like almost everything else, it is accurate to the time. There is one problem that stuck out, and that is the voice acting, which is bad enough that it falls noticably below the standards that every other aspect of the game meets. Despite the obvious setting, the characters do not speak with the proper accent, nor do they acknowledge the severity of the situation in their flat line-reading. My reccomendation would be to turn off the voices, and I'm thankful that the option is provided.Once the voices had been muted, I had a wonderful time with this game."
,Recommended,227220,7352995,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,KONOPA_2110,"This sh.it is AWESOME. Every new «mission» is divided into the daytime, when you plan your defence, place the traps, and buy stuff, and the night, when you act, defending your buildings. Between normal and hard choose hard — the game will appear quite difficult, but that's what you came for. Though there are a lot of parameters, traps, items, etc., you'll find yourself well-informed about every new feature, after watching short but informative video tutorials, appearing all along in your adventure. The best thing about this game is that you have to plan (during the day) every your move, and try to keep the sequence of your further acts together in your head (during the night). Meanwhile, it's not just a mind game, where you plan-and-execute... Actually, the «execution» part is made of real action, filled with suddenness, emotional experience and adrenaline.A rare gameplay masterpiece. 92 out of 100."
76561198000544929,Recommended,227220,10575675,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Gejm0n,"Sang-Froid - Tales of Werewolves is the only ""werewolf defense"" I've ever played, but I'm having a hard time imagining one other game doing it better.Strategy, action, rpg elements, all mixed together very well. I really like the gameplay. It's cozy, it's interesting, fresh, there is a lot happening, and it is beutiful.The game could have more options regarding difficulty, to have a really challanging mode/setting would have been great. It's not too short, but I wouldn't mind if it was longer. The voice acting mostly sucks."
,Recommended,227220,10517299,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Hilamonsta,"If you really enjoy tower defense games, you might enjoy this game.  It also has some simple chracter progression.  It's got werewolves as the focus of the story, which is rare.  I'd say look elsewhere if there were any other games out there that were so focused on werewolves.  Don't buy this game expecting anything more complex than console hack & slash."
,Recommended,227220,5548721,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,DesperagoN,"iot is hard , but it worths ever pany l.. i got this for me and 2 of my friends as a gift.. it is a really nice and promishing game! and with noce soundtrack!"
76561197992665753,Recommended,227220,8813572,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Durihan,"Although I'm not usually one for the tower defence genre, I was happily lured in by the setting of Sang-Froid. What other game takes you to Quebec in 1858? You play as one of two brothers who are both good men at heart but somewhat troubled and not particularly liked by civilization. When your sister falls ill after being run out of town by a two-faced priest, the tiny cabin you hole up in becomes full of family turmoil and the epicentre of attacks by possessed wolves and more. Family woes aren't exactly put aside as monsters come night after night, giving a great feel for the brothers.Gameplay is a merge of tower defence and third person action. During the day you go to town to buy booze, weapons, and gear and set up all sorts of traps from simple wolf traps to hanging nets of rocks to much more elaborate tools like spring-loaded spikes and ballistas. As is often the case, you unlock more and more goodies and more routes and more places to defend as you rely on a mix of trapping and just beating things with an axe or shooting a musket. Depending on how you spend your skills every level can also help out your preference of play.So with a unique setting, variable gameplay, a great soundtrack, and enjoyment all round, if you remotely like tower defence and/or third person action, Sang-Froid is a must!"
,Recommended,227220,8369447,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ron Perlcat,"Get this game if you like canadianing werewolves to death. Great mix of tower defense and action, if a bit janky in the combat mechanics."
,Recommended,227220,298050,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,д и к а р ь,"- 8.5 / 10 -This is a truly unique indie gem! Spectacular systems of strategic TD, combat & character leveling.The cut-scenes are slightly lack-luster graphically wise, yet it portrays an intriguing tale of demonic influences. While it is co-written by best-selling Canadian author Bryan Perro, the dialogue @ times can leave something to be desired. However it's redeeming qualities far out-weigh any minor gripes I have.Over-riding all minor flaws is this games ability to deliver a unique blend of strategy & combat with RPG elements, nice gameplay & satisfying progression."
,Recommended,227220,8909839,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,שלום,Amuse strategy game. It's basic but clean and fair.10/10
76561198086802953,Recommended,227220,10350048,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,mogwie,needs co-op fun
76561197991756666,Recommended,227220,8889342,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,nerk hayze,"I am not one for strategy games but Sang-Froid's graphic cuts & careful choice of coloring put a joy in my very precious gaming time. I either like something or I don't-hopefully the same goes for you. I don't like [especially] FPS (first-person-shooters),Strategy games or point-&-click. Now, to incorporate these together in a game adds an appealing turn in the gaming road.Sang-Froid mixes 3rd person gaming with strategy. Ohhh the weather..I love wintry cold settings...Sang-Froid is set in the freezing, snowing cowboy west. Something like a canadian condition. Inherent yankee language throughout. Having completed it was I left with a good feeling? Yes!Every time I got up from the game...yearning to sit back down and continue the story...that good!! In the story the evil-one (himself) steps in the storyline, comprising of 2 brothers trying to save their sister from death. The red-indians and that lore. Do I want a sequel? I do!"
76561198012962211,Recommended,227220,9785046,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Tallowhand,"This was a tough one. This game has lovely art, great controls, a fun combination of strategy and action, and an enchanting mythology set in old Canada. A plague of possessed wolves and werewolves begin attacking a small Canadian village and two estranged brothers, one a trapper and one a lumberjack, must unite to protect their beloved sister as the Devil seeks to claim her for his own. Imagine ""Orcs Must Die"" mixed with ""The Howling"" and ""The Exorcist""! It's glorious! But after less than an hour, I had to stop playing and uninstall it because, honestly, I love wolves. For whatever reason i feel a deep kinship with them, and being required by a game to kill nothing BUT wolves -- wolves which react realistically and whimper when hit -- was beyond the pale for me. Nevermind the fact that these wolves are possessed by the Devil, acting entirely out of character (which the game, to its credit, repeatedly acknowledges) and mutating into hideous anthropoid forms -- you're still killing wolves. I can't bear it. I recommend this game highly, but not if you are as viscerally attached to lupines as I am. If you don't mind fighting demon-wolves for the soul of your family? PLAY THIS!"
,Recommended,227220,8470356,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,thebgbb,"I enjoy it when a game designer approaches a pre-existing genre from a new, flavorful perspective. For example, I think it would be neat if we could get rid of the zombies in a lot of these survival/horror games and instead put the players against mummies in Egypt.So how did I react when I saw that Sang Froid was a tower defense game, set in the Great White North, where you must protect a house with an axe and a musket from waves of werewolves sent by the devil? My reaction could be summed up in one word: SOLD!Sangfroid (pronounced san-frwa) is a french word for “the ability to stay calm in difficult or dangerous situations.” This game requires exactly that.  Most games give you relatively fast recharge time or a clip for you gun rounds, so you can afford to miss shots occasionally.  In Sang-Froid, you have to reload your musket after every shot.  In many instances, you have to stall the wolves while you reload your musket, and you have to build that time into your gameplan and make every shot count. You have a lot to do and a short time to do it, but the key thing is that you keep calm and carry on.I once heard this genre referred to as a “boots on the ground tower defense game,” and I think that’s an apt description.  It reminds me a little bit of Brutal Legend; I even remember thinking during one mission “this does to tower defense what Brutal Legend attempted to do with RTS, but it does it right.”  After reading other reviews, I have seen the game compared to Orcs Must Die and/or Sanctum.  If they are anything like Sang Froid, I am excited about giving them a try.While Sang Froid requires timing, I wouldn’t call it a twitch game.  That said, it is one where you have to remain alert to the larger danger while keeping your attention on the specific task at hand.  The stages were hard, but satisfying.  whenever I finished one, I felt like Hannibal from the A-Team. (""I love it when a plan comes together."")The overall flavor to the game is light, campy, with a good story and just the right amount of cheese.  The game constantly changes graphical styles between game play, cut scenes, and dialog. If I wasn’t such a fan of Ralph Bakshi’s animation I would likely find this quite jarring. I wouldn’t be surprised if other people found this annoying.The digital storytelling technique used in the game serves as a reminder that it is a low budget title, but I think that added to the overall charm of the game.  The characters appearing and disappearing during dialog reminds me of the dialog from Guild Wars 2 or Aqua Teen Hunger Force. The folk-style soundtrack makes me think of what country music must have sounded like before country music existed; it keeps the player in the moment, but remained light enough to keep it from feeling like a horror game.Sang Froid is an excellent tower defense game with a lot of charm and an interesting story.  Give it a try."
76561198071882170,Recommended,227220,9124053,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,ghozzt,Bought it to support a homegrown studio but Im a bit disapointed. Its good but it has nothing special or unique. The gameplay wasnt enough to make me come back to it.
76561197975452899,Recommended,227220,8981394,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,SecretAznManXXX,"Just got 100% of the achievements. Finally~! This game is not easy and the learning curve is quite steep. The planning takes more time than the actual execution. However to me, that's extremely rewarding. Typically this type of foresight is reserved mainly for tanks and troops ie military. But this pleasant game made it work fantastically. I hope these guys are cooking up something else! Can't wait!"
76561197994753759,Recommended,227220,8957558,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,robdoggiii,Very good indie game. Fun strategy game section mixed with an action game. Great setting and story too!
76561197988012862,Recommended,227220,8895776,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,mendel,"Since this is on sale, a short first impression: Sand-Froid has an intriguing storyline with nice athmosphere and music. The gameplay is divided into strategic planning (i.e. setting traps, managing money and action points) and fighting wolves with an axe and a front-loader rifle, ideally making strategic use of the traps you set in the previous phase. If strategy appeals to you, do not be afraid to play as Jack.The game owes some of its mechanics to tower defense with a hero, but it transcends those in ways that give it much more flexibility and promise to make it much more interesting. That is mostly because the enemy waves have objectives and no fixed paths, and the player can influence them in various ways.The game is fairly simple toget the hang of if you know to WASD your way around at night. I don't expect Sang-Froid to have the depth of a ""serious"" strategy game because this game seems aimed at the discerning casual gamer, but I'm confident that however ""casual"" the experience might turn out to be, it's going to be enjoyable. Recommended."
,Recommended,227220,9130804,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,[53rd] Karl,"One of the best games I've played in my entire life. While it can be really challenging to players used to this type of games, It will still be enjoyable for new players"
76561198056904097,Recommended,227220,9691073,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,xXCaptainRobotXx,i Love this Gameeee
76561197963356144,Recommended,227220,8901846,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,=|NLP|=,"challenging both in strategy and action. i highly enjoyed the story... which completely makes up for the corny looking 3D models. plays smoothly and really feels like a well thought out game. tutorial videos were very informative. music was enjoyable and didn't get repetitive. lots of different skill trees and weapon/item load outs to pick from.it's a ""think quick, act quicker"" kind of game that's loads of fun!"
76561198109339219,Recommended,227220,8947200,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Armatuscrypta,"Overall was a fun and interesting game and worth buying. Especially if you can get it on sell.Loved the fact that the planning aspect of the game just didn't make the game easier to complete the levels, but is necessary to even have a chance to survive.The storyline, voice acting, and ""cut-scenes"" are to be excepted of a indie developed game. Nothing fancy but it gets the job done at the end of the day. This is by far the weakest part of the game.The game itself is well designed otherwise.The traps, the defenses you plan during the day, are simple to understand and use. The combat, while it may take a few levels to master, is effective. Lastly, the achievement system is simple yet effective.The game is also the first of at least two planned games. Personally, I'm looking forward towards the next game in the series.Review based on roughly 25 hours played, two playthroughs, with both brothers, and 100% achievements completed."
76561198052349201,Recommended,227220,9423377,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Zanderxi,"This game has lot of great things going for it.  Most of all is story line, it brings an orginal story to life in its gameplay.  The music in the game also make the game fun.  The sound track seems to draw you in to the game which is somthing i've rearly experiance with a game.  the reply vaule is also good.  i like the idea that there are multiple ways to solve each night.  I hope to see a co-op feature added to this seriers."
76561198040372649,Recommended,227220,10325987,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,I'm a solid 7.5/10,"Please ignore the english voice actors and the character animations.  Underneath those rough edges is an incredibly innovative, very detailed, extremely challenging game that will beat your♥♥♥♥♥senseless and leave you feeling weak and outnumbered like the pathetic human you are, as you frantically load another bullet in your POS musket while a pack of wolves circles you.  How can you say no to ziplining through the frozen north to detonate exploding barrels in the faces of wendigoes, or chopping werewolves to pieces with your trusty axe?  Be a man, buy this game, and fight off evil to the grooviest french canadian sountrack you've ever heard."
76561198053281278,Recommended,227220,9655997,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,OPC,"WIcked fun, difficult and multi leveled gameplay. Highly recommend!"
76561198038398765,Recommended,227220,9702623,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Mr Bear Hat,This is one of the best strategy games ever and the best one i have ever played it blends tower defence and action perfectly there is really only one thing that this misses is co-op but still this game is a definite must buy :)
,Recommended,227220,9299609,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,M@Ry-J /A\®,Bon ptit jeu strategique...Pis c'est Québécois!
,Recommended,227220,9236590,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Juste,"This game is a different kind of tower defence.You use the night to set up traps to kill or impede the werewolves and other beasts, and then you have to finish what's left off yourself.This requires you to plan and make a strategy each night, which is really cool, thinking about how best to lure the max amout of werewolves into the most efficient trap and how many you can beat with your axe to save money.The story is charming and the game oozes charm and atmosphere, though the voice acting is fairly bad.If you want a different kind of tower defence game, and want to beat up werewolves with an axe, then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,227220,9839623,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Dr. Dogstreet,"Interesting fusion of strategy, tower defence and 3rd person action wrapped up with a quirky theme which is overall an enjoyable experience and worth a look if you want something different!The game has you taking the role of one of two brothers defending initially their cabin, but eventually a number of buildings and locations throughout a forest from ever increasing waves of wolves, werewolves and other mythical  creatures. Gameplay is split into two phases:Day Phase: This is basically the 'setup' you are presented with a map of the forest showing the spawn locations, number and targets of the various enemies you will face during the night. From here you can set traps, or place other structures to help you survive the night. You can visit shops to buy new equipment which the money you earn and spend skill points which are unlocked by levelling up your character to give you bonus abilities.Night Phase: During the night you must take control of your character to enact you plan by running around the forest, springing the traps you have set and taking on the enemies in combat (both gun based and melee).The game provides a good variety of enemies, each with different strengths and weaknesses to plan for, and a range of traps allowing you to pick your tactics. The 'Lumberjack' theme is nicely carried through the game in the art style of the menus and the soundtrack. The 3rd person combat is a little clunky, but is designed to keep you thinking tactically rather than just charging into a group with your axe.The game certainly has negative points which might put some people off. The story is overly complicated, fairly non-nonsensical and unnecessary. The voice acting/dialogue in the cut-scenes isn't amazing and in general I didn't like the way it was told, mostly in dull dialogue between characters. Occasionally there would be a cut scene represented in a kind of hand-drawn animation style (completely different to everything else) which actually worked really well and I can't help but think the game designers should have had a simpler story, but stuck to this style.The loading times are also quite long and although you can restart a mission at 'dusk' with all your traps in the same place, you still have to go back to the planning screen, start the night, go through the inventory screen, wait for the level to load  and click through any cut-scenes before you can make another attempt at a mission you failed, which gets annoying if you make a few mistakes early on in a mission."
,Recommended,227220,12541759,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,TBBle,"It's an interesting take on the Tower Defense with Combat Avatar hybrid style of game, giving a lot of choice in each level as to the emphasis you want to place on traps or melee combat. The cut-scenes really really need an 'advance dialog line' button, but I haven't quite brought myself to skip them unseen."
76561197969417125,Recommended,227220,353366,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,G00N3R,"Sangfroid is an action-tower defence game, like Orcs Must Die, but with more emphasis on tactical planning. It has some neat ideas that provide a fresh experience within the genre. You're a 19th century Canadian lumberjack, and your home is under attack by werewolves and other mystical creatures. Each level is split into two parts, day and night. During the day you can see which enemies you'll face, and which path they'll take. You can place traps, spend XP on upgrades, and visit town to buy weapons and equipment. Then you fight at night, using your traps and 3rd person combat. You can't place any new traps, your gun reloads slowly and melee attacks reduce your stamina. But this is good, because it really forces you to think ahead and carefully plan every move. The difficulty curve is nicely balanced. The story is good, but sadly the voice acting is awful, and graphics are not fantastic. Its very stable, and I got 9 hours from one playthrough, so I'm happy with value for money."
,Recommended,227220,4015299,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,jungle.james,"Play as one of two Québécois brothers and help them in defending their 19th century Canadian farmland from sprites, demons, and as the title would suggest, werewolves. Highlights are a superb musical score, variety of historical weapons, full RPG and economics system, and an overall unique aesthetic.I would say this game surpasses ""Orcs Must Die!"" in quality."
76561197995956770,Recommended,227220,8449269,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Astrav1,"Absolutely.  Fun game that challenges the mind and reflexes with strategy and action.  It also has fantastic music and a setting that you don't see very often.  Despite not having the most polish, this game's atmosphere works very well.  The only downside that was immediatly apparent was the voice acting.  Even then it didn't take away from the game.  Everyone who can should buy this game."
,Recommended,227220,12404440,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,BOB,"I bought it on sale, and from the first looks it felt kinda boring but now every time I want to skip some usual big name games I go back to Sang-Froid, indeed this soundtrack and well suited atmosphere makes you look like Davy Crockett, except u kill Werewolves. Story is written in some fairly made cutscenes with low level actors, but it is all together packed nicely for a relax trip to snowy wastelands. This game actually reminds me on my childhood. When I were 10 yrs old I loved cartoon made novels by Sergio Bonelli Editore S.p.a. (Zagor Te Nej, Blek Stena, Komadant Mark). Love them now and I highly recommend game for late night before sleep fun time."
,Recommended,227220,29957717,Posted: 16 February,all,DjGodary86,The only correction I would make is that the minimum system req. should be an i5 with a decent graphic card because on a dualcore this game is unplayable. While the game's graphics are dated it does look like it belongs on a dualcore but sadly it doesn't work well on it.
76561198038637592,Recommended,227220,12792290,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,beefcsia,This game was a party! I loved it. Very unique game play with just the right mix of serious and cheesy. The game play really can't be explained you need to watch the steam video to understand it. The video makes it seem crazy hard but the game itself eases you into it plenty well. If I had any complaint it was that the game just isn't long enough.Actually because it is a short game I can not recommend it at full price. I beat the game in about 7 hours. So even playing both brothers the game is still worth more than $1 per expected hour of game play. It was a good enough game I'll play it again but not any time soon.Verdict - Get it for sale under $5 and you'll love it (It has gone under $5 at least twice to my knowledge so it does happen)
,Recommended,227220,12732811,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Oga,"Very instresting game, nice mixture of a couple gametypes and a strong storyline.It's easy for a long time, but gets tougher all of a sudden just at the moment where you start to think if ""this is all"".Well made game, even though I didn't spend much time on it yet, I love it."
,Not Recommended,227220,9256181,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,unbrokenngaming,"Didn't enjoy this game at all unfortunately, the CONSTANT tutorials every 2minutes through-out the entire game got on my nerves, completely turned me off it.Lost interest in the Story also, and the gameplay was just not all that fun for me.Oh well.."
,Recommended,227220,1880909,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,fR0z3n.s0u1,"Absolutely fabulous! A mix of good story, nice gameplay and great folk music."
,Recommended,227220,19764785,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Jason Dixon UGR,Here's a video review i did on my Vintage Realms og Gaming channelhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nvm7InB706g
,Recommended,227220,9715307,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Nick Tamaire,"http://lantredugeek.com/pc-sang-froid-un-conte-de-loups-garous/Qu'est-ce que ce jeu?Le principe de base de Sang-Froid est assez simple; les deux frères devront protéger leur sœur contre les hordes de monstres que le diable leur envoie la nuit. Pour ce faire, ils devront utiliser l'environnement qui les entoure à leur avantage et préparer de savants pièges et outils qui leur permettront de tenir une nuit de plus. Passons au travers des quelques éléments qui constituent ce magnifique jeu;http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zK0yF8EDGlA&hd=1Les deux frères / niveaux de difficultéSangFroid_Feuille-PersonnageEn commençant votre partie, vous aurez le choix de jouer l'un des deux frères (Jacques ""Ti-Jack"" et Joseph ""Ti-Jos"" O'Carroll). Les deux frères représentant les deux niveaux de difficulté du jeu; Facile/Difficile. En jouant avec Jacques O'Carroll (le mode difficile), vous serez un chasseur agile et rusé. Vous devrez faire preuve d'ingéniosité à l'aide de vos trappes et de votre fusil de chasse, étant plus faible physiquement que votre autre frère, la ruse sera votre meilleure arme! En jouant avec Joseph O'Carroll (le mode facile), vous serez un fier bûcheron fort et robuste. Vos coups de hache seront forts et puissants, il est également important de remarquer vous aurez beaucoup plus de facilité à résister aux attaques de vos ennemis. Les deux personnages auront accès aux mêmes actions, objets et arbres de compétences. Cependant, les différences se joueront au niveau de la résistance physique, de la force de frappe avec la hache, de la précision aux armes à feu ainsi que l'agilité de chaque personnage. Tandis que l'un sera beaucoup plus résistant, l'autre devra garder ses distances. Et alors que l'un possède une meilleure maîtrise de l'arme à feu, l'autre devra se préférer l'utilisation de sa fidèle hache.La phase de préparations (le jour)SangFroid_Jour-MonstresLe jour, c'est votre période de préparation. Vous aurez accès à une carte détaillée de l'environnement dans lequel vous allez combattre. Sur ladite carte régionale, vous aurez la possibilité de voir des cartes de monstre vous permettant de planifier vos défenses grâce aux prédictions de votre petite sœur, Joséphine. Ces cartes vous permettront de connaître chaque type de monstre, l'endroit d'où ceux-ci débuteront leur attaque, leur trajectoire ainsi que leur but final. Une mission se déroule généralement sur deux tours (ou plus), les prévisions de Joséphine vous permettront également de connaître d'avance l'ordre d’apparition des monstres pour chaque tour.SangFroid_Jour-TrappesPour vous défendre contre les monstres, vous aurez la possibilité de placer des pièges de toutes sortes pour vous aider dans votre tâche; appâts pour ralentir certaines créatures, feux-de-joie pour effrayer certaines créatures, murs de feu pour changer la trajectoire de vos ennemis, trappes-à-ours, et plus encore! Chaque monstre possède ses faiblesses, et ce sera votre travail de savoir quels pièges sont les plus appropriés aux situations dans lesquelles vous vous retrouverez. Pour installer un piège ou une installation, vous devriez utiliser vos sous ainsi que vos points d'action. Après un certain point dans le jeu, vous serez dans la mesure d'échanger vos points d'action contre des sous supplémentaires en coupant du bois.SangFroid_Magasin-GeneralPendant la préparation de vos défenses pour la nuit, vous aurez également la chance de visiter le village de Val-aux-loups afin de faire quelques emplettes aux différents magasins du village. Vous pourrez y acheter armes, balles pour vos armes à feu, objets de guérison, etc. Afin de pouvoir faire vos achats, vous devrez utiliser les sous que vous aurez amassé au courant de vos dernières aventures. (Vous aurez des sous pour chaque monstre que vous aurez tué, pour chaque mission complétée, ou bien en vendant du bois.)Une fois que vous êtes préparés, il ne vous reste plus qu'à attendre que la nuit se lève.La phase de combat (la nuit)SangFroid_NuitEt la nuit, c'est là que l'action commence! Vous aurez un petit laps de temps pour déplacer votre personnage là où vous le souhaitez avant que la première vague d'attaque ne commence. Par la suite, vous devrez vous assurer que chaque créature a bien été tuée pour sauter à l'étape suivante. Pour ce faire, vous pourrez activer certaines trappes manuellement (pièges de roches suspendues, feux-de-joie, etc.) ou bien attaquer les créatures directement à l'aide de votre hache et de votre fusil.En combat, vous pourrez courir et sauter, faire des roulades pour esquiver les attaques, lancer de puissants cris pour attirer les créatures au loin ou effrayer les créatures tentant de vous attaquer, attaquer vos ennemis à coups de hache, tirer à coups de fusil, utiliser les objets que vous aurez achetés au magasin ou même tomber en rage quelques secondes afin d'asséner des coups encore plus puissants aux monstres qui veulent votre peau. Faites attention à votre barre d'énergie; chaque fois que vous faites une action physique (coup de hache, courir, rouler, etc.), vous utiliserez une certaine quantité d'énergie. Une fois la barre vidée, vous serez exténué, et deviendrez une proie facile. Il est important de prendre de petites pauses lorsqu'il est possible pour éviter que cela n'arrive!Une fois que vous aurez anéanti toutes les vagues de monstres, vous aurez complété la mission. Vos récompenses en sous vous seront alors distribuées, et vous pourrez attaquer le prochain jour pour de nouveaux défis. Il est important de noter que chaque nuit apporte de nouveaux monstres ou de nouvelles possibilités/mécaniques de jeu qui vous demanderont de pouvoir vous adapter rapidement.Qualité graphique, artistique et sonoreSangFroid_ChargementCertes, les graphismes du jeu ne sont pas les plus beaux, et ce, même si vos paramètres sont au maximum. Les modèles utilisés pour représenter les personnages et les créatures font un boulot très convenable et du moins, le jeu n'est pas laid. L'ambiance générale et le style artistique de Sang-Froid nous permettent d'oublier très facilement les quelques lacunes côté modélisation, textures et animations.SangFroid_DiscussionsMalgré le style artistique intéressant de Sang-Froid, le jeu possède une grosse lacune côté doublage. Malgré le fait que les voix francophones utilisent un français d'antan (ce qui facilite l'immersion d'ailleurs), nous avons l'impression que les acteurs lisent directement un livre sans regarder l'animation des personnages. Également, il est important de noter qu'il n'y a pas beaucoup de cinématiques dans le jeu, le jeu utilisant plus ou moins le même principe que les jeux de ""nouvelles interactives"" où l'image des personnages est placée au-dessus d'une boîte de texte. Seule différence est que chaque texte est accompagné d'une voix, et que l'image est remplacée par un modèle 3D quelque peu animé.ConclusionSang-Froid est la preuve que le Québec est capable de grandes choses dans le monde du jeu vidéo. Le petit studio indépendant d'Artifice Studios a su créer un petit bijou que tous les amateurs de jeux de stratégie devraient se procurer. L'univers utilisé pour le jeu est unique et utilise une époque peu exploitée par l'industrie, ce qui lui donne un charme exceptionnel. La qualité graphique du jeu est un peu basse, mais le style artistique de celui-ci nous fait rapidement oublier ces quelques lacunes. Le jeu ne possède pas de modes multijoueurs, mais offre tout de même un excellent facteur plaisir. Nous vous conseillons de vous le procurer dès maintenant!HISTOIRE/NARRATION - 8.5UNIVERS/CONSISTANCE - 10PERSONNAGES/ENNEMIS - 9QUALITÉ GRAPHIQUE - 8QUALITÉ SONORE - 9QUALITÉ INTELLIGENCE ARTFICIELLE - 8.5FACTEUR REJOUABILITÉ - 7.5FACTEUR DIFFICULTÉ - 7FACTEUR INNOVATION - 8.5"
76561198005004458,Recommended,227220,26407785,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Banana,I Need the Second part !Good game multiple choice to do the game traps or hands !Good story line and voices for the game !Very good job !
,Recommended,227220,3539800,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Zeemond,"Buy as soon its on sale, it is a GOOD game, perfect mashup of action and story, Its even more awesome if played in french which is very rare by my experience. The unique Tower Defense mecanism and gameplay opportunities should get you guys going, do it! NOW! ..get going!ok seriously, a bit more information. You play as one of 2 brothers (easy mode bro and hard mode bro) and try to stop the big evil's minions from taking your sis, by using colonial era weapons/guns, native magic and traps, while cutting woods on the side to finance everything. The game offer a talent tree as a form of progression and multipe building to defend.The way the game speparate itself from others will be a few specific mechanics, such as: intimidation, scent.Many of the enemies are wolves or similar beasts, and depending on the wind, they might sniff you out from far away, which can be used to your advantage.. or completely ruin your day. When wolves and similar creatures find you, they surround you as a pack, and you might have to fight your way out of the pack one wolf at a time, it isint just a bunch of wolves rushing you, bring a torch to scare them.can you survive the weeks and save your sis from the wolves?-Lost"
,Recommended,227220,1548889,"Posted: 12 April, 2013",all,Maritan,"I’m a lumberjack and I’m all right,I work all day and kill wolves all night!Seriously, a fascinating game."
76561197969225362,Recommended,227220,8407522,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Drec,Very nice gameplay.Strategy and action rolled into one
76561198062292569,Recommended,227220,8469733,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,kilowatt_wgl,"Two of my favorite genres; hack and slash, and tower defense; respectively had a baby....it was this game"
76561197980349240,Recommended,227220,8585446,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,lipnox88,the customer support for this game is amazing.
,Recommended,227220,8493427,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,StarCommando,its like dynasty warriors but with werewolves and defence planning against waves of enemies much like dungeon defenders.  awesome game!
,Recommended,227220,8516464,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,luke_xd,Great mix between strategy and action gameplay. Probably wouldn't pay full price but definitely worth it if on offer!
76561197966480061,Recommended,227220,11233906,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,spellfire,think this is the perfect example of a smallish team creating a game that realy plays to the strengths of the indi market it is not your AAA game and in many ways its better for not being this game has a strong story well told in a charming art styleIts got strong game machanics it is a trap defence game love how the gun is more a tool than a weapon because of long load timesI think some of the desissions would be to risky for most AAA titals but have made a game that stands out from the crowd bit quirky maybe not to alls tastes but definatly to mine realy looking forwards to epesode 2
,Recommended,227220,9277737,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Pickler,excellent Canada simulator
,Recommended,227220,28001588,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Qui-Gon Booze,"I have not played this game in awhile, but I wanted to give a review in light of the possibility of increasing its visibility via Steam nominations.  I have played no other games in this genre, but many compare it to the Orcs Must Die series.  This game combines elements of FPS, tower defense, and RPG wrapped in a beautiful package inspired by obscure history and folklore.  Combining Quebecois and indigenous folkloric elements in a mid-nineteenth century milieu, there is no setting like it.  This is very refreshing in a culture industry where ""generic high fantasy"" is now ubiquitous and passe, often falling back on Tolkien without understanding what makes his oeuvre magisterial and immortal.  Some have criticized the voice acting for a lack of polish, but it has a heartfelt community theater style that charms, entertains, and fits this project.  The stakes and tension in the story grow steadily to fever pitch, and the cliffhanger left me wanting more immediately.  There are several mechanics and ways to play, so you can experiment with different styles-guns, potions, traps, magic-in each playthrough.  The tight time and resource management in some missions and the overall arc heightened the sense of excitement and urgency and the need to engineer a perfect defensive strategy.  I preordered it for $13.49 years ago and still believe it would be worthwhile at even twice the price.  It is just that fun and unique.  The only real criticism I have is that the game is not well optimized and is slow to load initially, but I think it is a triumph when considering the time and resources available to such a small team.I very much hope more attention and sales give the developers the wherewithal to forge ahead and make the sequel this game so richly deserves."
,Recommended,227220,17614278,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Hacker Chogi1337,Got it for 19p.10/10
76561198048471962,Recommended,227220,10354785,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,MagicFishMan,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing perfect. Only thing i didn't like was the animation on characters, but it was like that probably because of low budget developers had."
,Recommended,227220,10476707,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Lompa,"eh it was worth it when it was a dollar 50 so i would be in the middle and the parts of the game where people talk, you cannot skip or speed up so its kinda gay"
,Recommended,227220,22189289,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,Control is little clunky but definitely fun.
,Recommended,227220,8790500,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,uni,"Refreshing indie game with unique concept.  Tower defense meets action and it works really great.  Good story and gameplay, nice skill tree, funny shoping between missions in village and indian camp. You must think before you act."
76561198117737153,Recommended,227220,9791238,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,gavin_wills86,"A massively under-rated game. I would recommend this game to anyone! I picked it up in a sale and haven't regretted it. I haven't been brave enough to try it on hard yet but standard difficulty is challenging enough without it becoming to stressful- trying to get to all of your buildings in time to protect them.A really good range of enemies and defenses, I would have liked some better weapons, you don't really need any other axe than the first one. I liked the levelling system, as you can't purchase every perk it makes you personalise your character to your style of play.10/10"
,Recommended,227220,8547244,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Saint,"The soundtrack to this game is actually pretty good, if your into irish/folk music.other then the soundtrack this is one of the weirdest games iv ever played. its just odd. weird storyline, weird animation, and weird characthers make it for a very interesting experience.The one thing i absolutely didnt like about this game was its lengthy tutorials that auto-played every 5 steps that ran you through every single icon, every bar, every enemy, every attack, etc. it was getting kindof annoying6/10"
76561198076813083,Recommended,227220,9865571,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Luaswolf,"great game! everything looks really nice, and the gameplay is very unique in which you have a tower defense setup phase and then you actually go in and fight to defend too. highly recommended to anyone who likes tower defense games."
76561198045758384,Recommended,227220,10192786,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Ardis,"Very rarely do I write reviews for games but I felt this one deserved it. This game takes several elements from my favorite genres (RPGs, Strategy, Action/Adventure) and puts them all into one very well-done package. The decisions you make when leveling and planning your strategies are tough and have real consequences on the outcome of the game. Often times you are on your toes trying to get from one place to another on the map and the sense of urgency during the nights you are trying to survive is persistent and effective. The story was very interesting and keep me playing. I almost beat this game in one sitting to find out what was happening. It is a unique and dark story line set in the late 1850s and the time period and setting really add to the story being told. Gameplay elements are good, there are a few small bugs but nothing that really got in my way of enjoying the game. The graphics are simple but they work-it is an indie game but deserves way more attention. There are hand-drawn cutscenes from time to time that add to the experience. You will hear several people talk about the music in this game and let me say they are not wrong in stating it is excellent. I loved it so much I tracked down the artists online and will be buying the albums. They are all French so it was a bit of a hunt but the music is so good it didn't bother me. I hope to see a sequel to this at some point. I would highly recommend this game, especially when on sale."
,Recommended,227220,9695235,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,McKris,"It has folk music, werewolves, alcohol and angry Canadians. What more could you wish for?"
76561197988737056,Recommended,227220,9717464,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Aido,great game and a steal for the price
,Recommended,227220,8826018,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,TheSaltPriest,"A nifty little take on tower defense in the same vein as Orcs Must Die!, Sang-Froid offers up a healthy dose of enemy variety, strategy, and just plain fun.  The cutscene work is very shoddy, but if you can look past it you'll find a great game."
,Recommended,227220,8991109,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,[GWJ] Yonder,"An excellent RPG/Tower Defense hybrid. While I find that many Tower Defense games that put you into the action become to frenetic and less tactical, Sang-Froid gives a good balance of personal action and methodical strategy. The gameplay elements built on top of the tower defense elements (enemy fear, sound, wind) provide interesting strategy choices as well as really helping the thematic feel of the game.All in all it's really well done, fits together, and is a lot of fun, I'd definitely recommend it."
76561198129428518,Recommended,227220,9768352,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,"Davis ""the Cyborg""",Superb game from beginning to end!The story and are art design is great but the way the game makes you think strategically about how/where to set your traps each night is what I love most about it. If there's a next installment I'm definitly getting it.The wolves are coming!Keep your whits... and your AXE... sharp!
,Recommended,227220,10326040,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Prowler™,Its a defence game with a funny storyYou get to axe things and make barrel explodeIts 98% off which means they pay you if you sell the cards
,Recommended,227220,30087353,Posted: 21 February,all,Kuboko,"Good game, but little repetivtive after some time."
,Recommended,227220,3786802,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Koodipuukko,Nice tower defense game similar to Sanctum and Dungeon Defenders with a unique setting.
,Not Recommended,227220,9751737,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Bear-Kibble,"I love the premise of  the game but feel let down on several issues. The camera angles are either too far in or at an odd angle, the combat feels very clunky and the game runs poorly."
76561198009593918,Not Recommended,227220,15569409,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Veevslav,"They hard coded a delay into the load screen. I should not have to wait for 30 seconds everytime the game loads. I bought an SSD for a reason.Further problems with the game, I will be in the middle of an Axe combo with full stamina and the combo will stop randomly and my axe wont be able to swing for a while."
76561198015257791,Not Recommended,227220,8893565,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Lucky,"Brilliant concept, I enjoy how this game addresses how one could face off against multiple opponents through the use of intimidation. However, I do not recommend you get this game because the execution of this one great idea is poor and is not focused upon. Most of the time you will be running between control points babysitting them.Really wanted more from this gameplay, very sad. Oh and the rest of the game (cinematics, RPG elements) is laughable. To the creators I'd say fantastic job on trying to do something new, I never found a bug or a readily abusable exploit. A game I would love is in here but too much running from point A to point B to guard buildings made of wet tissue paper."
,Not Recommended,227220,8886696,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,WHAM,"A mythic tale of a frontier town, a farmstead, two brothers and a cursed sister, a priest, the devil and a horde of ferocious werewolves. Hell, that's a premise I wanted a piece of!Alas, Sang-Froid is a good idea that lacks in execution in just about every way. The story is nicely thought out, but let down by crude visuals and all-around shoddy voice acting. The gameplay, which promises setting traps and fighting werewolves quickly shows it's true colours, revealing a simple yet quite unfair hack'n'slasher with fickle trap-setting underneath. The combat is hard, but for all the wrong reasons: your attacks do little damage unless boosted with some booze, your gun is next to useless against most enemies, the traps only affect some enemies and not all of them and while you wail away at an enemy that hides and regenerates health faster than you can kill it, another group of enemies has burned down a critical building on the other side of the map, causing you to have to restart the night!I wanted to like Sang-Froid, but I just couldn't. It's a small-budget project trying to be a big-budget project, and the shortcomings bring it down like a house of cards.Playtime: 4+ hours (ongoing)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 5Audio: 4Story: 7Gameplay: 7Overall: 5"
76561198025008414,Not Recommended,227220,9002734,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Sigrún,"Enjoyable gameplay with good atmosphere. I enjoyed the trap laying and excecution aspects of the game. I do not recommend this game, though. The reason being that it contains some of the worst writing and the very worst voice acting I have ever witnessed anywhere. Storyline could be passable were it not for the instantly despisable characters and their pathetic attempts at emotion. Perhaps if you can ignore such aspects, you might enoy this game but if the story and its pieces mean anything to you, avoid it."
76561197993407356,Not Recommended,227220,8945930,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Captain Camper,"This game has a great premise and some great music. The old French Canadian life on the frontier with appropriately cultural music is a very original idea.Unfortunately, the gameplay is extremely clunky and clearly programmed by amateur developers. The melee combat lacks proper animation, and there is nearly no satisfaction in making contact with enemies using your axe. The anmation suffers from that feeling where your animations are simply ""played"" when you perform a move, and don't feel connected to the game world at all.It's a shame that the game plays so poorly, as I was not inclined to explore it very far at all."
76561197994105865,Not Recommended,227220,8939968,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,RickOShae,Be aware this game does not support all monitor resolutions NOR does it support windowed mode.  Running a 2560x1440 and it looks terrible.   This issue has been noted to the developer since release 2013.  Still no fix.
76561198041026120,Recommended,227220,7834758,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Gorlom[Swe],"It's a very interesting take on a Towerdefense like strategy game played from the First Person view. One of the few I like. It doesn't get repetetive as such games usually does and has a rich story.I particularly like that you play different characters depending on the difficulty, so the story changes a little bit as well."
76561198110495358,Recommended,227220,12616804,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Alanbaked,"great game thumbs up couldve use a bit better voice acting but the game is fun,stratigic and exiting,notice the people whowrote bad reviews did not put in enough time to know that it is a real hidden gem  really hoping for a sequal"
76561198067825563,Recommended,227220,10759039,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,AwPanda,Really good game picked this up for 19p and sold a trading card 22p... What can i say :)
76561198030791529,Not Recommended,227220,24479288,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Thufir Hawat,"Interesting and novel gameplay, but bad execution. The game has a terrible load time and stutters on older machines, that should be able to handle such low-end graphics."
76561198005901768,Recommended,227220,8456295,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,evercrow,"Reading negative reviews,people seem to be comparing it with Orcs must Die and and condemning the lack of freedom. But that's exactly what appealed to me! Mind you ,i played with Jack on the first run(basically,hardest mode),and finding that perfect combination of traps,your combat presence,and sequence in which you deal with multiple waves was the best feeling(loved the zipline towers,allowed for more challenging maps).The ""fear"" mechanic brings much needed order and planning into combat,minimizing risk of botching a good run if you prepared beforehand.Don't forget that Orc Mus Die also have its ""perfect builds"",which you tend to fall back into and raise the tedium aspect.Overall, i recommend this for ""perfectionist"" type of players,who love tower defense genre,but just about ready to play more experimental mix. Don't worry, combat here is  more tactical then it tends to be in these types of games(Sanctum,OMD).PS:You mind need to work a bit on your aim though,reload times are crippling early on."
,Recommended,227220,8554431,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,TastyKitten,lots ofyifffun
,Recommended,227220,8459878,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SciBear,"Super fun, and quite original game..   Go for it!"
,Recommended,227220,8641559,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Fight Milk,The voice acting and story are amazing but the game itself is terrible.
76561198049553617,Recommended,227220,7900209,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Snowie Da Snow Leopard,Fun strategy little game very hard tho and i mean hard
,Recommended,227220,8436096,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ThatNoobishGamer,"Good gameplay, but the cut sceen animations need work."
,Recommended,227220,2873214,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,WaxxFetish,"This is a very original mashup of several different genres - a tower defender, an rpg and a TPP masher to name a few. If I had to name one game that is similiar to this one it would probably be Orcs Must Die!, but it is still very very different.Sang-Froid's setting is enough to make it stand out from the rest. The story being told takes us back to the times where the northern american settlers lived aside native indians. The player plunges into the role of one of the two O'Carroll brothers, forced to fight for the life of their ill sister and their own as well.Game consists of two distinct parts - the 'tactical' phase, taking place at dawn and the 'action' phase where our tactical plan is being put to test. Would you expect Orcs Must Die ! clone, you'd be up for a big suprise, a selection of deadly machines that chew, chop and incinerate mindless hordes of enemies is replaced by simplistic traps, overhang nets filled with stones and baits that only slow down your enemies. Most of the traps are disposed after being used and aside from a handful barely useful tools, they require to be set off manually with a painfully slow reloading rifle.Well, the game is difficult. An easy setting (represented by Joe, the burly O'Caroll brother) turns out to be nowhere near easy. On the other hand failure comes free-of-charge and you can repeat and rethink your tactics infinitely, as long as you're not satisfied with the success. There's nothing cheap about the challenge, not Borderlands 2 half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥design or numbers ridicule. It takes a bit of thought to survive each night, but it's both satisfying and rewarding once you make it.Obviously the game is not perfect. A little rough round the edges, some animations could be a tad more refined and so on - but that's nothing you wouldn't expect from an indie game coming from a very small studio. My biggest gripe is the awful voice acting which does nothing but hinders the story told. I'd glad with no va at all, in favour of the subtitles, unfortunately the option isn't there. On the other hand the folkish score is loveable and really adds to an already great package.Bottom line: buy it, these guys deserve your support. It's definitely worth it's current price-tag and getting it on sale is a no-brainer."
,Recommended,227220,7575987,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Grognard_87,"I am so pleased that I got this game greenlit, it's a amazing game. You play as one of the O'caroll brothers who ends up defending their sister from werewolves. In this game, the story of these werewolves and wolves is that they are under the control of the devil. Werewolves are created from souls of sinners that are expelled as they sleep and then merge into a wolf, creating the humanoid wolves you fight, but there are a range of other creatures to fight which have their own weaknesses and strengths in reguards to how traps effect them, in lures work and what might do more damage.The story is very good and the switching between axes (holy for one type, silver for others) and preparing traps makes the stategy all the more interesting. There are also three types of bullets. normal, holy and silver which have their uses, however the rifles they use are old fashioned musket rifles so you will need to make sure that one shot counts and kills whatever you are shooting at. The only things that let it down is it suffers from Brutal Legend's idea of replaying missions where if you do it, you erase all data of the missions you completed after that and so you can potentially farm xp or cash to help you in the final battle or just to improve yourself in the events, however unlike Brutal Legend you are given a clear warning before doing this. Buy this as soon as possible, I highly recommend it!"
76561198020220051,Not Recommended,227220,14367105,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Valenquest,Has potential... but didn't really live up to it to my mind.
,Not Recommended,227220,15408680,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,linuXlloyd,Won't play stuck at loading screen
,Recommended,227220,12987894,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Seneschul,"Fun strategy game with FPS qualities.The storyline is nifty but doesn't get in the way of the game play.It gets really tough, but totes fun.I haven't finished yet - but I'm going to finish even if it kills me, this game is that much fun and that much of an interesting toughness level."
76561198080975821,Recommended,227220,12694617,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,✠ Nevermore ✠,This game gives me goosebumps. Well written game and a bit hard. Would like to play sequal.
,Recommended,227220,10506097,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Mulder,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing hard, but great, 10/10 soundtrack okay graphics great take on tower defense where you get much more involved than just watching your towers do all the work like other games of the type."
76561198026340395,Recommended,227220,8873871,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,URANIUMTEDDY,"Amazing.Love the different aspects of theis game, the developers realy make you think about how you are going to plan the traps for the night to give you an edge over the monsters.And i love the fact that they make you pay dearly if you have misplaced a trap or a bait and you will have to mak do with your axe.Also making the main character waeker than the enimies is a great idea it realy makes you think that if you have to use hand to hand combat (or in this instance, axe to claw) you have to use every thing you can to get an advantag, from using your musket, making an attmept with your axe, or even luring your enemies to a trap that hasent been used.Also I love that you realy have to use anything to put distance between an army of werewolves and yourself and bonfires are the best to do so, because if you think that if just yur axe will get you through the night your are wrong.And having the buildins to protect is a great idea it makes the night less about making sure that the character lives and more about making sure the builds survive.All in all ""Sang Froid Tales Of Werewolves"" one of the best stratagies/action games I have ever played.Hope they release a sequal, remeber this is tome 1."
,Recommended,227220,8885442,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,benjamminlee,"Well, only 30 minutes in and seems promising. Very quirky, supernatural story.  Also, love the ♥♥♥♥ing music.I will update once I have put more time into this game.Update 1: Still loving the music. I really like the strategy/tower defense element of the game. You have to really plan your attacks. Otherwise everything will go to hell. The 3rd person control is a little janky, but it does the job. I also really like the little bit of story telling. It is comic book-esque."
,Recommended,227220,25516091,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Wild Mint λ,Setting traps and killing werewolves never been so good.
,Recommended,227220,8454389,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,flu0r,"""With solid PLANNING during the day...and cold EXECUTION at night...""Yeap, thats about it. Tower Defense game meets Third Person Shooter, the best of its kind EVER.Great and fresh game for such low price, don't belive me? Give it a try, they have a DEMO! =)"
,Recommended,227220,8459868,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,nickwizard,"Sang-Froid - Tales of Werewolves combines tower defense with wilderness survival horror and a little resource management/trade, and achieves this hefty little combo with style and panache.There are some truly original mechanics in the game, such as the ""fear factor"" that pits your own character's fear (or bravado) against that of the blood-hungry beasts of the night - when the werewolves pluck up enough courage, they will attack; this passing of time is represented by a meter on the HUD.  This mechanic can create some really tense moments as you frantically struggle to reload your flintlock rifle, or try to get away to a well booby-trapped spot on the farm before the hairy hordes close in for the kill.From historically accurate weapons and equipment to an easy to access resource management element, there is plenty to keep the player engrossed in many hours of werewolf bashing.  Oh, and did I mention this game has possibly one of the best (and most fitting) soundtracks I've heard?  Great fun, and at the time of posting this review a great price too."
76561197972057250,Recommended,227220,8519623,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Casper,One of my favorite games this year. Lots of fun and great music.
,Recommended,227220,8466156,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,AbnerKadabra,"For a couple dollars, it's an enjoyable experience so far. Different but interesting art style, good mix of RPG/strategy elements. Voice acting could be better."
,Recommended,227220,8514036,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SmurfN,"Compelling artwork, soundtrack and relatively unique gameplay features, makes this title a very enjoyable and relaxed experience."
,Recommended,227220,8244119,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Godzilla Blitz,"Unique combination of tactical planning, tower defense, and action. Really enjoyed this one. Sure, the artwork, story, and voice acting has an indie feel to it, but I thought they did a good job of using a moderate budget to convey a good gaming atmosphere. But it's the gameplay that made this one so rewarding and fun. Great effort! Thumbs up!"
76561198113599212,Recommended,227220,8523894,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Bakuryu,Really interesting game with good gameplay. The voice acting is so bad it's funny tought XD
76561197970752705,Recommended,227220,8563718,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,[US] President Obama,"Great game! Story is unique and refreshing! Combination of strategy and action. Story lasts about 9 hours and can take a bit more or less depending on how many times you need to restart a level due to bad trap placement. The combat is pretty basic, but the skill trees make your approach to the missions unique. Well done indie team!"
76561198045170717,Recommended,227220,8483430,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,AdmiralSwanson,"A really great game, its a really entertaining mash up of RPG, action, adventure, strategy. The music is a really good plus for me, really engaging folk music that fits really well with the feel of the game and I found myself bobbing along and becoming more immersed in the game everytime it came on.I'm a few hours in at the moment and its starting to get hard, and if I wanted I could make it even harder by choosing the other brother to play the story with, which by the way is really interesting as well. There are a few random moments where you think really? that just happened to happen? and some of the voice acting/cutscene animations are pretty bad but for me it doesnt take away from the gameplay at all.Its a very immersive game and will keep you coming back to play the next level. I hope there is significant amount of content ahead of me in terms of playtime and levels but even if not I still recommend it.Give it a try, it even has a demo, you don't want to miss out."
76561198036962737,Recommended,227220,8565065,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,SaintLewis,"I'd like to recommend this game to people that love supernatural stories like I do.Gameplay is pretty nice, it was fun for me to plan how you want to handle each day by laying traps first. And after that it's showtime. Things can go wrong, but it is pretty fun to change your tactics for better results or when things go wrong.And there is that one good song that got stuck in my head, love it when that song plays when you are beating the wolves.So my opinion is that Sang-Froid -Tales of Werewolves is a good game and I can't wait to see more."
,Recommended,227220,12493373,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Creator Of The Multiverse,I would realy like to download the sound track it would be great if you would relese it.
,Recommended,227220,12396282,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,tye.gilson,unique.. Easy to learn.. fun.. challenging. great music. this is a true gem.. 9 out of 10. easy.
,Recommended,227220,12831453,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,FuPlaayz - Twitch,Get it on sale when you have nothing else to play.
,Recommended,227220,27690385,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,m40,Nice plot and puzzles. Did not finish yet.
,Recommended,227220,8454913,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Kejsarn,"This is a really interesting game. As an action tower defense game you can't avoid comparing Sang-Froid to Orcs Must Die. However, these games are very different in gameplay and layout. In Sang-Froid you prepare all your traps before starting the level in contrast to OMD where you start the level and then place traps. In that manner Sang-Froid is a little more slow paced and not quite hectic as OMD, but enough with the comparison. Let's focus on Sang-Froid alone.The story isn't the strongest side of Sang-Froid and the same could be said about the voice acting and cut-scenes. On the contrary the music is really great and it's a perfect fit for the game. The surroundings and the environment also suits this game nicely. I really like the cold, snowy lumberjack theme. The game evolves around one single map which you play every mission. It could let you to believe it would get boring quickly, but the map changes enough along with the objectives that it doesn't feel boring.The traps offer a good variety of different killing possibilities. You can upgrade weapons and traps for the fur you sell after killing wolves or werewolves. You could also buy potions and other useful item between each level.What I would like to have seen is that when you play the game the second time with the other brother you know all traps, how the map works etc. but you have to listen to how to use the traps again. It would have been nice to have these things unlocked after you beat the game once. Also, a co-op mode would have been a nice feature. Perhaps in a sequel? Or as the story in this game turn out, a prequel would be more fitting...All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed this game and it was well worth the money."
,Recommended,227220,9026348,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Egbert Snafflecopter,"Think Orcs Must Die, but outdoors.  It really shows that it's an indie game at times (awful, awful voice acting) and the story is a bit nonsensical and meh, but it's fun enough. Some of the mechanics, particularly those related to how the enemies behave, are interesting.  Good idea, needs work, but worth it to pick up on sale like I did."
76561197971346963,Recommended,227220,9037810,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Wilq,"Great music, nice lore and story. Fun gameplay, sometimes very challenging. Perfect game for long winter nights :)"
,Recommended,227220,9039663,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Raggamuffin,"This is one of the best tower defense games I've ever played.  It has a decent story but where it really shines is the gameplay.  There are a health variety of ""towers"" which are a joy to use and the planning phase results in a deeper strategy element than you usually see.9/10Playtime: 8 hrs"
,Recommended,227220,9073773,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Tallima,"A creative werewolf fantasy tower-defense-like game where a combination of strategy and skill are needed to win the night. The story is smooth, the voice acting terrible and the game a pleasant delight."
76561197985761534,Recommended,227220,9106968,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Mateo,"A very enjoyable game!  If you are debating picking it up or not, pull the trigger (with some caveats)!A good comparison is Orcs Must DIe, but I enjoyed this game quite a bit more then Ocrs.  The trap placement/planning is certainly the highlight of the game; it makes suffering through the cut scene voice acting bareable.-My playtime was 11 hours-The game is not worth full retail but for half off and under ($7.50), I would do it (or if it is part of a bundle)-The difficulty has a nice ramp; it usually adds a new mechanic, enemy and or trap each level."
76561198019298038,Recommended,227220,11391739,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Eric,"Heeeeydam, tadydam, tadydadydam, tadydéy, tadydadydam, tadydamEInfach geil"
76561198075004126,Recommended,227220,17601259,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Dirtdiver1,This game provides a good combination of tower defense and slashing.  With a good story and amazing soundtrack.  I highly recommend this game.   I bought it on sale and was not dissappointed.
76561198041995956,Recommended,227220,9201399,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,bahamut66,"Sweet merciful heavens is this game weird.  And I love it.  Sang Froid is a strange beast.  I know it won't be for everyone, but for me, it was pure bliss.  The story is actually fairly unique, taking a different spin on the werewolf lore than the usual and throwing in some native american lore for good measure.  While it is a bit campy, it's fun and one of the most Canadian games in existence.  It has great flavor and atmosphere.But how is the combat?  In a word, clunky.  The game mixes setting traps, some automatic and some you have to trigger, alongside fighting in third person.  The traps are very cool, but the fighting itself is a bit awkward to get around, whether it's swinging your axe or aiming your gun.  However, if you can get past that, it is a ton of fun.  There are some ingenious mechanics, such as having to take into account how your scent is carried on the wind, the long load times of a musket rifle, and how afraid your enemies are of you.  This, combined with setting traps and planning your battles in the day, and actually fighting at night, makes for an addictive experience.Comes highly recommended.  I played through both campaigns and loved each of them."
,Recommended,227220,2008132,"Posted: 17 April, 2013",all,Combat Wordsmith,"This game is strangely terrifying. You fight werewolves. In the dark.  In Canada. And if you die in Canada, you die in real life."
,Recommended,227220,12168763,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Rusty Shackleford,This game is really scary and hard for me to play but it's good.
,Recommended,227220,8527050,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,StopError,One of the most original games I have seen in quite a while.  Definitely worth every penny.
76561198049981974,Recommended,227220,14161967,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Kusti,Just kill animals ....
,Recommended,227220,6281370,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineA Fantastic indie game! A fantastic story, fantastic gameplay, but poor on animations for the characters and enemies, hopefully Artifice Studios will fix that problem, also you will experience a certain amount of problems, like the game trying to verify the Steam integration which didn't work for almost 3 times and also you may experience cut scene problems that a certain Windows update causes, but overall a fun strategy gameRECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
76561198071223917,Recommended,227220,6641799,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Midnighter,"Great indie game that mixes action, strategy and RPG elements in a fantastic way. It's challenging but very rewarding."
76561198035946000,Recommended,227220,25913987,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,GolovA,A bit too simplistic and rough on the edges.  Still delivers a solid and fun gameplay.  Although i had no wishes to replay as the other character after finishing the first go through.
,Recommended,227220,208062,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,melikeum,Very entertaining action/tower defence hybrid. Lots of strategy involved with placing your traps. A totally realistic portrayal of Canada in the 19th century.
,Recommended,227220,1087686,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,Xaris,"This game god damn rocks. You can have nuns bless your weapon and drink whiskey to shout at werewolves and scare them away. Plus you have single-shot muskets, bear traps, holy trees that shoot werewolves, oh yeah and ziplines.It's basically Orcs Must Die but set in the 1800s and with werewolves, whiskey, and muskets. It's really well done and has plenty of traps and things to upgrade. Major complaints is that cutscenes suck and voice acting is atrocious, but otherwise it's solid."
,Recommended,227220,952893,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,Strudel,"So froid, so good."
,Recommended,227220,2257544,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,VeTaL,One of the best indie games ever. Gameplay is original and interesting.
76561197994799490,Recommended,227220,1564059,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,Kaspion,"Bloody amazing!Really good payoff, great storytelling and well working gamemechanics. Just enthralling.Also, the voiceacting, music and sounddesign? They are so perfectly done, it begs to question if this is really ""just"" an Indie!"
,Recommended,227220,7896051,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,SEINE STOUFFIGKEIT,Great Game!Well thought through and highly motivating.Elemtents ofTower defense and action RPG combined to a really good game.
76561198059394733,Recommended,227220,8081943,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Depressed Weeb,it's an awesome game that combines combat and strategy. And THERE IS WEREWOLVES ^_^
,Recommended,227220,7856245,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ChiggenWingz,"Having a bit of fun with this. Voice acting and dialogue are much of a muchness, but gameplay wise its pretty funky. Something different also from your standard scfi or mythology setting."
,Recommended,227220,5983023,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,PaulDoymin,9/10
,Recommended,227220,7886918,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Dr.Jizmo,Super Spooky Game!
76561198023133803,Recommended,227220,9247702,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Gir Fan,"In my opinion it is a gem in the sewers of clones stininking up the market. A granted the cutsences are about as entertaining as a puppet show. But you once you look past that it is a rock solid tower defence. It can get edgy when you know one missed shot on a rockfall could mean the diffrence between wolf kababs and getting mauled to the respawn. I played the less durable of the two brothers for a hardy game experince and don't regret it.Pro: Truely unique tower defence. Nothing feels more fufilling then having everything go as planed. Or on edge when things fall apart. In relaton to lining up the crosshairs and clicking M1 on a generic FPS with helth reguvination.Pro: Uniqe game mechanics. Not wanting to spoil to much, but lets just say I wish I could wash the wolf blood off when the wind picks up.Pro: Imersive as I said nothing is more on edge when a single shot gone wrong or a trap not going as planed ruin the plan set. Or hacking your way out of a 6 wearwolf choir when you realize you forgot the bait.Pro: Beautyful music and great audio quality.Con: Puppeter cuttsences. And bland perdictable dialog. Could be improved using accents or slang from the era.Con: Combat can get sticky even with full fatige. Hitboxes can get hit and miss. Comparing the hitbox registration to TF2 or Day of DoD. though it is slightly better.Con: Not much replay value its just the story line. No sandbox, endurence, multiplayer, or much customization. Granted the game is emersive I just don't have the urge to play it again.Still I got 10-12 hours out of the game. So did I have as much fun as going to the movie theator or more fun then the amout of ice cream sandwiches? That awnser is yes."
76561198152738025,Recommended,227220,29928067,Posted: 14 February,all,crafty,Best tower defence/action game ever
,Recommended,227220,24762820,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,BlackBaron,"There is nothing quite like it, give it a try!"
,Recommended,227220,12665309,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Mango MK2,"A very challenging game where you cant just count on traps to kill the wolves, and that is what makes it fun"
,Recommended,227220,7399943,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,YukoValis,"Here is the most canadian game ever made, and what a joy it is to play.  If you liked Orcs must die, you will probably love this game.  Each day you prapare your battle plan, set up traps, study enemy routes, and spend the rest of your time getting a bit of money for weapons and gear.Then night falls..  What follows is then a hectic, fast paced dance of blood and steel as you run around activating each part of your plan, seeing it in motion, and hopefully killing your foes before they destroy everything.This is not an easy game, but when you survive a night by the skin of your teeth, burying your axe into the last enemy, it will be a victory worth cheering."
,Recommended,227220,34939142,Posted: 13 September,all,Sabreman,"I am a lumberjack and I'm okay!I hunt all night and I chop alllllAAAGGHGHGSHSRHLLLL.. {killed by werewolf}Sang-Froid. Currently free for reasons I have no understanding of, but well worth the original full asking cost.I would try to include some critical realism about the game’s shortcomings, which do exist, but I literally write silly songs for this game when it goes on sale, so I’m just going to pretend this game is made entirely of awesome.I don't have to pretend hard. This game drips atmosphere and charm, even if the graphics seem a tad cartoony and the English voice acting is... passable, at best. Might be better in French; the game is fully subtitled in English anyway, and listening to Irish settlers in French Canada, one of whom has a Native accent for reasons that sort of make sense in the plot, should be stunning in at least two senses of that word.Be aware, as other reviewers have said, that the controls are going to seem... well, actually ARE, a bit clunky. I'm not sure if this is by design, or if the devs have made a virtue of an engine problem, but you aren't supposed to be a whiskey'd up Irish French Canadian ax ninja. (Note to self: suggest this for volume two when-if-ever the devs get around to it...!) In fact, I recommend that even beginners should start with Jaques, the brother who's better at hunting and not so great with an ax, anyway. He's designed to be harder to survive, but I find that adds an extra bit of tension to the game."
76561198013632145,Recommended,227220,2855251,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,FireStorm20,"Really nice  game, a breath of fresh air among all the copied 10000 times same formulas game."
,Recommended,227220,13878605,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,VenoM ★,Its an entertaining game. Only played it for an hour tho. But I will probably add a few more hours in to this game.
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,227220,16746016,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Redeemed,Too often an exercise in frustration.  Too often on the last wave a creature will miss a trap or go the wrong way and your plans are ruined and you have to play the whole map from scratch again.  I don't like games that I feel waste my time this way.
,Recommended,227220,4012828,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,GamerLEN,"Normally I'm not one to like games where the antagonists are wolves, but I'm glad I got Sang-Froid. The music, ambience, and gameplay really do make you feel like you're in the 1800s.Its not just dark at night, it's pitch black, and you're outnumbered by wolves, werewolves, and more. The devil himself has come to town and ensnared the souls of everyone within. His goal is to corrupt the town's priest by bringing him your sister, whom he attempted to force himself on starting the events of this story.The music is very fitting to the setting, old fiddle music like you might've heard in an inn or bar back in those days, and the weaponry is very reminiscent of the olden days. No run and gun here, you have a flint lock rifle and reloading between shots takes time, a lot of time. You have to plan, you have to think on your feet, and you have to survive against all the monsters that hell can throw at you with nothing but your axe, your rifle, and your wits. The voice acting could be better, but otherwise this is definitely a game I could recommend."
76561197997993604,Recommended,227220,15565163,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Vicboss,"This game is similar to a tower defense-style game such as Sanctum, where you place towers but are also controlling your character in third person from the battlefield. You don't actually place towers though, you place traps in an attempt to stop werewolves and other creatures of the night. Every day begins with you setting up your traps in a bird's eye view style. This leads to an interesting metagame where some traps cost AP (action points), but also money. It becomes difficult to balance setting up enough traps to win, while saving enough money and AP(which can be converted to money) to get better gear so later levels are easier. It's really fun trying to find the most cost-effective way in which to win a night. Also, your character fights with an axe and a musket."
,Recommended,227220,14052932,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Tonicx [CH],Really good story behind it. its also coming up a good athmospere and you enjoy the gameplay way more than normally.I think all in one its a grandious game with good story. The irish Soundtrack is also well made. the Dialogs between the characters are like the games before 4 years but they make you smile. top quality of the graphics and the gameplay is just awsome.A must-have for all who like it athmosperic and stateric
,Recommended,227220,15421679,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Medicgator [SAC],"HI guys Its PlacidBadger.An indie game Good???? Not possiable you say I say yes, it most certanly is. The very first thing that Hits you like a brick wall at a 100 mph. is the music, you boot the game up and BAM!!! in your face strong intense music that sets the tone for the game to insue. Followed buy a girl telling about the most tarifying experince of her life happened to her and her brother s in that cold winter of 1858. with upgradiable weapons and traps at your disposal, Bon FIres to Keep the night wolfes Warewolfes and other Hell spawns at bay. Did I mention as you defend your home at night during the day the local logging outfit cuts down trees and makes new logging roads for thier use. but also new avanues of attack for the onslaute of enemy. SO Strap on  your Caulk Boots and toque. Sharpen your Ax and load your muzzle Loader for a Tower defenes style game. Now one of the few things I did notice that were of was the acting was well not the best B movie quality. I was expecting french accents atleast to be used by the the Brothers.  But the story line more than makes up for the sub par acting. I hope this helps in your descion on the purchase of this game if you want to see more reviews check out Rogue Ocean gaming on Twitch and Youtube. A great group dedicated gamers.http://www.twitch.tv/rogueoceangaminghttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UClgcOD8bFbPO5kcE-OZKCwQ"
76561197972431328,Recommended,227220,29729629,Posted: 5 February,all,Frob0zz,A very fun game with a great little story.
76561198071663683,Recommended,227220,30043227,Posted: 19 February,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Nicely done tower defence with great OST
76561198023427739,Recommended,227220,30283661,Posted: 2 March,all,Kingbolder,Truly fun and challenging. Good storyline as well.
,Recommended,227220,8266149,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Tonberry,"The developing team did a great job of setting the tone of this game. There could be some improvements, but for what it is, this game is fantastic and I am glad I purchased it!"
,Recommended,227220,13200550,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ϟ♚ϟ Bloodstained ϟ♚ϟ,"A nice game, good defending. xD More like tower defense."
76561198030845784,Not Recommended,227220,8956484,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Slumberjack,"The basic gameplay is pretty good but the pacing is terrible. I doubt the developers played through their own tutorial. You get a short video when a decent item description would have done the job. Rather than encouraging players to explore, the game assumes the player is a moron and tells you exactly what to do, step by step for the first 3 levels. That is in addition to the pop-up tutorials every 20 feet. If you think the gamers will be too stupid to figure out your game, maybe the solution is to make the mechanic more intuitive, not have 2 dozen videos explaining various concepts peppered in waypoints.The game does get more challenging and fun later on but the interface remains clunky. The game is plagued with interface issues: you can undo traps but not work, the hud favors artistic flare to actually providing information (health bar most guilty), you have to navigate through a half dozen buildings in town for upgrades and items, even though it could have easily all been fit into a single interface.The game lauds it's exciting and epic story. Yet aside from an awesome opening cinematic, the game chooses to tell the story in laughable animations. They are poorly dialogued, occur much too frequently and worse, doesn't inform or drive gameplay at all. They break up the pacing of the game and most of the characters are one dimensional. Instead of a handful (yes more than 1) of animations every level, a cinematic every 5 would have been amazing.I bought Sangfroid expecting an exciting indie game with fresh gameplay. The gameplay mechanics are pretty interesting, maybe even enough so to be called unique and exciting. But the rest of the game feels just like the bloated mess out of major studios. If this is an indie game, it most certainly doesn't feel like one. Gameplay was the coin spent to purchase all the frills in the game."
76561197960686181,Not Recommended,227220,47665,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Adam,"This is the most all around god awful game, voice acting, and story line I've ever had the displeasure of purchasing."
76561197993299430,Not Recommended,227220,25054902,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,SquishyEye,"I'm not trying to bash indie games. I am very glad independent companies are able to create and publish their work and i will support all the ones that are worth it. This one is not.The 3D art is ok. The 2D art - dear god, I can draw better and I don't even have an art degree.The voice acting - *sigh* i feel bad for complaining, i know not everyone has the budget for real actors, but you know how other developers get away with this? By not having voiced dialog. I would rather have to read than listen to what sounds like an awkward highschool kid trying to act and miserably failing.Game mechanics - there are some interesting ideas i guess. But it was so limited - the skills, the traps, everything felt not polished enough, not evolved enough. This is a game that could use a big name company makeover, because without it - it's just a sophomore-year video-game class project.The game was pretty challenging at times too, but overall it just felt like a chore trying to finish it."
,Not Recommended,227220,13291201,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Dumblekunt,"ehhh not a  bad game , think it needs some work on it and it will be great!"
,Not Recommended,227220,9369108,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Sun Bro,"I enjoy the actual gameplay (the day planning and night fighting) but the terrible voice acting, plot, script, and bad cinamatic scenes (At least I think that's what they're supposed to be) just ruin it. For the price it's at, I would definitely not reccommend."
76561197993219223,Not Recommended,227220,9613716,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,DrGodzilla,I'm sorry I appeared to have fallen asleep. I'm pretty sure I got this game from a Humble bundle and it sounds good. It has good ideas and then fails to go anywhere with them. Also the tutorials are a new kind of terrible.
76561198046458081,Recommended,227220,7937079,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Qooglz™,My favorite Indie!
,Not Recommended,227220,15644200,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,GodHammer,Eh.
,Recommended,227220,26373312,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ichiemperor,"My only review with 172 games in library and over 13 years on steam. I'm still waiting for another game like it. It's not the best at anything, but collectively it's amazing."
,Recommended,227220,17335895,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
76561198077719495,Not Recommended,227220,15196875,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,babydollpinup,This game isn't bad persay the storyline is very unique and the date in which it is set is also very creative in my opinion. Overall I don't recommnd it because it's repetative and slow at point. If you are a fan of more casual games like this buy it on sale or as part of a package
,Recommended,227220,98332,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,The Team Ranbir,"Real interesting game. Although the difficulty seems to scale up quite quickly, then again I think sacrifices are expected.Needs windowed mode."
,Recommended,227220,2228509,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,granderojo,There is no trap so deadly as the trap you set for yourself.
76561198032614956,Recommended,227220,4134951,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,SLIOUSGE,Excellent Game!!...A fresh breath of air in the action/strategy/rpg community...worth buying it!!
76561198008541101,Recommended,227220,2511788,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,master_of_ketchup,Great game!!! 5/5
,Recommended,227220,9061664,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Irongroin Butterfist,I got this at launch and the devs SKYPED with me to get it to work. It's a great game support the devs!
,Recommended,227220,9088905,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Pikajew,"Enjoyable game,i recommend it if it's in sale."
76561197973552330,Recommended,227220,9090890,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,XOskeletal,"Unique strategy game at a great price, I love it."
,Not Recommended,227220,22905570,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,hd07,"this didn't really grab me, the idea is cool, i didn't find it fun to play"
76561198086497152,Recommended,227220,8719400,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,mouse,"***Review both in English and Portuguese/Review em Inglês e Português***This game is really fun. Lots of interesting Canadian culture and mythology references, fun strategy and execution of your plans. Excellent music. Cutscenes are horribly animated and painful to watch, but in overall this game is worth it.Bem divertido. Bastante referências interessantes a mitologia e cultura Canadense, a estratégia e execução dos planos é divertida. Música excelente. Diálogos são horrívelmente animados e dolorosos de assistir, mas no geral vale a pena."
,Recommended,227220,24403089,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,kill my ass,This is a really good game
,Recommended,227220,29707138,Posted: 4 February,all,Kentish,Like what I played so far. Nice mix.
76561198010606555,Not Recommended,227220,10354239,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,The Smush Room,"This game is mildly amusing. Story and voice acting are atrocious. The ""Irish"" sister is voiced by a Latina woman who mispronounced a few pretty basic words right off the bat. Items in the loading menu are mispelled and the text communication is grammatically incorrect and hard to understand at times. Animation is very plain looks and feels very homemade like a flash game from newgrounds. Yes that is what this game really reminds me of... a flash game. It has bugs, and some of the game mechanics dont work as they are presented to. it would be great for free but i paid $1.50 for it and i still feel kindof ripped off."
,Not Recommended,227220,10770183,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,NimrodX,"While I think the finish of the game seems rather professional, I don't really find the gameplay all that satisifying. The FPS/TPS aspect of the game doesn't really feel quite right and the strategy aspect feels a bit lame. I'd recommend against this unless you get it on sale for $2 or something really cheap, or unless you want a game that's super-Canadian. (It seems as though one of the goals was to make the game as Canadian as humanly possible. At least it's not titled ""Tales of Canadian Werewolves"" or something goofy like that.)"
,Not Recommended,227220,12074530,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Zastavan,"I really want to like this game as the presentation and story are really great and want to draw me in but unfortunately the poor pacing and slow trial and error gameplay really shatter my interest in this title.The UI, the way the story is told and the writing itself is very cozy. It really makes an interesting universe until you actually do start controlling your chosen character then it really goes down hill.Gameplay comes down to building defenses and then defending the buildings your supposed to. Early on this isn't so bad until you start hitting 3 or more buildings where you have to defend them all and they are all vastly far from eachother and in the event of one being destroyed you lose so you end up having to do a bit of multi tasking in order to keep everything together and this can require trial and error as you figure out what will work and what wont for each mission.The combat though is very floaty and dousn't feel very solid. If I didn't know better I would think you weren't actually supposed to go into direct combat with enemies since it feels very poor when compared to the presentation quality of the rest of the game. Its clunky and at times it can be difficult to hit enemies with your melee attack and in the process get hit yourself. Some of the aspects like fear and rage are very interesting but unfortunately managing these aspects on top of the combat on top of defending your buildings isn't really fun after a time as you battle with the clunkiness while trying to do everything before one of your buildings die.The pacing really becomes a problem at the point where the game becomes challenging as it gets so slow that the high points are not high enough to actually make it worth it.So maybe I will someday play more of Sang Froid but for now I really have no impetus to play more of it and would rather just like to see the story play out but not enough to actually beat the game.Also for as basic as the graphics are its very poorly optimized. Many basic video settings such as windowed mode are not supported either. So once you start peeling back the facade the lack of structure shows. As an analogy I think that fits this game at where I am in it."
76561198031316382,Not Recommended,227220,12880625,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,userr3,"I think this game is pretty decent, and the first few levels make a whole lot of fun... It just gets repetetive so fast and a some bugs make the game unplayable :/Nevertheless the music in the intro is freaking awesome... :D"
,Recommended,227220,12320054,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Silent103@rAge,I recommend the game very fun!!!!
76561198005079603,Not Recommended,227220,9231685,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Captain Seasick,"So, this is a game that seriously confused me. When I first saw it, I wasn't sure if it was an action-style RPG, or what it was, but when I actually PLAYED it, the horrible truth dawned on me... it's a focking tower defence game! Now, I'm no stranger to the TD-genre, both the armchair general type where you just place towers/turrets/whatever down on a map to stop/kill the incoming enemies (Defence Grid or Plants VS Zombies), and the ""up close and personal"" kind where you actually get to do some runnin' 'n' gunnin' yourself (Orcs Must Die! and Sanctum), but Sang-Froid isn't really either.Taking enemies on in a head-to-head fight is to say the bloody least STU-PID unless they're just basic wolves and you're playing as Jos, AND WHY WOULDN'T YOU, SINCE HE'S APPARENTLY BETTER THAN WEAK-MODE JAQ IN EVERY SINGLE WAY!!! Anyway, where was I... oh, yeah. Sang-Froid's gameplay. It's an interesting enough concept, but the execution is like a wobbly, woinky... something. Basically, it's flawed as all FOCK! The music isn't BAD, but it's nowhere near GOOD either, and the cutscenes honestly look like they were made with cardboard cut-outs of the various characters, i.e. they're basically shïte. So, it all boils down to the final number. The show-ender. The, uh... yeah, whatever. I'm out of analogies. Here's the score. 4.7/10"
76561197992801175,Not Recommended,227220,12297273,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,fabio,"Sang-Froid is a hybrid 3rd person action / tower defense game that excels at neither. In fact, both elements are constantly tripping the other up.Basic premise: You defend various buildings against monster (mostly wolves and werewolves during the night, and build/upgrade during the day. You kill monsters with both traps and your axe/musket.On the surface it's a great idea for a game. You're trapped in spooky isolated woods and during the day you have to spend your limited time choosing how to survive the coming sunset.Why it fails is because the 3rd person movement and controls are so sluggish, the map is far too spread out, and the majority of the traps require you to be present in order to take effect but you can't be everywhere at once.3rd person action: super clunky melee swings and musket reloading. I realize it's not going to be as fast paced and adreniline pumping as a dedicated action game, but if it's going to be THIS clunky and boring then they should have just ditched it to make this a full on tower defense strategy game. You're not shooting huge guns like Sanctum, you're dealing with clunky axe swinging. There's a system where you have to manage the wolves' fear level; keep them afraid enough so the entire pack doesn't jump you at once. This might have been interesting in a game with better combat, but it's just frustrating because you don't have time to deal with it because your other building are all the way across the map.Overly large map: The full map (once all locations open up) is larger than most DotA maps and it takes a good 2 minutes to traverse the entire thing. It's way too slow and you have to be everywhere at once. Later on you can build ziplines to travel quicker, but then you have to sit through the slow climbing animations like it's a Zelda game, plus the ziplines cannot go through trees and the whole map in one winding forest. Since it's 3rd person, you can only see what's in sight of your character and have little idea what's happening other than some icons on the map. This is a big problem because...Non-automated traps: The majority of the traps in the game require you to be present in order to work. You must shoot ropes to drop rocks on wolves. You must light bonfires. You must man turrets. The whole point of traps should be to cover areas you can't be at. If they can't do that then what's the point and why not just make it a full on action game? There are a couple traps that theoretically take care of things when you're not there, but they're unreliable. You can lay down flaming trenches that monsters can't cross, but it's very hard to tell if the trench is completely blocking off a path or if there's one tiny pixel you missed that monsters can pass through, derailing your entire plan and forcing you to start over. Likewise with lethal traps. You can place 3 lethal traps at a chokepoint and sometimes all the monsters will run into them, sometimes none. It's totally random which is the opposite of what a good tower defense game should be.The story: The devil is summoning monsters to attack you. That's the entire story, but they drag it out with non-animated, horribly acted, boring cutscene after cutscene.There was a kernal of a good game idea buried in here somewhere. If they were going to make so many traps reliant on you being present, they should have turned it into primarily an action game. If the action was going to suck so much they should have turned it into a pure strategy game. In trying to do both they compromised each other."
76561198073600298,Not Recommended,227220,19485779,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Legacy,"It's aboot time I did this here review eh.Well I tried this here game a coople months ago and got pretty bored quickly I might say, its got alright gameplay but feels very gritty and old, like something from 2002 or someting'. Read this here like as if you lived in newfoundland or newbunswick b'y.I can't say I would git dis her game I tell ya, shes too bland and boring in my opinion b'y.Old gritty graphics that are outdated and not even enjoyable in that way, nothing positive about that. The gameplay is slightly boring and just bleh. You will deal with just a mess of monsters coming from every direction you can think of, up, down, left, right, rileft, up der b'y.Has a nice talent tree with good customization and plenty of traps and weapons to play with, giving you a decent toolshed of death to kill native werewolfs and the devils monsters. You can go to town and buy more bullets for your musket, dip your axe in holy water to deal extra damage, buy alcohols or clothing to help your defense and offense and use unique items to change the winds path or other fun stuff.Its simple, easy to pick up and has a decent tutorial to teach you what the hell is going on, but it just was not for me and I say look up the screenshots and maybe check out a video or two, I got it on sale for 2$ CANADIAN so I won't hurt too much up here in the north.Personal Rating: 2/5"
,Not Recommended,227220,8453209,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,OmegaJeff,"Pre-summary:  Get ""Orcs Must Die"" instead.The folk music in this is really great, it's moody and well utilized to draw you in right from the start.  The music is certainly the best part of the game.  I'll give a nod to the interesting art design as well, but the execution is pretty sub-par.The game itself is a mashup of tower defense and third person brawler/shooter, with the map you're defending expanding after each round as you unlock new tools and resources.  There's promise there, but it's poorly delivered on and ultimately provides a choppy and inconsistant experience.The plot is... bad.  It's bad.  It's reall, really, so very bad.  It seems promising at the start, but by the second or third round it's almost bad enough to be ironically entertaining.  The devil is particularly amusing, while the depiction of the natives actually verges on upsetting.There are better games out there that deliver on this mechanical concept more fluidly, and there are better stories about werewolves in frontier times.  But it's too bad the sound track isn't available as a seperate purchase."
,Recommended,227220,13664583,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,CHEJoK,★ ★ ☆ ☆ ☆
76561197960862453,Recommended,227220,27691751,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dizwed,Very good indie game !
,Recommended,227220,7312922,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,&ben,♥♥♥♥ing buy it already fallout
,Recommended,227220,23037708,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Spookyena,This game is pretty cool.
76561197963217574,Not Recommended,227220,16366563,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Justice Ftw,"Yeah,... I gave this an honest try.Look if you want to make games, you should have animation skills. The game seems like it might be okay, but it's just not good enough to hold my interest.A shame, but it is what it is. Everything is what it is. The world is what it is. You are what you are. I am what I am. Wow, so insightful, I deserve a billion dollars."
76561197988839245,Not Recommended,227220,21342063,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Roxc,Garbo
,Not Recommended,227220,10467542,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,浅浅sama,不太好玩，音乐还是不错的。。不好玩在 操作感十分奇怪
,Not Recommended,227220,21796760,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,basano,cant run windowed mode...cant find easy way to move game to other monitor...not wasting time on it.
76561198138133816,Not Recommended,227220,14787226,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Jackel skinhub.com,Worst game i have ever played i swear if i can get a refund on all the money i put into this game i would......
,Recommended,227220,11457035,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Bitch don't go full retard,GREAT GAME worth a buy
76561198010641857,Recommended,227220,25062940,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ivan Moreira,"Its quite an interesting mix between TD and Action game, with the traps and the action to kill the enemies, although the graphics are quite low. The history is interesting, too, a mix of some folk tales here and there.Unfortunatelly, I get bored pretty quick with this type of game, so maybe I will get back to it someday."
,Recommended,227220,8753124,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Kronk the Leverpuller,"A great tower-defence with a gripping storyline!No multiplayer/co-op tho, which would improve the game greatly.Still a fantastic game I recommend to all with patience!"
76561197966287779,Not Recommended,227220,238707,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Xenrathe,"Honestly: pretty weak. Maybe if you REALLY love combined tower-defense / third person hybrids... and at a discount. It was rough around the edges, some excusable (the graphics), some inexcusable (mediocre voice acting, lack of balance). Over all, I recommend you avoid."
76561198067600253,Not Recommended,227220,8913623,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Cooolio Jims,"Meh, average game. I'm not impressed. A bit interesting you can set traps and then wait for the wolves to come. But still kind of boring. The game feels empty. Feels limited."
76561197978131107,Recommended,227220,8852892,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Superbeef,"Jessie Ventura claims to know whether werewolves exist, but the truth is already staring us in the face. They do. And in greater numbers than you can imagine."
,Recommended,227220,33844316,Posted: 27 July,all,tact,"So under the radar, so good."
76561198067432222,Recommended,227220,32881418,Posted: 27 June,all,amiel,love tihs game
,Not Recommended,227220,11124221,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,kevthemagnificent,"The voice acting is so bad, so terribly terribly bad. Even when no-one is talking, I'm thinking about how terrible the voice acting is. Although it's only fair to point out that even the most gifted of actors would struggle with that terribly written dialogue. I actually stopped playing due to how much it annoyed me.So...if horrible, horrible voice acting is an issue for you, I would recommend against it. Aside from that, it's a fairly average action game with some tactical elements. (Best tactic= shoot wolves with gun until dead)"
,Recommended,227220,8455453,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Spizy Chicken,"Fun game! When I first saw the title I was excited, but then i saw it looked like a hard to learn Strategy game which I rarley play and have time to learn. When I saw it go on sale for 75% off, I decided to give it a try. First thoughts? LOVE IT!The creators have done a fantastic job at so many aspects of this game.1.The music and sound design are great.2.They mix story, strategy with some good hands on fighting and killing of wolves!3. IN GAME VIDEO TUTORIALS that take you step by step through each aspect of how to play and what each thing does.They don't just leave you hanging, they take you thorugh several games and mission with a video showing what you need to know, how to do it, and then let you try it. These aren't just static images. These are fully voiced and animated lessons for everything you need to know! So if you are like me and have a hard time figuring all the features out, no need to worry! They teach you everything.4 STARS! Great game."
76561198088179393,Recommended,227220,27756992,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tr nasos,very nice and original game with nice music!
,Recommended,227220,30518911,Posted: 14 March,all,MeatShake,This game's how you do Arkham combat. Take notes- devs.
,Recommended,227220,34095739,Posted: 7 August,all,Hoss,Beards!
76561198054482582,Recommended,227220,7900004,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Tombstone Jack,Its the most canadian game youll ever play if your into perscice planning and trap managment with unforgiving tatical combat ull love this game
76561198082810243,Not Recommended,227220,9266104,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Nafra,"Looks awesome in the trailer, but really not worth the money....."
76561198119270935,Not Recommended,227220,9263799,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,The Horse With No Name,Nope...
,Not Recommended,227220,16899458,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,𝔩𝔞𝔫𝔡𝔴𝔥𝔞𝔩𝔢,"A Tower Defense/Third-Person Action hybrid in the style of ""Orcs Must Die!"" based on Canadian lore. The game's structure is broken into pre-mission cutscene, pre-mission preparations, the actual defense of your structures on foot, and a post-mission cutscene, with no deviation in this structure. Of the twenty missions available, the first few are thinly veiled tutorials which quickly ramp up in difficulty once supernatural enemies are introduced. Unlike most games, the difficulty doesn't budge; for the most part it was a non-stop train ride through a frustratingly difficult game. I was finding myself quickly frustrated and had to restart missions many times because of accidentally hitting myself with a lethal trap, getting sidetracked defending one objective while another was being destroyed, or just dying from being overwhelmed by enemies I was unprepared to face at full health because they ""dodged"" a trap I set for them.While the story is good enough to push you forward and explain character actions and interactions, it really feels like it was stretched thin and simply made to build a game around. There are no sidequests, no mini-games or diversions, no non-main story character to chat with, or even any non-story or non-shops to visit while in towns. I loved the game's atmosphere and environments but much of the game feels rushed and lazy, as if the devs said ""this is good enough, ship it!"" The story also seemed to end abruptly and un-satisfyingly, as if the devs couldn't decide to lead into a sequel or not.I would love to see a sequel that wasn't such a barebones narrow corridor of gameplay. Simple touches, like actually being able to walk around in towns, would have added much to the atmosphere of the game. This could have been a cozy, atmospheric game with a unique spin on tower defense, but instead it feels like a quick in-betweener for a dev looking to make money for his next big project."
,Not Recommended,227220,10958432,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rymarre,"Abysmal. The devs clearly don't know what challenging gameplay is, so they just give you a cluster♥♥♥♥ of stupid gimicks for artificial difficulty. There's absolutely no redeeming value in this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a game."
76561198037725423,Not Recommended,227220,10484064,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,mastergerund,"This game does not play well if you don't have a widescreen monitor. I was able to play through the first day and set traps for the second day, but the button to start the second day was off the right side of the screen where I could not get to it. Not recommended unless you have a widescreen monitor."
76561198031769482,Recommended,227220,29684586,Posted: 3 February,all,isikiel,"this game is really good. only got told about it a few days ago to find out that its now free. i would of payed for this game. good story, visuals and soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,227220,24606672,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,NativeJewmerican,Bought this game ages ago assuming further development and a co-op system especially due to having two different characters. Ages later its essentially the same and rather boring after a very short time.
,Recommended,227220,9096624,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Liro Raériyo,"POW! the sound of your rifle goes off, now spent as five more wolves surround you, after taking a final sip of whiskey you charge the feral beasts, they fall one after another, too terrified to attack what they perceive as nothing short of a monster.Sang-Froid is an incredible game filled with the manliest concept ever, terrify the living hell out of demonicly possesed wolves to keep them away from your sick sister, and kill them off with traps, guns, and manly lumberjack bravado."
76561198011993105,Not Recommended,227220,12745934,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Salamander,"Just can't recommendThis game is mediocre at best. Even though I got it on sale, I still feel that I overpaid. Although, there is gradually new enemies/traps introduced, the game just feels so repetitive. The voice acting is absolutely dreadful and makes it very difficult to enjoy the story. I could not even bring myself to play through half the game."
76561198031141936,Not Recommended,227220,10331297,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,dadasx,I want my 15 dollars back!
76561198201135013,Recommended,227220,29678574,Posted: 3 February,all,(KOBS)♥DJ.Toy-Foxy♥,"""Sang-froid: Tales of Werewolves is one of my favorite recent indicators that strategy gaming is alive [...] Games this good don't come around often enough""5 Stars out of 5 – Quarter to Three""...an exhilaration I can't remember feeling in that many other games.""9/10 - Eurogamer""A beautiful and creative indie gem.""9/10 - PC PowerPlay"
,Not Recommended,227220,12480520,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Tjuhl,"I like the setting of farmers defending a village against pesky werewolves with the use of traps and melee + ranged combat. The overall game mechanics are very similar to the ""Orcs must die"" series, and, unfortunately for ""Sang-Froid - Tales of Werewolves"", the controls in the former are a lot more slick and reactive. So for anyone interested in participative tower defense, I'd rather recommend ""Orcs must die!"""
,Not Recommended,227220,12397288,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,toix,Concept is similar to Orcs Must Die.But the towers are even less imortant and controls are bad.
76561197987814869,Not Recommended,227220,8021229,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,bastardjack,This game is a prime example of how poor QA and lack of polish can kill an otherwise great game.
76561197998391741,Not Recommended,227220,13001586,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TinyTim,Ambitious
,Recommended,227220,16447455,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sliser Reidez,"I sell this game, check out my inventory. Ready to sell !!!http://steamcommunity.com/id/redania/Продаю эту игру, посмотрите мой инвентарь. Готов ее продать !!!This is a great tower defense of our generation! Great story, the humor in the game, the gameplay. Even the support for those at the highest level, I wrote to them on Facebook, they kindly responded and helped advice on how to beat the game. 10 out of 10, just turn 1 video, and all understand themselves =)Это великолепная защита башни нашего поколения! Великолепный сюжет, юмор в игре, гемплей. Даже тех поддерка на самом высоком уровне, я писал им в фейсбуке, они любезно ответили и помогли советом, как пройти игру. 10 из 10, просто включите 1 ролик, и все поймёте сами =)"
76561198048440407,Not Recommended,227220,12737420,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Martian from Mars,"For now is a no.It takes forever to load, packed with animations and intros that you have to deal with every single time you start the game. The game doesnt run smoothly. Combat is goofy.The tutorial is incredibly slow and exactly when you think you made your way through it and you can now start to play free with no more interruptions, they make you watch videos for new items and traps the game introduces. Yes, videos.The artwork is confusing and with no continuity (you have a certain style for the menu, another different one for the animations, another one for the loading screens....), quite upleasant, seems like three or four different artists put their hands on this, only to eventually merge everything together.The concept is nice, I like the theme that made get this, I wouldn't complain as I got it on sale but it isn't anywhere close to worth the full price."
76561198144557289,Not Recommended,227220,12378405,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,jwilson246,"Very poor game would like my money back please. It has NEVER worked for more than 5 minutes into the game. It crashes and gives u the blue screen of death. It is that bad a crash it doesnt even crash back to windows. Tried some of the things that were posted on the forums about it, they made it even worse."
76561198064410540,Not Recommended,227220,8098078,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Pink Horror,"This game was very disappointing. It feels like a student-made action/adventure game. Controlling the character is not fun for me at all - it's heavy on various keyboard commands. I quickly uninstalled this game. It's my biggest disappointment since joining Steam.The review system would have been useful when I bought it. Yes, most of the reviews are positive, but they mention enough about the lack of polish and the ""tower defense"" feel to know this isn't for me. I expected more strategy/RPG in the mix."
,Not Recommended,227220,8206765,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Norgus,"Nice idea and story, let down by poor implementation. How is it possible that a game of this genre does not have controller support? Madness!"
76561198009261376,Not Recommended,227220,30147241,Posted: 24 February,all,~JawZ~,"This game looks fun, but ♥♥♥♥ me it's hard !!"
,Not Recommended,227220,8462072,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,tellus82,"Don't, it's not a bad game but the game is nowhere near a ready to be released state. To add to all bugs infesting this game it also can't support more then 1920x1080 resolution."
,Not Recommended,227220,8083579,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,N1001001S Pews ☺ CSGORage.com,"Don't touch this game, unless you like herpes. It's slow, sluggish and has the storyline from a 60's Asian movie... Tripe!So far 15 people have found this review unhelpful (possibly the game designers or their aunties). Be smart and save your £2.99 and buy something else. I honestly wish I could give this game away. I'd friend request someone I didn't like and then give it to them for a wedding anniversary gift. :)"
,Not Recommended,227220,8871832,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,POINGjam,The writing and voice acting are bad.  Using guns is a headache.  The graphics are mostly bad.  Seems like a game someone made as a school project.
,Not Recommended,227220,8386451,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Upsilon,"I really can't say much about this game. The acting is bad to the point of laughable. Think the old Resident Evil games. The story telling is very confusing, too; at least the part that I got to. It's unoptimized to the point of getting 30 fps on a decent rig (I can get 60 on TF2 at max graphics) and the controls are horrific. The button layout itself isn't the problem, it's the input delay. You press your attack button then 1.5 seconds later, it finally happens. I crashed twice: once during the initial loading screen (that went on for 4 min) and once during gameplay. You know what unplayable games always score? 0/10 It's a shame, too. This was the most impressive greenlight game I had seen at the time and I waited a long time...for this. It's laggy, it's buggy, it crashes like crazy, it's unfinished, and we'll need mods soon, so come on in, Bethesda fans!"
,Not Recommended,227220,12405429,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Ablu,
,Recommended,227220,32244378,Posted: 7 June,all,HOUSE STARK,Write a review for Sang-Froid - Tales of Werewolve
,Not Recommended,227220,29331152,Posted: 17 January,all,Devil_SnapFase,"Не советую эту игри для средних/слабых пк(ноутбуков) из-за слабой оптимизации, лучше сдам назад.not recomended for low/medium pc, because this game has bad optimisation"
,Recommended,227220,9728211,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Deadpool,to start with a little truth i really think i would enjoy this game as much as i actually did i thought it would be a game i would put down after 5 minutes but i am very happy to i didn’t because i think it's very fun and makes you think more about if you got trapped in the woods how would you defend your family well now you can practice on this game now all you have to hope is they come in waves :D anyway i very much think this is worth the money.
76561198021697412,Recommended,227220,9728888,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,A Gumba,A small lag rate cannot put a damper on this game. Honestly its pretty good.
76561198037747638,Recommended,227220,9730537,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,AngryGoat,"This is a verrrrrry cool game,and it's 2.24 right now"
76561198035059977,Recommended,227220,4285542,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,This...IS...BACON!,"Canada, eh? But seriously, consider this game. It's definitely one of those hidden gem idies you occasionally find, because this game is tons of fun. As a tower defense/action hybrid, it will test both your mind and your mettle, rewarding strategic planners and skilled combatants alike. Granted, some of the production values are a bit low (animations and voice acting are kinda bad), but this is an excellent game at the very core of its mechanics, especially for a game that was made by such a small team of guys. Buy it, love it, and have fun killing dem werewolves in the meantime!"
76561198078224639,Recommended,227220,10675421,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TextuaryWorm93,"I brought this game on a whim, I was bored at the time and wanted something to do. However I didn't play it right away as I changed my mind after getting it.I have played it, and I must say its damned good! It's a lot better then I thought it would be, its beautiful at the cut scenes, and is a good enough to get you worrying about a barn you need to defend!It's got a Walking dead look to it, but plays very differently, you need to be strategic and some times very fast!Good game!"
,Not Recommended,227220,10648139,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Chal,"Sang-Froid is one the of most disappointing games that I've played. I went into it thinking that it would be like Orcs Must Die but with werewolves, which sounded like a pretty awesome premise; instead, it turned out to be a clunky, dull action game with strategy and RPG overtones.The worst part of the game for me is the interface. The font used was definitely picked for style rather than legibility, making it tricky to get a quick read on your ammo count. The health bar is a strange, bifurcated heart which again is not helpful for at-a-glance info. You wield two weapons, but instead of using a toggle, weapon selection is modal. You have to hold down a key to keep the rifle out. Reloading the rifle is boosted by button mashing which is an egregiously stupid mechanic. The whole town's worth of shops could have been condensed into a single screen. The fear factor UI is painfully unintuitive but works decently once explained. I think even the developers realised how bad the UI is because the tutorial is filled with videos describing in elaborate detail how everything works. When you've gotten to that step, you need to seriously rethink your design decisions.The gameplay is where things really fell apart. It seems like most traps are one-use-only which kills the tower defence feeling for me. Because you can't rely on traps, you need to dispatch a good chunk of the enemies yourself. Unfortunately the lumberjack runs quite slowly, hits weakly and reloads his rifle in a period-correct fashion. Combat is a slow and tedious affair with the player's weakness being balanced out by the enemy's reluctance to attack. To top it off, the animations are surprisingly unsatisfying.Calling the game an epic folktale is a bit disengenuous. The writing is 90s after-school cartoon caliber and the voice acting is pretty wooden. The animations are disappointingly stilted and exacerbate the problem; using static portraits would have been a major improvement. Worst of all, it takes itself way too seriously.It's possible that the game gets significantly better after spending enough time on it. Unfortunately, there are plenty of other games that are better right off the bat."
,Recommended,227220,10663347,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mortymher,"A very interesting and challenging game. To proceed from level to level, accurate planning of resources and appropriate development of character is essential. Unfortunately, ""the farther into the forest"", the level of difficulty is greater, and in addition to the good plan, you will need reflexes and good timing, so often you will have to repeat the same level over and over again. The game is worth its price and you can spend tens of hours playing and pursuing its challenging achievements."
,Recommended,227220,10407906,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Lazarus,"This is an amazing game. I've seen a lot of negative reviews centered around lag or other likewise issues, and I'd say those reviewers have crappy hardware. I've experienced no problems, and the game is a good, easy to play strategy. I think a lot of people expect it to be a Skyrim, but the fact is, it's an Indie game. Yeah, the cutscenes are low quality, but the game and its mechanics are fun and surprisingly original for a tower defense. Sangfroid has a gripping story-line, fun game mechanics, and accessibility for newcomers and hardcore veterans. I'd give it at least an 8 out of 10, probably a 9."
76561198052280386,Recommended,227220,10349189,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,~Archer~,Oh so worth they buy!  Very original game and just absolutly loved it...all 3 play throughs!  CANT WAIT for Tome2!!  YES YES YES!!
,Recommended,227220,10397785,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,dann,This is the first smooth Indie Strategy game i ever play'd!
76561198061191592,Recommended,227220,10399800,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,alekzanderlr,Very good blend of strategy and action! The story and gameplay are pretty original too.
,Recommended,227220,10400306,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Twillrex,Really good game it's very nice that they firstly made the book after the movie and after the game it's just incredible. If your from quebec put the french language on it is some really good Québécois right there.
,Recommended,227220,10033118,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Ken,"Most PC gamers are no strangers to strategy games. As much as I love a good strategy title, sometimes I want to get right into the action. In this,Sang-Froid: Tales of Werewolvesdelivers, offering the best blend of action and strategy I've played sinceBrütal Legend. During the day, players prepare for the night's onslaught by purchasing items, setting traps, and preparing a plan of action. Oh, and I don't use the word ""onslaught"" lightly. The wolves will attack you relentlessly, and if you lose a single building, it's game over. You'll need to carefully plan ahead and act fast to survive and scrape together a living in this game. It takes the critical thinking of a strategy game and combines it with the frantic action of a brawler. Combine this with the clever ""fear"" mechanic-wherein you can keep attacks at bay for a short time-and you've got an intense nail-biter of a game.The game's pretty rough around the edges. It's certainly not the best looking game, with a somewhat barren and uninteresting landscape. It manages to get away with it for the most part by incorporating a pleasing aesthetic, but it only goes so far. In addition, it's combat is fairly rudimentary, and difficult to enjoy on its own. Bashing wolves with your axe is clunky and not nearly as satisfying as it should be. Though the strategy aspect of the game is top-notch, the action side of things isn't quite as polished.Sang-Froid: Tales of Werewolvescombines two genres well enough that I can overlook some of its rougher edges, and enjoy one hell of an intense action strategy experience."
76561198044351294,Recommended,227220,10231307,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Double M,"Every once in a while comes a game that is a pure gem. Sang-Froid is one of those gems.It is created with love and passion and it oozes out of every bit this game has to offer.Besides the fantastic setting, inovative and challenging gameplay, incredible soundtrack and a really good story, this game is simply a full package that you should not miss.Only flaw I can find is somewhat of a short campaing (I've completed it under 10 hrs). Once you are done with the story with both brothers, there is nothing else to do. No mode other then the campaign.However, if you want short and simply perfect treat - then try this game."
76561198030769433,Recommended,227220,10594103,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Hank Scorpio,"A surprisingly deep semi-tower defense game where you fight werewolves! An engaging plot, really fun traps, good enemy AI, and a nice stylish look help you get past the somewhat stilted writing."
76561198006594779,Recommended,227220,10605139,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tweed,Really enjoyable. Good concept and mix between 3rd person adventure and strategy.
76561198005732984,Recommended,227220,2324222,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,Clockworks,"Its a good game. If you liked orcs must die you would like this, however this is more difficult.You cant rely on traps to do everything for you & the enemies are a lot more difficult & vicious than OMD, its a challenge with a lot of unique features such as taking the wind & noise in to account when trying to trap/kill the wolves & much more... which is a good thing, your always running around & there are no breaks between waves, if you get overwhelmed you are pretty much dead there is no iWin button.Its a cool little game & its the first one these developers have made so goodjob so far, i recommend it for all tower defence enthusiasts, its a shame there is no co-op because it would be perfect for this game as there is only two characters to choose from but i can see why they chose not too, the game might be too easy with two people playing... but then again they could have just ramped up the difficulty... who knows, maybe in their next game."
76561198030902554,Recommended,227220,10588747,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,nzawacki,"If there's a better game out there about 19th century French-Canadians fighting werewolves, I haven't found it.But seriously, this is actually pretty fun. It's a lot like Orcs Must Die in that you're setting traps to deal with waves of werewolves and other supernatural creatures. There's a fair amount of strategy involved and you sometimes have cases where it seems like the map is impossible, but there's always a solution somewhere. The writing is pretty corny, but I enjoyed this."
,Recommended,227220,10570691,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DeviousBlue,"This game out of Montreal is very fun and satisfying to play. If you can overlook the awful cinematics and lackluster story telling, the game-play is pretty good! A Chapter or ""level"" consists of 2 phases: daytime strategy planning and night time combat.During the day you can visit shops in town to buy or upgrade equipment, consumables and stat modifying accessories. As well as plan your strategy to survive the coming night by setting up various traps, zip lines and build combat influencing objects like fires or shrines. Each one consumes daylight hours and sometimes money too, so it's a balance to survive as efficiently as possible in order to further fund your plan. I recommend playing on ""hard"" though.At night, you dash around your ever expanding forest territory to defend your friends and their homes from unholy wolf creatures. Combat system is simple and imperfect but still pretty fun. Decently designed skill tree to level through as you gain experience. Also some unique mechanics like wind direction potentially ruining your plan by giving away your scent and the degree to which your enemies fear you needing to be managed.Also worth mentioning is the soundtrack, one of it's strongest features. Found myself humming all the music and listening to what I learned was Quebec style folk music that I would have otherwise described as ""Celtic.""  Certainly worth the few dollars currently being asked during the sale, 15 to 30 hrs of fun strategy & third person action despite simple graphics."
,Recommended,227220,10012187,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Ashen Haze,Tower defense meets survivalist.  A very nice change from the standard 3rd person defense game.
76561197991284559,Recommended,227220,8909648,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Pooman,Fresh concept; Solid game overall.  It's a good time!
76561198009574470,Recommended,227220,8926140,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Stª®w¡ñÐ,"PresentationThe game is divided in three forms: The cut-scenes, which are nicely represented by beautiful art in 2D, as if you were reading a book, the strategy part of the game which is represented by a map in which u have a 360 degree view of the terrain u must defend and in which u can zoom in and out and finally the action part, in which you actually put your plan into action.  The action part is cartoonish but still very enjoyable to look at and in 3D.  If you are looking for 'Crysis' graphics, look elsewhere.  It's much more art oriented.  The music is taken from canadian folklore and is quite nice to listen to.  As for the sounds (explosions, beasts roars, axe hits, guns firing,.) they are well executed and add tangibility to the game.GameplayAs mentioned above, this is a mixed game, whereas you play a tower defense game at first and after that you put your plan to execution in a 3rd view action game.  In the strategy part you are presented with a comprehensive map that tells you which creature you are going to fight, their number and their headings, i e where they will attack.  It is there that you have to put up traps to stop them from attacking buildings and thus destroying them or else you fail the scenario.  You have complete control on which traps to use, and where to use them (as long as they are unlocked from progressing in the game).  You are only limited by the in-game mechanics, i e money and action points.The second part is as said putting your plan into execution, and this is done by pressing the 'Start the night' button in the map view.  You then have control of a lumberjack armed with an axe an a rifle and equipped with potions.  This part is rendered in 3D with a 3rd perspective aspect.  The controls are responsive and the animations are well done.  You can view in real time your traps, set them off if needed to and coming to life.  In all my gameplay, i have encountered one bug related to a specific trap, the spike trap.  Sometimes even if i was standing outside the spikes, they would hit me anyways and kill me with the other beasts standing on it.  Othe than that the gameplay is fun and sometimes even scary!ConclusionFor a 6 member studio, this game is remarkably well done.  I encountered no bugs and everything worked as described.  Depending how much time you wanna spend in the strategy map, this game should take between 10 to 20 hours to complete.  The game is not without cons, and personally i have 2.  First one is regarding the resolution.  Maybe the Devs will patch this up but for now the highest resolution is 1080P.  Second con, if they would also patch the icons in the 3D view which are not big enough with higher resolutions.  Other than that i highly recommand this game."
76561197991438190,Recommended,227220,8927781,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Etro,"Awesome little indie game with a beautiful soundtrack.The gameplay is a mix of tactical preparation and action. There's also weapon upgrades and a cool skill tree.I even enjoyed the story, characters and unique setting A LOT.Can't wait for the sequel!"
76561198107745287,Recommended,227220,8927924,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Antonio (BR),"Very Nice game. The strategic and action combines perferctly. The more strategic in the traps you are, the less effort need to be done in combat, but traps cost money and time to build, what really makes you need to be strategic decisions about what traps you will put to balance with the difficulty of the combat, so you can save money for new weapons and accesories.It also have an leveling system to help you, but that was a little weak, you only gain a skill point when evolve, nothing more, so you don't get stronger for later in the game, also there is no way to get more exp then beating the stages, so basicaly after each stage you gain a skill point to spend in the skill tree.Even if this is a lower point, it doesn't mess the fun in the game at all. The game is at the right size, 20 stages, and have two difficulties (which is the brother you choose to play), so when you beat the game in normal dificulty, you will end up going for the hard to get all the achivements. Achivements are not impossible to get, as so many games are, what makes it fun to get the 100%. Anyway, the game is great, I recommend. Hope there be a sequel."
76561198033564185,Recommended,227220,8930152,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,griffthespiff,Werewolves and no vampires.. 10/10!
76561198040932535,Recommended,227220,8977894,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,CalvertHB,Got this in the sale as wanted something a bit different to play for a while and it turned out to be a pretty neat game. The animation is a bit strange but I enjoyed it and the gameplay was good as it took some thought and you had to play for a little while before you understood the best tactics to finish each level.Good game overall and hopefully a sequel or continuation of the story may be released?
,Recommended,227220,3998717,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Nithal,"This game is unique in its capacity for fun. It combines the elements of a classic staategy with that of a third person fighting game and an over the shoulder shooter. The story is brilliant, if not a bit mystical, and while the character design may solicit a few giggles this game is notihing if not challenging and fun. Also, the name is pronounced Sahn Fwa.7/10"
76561198027402004,Recommended,227220,9958459,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Vorn38,Great game!!! A lot of fun
,Recommended,227220,10681802,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lead Poisoning,"This is one of the most fun strategy games I've played in a while, I'd like to see more games with similar mechanics.I question some of the design choices, such as introducing lots of enemies that are immune to traps.step 1: introduce a new trap each night until step 2: introduce monsters that are immune to all the traps."
76561198040635215,Recommended,227220,11381314,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,razvanmihaibejan,"AWESOME. I am a TD fan and and I say this game is awesome. And the ending...just awesome. Level 20 cap so be carefull what you chose. I went for life, stamina, building health, money from woodcuttin and trap upgrade, but if you go for melee you don't need woodcutting more money upgrade. Loved it, go for it, can't wait for updates"
76561198117246777,Recommended,227220,11320920,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,CodFisher,"At first, I felt a little out of place with this game, because it is unfamiliar and has a very unique feel to it. But, it's great. It's fun, neer gets boring (coming from someone who is bored very easily), has a kickass combat system, strategy, story, and a fantasy feel to it. I recommend buying it on a sale; I, personally, would not pay over $9.00 for it, as I am tight on game money. But, if you can catch it at a cut price, it's a fantastic game that you'll be able to get many, many hours out of.Have fun killin' werewolves. ;D"
76561198007252808,Recommended,227220,11540238,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,McMottek,"this is a overall good concept. although the soryline is linear you have a lot of freedom concerning you way of solving the challenges with either character. graphics are neat, story is good, sound is superb, gameplay challenging. maybe a bit short though. and it's up to you to decide what you are: hunter or hunted."
76561198074721973,Recommended,227220,11404049,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,OvTheWoods,"You like werewolves and european folk lore? you like tower defence? you like strategy? WELL THEN! you have come to the right place! Sang-Froid offers all these things. In this game you play one of two brothers each with their own pros and cons as you try to find help for your sister who is being hunted by werewolves and all sorts of hellspawn! and to do so, you place traps through out the forest the surrounds you cabin, and the planning fase is truly a joy to experience, did i say experience? speaking on the subject of experience, inbetween missions you get to spend your experience that you earn slaying werewolves and you get to level up your characters skill trees, and you can also use money you earn in the town to upgrade your weapons or buy other useful consumables and other items! (assuming you didn't spend it all on traps! which admittedly are a necessity if you want to succeed) All in all a very enjoyable game that i would reccomend to anyone if the things i have mentioned pique your interest!"
76561198037219847,Recommended,227220,11429725,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,{=PABLO BURNSTEIN=},"As a canadian, i approve of this game. It is well built, the lore is incredible, and if you play it in french they are going to speak like they did in those days. I love how you have to manage your time and your traps to make sure nothing happens to your building and how at each day new path are unlocked to make harder or easier. Great game, i highly recommend it."
,Recommended,227220,11418950,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,TyranidHunter,"Nice in depth defence game.For the price it is it is great, a couple of buggy animations but nice aesthetic.Similar to Orcs must Die, but with a better storyline and a larger area to cover."
76561198055625091,Recommended,227220,12143602,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Nigel Farage in the British Raj,"This game is good. Very good the controls are good and the combat is good (more on that in a second). The musice is good and the story is good. It has a very intresting and Canadain charm. The thing that may make or break this game are small things. This is a independant game, so the look of some stuff is not polished but steel ok. Also like I said about the combat, it's hard. It picks up early on when you fight stuff other than wolves (no spoiliers). This game will make you it's ♥♥♥♥♥  and there is no difficulty level change (that I can see) so it's reall a ""one size fits all"". But here are some rules to know if you want to buy this game.-do you like fun: yes-do you like good music: yes-are you canadain:yes (not manditory)-Do you have money to buy this game:yes (manditory)If you answered yes to all manditory questions get this game!!!!!!! NOW!!!!! SCROLE UP AND GET IT YOU LITTLE♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!"
,Recommended,227220,11959416,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,slidtax,"I thought this was a great game! The tutorials helped a lot, and I was able to have lots of fun. I thought it gets a lot harder the longer you play, and that's something that I like and keeps it from getting super repetitive. Overall I think it's a good game!"
76561198029512203,Recommended,227220,3944237,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,T0aD,"Super jeu qui mêle action / stratégie (ce que j adore), très belle surprise indépendante avec un contenu, un gameplay et une finition assez impressionants...Achète now!"
76561198043927601,Recommended,227220,21607743,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Steve,"Beeest tower/action defense game! Feels like a classic PS2 game to me for some reason. So fun with the planning and the fighting, the music is incredible as well & the story is really good - even with the ""cheap"" character models and animation, there's something really nice about it all and how it's presented. Only recent game that deserves the Strategy label!Can't wait to see the 2nd Tome!"
,Recommended,227220,827811,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,MoocowTG,"A fun game that strikes a very good balance between skill and strategy. It's a little rough around the edges, but the gameplay is solid."
76561198032944583,Recommended,227220,17105967,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,spiritchan,"This is actually quite a fantastic little game.  Though it only took me roughly 4-5 hours to beat, I only played through once.   (you get to play through a second time as ""the other brother"", which easily doubles, if not tripples the gametime).The first part of every night in this game is the trap set-up.  This takes a bit of thinking, and in later levels might rack your brain a bit (which is a good thing for all puzzle games).  The second part of every night is where you actually fight the werewolves and other nasties, making sure your traps function properly... and you'll know if they don't.Admitedly, the last level (boss) frusterated me quite a bit, but after...  A dozen tries, and looking up a walktrhough I managed to get it.  I'll go ahead and spill the beans on that, to prevent frustation for any future players;The boss (the invisible beast) can only be killed with your sister's blood on a bullet.  Assuming you make it to the boss, and you use your glasses to ""see"" him, AND you beat him up...  He'll get beat  up until 0 health, then he'll stand there dizzy for a matter of seconds (it's very fast).  Shoot quick with your blood-bullet while he's dizzy and at 0 health, and don't miss!  Or he'll regenerate, and you'll have to beat him up all over again!That being said (even with that minor frusteration), this game is certainly worth taking a look at, and was fun and frusterating (in a good way) - after all, if a game's no challenge, what's the point?"
76561198039846080,Recommended,227220,17258944,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Dookie Sheeran,Fun as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227220,17165992,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Raindrops,The cutscenes are absolutely laughable but the game itself is loads of fun.
76561198054169468,Recommended,227220,13969615,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,rullez-z-Z,"It is elaborated game enough. You should medidate about eath step you make and deeply thinking about strategy. Carefully choose skills and weapons. If you ready for this I may buy it, when it is on sale."
76561198089910676,Recommended,227220,18742249,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Felo,"Great Game!Very interesting and creative. It is true that it might be a bit rought around the edges, but it comes from a small developer with limited time and budget. Besides what at least I most appreciate of indie games, B-games or whatever you want to call it, is their capacity of bringing something new to the table and this game totally does.It has mechanics I have never seen before, it is well balanced with enemies and traps, it feels a bit like a playable folk novel set on 19 houndreds in deep Canada, good story line and interesting to any who wants to learn a bit about amerindian mythology.Graphics, animations and voice acting are not great and some parts are a bit slow too, but besides that a fun game with good replay value. I got it when it got Greenlight at it has been more than worth it. Actually would love to see a Tome II with a sequel or prequel. Also would be great to see how the developers improve the weak aspects of this game and come up with a really awesome game!"
76561198031736762,Recommended,227220,18798514,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,cvengele,beautiful graphicsexcellent game mechanicsgreat story
76561197991768271,Recommended,227220,18931171,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,RaggetD94,Great game but it needs multiplayer so bad!
76561198015603671,Recommended,227220,2994277,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,CplDubriel,"Wow !!This is a  fantasy, strategic, folk, genuine and unique story driven incredibly deep tower defense game !"
,Recommended,227220,564252,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Sighman,I'd buy this just for the intro music ...
,Recommended,227220,603079,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Armorcommand,"Now here's a little gem.  You need to survive 24 nights out in the woods with all sorts of wolves, werewolves and other creatures coming after you.  During the day you see the map of the area and what/when creatures are coming.  You have a certain amount of action points and money to set traps in various locations, because you will not have time to deal with every creature.  After your strategy is set, you begin the night and see how well you planned.This game was incredibly enjoyable.  I'm glad to see there's still good ideas out there somewhere.  Hurrah and thank you!"
,Recommended,227220,18664413,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Wiener Man,"You one of those lads who really don't give a darn about the listed below? :- Graphics- Acting- Slow Pace-sh?In my honest opinion, love this game.. Not gonna lie it has been awhile since I played such a magnificent game. -hellyeahguy.jpg.Want to know why this game is really awesome in its own way?Buy it. Find out.(You've made it this far so im guessing you really want a hardcore pounding review.)|If you wanna make it back in the past and you're one of those people who really don't give two SHIETS! about graphics Or Acting. Don't listen to the rest of the bimbos down there who claim that a game has to have good graphics in order for it to be good. Or claim that the acting has to be tip top 5 star frogs ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tight voice acting. The story line is cringing and makes you want to punch devils in the face and shoot warewolves and crap. This is a fun game, with cool and unique gameplay mechinism. You like traps? Well they got traps. You like Muskets and shooting things including animals? Well you psycho you're in for good news. You like immense ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tightening hemroid building story lines? illtellyhujuat.mp3 this game has quite an awesome story line.My ancestors are smiling at me imperials. Can you say the same?This game is awesome. Buy my shirts and hallejuha-akbar and have fun .If you have a problem with my review. You can visit this site. @{LINK REMOVED}www.Corgiorgy.comAnd Write a very long uncared for message. Love yall enjoy the game.Wanna hear whats wrong with this game? I can write a whole list but ill shorten it..- Im wet.- Story is two short left me soft."
,Recommended,227220,18701279,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,buenaventura,It's good.
76561198032062601,Recommended,227220,4100855,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,TheSpoon,Just give it a try ^^
76561198045028647,Recommended,227220,18084530,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,calummc1888,Yes very well done werewolf game.
76561197970079390,Recommended,227220,378693,"Posted: 27 February, 2013",all,Tonymaster,Wildly original & highly entertaining :) 8/10
76561198017916265,Recommended,227220,17675030,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,SI9,"One of the most satisfying games I've ever played. You are completely underpowered, yet so balanced at the same time. Levels will take time, you will spend an incredible amount of time planning, and you will have to scrap your plans, but when your plans work, it is one of the most rewarding experiences a game has ever given me. This game will beat you down, you cannot beat it unless you have a mastery of your traps, and you will love it for not letting you take the easy way out."
,Not Recommended,227220,1105873,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,BloodFartOnYourChest,DONT GET IT!!!!!!DONT BUY IT!!!!DONT STEAL IT!!!IF SOMEONE GIFTS IT TO YOU - UNFRIEND THEM!!!THEN DONT ACCEPT IT!!!THIS GAME IS GARBAGE COVERED WITH DIRTY DIAPERS!!!!
,Recommended,227220,16642157,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Tuna Legs,Still waiting for tome II
76561198058817861,Recommended,227220,6090325,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Garamoth,Doesn't get much more French Canadian than this!
,Recommended,227220,13960906,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Richard,This is the Dark souls of action strategy games.
76561198038606655,Recommended,227220,8989546,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Spliffster75,This game was alot of fun and very challenging. the best part was that even if you found yourself struggling with a night or having to repeat a mission multiple times you still were excited to try again. it was well written and alot of fun to play.
76561198026331367,Recommended,227220,8873015,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Zerhu,"While it still being an indie game,it exceeded my expectations toward strategie and gameplay.With well explained tutorials and an easy to get interface, Sang-Froid still have a captivating story and well thought combat,you have to think before you confront your enemies and it gets harder and more complex as it goes.The voice acting and the cutscenes althought are poorly worked and give the feel that they are there just to fill this crucial point of a game.3/5"
76561197972499480,Recommended,227220,8873207,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Kal,"This same is great for a snowy day like today; I wonder if Steam had that in mind when they made it THE DAILY SALE!Brilliant!Great Canadian artwork and Audio, clever strategy, primal and mythical enemies of Canadian lore.Clear informative tutorials make complex challenging gameplay run smoothly and fun.An Axe, a musket, a bottle of rye and days preperations are all you have!"
76561197970625954,Recommended,227220,439006,"Posted: 25 February, 2013",all,john,I really love this game.  It's such a unique idea.
,Not Recommended,227220,8893593,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,XiVoid,Crashes after first level after tutorial. Every time. No way around it
,Recommended,227220,8894573,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Batman,Great game!
76561198022064116,Recommended,227220,8894787,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,GRkailas_0ld$ch0ol,Very Nice game with nice sound and story also and gameplay !
76561197996947699,Recommended,227220,8894792,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Bootmaster,"Really awesome game. Great atmosphere, story, sound and much more with a touch of scary moments. You will manage the controls easy and find time to drink the whiskey :)"
,Recommended,227220,8895089,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,PiddleMonster,"This game is AWESOME.  BE WARNED crybabies may not be able to handle it, not everything is handed to you....you know who you are."
76561198013184676,Recommended,227220,8895173,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Knight Brolaire of Asstoria,Fun way to kill an afternoon
,Recommended,227220,8895816,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Mel,"After playing this I have to say that starting up Sang-Froid I was charmed with the music, the opening loading screen may take a slight moment but in the end it's well worth it. You're greeted with a fantasticly drawn opening showing that the devil has come to lower Canada.You get to choose between two brothers Jos, and Jack; Jack is more for those who plan with their traps, while Jos is for the combat. I loved the trap placements in the game, found rarly any problems with my traps. Except when the creatures do not die. You will face a hefty challenge in this game but well worth the pay off each night. The voice acting is a little cheesy but I that's only the english voice overs since I think this game is meant for a french tone. But either way if you like to experience a challenging defense game I know Sang-Froid is the right game for you. I am certainly waiting for the next game."
76561198037410656,Recommended,227220,8895873,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,GabrielSTEEL,Its not a long game by any means but with a mix of first person shooter/hack and slash with pre-planning stratagies involved it's a game I really enjoyed.It is single player only but this game still gets two thumbs up from me!!!
,Recommended,227220,8896035,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,StartUpBroDown,"Omg the music in this game....TERRIFIC! I caught myself just lost in the beautiful folk instrumentals which compliments the games unique tower defense gameplay. The setting and plot fit this genre of game perfectly, having to defend cabins, mills, and your sick sister, in the snow-filled woods keeps your interest throughout each fairly brief level. I got this game on sale for $3.74 and I've played it more than games I've paid 4 times as much. Even at full price I believe this game has great value to anyone who is a fan of tower defense games and wants something fresh."
76561198020016988,Recommended,227220,8896342,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Grimlash,"Lots of fun, very in-depth. I highly recommend"
,Recommended,227220,8916821,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Penetranus,"This is very nice, cute and quite unique game. It's not perfect, but I got a lot of pleasure, playing it. The control is not very sensitive, and graphics are not perfect. But it has very good soundtrack, art, and interesting gameplay that somehow gives you totally different experience then other action/tower defence games. Totally recommended for those, who want to try  something different. Not recommended for people, that can't play without super cool graphics."
76561198007608469,Recommended,227220,8917719,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Corporal Ketchup,"Absolute GEM of a game, one of those indie games which just hits the right spot and delivers well with simple yet hugely satisfying and enjoyable gameplay.The levels are a blittle bit limited at 20 but they are all massive fun and the storyline is also quite enjoyable (even though the dialogue mgiht jump around from time to timeSo basically i loved every moment of it :) Played it through twice almost straight away!"
,Recommended,227220,432876,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,K1ckEM,One of the best Indies 2013
76561198026677137,Recommended,227220,9113460,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Dagan,This game is amazing! Everyone should play it!
,Recommended,227220,4911844,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,greyknight1187,"so pure, love it!"
76561198078348402,Recommended,227220,9137013,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,TheUndeadHippie,"Sang-Froid has an awesome combination of third-person action and a strategic, tower defense-esque concept which is employed at the start of each in-game day and will later help when fighting the wolves themselves. This is a perfect game to buy in the sales as I got for around £5 and it is definitely a good investment of your time and money."
76561198060262164,Recommended,227220,8943765,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,(Sm0k),"Every effort was made to try and not ruin the plot of the game throughout this review. However, no promises can be made.***Possible Spoilers follow***An amazing game for the price.  It is definitely unique, albeit a tad bit easy.  I started the game with Jos, although I really wanted Jack because I was hoping for more gunplay.  Changed to Jack after day 3 because it seemed a bit too easy to NOT play on the mode I had originally wanted.Although I found the gunplay severely lacking, I still enjoyed the game.  Honestly, aside from shooting Net traps or occasionally shooting enemies as they ran up, I rarely used my gun at all.  Even sitting on bonfires, I found it more advantageous to run out, do a full combo once or twice, and then run back into the saftey zone of the warming flames.However, when you think about it, that merges great with the historical and realistic (for a game about demons and werewolves) feel that the developers were trying to create. It wouldn't make much sense for you to be running around with a musket firing off round after round during the time period the game takes place in.I wasn't entirely thrilled by everything in the game though.  I spent a lot of the nights just sitting around waiting on my traps to go off and still using a good chunk of my AP on cutting lumber for money.  I actually found myself purposefully letting enemies get to my buildings each wave so I would have something to do.  If you understand how the traps work, you could literally clear almost every wave with traps alone.Overall the combat system itself was poorly made.  You get your ""autoattack"" consisting of left clicking up to 3 times for a combo (and with your stamina thats about 6-8 clicks until you fatigue) or rightclicking to spend your ""rage"" points. Once you learn the system its pretty childish.  Left click combo (3 clicks) to knock an enemy down, run / sprint in circles (run around and only sprint when they get close to avoid attack), and then combo again and repeat. Throw in an occasional Right-Click for a stamina-free attack/knockdown here and there. Doing this you could take on Wendigos and The Invisible Beast no problem. After around days 3-5 I never found myself using the roll (spacebar) except during fights with the ""Fireflies"". There was just no point in wasting all that stamina when a quick sprint away would dodge most if not all attacks and leave you with a lot more stamina.The ""Fireflies"" were probably the most annoying thing in the game.  Before you get the hang of fighting them, you will find youself constanly trying to take one down, only to find yourself slammed in the back by a fireball from another one and knocked down while the one you were fighting disappears underground to heal himself back up to full.  And thanks to the aforementioned combat system, you were really limited on your choices in fighting them with your axe.  Even once you learn how to fight them, you will still find yourself catching the occasional fireball and cursing at them.**Small spoilers**Which doesn't even matter towards the last few days of the game.  A very unique factor in the game was that enemies only took full damage from certain types of weapons (Normal, Blessed/Holy, or Silver).  So you had to decide what type of axe you wanted to bring with you or your types of bullets to stock up on (although as before, the gun is pretty useless unless you REALLY want to shoot something).  And then they add in THE AXE. Anyone who has played the game that far knows what I'm talking about, and others will know when they get there.This axe does full damage to everything. EVERYTHING. So now nothing is resistant anymore.  They basically took their system and threw it out the window for the last few days of the game, making the game even easier when it was supposed to be getting harder.  After you get the axe any combat is cake.  Wendigo? No problem (although a ballista will take it out in 1 shot with the skill point). I wouldn't recommend fighting a Wendigo hand-to-hand (because they cannot be knocked down, only backwards), but it is still pretty easy. And the Fireflies become cake. 15 Health? Kinda annoying to fight when they're resistant and can heal.  After the axe they go down in about 4 or 5 swings.**End Small Spoilers**A lot of the traps become obsolete later on as well. The wolf trap (20 AP and some money) is all well and good early on for insta-killing 1 wolf. Later on when the wolves come in packs of 3 there is little point to it. I put 1 point in trapping just so it would hold things (mainly Maikkans) for 10 seconds so I could set a spike trap and wait for more enemies to run up on the one stuck in place. Spike traps were better for the wolves because at 55 AP they save you AP and you can set them on the spawn point to drop the packs as soon as they zone in. The hanging nets become pretty much useless unless you want to use it on fireflies, and even then since it spreads the damage around between the enemies underneath you have to run up and finish them off.  I found that setting a Cross under a net, shouting, activating cross when they got near, letting it do some damage, and then dropping the trap was the best way for clearing a group of fireflies with minimum effort. And bonfires were pretty much useless because, as I mentioned earlier, you could get through almost every wave in the game without really having to fight anything if you set your traps right.**Small Ending Spoiler**And the ending itself was just, bleh.  There was no real feeling that you had finished the game.  It just ends like any other day in the game. There was no big feeling of triumph after you had finished it. It ends on a definite cliffhanger, but for the time put into the game the ending just isnt there. You get like 30 seconds of cutscene or so like you would any other day of the game.  You don't even reunite with the brother whose soul you saved. Everything was building up to you defeating this super demon and saving the village, you defeat it, and then thats it. A small cutscene, and its over.  Nothing about saving the village, saving your sister, saving your brother, nothing. It just ends, and rather poorly at that.  I even found myself googling the ending afterwards to see if I had missed something.**End Ending Spoiler**But all of that aside, there was something about the game that compelled me to finish it.  It could have been the gamer in me that didn't want to leave a game I had bought unbeaten. It could have been the uniqueness of the game itself.  But everything aside, I did find the game very enjoyable for the price and would recommend people to pick it up. Some people may want to wait to pick it up on sale (I got mine on sale) because although $15 for the game isnt a bad price at all, the game DOES lack a certain polish that would make it a must-have. I would definitely recommend that it at least gets placed on your wish list and for you to pick it up at some point, because it is definitely a unique and intriguing game even with the flaws in the game itself.I would like to see a sequel made, but the developers are really going to need to flesh it out a lot more to make it worthwhile, and the story is going to need to have some major work put into it. It felt like it was just a side thought to the game to spice it up a little bit in between the repititive nightly routine the game falls in to."
76561198018707283,Recommended,227220,8947618,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Craats,"Great game! I loved every minute of it.Especially great music!I think the story is great, and I love the fact that you can build the ziplines."
,Recommended,227220,9404633,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,anarchangel_s,"The only negative point in this game is its length - 12 hours for Joseph, 15 hours for Jacques - and that's all folks. But on the other hand, you are not getting tired of the game. All other sides of Sang Froid - tactical planning, night fights, story (maybe, a bit naive, however, still fascinating) - are making this game really interesting. If you are interested in unusual games - it's your game. If your're going just to have some fun - it's still your game"
76561198013809346,Recommended,227220,9405507,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,The_Wise_Weasel,"Unique setting, simple but not dull combat as the combination of traps and weapons keeps things fresh... all in all, an excellent little effort. And I do mean little; it takes place over twenty days, meaning twenty levels, and then it's done. On the downside, the voice acting is mediocre, though not ""Oh dear sweet Cthulhu devour my mind that I may be free of this torment"" level (see: Disciples 3, Dawn of War). Seriously, though, you've set your game in frontier Canada, your main characters are French-Canadian, and you couldn't find any Quebecois to help with any of the voice acting? All the same, this game is a throwback to classics like The Horde and its newer versions in Orcs Must Die and other tower defense FPSs, and is fun, compelling, and challenging. Totally worth one's $15."
76561198034432601,Recommended,227220,9436851,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,MandaPanda ʕ﻿ •ᴥ•ʔ,"Sang-froid: Tales of Werewolves is a action/strategy game that was surprisingly entertaining. I did not expect to fall in love with this game as much as I did. You play one of the two feuding brothers who have to work together to protect their sister from the Devil. The story takes place in a snowy village in Canada during the 19th Century.The game has a great balance between action and strategy.  During the day you can go to town, buy a better musket and/or axe to fight the werewolves with.  There are also health, stamina, increase damage potions and a lot more.  You can head to the convent to have one of the nuns bless your axe or bullets which increases your damage to the werewolves but this will eat into some of your money.  You can use the rest of your money to then buy traps and set up how you are going to defeat the waves of werewolves that come in the night.  Anything that gets passed your trap you will have to shoot or strike with an axe.At first you just start by protecting the house your sister is resting in but the game eventually adds four more buildings that you have to protect, adding more of a challenge.  In addition, the game eventually adds a smell factor into your planning.  Your scent is carried by the wind, which changes direction everyday.  Your scent can either ruin or better your strategy depending on how you use it.  The game adds another mechanic that is called Fear Factor.  With this you are able to intimidate the wolves and be able to handle multiple wolves at a time.  In the beginning it's not that complicated and there is not much planning you have to do but as the story progresses the more time you spend planning out your strategy.A feature I liked about the game is that if something doesn't go right during the night and wolves start to overwhelm you, you can go back and make minor tweaks to your strategy and try new things out.  Towards the end there are a couple of days that are tough and you will have to do some trial and error strategy’s but I really enjoyed that part as well.At the start of the game you choose which brother you would like to use.  You are given a basic musket and a basic axe.  You can upgrade them using your money and also improve it's skills with a skill tree.  As you gain EXP (by killing wolves) you will gain levels and get a skill point for every level you earn.  You can then spend that skill point into a skill tree to improve your gun, axe, health, stamina, fear factor, or traps.The music in the game is really strange but in a good way.  It's very catchy and I enjoyed it as it went well with the time and theme of the game.The voice acting is... not the best... unfortunately.  I think it could have been quite a lot better.  The voice acting isn't a deal breaker for me though, I can get passed it and just listen to the story and enjoy the gameplay.Bad voice acting aside, the game is wonderful and I can't wait for Tome II to come out.  I really enjoyed it, the story is good, the combat is fun and planning out your night I found to be the funnest part.  I will be replaying it again as the other brother."
,Recommended,227220,9354349,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Tulki (´ಠωಠ`),Interesting story and extremely stressful gameplay.I went into cardiac arrest in every chapter of the second half. Almost died multiple times 8/10.
,Recommended,227220,9409776,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Vanellope Von Schweetz ♥,This game was alot better than i thought. Great gameplay. Fun strategizing. Storyline is ok. In depth gameplay .
76561198043593476,Recommended,227220,8789024,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Novageir,"Sang-Froid appeals to me in a huge way, there is very little that I actually dislike about this game. The game is very creative and also innovative for games in general; adding interesting mechanics and ideas that are difficult to find in any other game!Simple things like having enemies able to fear you, smell you and hear you, make this game stand out from anything else you could find.What I like:- Great progression - The game is constantly adding new mechanics, enemies, traps and weapons, so it never becomes stale.- Planning - Allowing you to set up traps and decide what to defend during the day, and setting the plan in motion at night is a brilliant idea, and feels so rewarding when you accomplish the level.- The Lore - I usually don't pay attention to the setting of the games world, but Sang-Forid makes me care about the folk history, the overall aesthetic to the game is really amazing.- The Music - The music appeals to me in EVERY GODDAMN WAY POSSIBLE, simply fantastic. It is also very fitting for the world it is set in!What I dislike/ could have been improved:- The story/ Dialogue - I am interested in the story, but due to the fact it was made by french developers the translation from French to English can sometimes come off poor or cheesy, not all the dialogue is bad though and most of the voice actors are actually quite good. It is sadly just not as strong as the rest of the game, but the fact that the developers were able to pull it off in the first place is a positive in my opinion!If you haven't guessed it already, I adore this game and would recommend it to anyone and everyone!"
,Recommended,227220,3485893,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,P. Charming,Fantastic work here. I finished normal mode right at 14 hours and really enjoyed my stay. I'm sure I'll spend more time with this one.Support good games!
,Recommended,227220,4178164,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,nasawhy,Yes!
,Recommended,227220,9330245,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Bob Loblaw,Decent game. Bought it mostly for its astonishing soundtrack.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJs4WNYN4Aw
,Recommended,227220,8823349,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,ATF_Aoshi Stark //,"I was once lost, a shell of a man wandering this modern world. I kept asking myself, ""Was I born too late? Did I miss my true era?"" When a man yerns for the rustic outdoors...when he wishes he could carve himself a corn-cobbed pipe, drink a pint of whiskey and go chop down white pine trees in the wintery north wearing nothing but a flanel shirt and wool pants...he should think of Sang-Froid. Every level I played of this game made me want to drink like a lumberjack till I couldn't feel feelings then wrestle a bear with my shirt off. And every morning I'm forced to shave off the magnificent beard that grew thanks to this game's ungodly manliness it bestowed upon me. If you too wish to be a woodland-god of testosterone whose mere glance causes wolverines to wet themselves in fear then by god you have to buy Sang-Froid now. It will change your life."
76561197994443530,Recommended,227220,8902112,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,thevoiceofdog,A deep and challenging action/strategy/tower defense hybrid game with a decent presentation and cool folksy Canadian music.  It's very satisfying when your plans work out.
,Recommended,227220,15327328,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,KingdomGnark,"Sang-Froid - Tales of Werewolves was WAY better than expected. A tasteful mix of action, tower defense, and RPG elements combine to deliver a delicious experience accompanied by AMAXING music!The graphics are a bit simple, and the physics are sometimes a little weird, but the gameplay is phenominal.Gameplay example:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6mJSW-l2mM"
76561198041432553,Recommended,227220,15396999,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Aarithian,"The music is almost reason enough to get it.But since this is an AMAZING defense game, you should get it anyways.The only complaint is the melee system kinda is rough, but the game is very likable.Hope they make a sequel :)"
,Recommended,227220,2430196,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,?!,+1
,Recommended,227220,16429899,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,bananoman,super awsome game the soundtrack ever they should sell it
,Recommended,227220,16293510,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,agraphia,"Amazing game. If you are like me and care for the overall feel and gameplay, you will not notice the little flaws. 9/10, strongly suggested."
76561198031396215,Recommended,227220,15083123,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,AlanGreenspan,"A neat combination of tower defense and 3rd person action. Had a good feel to it. A thinking mans game that allows you to strategize, then immediately challenge your choices. And werewolves, come on!"
,Recommended,227220,3029627,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,MurphyD,"Awesome art-style and soundtrack. Gameplay is very unforgiving, with the need for varying amounts of planning for upcoming waves. Great concept for a game which sorely needs a multiplayer function to make this game even more enjoyable. Overall this game tests your skill as a strategist and is very rewarding when missions are completed, especially on the higher difficulties. I'd advise trying to unlock steam achievements whilst playing, it just increases the fun. 7.7/10"
76561197997886407,Recommended,227220,7493627,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,AgileJoe,awesome!
76561198001056996,Recommended,227220,14110492,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Schmofo,"Gets Repetitive over time, however its a pretty interesting game to kill time."
,Recommended,227220,14380029,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Jack Nimble,"Beautiful atmosphere (especially the soundtrack), relatively innovative tactical mechanics, enough challenge should you want that but not unmanageable. I enjoyed my romp through this game."
76561198007096425,Recommended,227220,2421755,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,sciencedude,"Original ""canadian"" tower defence"
,Recommended,227220,6708776,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Spaghetti on Your Overalls,"Let me start this review/ reccomendation by saying this: This is the most Canadian game in exsistance. Never has there been a game more Canadian. So disclaimer, if you do not like Canadians ( or thinking, since it is a stratagy game) this is not the game for you. Now that thats done with, lets begin.Sang Froid: Tales of Werewolves is an action/ stratagy blend set in Canada( go figure) in the late 1850's. It follows Jack and Jos defending their land and their sister from attacks from hell. Night after night new paths open up, and occasionally new buildings to defend, making it harder for you to defend. Sang Froid: Tales of Werewolves is a great reddemer to Werewolves and Canadians alike since the series that shall not be named ( I know its set in Washington State, but everyone is more Canadian than American, and if you cant figure out what it is then heres a hint: Still a better love story than ________."
,Recommended,227220,8059691,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Xiemos,"I admit, the game looks a little rough around the edges, but it's a phenomenal take on tower defense games .The cutscenes are a little cheesy, the graphics aren't all that great, but the gameplay is unparalleled. Each 'mission' you have a set amount of money to spend on traps... the more efficient you are at not wasting money, the more money you can spend on better gear/upgrades/etc. This creates a sort of minimalist approach.. you're constantly trying to place as little traps as possible, and setting up a perfect wave by wave traps and backup plans that you can fall back on if something doesn't hit. The feeling of satisfaction you get when you pull of a perfectly planned 5+ wave defense is like nothing I've felt before in a game. Even when something goes amiss and you manage to pull through by the skin of your teeth.. it's great. There's enough RPG skill tree mechanics and 3rd person fighting skill to make it a lot more 'alive' then your normal TD game, too. Buy it! You won't regret it."
,Recommended,227220,8150422,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Mode,"Sang-Froid is a really interesting and innovative hybrid action-strategy game. Each level consists of a planning/strategy phase where you spend time & money to set up traps followed by an action phase where you attempt to defeat the wolves & other enemies with your traps, axe, and musket, earning money for each kill. The voice acting is uneven but none of it's nails-on-chalkboard, the difficulty curve is very smooth, and the in-game tutorials are quite adequate. Also, fun."
,Recommended,227220,2051262,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Kale,"I got this for $7.49 during a sale. Warning: This is a indie title. If you can't stand games that are not perfect, turn around now.Gameplay: You play as one of any two brothers that each night fight to defend their cabin as well as other buildings as you progress. Each night you prepare your map from a top down perspective by putting down traps and obstacles to slow down, damage, and/or kill waves of   werewolves and other creatures. During this time you can also travel to the nerby village to buy supplies(a hub of storefronts). Here buy drinks that heal or give you bonus, supplies, and upgrades your weapons(axe and rifle). When you are ready the night begins and you are put into third person to fight each wave.The story/animation/voice acting is what you would expect of a indie game. Not terrible, but not that amazing.If this is for around $5 and don't mind something differen't, give this game a shot. It is one of those gems you never hear about."
76561197964067263,Recommended,227220,171214,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,Eyemite,"Follows the exact same formula as ""the horde"" made about 15 years ago and staring kirk cameron, this is a very nice change of pace.  Fun and smart strategy that isn't hard to learn with many different approaches to dispatching your enemies.  I generally do not like strategy games but this throws in enough 3rd person hack and slash and fps sniping to make it worth 15$ easy.  Not a bread and butter game but enough hours here for 2 thumbs up."
,Recommended,227220,8028626,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,banished_one,"A beautiful meld of 3rd Person Action and strategy set in early 1800s Canadian woods, swinging heavily towards strategy part. Main goal of the game is to defend various buildings of importance from the attacks of wolves and werewolves during the night by setting up traps during the day. Selection and placement of traps is incredibly important, it's almost like a puzzle game. Game doesn't force you solve every puzzle perfectly though. When things don't go the way you hoped you can always let your axe do some of the work. You can also customize your character with unlockable skills and items which opens up different solutions.Story is rather interesting, presented almost as a graphic novel. Really nice soundtrack and probably the best musket action I've seen in a game. What's also worth noting is how well the enemies and combat are balanced. You won't be facing generic tower defense creeps which die by the dozens when you sneeze at them. Game really makes you respect the enemies here as even a single werewolf can make you sweat if you mess up your traps.Overall, anyone who's into one of either strategy, tower defense, puzzle or resource management will really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,227220,549628,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,TekDragon,"A continuing evolution of the Tower Defense + OTS Combat genre, Sang-Froid strikes an amazing balance between so many different gameplay elements. A dark and well crafted story weaves the campaign together and keeps you engaged from start to finish.During the day you can examine the types of monsters that will attack during the next night and the routes they'll take. You then use your time units and money to place traps. Leftover time can be used to generate additional funds, which can be spent in the town on weapons, ammo, trinkets, and consumables.By tying money and time together, Sang-Froid forces you to make tough decisions when planning your day. It's a balance between putting the bare-minimum of traps down so you can afford upgrades without getting yourself killing the process.Combat at night is fun and tense, with good controls and a variety of monsters that need special tactics to take down. You'll find yourself juggling defending different objectives and, once again, your greatest enemy is time as you fight to clear one attack as quickly as possible so you can make it to the next objective in time.Over-all a great game on many levels, and a must-buy for anyone that enjoys Tower Defense, werewolves, or strategic OTS combat."
76561197964152755,Recommended,227220,7357570,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,mrpuck,"Awesome little Indie Game, and often can be had for $5.  If you like tower defense type games, mixed with action found in Orcs Must Die 1 or 2.  Then this is a must buy.  More strategy with your traps then straight up action in Orcs, but fun regardless."
76561198060593306,Recommended,227220,8318408,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tickle Pants,"Sang-Froid, is a strange game. It is a mix of tower / trap defence that is very simila to orcs must die! However this is a poor copy of the latter. It is clunky and buggy with very little room for personal choice. While the game gives you options in terms of traps it however does not in the way you use them if you wish to win.Some good features are the story, the music and the art style which is quite quirky and fun.The bad is that there is little to no freedom for the player and the game is quite buggy.In this case I would not recomend the game unless it is on sale and you have a lot of patience.Ticklepants"
76561198074084469,Recommended,227220,10389118,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,kittybubblez,"Surprisingly a really good game. Sometimes you start a game and they are so into their world that they give you a novel length of information that you can't possibly retain. This story simply gives you the details you need and who the characters are. Along with that, the tutorials are great. I hate the ones the that make you perform every action, ""Swing sword, good, you swung you sword."" This gives each thing a quick little video to basically tell you what to do without boring you to death. The voice acting needs a little work.So one sale or not, buy the game."
76561198019009116,Recommended,227220,10352964,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Legacy,"Not even through the entire prologue yet and this gives me chills at what I'm getting into. Rather challenging and fun TD-ish game. Pretty unique, given how levels require you to plan, bait, and trap enemies rather than set up grids of death for them to grind through like a majority of toward defense games. Being a piece on the field yourself as one of the main characters, needing to watch your step,and  stay one move ahead of packs of werewolves (and other bump-in-the-night things) brings a whole new thrill TD for me.Only regret is not buying this sooner. I'm hoping that Tome 2 definitely comes out soon."
,Recommended,227220,10339069,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Mason,"This is a Masterpiece! Awesome, fast real time RPG gameplay. Really nice character advancement and great implementation on the strategic part of the game. Beautiful dialogs followed by an ""old school"" cartoon/puppet theater. And above all... Challenging as ♥♥♥♥! :DIt makes you wanna play and play and play...."
76561198067045540,Recommended,227220,16104281,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Chud,I had a great time playing this game. Fun and challenging with great style.
76561198142665973,Recommended,227220,15437779,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,negatiw91,I was sold on intro music
76561198031729345,Recommended,227220,4080093,"Posted: 25 February, 2013",all,Hairy Kid Joe,I cannot advocate this game strongly enough. Its just plain great.
76561198129415471,Recommended,227220,15490326,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,PugzNotDrugz,A very different and unique strategy game. Excellent fun!
76561198032822863,Recommended,227220,15493749,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,fejkademail,"A visually ""simplistic"" game but very charming and well done.The story is interesting, personal and the characters are well written.The gameplay is probably the selling point of the game. Surviving the night can be challenging and planning is crucial for success. It's a game every strategy-enthusiast should try."
76561198065942301,Recommended,227220,15479489,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,andrwtyr1,"So far so good.:D =Love the lore and spookiness covering the whole gameThe way the wolves circle you; the fear-factor tactic is brilliant.  Really adds tension and that ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ now I'm gonna die"" feeling.Love the upgadable skills.Love the story.Love the multiple point/currency systems: Action Points, Money, EXP...:'( =Not sure if it just FEELS like there's a control lag, of if there actually IS one.....My normal ""best defense is a good offense"" tactic doesn't really work......... LOLSpent the night with all my kids cause they thought the wolves were coming to get them.....Great game for those who love werewolf lore and/or hunting supernatural creatures... or being hunted by them....8/10"
,Recommended,227220,15463139,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,GoldBeatX,not bad game.The music in the game is  wery nice.Game   has got good gameplay.The art in the game is very nice il give it      8.5/10
,Recommended,227220,15782233,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Falco,"This is a great underrated game!The story is very straightforward and predictable which could have been polished and worked on.But the focus of the game is in the strategy mechanic over the traps. And the levels can be very tricky if you're stingy and keep trying to save money instead using your traps. So it's a good challenge and you can finish the levels in many different ways.Definitely recommend buying the game, specially if it is on sale."
76561198053428792,Recommended,227220,10535928,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Der_Axl,"This game is awesome.The mechanics and the characters are really good.The only downside is the old-fashioned graphics, but if you can overcome it, you'll have fun."
,Recommended,227220,13767910,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Gajo que só esta a ser carregado,Awesome intro song! And very nice game
76561198018663849,Recommended,227220,13753289,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Krakenoid,Did not give me testicular cancer!The 'cut scenes' in this game are hilariously bad.  So much so that I have to put little parenthesis around 'cut scenes' because I'm not convinced that's the right word for it. Game play is alright. It can be fun!Do not expect a sequel.
76561198110687404,Recommended,227220,13756365,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,rolanddeschain,"bought it at 80% off and thats the 2 pounds i dont regret spending.however at the original price i would quite probably skip this game.now its not bad. but lets face it, there is  work still to be done on the game.ofcourse some might say the HUD is artistic. i say its haphazard"
76561198006844203,Recommended,227220,13165916,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,AFlyingKangaroo,"Very fun, well explained and challenging game. Mix both strategy and action. In sales it's a given jump on that one."
,Recommended,227220,13688781,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nakkiel,Got drunk on whiskey and beat a werewolf to death.10/10
76561197995231109,Recommended,227220,1597798,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,Laho,An excellent game for those who like a more active twist on the Tower Defense genre. Its closer to Orcs Must Die than Dungeon Defenders but prior planning and execution is much more important than in either of those. It's a difficult game but very rewarding. The music and setting are a big plus.
76561198059068031,Recommended,227220,12324395,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,e_sanders25,"Having picked this up for just a couple dollars during a Steam sale I can honestly say I am not sure if I've ever received this much enjoyment for so little money.I had spotted the game on Greenlight many months ago and was intrigued by the novel and clever premise for a hybrid strategy/tactics/action. Even then at the 15 dollar mark I was strongly considering the purchase if the game turned out to be good fun. Sadly, the game flew in under my radar on release and I forgot all about it until I noticed it at the top of the User Review list on the Steam sales page.You play as one of two brothers living in the woods on the outskirts of Wolvesdale, somewhere in Canada. The winters are harsh here and the prowling wolves even harsher. Lil' Jos, the burly big brother is more than capable of whopping wolves with his axe, shooting them with his musket, and setting traps. The other Brother, Jack, is a more frail sort and you will have to lean heavily on your ingenuity with traps to succeed with Jack as your choice.At the start of the game you are first introduced to Jack and soon thereafter, Jos and their sister Josephine. Josephine has come down with a fever after a travesty at the local church parish involving the pastor. I won't spoil the story for you, as it does a fine job of effortlessly tossing the Christian and pagan at you without being heavy handed or conciously offensive. Christian motifs figure prominently in the story as well as pagan and Native American belief. The characters are well done and push the story along quite well.Josephine begins to prophecy foreboding events and the two brothers resolve to get her to town for medical treatment. After the nearby bridge has mysteriously burned down, events begin to domino toward ever more sinister happenings. You'll face two varieties of wolves, 2 varieties of werewolves, and a handful of other mythical creatures such as the Amerindian 'Maikan"" which amounts to their verison of the werewolf myth, as well as Will-o-Wisps and the like. The Devil plays a major role and is puppetering the corrupted pastor and townsfolk to play out his wicked game in an attempt to destroy the townsfolk, the brothers and their sister. The writing is solid and the voice acting is competent. I'm enjoying the cutscenes story unfold into the missions you are tasked with.The main game consists of a pre-game tactical strategy map where you purchase and place any number of devious traps to incapacitate and dispose of the hellish fiends. The game has a good learning curve and introduces you to the myriad devices slowly; as it should. This aspect of the game is very reminiscient of the Bullfrog Dungeon Master games of years gone by. Great fun is to be had plotting your tactics to deal with the many waves of enemies that are tasked with destroying your assorted buildings. To write of all the many traps and how to use them would amount to a miniature FAQ and so I will leave much of that to you, dear reader, to research. To say the developers gave you a treasure trove of gadgets is putting it mildly.At the beginning of each match you are also able to use the money you acquire from defeating the creatures to purchase better weapons, ammo and gear. A coventry nearby can bless your bullets or axes, respectively, so as to deal greater damage to the diabloical creatures. The general store sells an ever increasing number of muskets that have authentic descriptions of their real world counterparts with some very nifty trivia thrown in. You also can purchase new gear and ammo. And the hotel furnishes you with an assortment of liquors that have varying effects on your character in battle.During the match proper, you will be scurrying as your very life does depend on it. Following the routes you planned during the pre-game phase you will have to be front and center for certain traps to be effective. The deadly net trap requires you to shoot the net and drop it on the creatures below. If you have a bait present under the net you simply take your time and fire. Otherwise, you'll have to get crafty and 'shout' for your enemy to come inspect the area. Bonfires help buff the 'fear factor' that  keeps the creatures at a distance as they prowl slowly around you looking to strike. During this time you can reload your musket and go for the headshot without worrying about being ripped to shreds.  Fire walls can be strategically placed to alter the route of your enemy. Watchtowers with ziplines to other parts of the map are a lifesaver when you need to 'be there' quickly to prevent destruction of your precious buildings. This is only a smattering of the many traps available. Nevermind all the possibilities on how to use them in conjunction with each other.And I haven't even touched on the player levels. Much like an RPG, you earn experience points that allow you to upgrade many traits. Typical character buffs like more health, stamina, and the like as well as quicker reloading and stronger traps are available. But there are also quite a few unique buffs such as poisoned bait that damages the devouring creature or increasing the damage done as a 'sniper' if you should decide to try for a shot from one of your watchtowers.I could go on and on about all the neat features of this game with impunity. The game is well balanced and is a blast to play once you grasp the game mechanics. Most of the game elements will feel familiar to the hobby gamer. But by combining them in such a manner requires an enjoyable pause for thought that many modern games no longer ask of you. To have my intelligence and keyboard savvy simultaneously challenged has been a real treat.  The art style is charming and the music very well done. The graphics are rather modest for a modern game and have a World of Warcraft nature to them but serve the game quite well.  Artifice Studio is officially on my list of promising developers to watch.I cannot recommend this game strongly enough. Especially for the money. A MUST BUY!"
,Recommended,227220,1883813,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Nanoworlder,"After finally finishing this game, I've decided to give it a more proper review.Set in the mid 19th century Canada, the O'Carrolls brothers, Joseph and Jacque, have to protect their sickly bedridden sister, Josephine, from wolves, werewolves, and other nasty creatures that dwell in the forest.If you have playedOrcs Must Die!then you should be familiar with this type of defense game: lay down the traps, create detours, and if need be get into the fray. But there are a few differences that set it apart fromOrcs Must Die!.First difference is that there is more or less one map. But that map grows and evolves as one progress through the campaign. Rivers freezing over or a section of forest being cleared opens up new paths for enemies to attack your buildings, but it also means more ways to delay those enemies and  more fronts to ambush them as well.Second, trap placement emphasizes location and combination over sheer quantity. One can only place traps at dawn and cannot be moved once the night begins. This means one must take the time to consider enemy paths (and later on, wind direction), when placing traps so that one may effectively deal with each wave of enemies. In addition, traps often work best when used in combination with other traps. While an explosive barrel may take out many enemies that just happen to pass by, bait can placed near the barrel so that enemies bunch up in a small area, thus greatly increasing the kill count.Finally, fighting feels more intense and personal. There are relatively few enemies per level, but that only means each one of them poses more of threat. Melee attacks share the same Stamina resource used for sprinting and rolling, so one can only chain up a limited number of attacks before leaving one open for a counter attack. Ranged weapons are reflective of the time period, so each shot must be used effectively as the weapon only hold one bullet and takes several seconds to reload. But thankfully one can intimidate enemies so that they hesitate to attack, thus buying precious time to replenish stamina and to reload.Overall, I recommend this game to anyone who is looking for game that test one's planning skills as well as anyone who is looking to experience a new setting in videogames."
76561197984490129,Recommended,227220,13382512,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Dust45,"The story...leaves something to be desired (great idea, poor execution). Gameplay, music, and art more than make up for it."
,Recommended,227220,13235580,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,blob,"One of the most underrated games of 2013, Sang-froid has absolutely amazing and fresh game design. It cleverly brings the gameplay elements one at a time to let you get familiar with each of them but it's up to you to truly understand how to master the game and to develop strategy to survive each night. The game is super well balanced, never too much nor too little money. Just enough to get by, and successful plans feel greatly rewarding. With that Sang-froid explores a really nice part of the canadian folklore. The music match that mood perfectly and do a great job at immersing you in the game. The one and only thing I can criticize about the game truly is the quality of the voice acting, the 3D models and the animations. It doesnt really get in the way except during the cutscenes. The rest is bloody brilliant."
,Not Recommended,227220,13262362,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Lavador,broken and not worth it
,Recommended,227220,428537,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,vert,"It's a little rough around the edges(especially some of the 3rd person combat at night), but for what it is I'm having a blast with it. Fun to plan out your traps and route during the day and experiment with that for the night time battles. You can tell by the animations in the story that a lot of work didn't go in to that side of it, but the actual story is decent and the gameplay is fun, which is what counts. I recommend it, especially if you happen to find it on sale! 7 out of 10 imo"
,Recommended,227220,13281475,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Nystagohod,"I'll admit I was very wary of this game when I took my first glimpse in it's direction. While othing seemed mechanicly wrong with the game from the get go, nothing really stood out to me either as anything worthwhile. However with a recent sale, and a good friend of mine recomending it every chance he got, I decided to pick the game of and give it an honest chanceThe first thing I'll mention aout the game is that while the combat has a clunky feel to it, it's surprisingly enjoyable and really fits the theme of the game, if theirs any time I found myself frustrated with an outcome in combat it was because I hadn't managed properly and felt the weight of it come crashing down on me. You play one of two lumberjacks fighting the Devil and his werewolf, spirit army. Pretty badass concept but it's up to you to be the badass of the story, the game won't do it for you.Resource management is key to winning this game, and the trap and resource system is set up harsh but fairly. You really need to pay atention to what your actually able to spend on upgrading your personal gear like weapons, protective clothing and consumables, because while a good axe or rifle may come in handy, they only help you against one or two enemies before your overwhelmed, however a proper trap could take out four enemies in one go, nothing beats a properly executed trap.The game also has a fear system, allowing you to scare off certain enemies , and help even the odds against the packs of wolves that often surround you. Alot of enjoyment is to be found making your enemies hesitate to atack you and start having to size you up before their confident enough to strike again.Lastly but cerainly not least is the soundtrack to this game. This game has one of the best soundracks I've ever heard. It definitely has music you can stomp your foot to (I speak from experience on this.) The music of this game brings everything to another lvel, it makes combat even more enoyable, it gives you a goo sense of the world, and it's just plain fun to listen too.In short Sang-Froid is a challenging but rewarding game that offers fun gameplay, a badass story, and some of the best music you'll ever hear in a video game, if not just in general. I'd recomend this game to anyone who likes a nice challenge and is a fan of strategy. I'd give Sang-Froid an 8/10. It's not the highest budjet game, but you most certainly et your dollars worth for it, most of that with the soundtrack alone."
76561198057589174,Recommended,227220,13270970,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Riena,"Amazin game, the nights make you full of fear :) while the battle engine may not be the best on the market, but it has some unique and very interesting ideas, I loved the fear factor. But the best is the strategy part. I can spend an hour planning for the next night , it is just an interesting process by itself."
,Recommended,227220,13134840,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,mobias,"One of the great little gems to shine out of the cacaphony overload of indie games on Steam. I grew up in minnesota, so when I saw werewolves, and canadian foklore, and RTS AND action...I hit the purchase button faster than a Wendigo sneezes ice. It has a great folky soundtrack, and great hand-drawn visuals, especially the menu and town interfaces.Being that it is indeed an indie game, the game budgets and amount of people working on this  title would be laughable to a mega-corp like Ubisoft or the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly EA. So there are a few expected rough areas, but they don't detract from the overall game. Mainly, the voice acting was terrible, I felt like random people off the street were pulled in to read children’s books to 1rst graders. If they every make a TOME II, it would be great if they addressed this. Conversely, the sounds while playing the game and the music are very well done. It really sends a shiver up your spine playing this in your room at night, the sounds of the wind rushing through trees, the crack of branches and snarls and howls of the beasts just over the hill expertly done to always create the feeling you will be attacked at any moment.Mechanically the game works pretty smooth, and is challenging to say the least. It creates tense and relentless action when you hit the go button; it actually is scary in a way. There is a sense of dread and nervousness as you hover your mouse over the ‘begin’ button…setting in motion the nights terrors upon you.  You hope things will work out and you will survive, but it always feels as if the odds are stacked against you. My one complaint is the pacing...the skill tree becoming unlocked only started to open up toward the end, and by the time I could really afford some better weapons, there were only a couple missions left. I wish there was a patch to adjust this a bit. I love a challenge, but I hate seeing cool things that I can't afford and can't have fun using, then it’s over. When it was over though, I can say it was definitely a sense of accomplishment! This makes me want to go back now, play with the harder brother and see if I can get those last few achievements, which are not just filler achievements.Overall, for a couple bucks, this game is well worth it, is unique, and hope to see their next game...though it looks vastly different in theme. A great 'first' game for this small team in Canada!"
,Recommended,227220,14049689,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Calcifer,Sang-Froid is an awesome buy for $1.50! it blends action and strategy nicely and sort of reminds me of a zombie defense type game except it takes place in the late 1800s in a small lumberjack village and you're fighting off hordes of wolves and werewolves and you can lay traps down to even the odds. Also has a nice combat system with a fear factor level. Check out my video review to see the game hands onhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4fECBsJhw8&feature=youtu.be
76561198149056060,Recommended,227220,14051517,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,KawaiiFishキティ™,Love the game Its hard challenging strategy and fighting. I realy recommend it.
,Recommended,227220,14089939,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,leg,"The most innovative strategy genre blender that I've played. Ruthless, unrelenting yet completely rewarding. The story and VO lacks but the heart of this game is like no other."
,Recommended,227220,13978483,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Krono,"Fifty random purchased games later, including top tier mass market titles, I find myself wishing there were a sequel to Sang-Froid due to it's inexplicably enjoyable gameplay and story-telling style.  It has a great recipe that few other games out there can duplicate for anyone whom enjoys strategy style gaming."
76561198148689990,Recommended,227220,13978743,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Peace-enforcer,Game is a very good blend of hack & slash RPG and survival game. Considering that it also has strategic elements it is an enjoyable and rewarding game.
76561198170203047,Recommended,227220,13987406,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,m2a0t0t0,Very fun and entertaining game! Thank you Artifice Studio!
76561197970597310,Recommended,227220,434914,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Chaosegg,"Tower defense + strategy + action... unique, well made and fun. Wishing I had bought more copies to gift out while it was on sale."
76561198015619276,Recommended,227220,2995388,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,benjammin4-20,Awsome game for a good price. The best indie game I have played since bastion.
76561198033051231,Recommended,227220,4160740,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Marschmellow,"I can´t believe this game is on sale for 1,49€. I´m somehow happy that I have paid more. It´s an incredibly authentic game with lovely featured characters and landscapes. Do not expect a AAA title with extremly high resolutions and the budget was limited of course, but the way it´s designed has got its own charm."
76561198031294251,Recommended,227220,13962321,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TK0_Tsunami,"Great..........fun................addicting......................its like indie crack,cant get enough10/10"
76561198083536833,Recommended,227220,13960917,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Censored,"Fresh concept, no bugs in the first hour, mix between strategical planning and simple slash & hack combat. The atmospheric music is a highlight here. The visualisation is not what you know from AAA titles, but absolutely OK. Really enjoyed it and can recommend this product to you. Especially at the price it has at the moment."
76561198091947134,Recommended,227220,13948807,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,GraemeGunn,Would be better without the abysmal voice acting.Great game though!
,Recommended,227220,420077,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,UncertainZero,"Terrible voice acting, terrible script, terrible cut-scenes but it's a blast to play. Just skip all the story between the missions because it's the gameplay that really makes this game shine."
,Recommended,227220,14039500,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rowlaz,Difficult at times but really fun!
,Recommended,227220,12954336,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,GroundDeadFilip,Some people had some problems with starting or playing this game. I did not. Fun game with concept I did not try before and I really enjoyed it. Enjoyed the story too. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,227220,9667182,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Saiyu,"This Game is amazingly good, it has so many good aspects that make it worth playing. i had a good 9 hours or so in this game so it isnt that short , its very enjoyable all the way through.  if you want a fun tower defence like game with AMAZING music. try this out"
76561198070707522,Recommended,227220,12873433,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Mr. Bubbless,never before has a game made me feel so manlychest hair/10
,Recommended,227220,12876629,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Panic Route ™,Unique game! I couldn't stop playing til I finished it. Highly recommend especially for the price. One of the best takes on Canadian Quebecois folklore intertwined into a RTS setting.Easy paced and excellent tutorials. This game is just pure fun. Music and artwork alone would have sold it for me...as they both are just awesome!
,Recommended,227220,14975673,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Eiseps,"This, i believe, is a must have game for game collectors.... Fun combat, ""little""strategy and nicely played out characters.... LOVE IT"
76561198088289228,Recommended,227220,9727330,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Nature Geek,"Hey! I just finished playing this game and I must say , it was great :)Fun combat / trap system and a good (not GREAT but still) story to keep you going.The thing I liked the most was the soundtrack , It really complemented the game.If I must complain about something I'll complain about the combat when it gets too crowded , it starts to feel a bir clumky but oh well , it does not spoil the fun out of the game :)A good buy if you ask me."
,Recommended,227220,13459443,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,practicalseo,"One of the most addictive and mold breaking games I played in a while. A breath of fresh air, and the music is amazing :)"
76561198060321596,Recommended,227220,13625410,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,morrellekristofer,"Pretty fun to play.  Strategy wise, not too complex, but interesting."
76561198257894013,Not Recommended,227220,19624393,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,sydney.louise.papa,"Will not adjust to fit screen, graphics crashes, and file corruption."
76561198024977145,Recommended,227220,19704263,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,monorail khat,"great game, though i found it hard at times and had to retry a couple of times.  The item to control the wind is really useful!I also appreciate that they spoke Quebec french... a nice touch!"
76561198121893616,Recommended,227220,19643961,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,arietur,"I love this game.pros:+great atmosphere, music and visual style+many possible ways to play+many important factors (fear, sneaking/sound/wind/stamina) that feel intuitive+most traps are unique+enjoying funny characters and story+challenging. changing and fun gameplay+a tutorial that isn`t total crapcons:-some bugs-the good-looking animated town menu slows the pace of the game-seems to be very shortI bought it in a sale for 2,24€ and am very happy with it. For me, it´s a masterpiece, especially if you consider the fact that this seems to be the first game of a small indie company."
,Recommended,227220,19731438,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Crazyi,"If you really enjoy strategy this game is for you.  Outside of the strategy element in this game I feel it falls very short. Story is bad. Voice acting is bad. Graphics and optimzation are awful. Actual gameplay is sub par. I oddly enough would still recommend this to people who really like planning/strategy, but if you dont like to stress over min/maxing then I would have to say seek another title."
,Recommended,227220,6664077,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,vonBork,Really fun defense game.
76561198076923217,Recommended,227220,9135016,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,SimulatedChaos,it a very interesting strategy game and the most candian game i have seen
76561198007660893,Recommended,227220,19770164,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,richard,
,Not Recommended,227220,13993367,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Mjollner,"SNAPSHOTAn action-RPG / tower defense game that looks like it was made by third graders. Thankfully, it plays like an 8th grade level.OVERALL - 3.5 / 10PROS+ combat feels responsive+ music is good+ planning each level is interesting+ relatively bug free (unless you're trying to get achievements, in which case the opposite of that)CONS- awful models (texturing is ok at best)- awful voice acting- awful writing- way too many game mechanics overly complicates almost every portion of the game- replaying levels *intentionally* disincentivized- every level uses the same map for the entire gameDETAILSWhere to even begin with this one. I really wanted to like Sang-Froid, I really did. Overall I like the concept of an action-RPG + tower defense game (Orcs Must Die! does it fairly well), and the movement in the game doesn't play all that poorly, but overall it is extremely poorly executed.Probably my biggest gripe is that combat-related gameplay itself is just a pile-on of systems that's only purposes seem to be to limit what the player can do. First there is stamina, which is a combined limit of being able to run as well as your ability to use melee combat. Melee is frustratingly bad, especially the targeting. Often times you'll be attacking an enemy that's about to die and then suddenly the game will switch targets on you and you'll be swinging at something else on the other side of the screen, leaving that low health enemy free to do whatever it wants (which 90% of the time means regen to full or cast a meteor swarm down on your face). It becomes even MORE frustrating when enemies start becoming ~90% resistant to normal damage, so unless you have a weapon the enemy is weak to you won't be doing full damage. Ranged combat requires you to reload after every single shot you take, which takes an inordinate amount of time (there's an *achievement* for reloading in under 3 seconds). You can speed up reloading slightly by mashing a button, which seems to only distract the player from how long it actually takes. Also of note for ranged combat is that it has headshot and non-headshot hitboxes that ""lock on"" (poorly) that are infuriating more often than not. Next, there's a ""fear"" system that was supposed to help players not fight enemies all the time, but in practice way too complicated and cumbersome. On top of all of this there are still traps for players to place, each of which only has *one* use per level (seriously?) per trap placed.Paired with this combat system is ~ 3 different enemies (there's one ranged enemy in the game, and then a few minor variations of a melee enemy) and *one* map that goes through extremely minor changes and expands slightly between levels. Also of note are the ""two"" characters to choose from, which in reality only vary in starting stats so I'm still not sure why the choice even exists. If there had been half as much time / effort put in to adding all the limiting factors in combat and 4x as much time put into adding real variations in content, it would have potentially been a much more engaging game. Unfortunately, while it seems all of the development efforts were spent in adding combat systems, combat gets old very quickly without a change in enemies to face. The different starting points and number of enemies each wave helps masks this problem slightly, but that wears thin pretty quickly.On top of all of this, replaying levels is almost completely out of the question. You CAN go back to a level you've already completed, however it erases ALL progress past that point. There is one achievement for completing the game for each character, but why anyone would do that is beyond me. The game doesn't play differently for either character, save for the fact that one of them has less health AND stamina than the other. Skill points that are awarded each time a player levels up only seem to annoy a player more than help them, most of which only add minor amounts of damage. The skill points spent almost never make a difference in whether or not an enemy dies; either the damage added is already overkill, or it adds such a minimal amount that you're better off walking up and meleeing them instead.Easily the worst parts of the game are the ""animated cutscenes"" between levels. I could forgive the awful models if there were a lot of them (or if this game was made in 2006), but there are comically few to be seen and it was released in 2013. It is very apparent that the entirety of the modeling / animation efforts in the game were spent on the cutscenes, which there are unfortunately ~1-3 of every single level. The voice acting is as cringe-worthy as the models, and the writing is almost as bad. Given that the story is based on French Canadian folklore, however, that means 90% of the work was already done story-wise, so how that was screwed up so poorly I'll never know.Overall, this game has a lot of things in place to distract players from the fact that just about every system was poorly planned and designed, so if you're really into shiny things feel free to pick it up. If you're not easily fooled, however, stay as far away as you can."
,Recommended,227220,14008829,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Astardix,"I just started playing it, but it is really impressive its soundtrack and atmosphere. Also the gameplay is really fun and has elements of action, RPG and strategy (even the action requires a lot of strategy!). Buy this game if you like tower defense and a bit of action!"
76561198032421007,Recommended,227220,14008977,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,:A:B:C,Nice Game
,Recommended,227220,13577016,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mr. B.Vicious,This game is pretty awesome.
,Not Recommended,227220,14064899,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Ron Mexico,"This game is one of the worst buys I've ever done. This is a crappy mix of a bad TD and a poor RPG. Played it for about two hours, but it felt like forever. Still have nightmares about this game."
76561198013556071,Recommended,227220,13485434,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Pinkie Pyro,not usually a defense game fan but this one is nice if a bit rough around the edges... gameplay and controls are nice and well put together. the only flaw is the cutscenes where the modeling and movement of the charcters is poor looking upclose7/10
,Recommended,227220,19299651,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Kramit The Frog,"An enjoyable mix of tower defense and light action.  The game is dripping in so much culture you could tap it and make syrup out of it.  It's a  fun Canadian title that is best enjoyed in French, so much raw cultural banter is lost in translation.  Québec players will enjoy this most."
,Recommended,227220,4678899,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Tumbra,Chalanging game for anyone who likes a hybrid of Tower defence and FPS
,Recommended,227220,13641427,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lyreca,i dont even know whyd anyone buy this gameit needs an IQ above average and most ppl r ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥including meu stupid ppl dont buy this game
,Recommended,227220,20923638,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Caddaile,"A cool game with an interesting story. Liked it a lot, unique."
,Recommended,227220,20908682,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Tamerlane,"The game itself has so many flaws ranging from poor voice acting, story to the clunky engine and combat but there's something about it that's so endearing. If you can get past the flaws it's a pretty fun game. The soundtrack has a nice folksy vibe to it.The game is basically a tower defence where you have about 4 buildings(later on) scattered across the map. Your objective is to protect these buildings while eliminating hostile beasts. You can reroute the beasts' paths and set traps along the way. You also have access to an axe, a rifle and a various potions and protective items. These become available for upgrade later on.It can get hectic at times as the game is not very forgiving and you need to maximize the beasts' route into your traps given the limited resources.Very flawed game but it grows on you if you can look past the numerous flaws. It's good enough to kill time on a lazy weekend."
76561198061824645,Recommended,227220,21104112,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,wesleto02,"Absolutely unique as well as absolutely french Canadian in a good way. lol.Its a wave defense type game, but instead of turrets you have activated traps and your ax to stop the hordes of werewolves and other creatures. Its a highly strategic game that also takes a fair amount of skill. Oh, and its rock hard. I had to do a number of mission 2-3 times to beat them on normal difficulty. Plus winning and earnings are accumulative so if you have a poor start, by the end of the game you'll have none of the best toys and have to really plan every second of the waves that'll come."
76561198005261942,Recommended,227220,21397177,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Bishop,Great game.Very challenging gameplay halfway through.Intresting game mechanics with 3rd person and top down efence stragegy planning.Also a theme song that gets stuck in your head.
,Recommended,227220,21806961,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Scott,"Picked it up cheap on a sale, definitely worth it.The trap defense gameplay was a lot of fun and made up for the middling story"
76561197998809331,Recommended,227220,21902643,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,UNLIMITED POWA,I dont have a clue where those hours came from but i put a bit of time in before Steam and that's the reason i bought it. I'm sure i'll get stuck into it eventually and already would have if it had controller support. Some games i'd rather use a controller and this is one of them. Severance blade of darkness is another. Its well put together and up there with the best indie games. The tutorial fella reminds me of Civ 4.
76561198073085038,Recommended,227220,9462198,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Bry7x7x7,"This game will have a place in my heart. Although I can't recommend it to someone that's not into strategy, if you are than 100% pick it up and give a try. Interesting story, fantastic soundtrack [if anyone can tell me the names of the song please... tell me.], I do have a bug where an enemy would have pathfinding isuses but it's passadle."
,Recommended,227220,20802094,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,gera,"Excellent mix of TD, strategy, action and RPG. nice story."
76561197970715506,Recommended,227220,21649914,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,toddfox2,"A log cabin defense game very well done. Straight out of the North Woods. I love the art style, and the story of family trying to survive supernatural terrors is exciting. Worth your time."
76561198123226291,Recommended,227220,24829917,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Cap'n Jack,The game has a lot of potential especially for a sequel. It starts off a little slow but it does pick up a lot and gives you a mildly difficult tower defence game. Thumbs up and reccoment it.
76561197995231303,Recommended,227220,22904606,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Trollz,"Great game, very inventive and fun to set up your chess board of traps and then go out and execute your plan to see if it works to hold out. Fun in planning, fun in the actual gameplay."
,Recommended,227220,701683,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,DannyboyO1,"Brilliant. Combines strategy and action delightfully, and with intensity I would not have guessed. Each level works out to 2 minutes in the shops, 45 minutes of planning, a short derailment to fix a boneheaded mistake, 5 minutes of action, and a bit of exhaustion.Plot aspects are a bit puppet-show-y, but adequate. The characters are simple, but none are worthless. It's hard to be annoyed at having to protect someone who helps you lay more traps. It is the struggle of siblings against a grave threat, with both the problem and the solution enhanced by different members of the community.The gameplay is interesting, and absolutely astounding how much the designers give you with so few resources. From manipulating sound and scent to lure your foes into traps and ambushes, to simply running away to regroup, reload, or activate some fun toy you left for a fallback. So many sensible options to choose from... I haven't had a game stretch my tactical thinking like this in a very long time.I raise all the thumbs I have to this game."
76561198006557711,Recommended,227220,2377799,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,Terminus,"This is a very cool little indie game, mixing tower defence and action (like Orcs Must Die), but in a very atmospheric Canadian wilderness. Has a nice soundtrack."
76561198158330799,Recommended,227220,19997598,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,COMPUTERPUNK,An enjoyable game that needs you to strategize how you will go about protecting structures from the attack of monsters.I had went to youtube to see the gameplay before buying hence I know what the game will be roughly about before playing it.
,Recommended,227220,19984419,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,emanramen,Seriously wonderful game.  Very surprised this isn't more popular.  Should be in one of the big Humble Bundles.
76561198081180411,Recommended,227220,10415714,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,ThisOneRandomFinGuy,really good game must TRY!!!
,Recommended,227220,24823300,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Harnoth,"If you've ever wanted a kinda towerdefense, tactical feel to your thrid person action game, this game is for you. It's a little rough around the edges and feels of at times, but it does deliver a out of the ordinary experience that not many developers dare to venture into."
76561198099708528,Recommended,227220,25201643,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MadCowOnCrack,Lumberjacks - checkWolves - CheckHigh-heels and tights... well can't win them all.Really interesting take on tower defence with third person action thrown in. Nice art style - and an interesting enough story to glue it all together.
76561197993200909,Recommended,227220,1429399,"Posted: 22 February, 2013",all,Samson,"cheap, fun, hard."
,Recommended,227220,16532901,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kimeron,Yes.
76561197993687380,Recommended,227220,8888528,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,masoroso,"Wow.. a really great first impression. It has a great atmosphere, the music, the scenery, the wolfs at night.. very unsettling and cozy at the same time. I haven't played very much of the game so far but my first impression is that this is a very well build and fun game!"
76561198034414032,Recommended,227220,17610171,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Zraider,"To be honest, this isnt your traditional tower defense game. More or less defending areas with traps and most of the equipment you have to activate yourself.Pros:- In addition to traps, you also control a character that fights with a hatchet and/or a gun.- Has a varied skill set so you can customize your game to favor traps, your character, or utility.- Storyline is decent.- Gameplay is great, if you do not mind 3rd person view.Cons:- You may find that normal difficulty may be easy-ish and that hard difficulty would probably be the norm,- 7-8 hours of gameplay per run through.Overall, solid game. 8/10, would play the next in the series."
,Recommended,227220,16970256,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Ellye,"Pretty unique take on the combination of Tower Defense and third-person combat.Unlike other titles that attempt this combination, the combat here is methodical and slow-paced, giving it a different feeling.The theme and setting are surprisingly rare in videogames, and the atmosphere is relatively well-done. Voice acting is really poor, but the game can survive that.The strategical opportunities are pretty interesting. A lot of mechanics to consider when preparing your traps."
76561198142597487,Recommended,227220,17646727,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,carmennge23,"I bought this game for the art style and the music but am quickly realizing the gameplay is hooking me in. This game is pretty brutal and very challenging for me since I rarely play melee combat and shooter games but even the strategy is tough, though not unlikeable.The story is average and the animation sequence rather amateurish but props to the developers seeing as this is an indie game after all."
,Recommended,227220,25105582,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Uruk-Gai,"Combat animations are a bit wonky, but the planning and strategy elements involved really set it a step above most other games of a similar techincal/art standard."
,Recommended,227220,29800903,Posted: 9 February,all,Night Sardan ! CSGORage.com,"Very fun game, entertaining and a nice story."
76561198069715362,Recommended,227220,29769062,Posted: 7 February,all,Draik,Brilliant! Like a good book!
76561198059655633,Recommended,227220,29827644,Posted: 10 February,all,LuckyNedPepper,"This is a great tower defense rpg. I paid for this game when it came out and it was well worth the money. At the time of this review this game is free so it is definitely worth a try so pick it up while you can. I love werewolves and the dark atmosphere of the game but I have to say my favorite thing about this game is the music. If I had the option I would buy the soundtrack, the music is that good. Try this indie gem youll enjoy it."
,Recommended,227220,29850363,Posted: 11 February,all,alel,"+combined all genre mechanics (strategy, fps, rpg, action brawl)-1st loading can be very looong, and lazy cutscene (opening cartoon is good though)despite some lacks, it's hard no to recommend this (+now free) game..."
76561198083836447,Recommended,227220,7043799,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,devstauk,"Nice game kind of challenging, really quite an interesting concept.Defense/Strategy game with tower defense elements"
76561198031283774,Recommended,227220,29742689,Posted: 6 February,all,ctwmitch,"Complex hardcore game.It is fun, but the ACTION + SLG style make you very busy....Besides, I need more money......"
,Recommended,227220,29876665,Posted: 12 February,all,pandootz,"It's a nice strategy game, a bit difficult at times, it's a real shame when it comes to the artistic side, you have 3D and 2D strangely combined, a great issue with the resolution, haven't managed to play full screen. The weapon reload speed is very slow, you have to reload for every bullet; went from frustration to great interest and back and forth, but it's a free game.7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,227220,14770481,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Swaded,Sangfroid - Tales of the WerewolvesGame StageScoreEarly AccessN/ABetaN/AComplete/Updates3.5/10
76561198083284898,Recommended,227220,29875705,Posted: 12 February,all,MaWiPo,"well what can I say about this game... It's awesome how developers put such great story, cutscenes and gameplay together in this short game. But the best thing I will remember from this game is it's soundtrack. here take some short lyrics for it:daaam dadidam darididadi didam darididadi deeedam dee, daam daridam darididadi didam dadididadi deedam deee...."
76561198040251310,Recommended,227220,30310332,Posted: 4 March,all,IggledorfTheRevolutionary,"Truly a phenomominal game. I have never seen a game set up quite like this one. The story is great, Atmosphere is well set, Tactics is absolutely crucial. (If you run in and try to gun everything without utilizing your traps you will die in the worst possible way you can imagine.) Quite challenging in some levels requiring careful planning which is excelente if you enjoy a challenge in your games. But by far the best thing about this game. (At least in my opinion.) Is the soundtrack. The sound track for Sanfroid is by far the greatest sound track i've heard for any game i've played so far! It would be absolutely silly to not give this game a shot. I guarantee you would absolutely love this game! I will be absolutely thrilled when sangfroid tome 2 comes out! Happy hunting lads! (Note: Please disregard the ammount of hours i have put into this game at the time of posting I've had a bad computer for years so when i run it it has been very choppy but with my new rig it runs like a dream perfect so be expecting to see a LOT more hours out of me!)"
76561198055517152,Recommended,227220,31657118,Posted: 9 May,all,Commander Spider,you vs werewolves and evil to save the one you care.
,Recommended,227220,7534938,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Tohkami,"This game has easy to understand tutorial, and good music.And musket, white snow, evil wolf, yes, enough!"
76561198050274461,Recommended,227220,5468399,"Posted: 12 April, 2013",all,dont want to make you look bag,this game is da♥♥♥♥♥♥get it or i will spike trap you watch gameplay see wot i mean
76561198122083454,Recommended,227220,34994771,Posted: 16 September,all,Reaver,"A good mix of tower defense and action combined with a solid story that is unfortunately unfinished at the moment because this seems to be part of a series as is indicated by Tome I in the start of the game and by the ending.Still, this game holds up on its own."
