user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,227300,9097411,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Terror Trousers,"Upon a winter's night quite coldI loaded up a game Steam soldThe trucking sim of much acclaimWhile thinking, “what a stupid game.”At first I tried to play my wayBy squishing peds and bringing pain“Where are the cops?” I asked myselfTrying to earn my place in Hell.But time went on I grew boredI'd do one run and then ignoreThis game that they’d called 'Comfy Truck'And then move on without a-BUT WAIT! I'm almost out of time!Just have some faith, I'll cross that line!But time was past and pay was dockedMy world was shattered, faith was rocked.“Well just one more.” I grumbled lowI loaded up and hit the road""I've got it now."" as off I wentSoon to delete local content.Passed peaceful pastures in the nightI saw a sunrise blinding brightI guess this game's not all that badThough not the best I've ever had.Pop playing on the radioIn harmony with my VolvoThis siren sought to bring me sleepWhile consciousness I fought to keep.I showed up, docked and dropped my chargeAt a nondescriptive harbor yard“Just one more time,” said my girlfriend“Tomorrow you can play again.”But no, I knew I couldn't stopThe needs of commerce never dropIf it be chemicals or steelI had to keep turning those wheels.So down the road I charged once moreThrough France, Poland and LuxembourgAnd soon a thought occurred to meCould this be what they call ‘comfy’?If slow and peaceful is your aimYou'll not do better than this gameNow just real quick here's a rundownSo you’re running when you hit the ground.You move cargo from A to BI'd recommend quite hastilyIf you do well and earn your payThen manage other drivers days.And so with that ends my reviewI hope maybe you’ll try it tooIn here you'll find no gun or knifeBut I enjoy the trucking life."
76561198076348453,Recommended,227300,28381602,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,wo2dave,As a retired truck driver of 40 years I never though I would end up playing a game about truck driving but I find it a pleasing experiance when I can travel the European roads which I traveled daily. The experiance is so realistic I would recomend this game to all who would like a glimps of the life of a European trucker without all the grind and hardship which goes along with the job. Congratulations SCS you have a realistic product even taking into account the suicidal AI.
76561197972258172,Recommended,227300,12325451,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,My girlfriend didn't get why I loved this game.Said I was a loser and a weirdo.So I built my transport company into a million dollar empire just to show her what I'm capable of.I haven't heard from her for a while.10/10
,Recommended,227300,31403010,Posted: 27 April,all,SupremeS,"You know, it honestly feels like a joke at first. There’s thousands of games out there – some offer compelling storylines, others offer non-stop thrills, and pretty much all of them let us escape the dull monotony and grind of daily life... And then there’s Euro Truck Simulator 2. Which, unsurprisingly, is a simulation game where you drive trucks around a crude rendition of Europe. Okaaaay.To emphasise the absurdity of things, you only need to look at the basic gameplay loop that’s taking place here; you pick a job from a list of options in your area. You go and hitch up your cargo. Then you slowly trundle towards your destination, taking into account every road law and speed limit, and spending the great majority of your time on vast highways and never-ending strips of asphalt. After dragging yourself to your destination for 20 to 30 real-time minutes, you drop off the cargo – and do the whole thing again.Suffice to say, then, that this isn’t for everyone; there’s a good chance a few of you have fell asleep merely reading the last paragraph. If you do actually get to the point where you boot up the game for the first time, it even does a lot to try and immediately frighten you off... You’re instantly met with a plethora of menus that are incredibly overwhelming, allowing you to do everything from create a profile to adjusting your X-axis sensitivity for... Well, something. The tutorial then doesn’t help matters, basically stemming down to telling you “Just drive the truck”, and then buggering off and leaving you to work out how exactly you do that in the first place.Yet give it a chance to get things rolling and – amazingly and most crucially – it really works. There’s a bunch of reasons why this is the case, that go way beyond the primal satisfaction that comes with driving a hulking great big rig. For one, there’s an incredibly calming sense of slow progression constantly burning away in the background, with the sat-nav in the corner of your screen always slowly ticking down the miles left towards your destination. It’s surprisingly satisfying to watch the numbers keep dropping, and finally whittling a distance that seemed impossible to begin with down to nothing.Secondly, there's the option to turn on your own music while driving, or even tune in to actual radio stations across Europe. Set one of these up and hit the perfect moment, where the right song comes on as you watch the sun slowly rise and peep through the trees, and it all just feels… Right. Heck, take my word for it when I say that having AC/DC’s “Highway to Hell” blasting out your speakers as you’re racing down the road at max speed is something that’s hard to beat. If you’re daring, you can even pop a video or TV show up in another window and zone out... But just like real life, the chances of you suddenly finding yourself wrapped round the nearest streetlight rapidly increase if you do this. Still, it’s fun to try. In the game, that is.There’s also a healthy degree of strategy mixed in as well. Your truck needs fuel and your driver needs rest, and managing the two becomes a delicate balancing act of effective time management, where you are constantly checking out your route and seeing how far you can push yourself before you literally fall asleep at the wheel. While it takes way too long if you’re not wishing to put yourself in a position of extreme bank debt (so much so it actually gets a little frustrating), you can even make enough money to hire other truckers to your cause. Suddenly you’re busy plotting out an empire, trucks roaming across all of Europe, and your hard work being rewarded with a skyrocketing bank account. You can even make the core game more complicated, if you’re that way inclined. An automatic gearbox might be the obvious choice, but there’s nothing stopping you from having to switch through all the gears manually, or even hooking a wheel up and going totally crazy. The choice, as they say, is yours.It’s also worth pointing out all the mods that are available to enhance or change things up – from the big changes to the little tweaks, there’s a lot you can bolt on to the base experience. Whether it be branding the sides of trucks with famous logos, or subtly changing the map and the way your truck handles, there’s a lot you can tinker about with if things are starting to feel a little dry. Special shout out to the mod that lets you personalise the inside of your truck – because there’s something irresistible about decking out your cabin with a giant BB-8 and a bunch of other nerdy bits and bobs that fill up every empty space. While not offered in the game or mods themselves (and I can't say I tried this myself), there’s also means out there to take things online, hitting the road with truckers all over the world. Chances are you’ll end up in a traffic jam trying to get a ferry to somewhere, but hey, whatever floats your boat.In the end, whatever you choose to do and however seriously you take what’s on offer, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is perhaps the definite chilled out experience; with everything always just coming back down to you and the open road. It’s the perfect game to unwind after a stressful day, where the challenge or intensity of most other games simply doesn't appeal, and that's what makes it something so much more than something to laugh at."
,Recommended,227300,12881917,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,RPINerd,"Much like my sentiments of Farming Simulator 2013, I fell in love with Euro Truck Simulator 2 and I have no idea why. Mundane job simulators are overwhelmingly garbage, but a select few (including ETS2) are surprisingly compelling.There is no way I can think of to describe this game without sounding terribly drab. You’re a truck driver, and are starting your own shipping company. You have to drive according to the law, take rest breaks, buy fuel, pay for upkeep. There is nothing on paper that should be exceptional about this game, yet for what it is, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is disturbingly enjoyable. I recommend everyone to give it a try."
76561198050047000,Recommended,227300,17082892,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,☭Coryinthekremlin☭,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 isnt a game you play. its a game that consumes you. its a drug. you dont buy this game knowing that you will loose your social life. but ETS2 takes what it wants. my entire family has abandoned me. all thats left is my fleet of 50 trucks. my girlfriend crys from our bed ""turn off the game, its time to go to sleep"" she dosnt understand. its not a game. I run a Multi-Million doller International trucking empire, sleeping is for the noobs. this game recieves a perfect 10/10 from me, i have lost everything i have ever loved. but, i do have 20 Volvo trucks now...."
,Recommended,227300,32865700,Posted: 27 June,all,What's UP Doc ?,"Players choose their HQ's location in any of the game map's cities. At first, the player can only take what are known as Quick jobs—these jobs involve making hired driver deliveries while employed by a delivery company, with a provided truck and all expenses (fuel, road tolls, ferry crossings) covered. As the player earns money or takes bank loans, they can eventually afford to buy themselves a truck, acquire a home garage, and start making more money by delivering cargo using their own truck instead of just being a driver for hire. Money earned in the game can be spent on upgrading or purchasing new trucks, hiring NPC drivers to take on deliveries, buying more garages and expanding the home garage to accommodate more trucks and drivers.The player gains experience points after each delivery. A skill point is awarded after each level-up. Skill points can be used to unlock deliveries that require different ADR classes, longer distance deliveries, special cargo loads, fragile cargo loads, deliveries that are urgent and eco-driving. This progression allows the player to take on better paid jobs.The game features 77 cities in thirteen different countries, over twenty different types of cargo and over fifteen fictional European companies.The game also features a ""Radio"" feature, which allows players to play MP3 and OGG files. It also allows the player to listen to Internet radio.Version 2 includes two new truck companies, Scania and Renault, with MAN returning from the original game. DAF, Iveco, Mercedes-Benz and Volvo trucks were not officially licensed and had their names changed to DAV, Ivedo, Majestic and Valiant respectively. Later updates included the official branding for the DAF XF,Volvo FH, Iveco Stralis and Mercedes-Benz Actros."
,Recommended,227300,32289411,Posted: 9 June,all,Trucker FanczY [PL],"Very good Game, Drove from Poland to Scotland in 40 hours.10/10EDIT: I got all DLCEDIT#2: I bought American Truck Simulator now."
,Recommended,227300,28317941,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,JDubz,"What is Euro Truck Simulator 2?Well, basically you drive a truck and deliver trailers to your destinations across Europe. This game is from the people of SCS who made other Truck Simulator games, as referring to18 Wheels Of Steel Series and Euro Truck SimulatorSeems boring to play if you do the same thing over and overIt sure seems like it does, I honestly thought when I first saw this game it seemed boring when I saw this. I gave the first Euro Truck Simulator a try and loved it. This game soul purpose is meant for people who want to kill the time that's worth it and love driving.Is it really all about driving?Actually, yes it is. It may seem like an easy task to do, but it's actually a challenge.You start off small as you drive for other companies and build your way up. You start with the very small tasks that you can get done within the first 20 minutes of your gameplay with the short trips. Eventually, you gain skills and level up as you go. You can use those skills to help you for traveling the longer distance and get higher payment as you complete the tasks. Eventually, when you get that steady income, you can own your own truck and make even MORE money. You start off with a small garage, and you'll be able to upgrade it and hire drivers as you go! Even yet, take the shortcut way taking out a loan! You pick on what to do!Is it Realistic?Yes, and no.It's really how you look at it. The Physics on this game isn't 'Top Notch' but it get's the job done. For example, you hit a vehicle you'll just hit each other and no physical damage would be done between the collision. If anything, you'll just get a fine. Speaking of fines, there are laws you have to follow. Such as speeding, Red Lights and Green Lights and so on. The weather system is alright to my standards as you can change the settings of how often you want it to make it rain as you're on the road. Gas and time is a big factor too. It's important to keep track when you need to complete your delivery and keep your Fuel up at times! Sleep is also needed!Note: Some of these features can be disabled in the future in-game, but will get rid of that 'Simulation' Feel.Is there Multiplayer?The game alone is more focused on the single player aspects. Although there is a mod where you can download and be able to drive with your friends and other people!Is there Mod Support?Heck Yes!You can find a lot of mods, such as custom trucks, map mods, Graphic Mods and more!Although alot of these mods aren't off the steam Workshop, you would have to try to find these mods somewhere off a ETS2 Mod PageIs The DLC even worth it?Yes and noThere's a lot of DLC's shown off this game off the page, but half of them to me aren't worth getting. Most of them are for Paintjobs for your trucks.Even though the Steam Workshop Supplies Free Paintjobs Without even Paying.The important DLC's are the Map Expansions. These are the three Map Expansions you would likely want in the future- Euro Truck Simulator Going East- Euro Truck Simulator Scandanavia- Euro Truck Simulator Vive La FranceAll three of these Expansions alone will give you hours of fun for every single DLC. I have over 60 hours on this game, and only explored 67.32% of the map!That's because I took my time, and didn't rushThe Issues I had in the pastThere hasn't been that many issues in the past for me, I had rare crashes that happen here and there and stuttering problems, but that's likely my CPU bottlenecking my performance. The AI traffic can be brutal at times, making sudden stops ahead of you, or cutting you off simply. But this is a rare occurrence. Although take care as you put Mods into your game, some mods will crash your game at times, but that's often rare in that case.My Final Verdictif you love driving, this is a must have! I never had interest into trucks until I played this! The scenery all around you while driving is just..breathtaking. Enough where you just want to stop and admire the scenery around you! There's a wonderful Day/Night Transition, weather effects, going 90kmh in the UK is just great!For a Simulator, I'm giving this a 9/10. There has never EVER been a game like this before!"
76561198113539128,Recommended,227300,17845316,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Skippy7601,"This is the best Driving Simulator that i have come across. The details are great, the drivingis excellent and the choice of trucks makes it hard to pick a favourite. I have 1000hrs.+ and amstill not getting tired of pointing the nose of my volvo down the road and hauling that cargo.The Developers are always on the ball -  upgrading, ironing out the little bugs that come up,integrating new routes and cities and making the trucks work and drive as authentic as possible.Not to forget the multiplayer mode which is a change from the single player version so if anyonegets bored it´s their own fault.To summon it up this is just a great Simulator."
,Recommended,227300,8238009,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Hellzilla,"This is easily one of the best games I've got in 2013, and will probably remain in my Steam Favorites list for a long time. I never played a game like this before and now it has me hooked. It keeps getting better!At first I was just enjoying the scenery, the gameplay of driving the trucks, taking different jobs, and leveling up my XP so I could make more money and buy my own truck (Volvo FH16 Globetrotter). Now I'm working to upgrade my truck and my business. The business part is pretty addictive too. You can take a loan, expand your first garage, start buying more trucks, and hire drivers to work for you. I'm anxious to get enough money to buy another garage somewhere else and start another fleet.You can not only use your skill points from XP to strategically improve your abilities and rewards one step at a time to make more money, you can do the same with your drivers (or choose to have their skills auto-balanced).The scenery is gorgeous and there are some nice little touches of different things to see on the road and in different cities.The changing weather and day/night transformations are great. Rain storms are awesome.Driving in Europe is really not that different than driving in North America. Although, for some reason driving in the UK made me a little nervous--maybe it's the little extra traffic; maybe it's just driving on the other side of the road; or maybe I was expecting The Stig to cross my path.I play with a  Driving Force GT wheel, and even though as a fan of racing games I at first had doubts about this game, I gotta say if you have a wheel you really should try this game. Everything about the game is pure pleasure, but the driving is not just enjoyable but challenging as well. Things like parking your trailer; traveling swiftly but balancing your trailer's loads around all kinds of bends, inclines and declines; driving at night; dealing with other drivers (watch out for the evil empire of busses!) and trying to overtake slow pokes who follow the speed limit; traveling as fast as you can and watching for speeding cameras and changing speed limits make this one of the best driving games I've ever played. Oh yeah, don't blow those red lights--all the tickets you could get for various things can really ad up on one trip.It actually is becoming a racing game as I'm travelling longer distances. Right now in order to not interrupt my delivery with rest stops and not be late (which costs money) or get fined for driving while tired (happened to me four times at the end of one trip), I'm trying to make my trips even faster. So I'm balancing my loads at top speeds, taking the ever changing curves of the road as gracefully as possible, putting the pedal to the metal but watching for speed cameras and changing speed limits (watch out for those road hazard areas and be careful in town), and trying to overtake just like in a racing game--but it's more challenging with opposing traffic on busy highways!It's also a great music game. Hit the road and use your in-game radio to tune into different internet stations or play your favorite music on a media player in the background (I recommend AIMP3, which has a great interface and features but is very low resource).I highly recommend ETS2! I hope they make more expansions, and I am looking forward to American Truck Simulator."
76561198000529222,Recommended,227300,9746754,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,DNFL420,"Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me, This game puts any other simulator to shame.  You're talking 24 hour long transportation of the finest ♥♥♥♥ing IKEA furniture, Running them what seem to be green lights but in Euro they're yellow or some♥♥♥♥♥♥like that who knows, not you, you're too busy driving 60 tons of Soviet Russia's finest Vodka and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, who cares what a light means.When you're all alone on the highway is the best time, turn off the heallights and let the magic happen, some of that crocodil cocaine will keep you pumping through the fear as you barrel down the autobahn in reverse with kilos of petroleum and wooden dutch shoes in tow.When you make it to that destination though, and you back up that fat trailer♥♥♥♥♥and just dump your load all over the parking lot of some Wal-Mart in Norway, the satisfation you get when at least 10% of your cargo is still intact makes you a god amongst other mobile mortals.  A King of the Transportation Ring.  Europeans Finest."
,Recommended,227300,8237600,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,+EV,NOONE KNOWS WHY THIS GAME IS FUNTHE WORLD'S LARGEST MYSTERY SINCE WOMEN
,Recommended,227300,32197687,Posted: 5 June,all,hitler m8,"Dissapointed we couldn't stop and get fast food at McDonalds or stuff and gain 300 pounds slowly over the next 10 years.Otherwise, oddly relaxing and realistic.9/10P.S if you dont find inner peace while playing the game, you're playing it all wrong."
,Recommended,227300,14511216,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,mr_daemon,"It's very hard to hype this game up. You get into a truck with some cargo to deliver and hit the road accross a scaled down version of Europe. Over time you gain experience for things, like longer distances, more valuable cargo, etc. You can eventually buy your own truck(s), hire other drivers and expand your trucking empire and stuff.But basically, it's about driving heavy, sluggish trucks. I am having difficulties putting into wordswhyany of this is fun. Perhaps fun isn't the right word at all.It's relaxing most of the time, satisfying, and sometimes tense.There's something in there about small moments. The moment where you pull out of the loading dock with your frozen peas or whatnot and find the highway. The moment where the countryside changes and you cross borders. The moment where the signs change and the language is different. The moment where you know you're almost there and are about to arrive. The moment where somewhere in the middle, it rained for a while, or got really dark. Or both. The moment where you missed your exit somewhere in belgium. The moment where you discovered you could listen to actual internet radio from within your truck, from a station that matches the country you're gently passing through.This is probably not something you'll want to sit at for multiple hours, but if you're anything like me, you'll keep coming back to it, running a delivery once in a while, because it's relaxing, and the moments are tantalizing.Oh also, there's a multiplayer mod. It's all of this except once in a while you will pass another guy going in the opposite direction. You'll both cheerfully honk your horns in greeting, then continue on your respective ways. I guess that's also another moment.I am actually fairly excited about all things VR and the Occulus rift for a multitude of reasons and games I'd like to experience with it, but my deepest secret about it is that I amreally looking forward to playing ETS2 when the consumer version lands. Seriously. That's how much I enjoy this game."
,Recommended,227300,12652300,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Tunloink,"When I first saw it, I thought, ""How could driving a truck around Europe be fun?""Now, driving that beautiful truck around Europe is one of the things I look forward to doing everyday."
,Recommended,227300,7751582,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,BUSH DID X11,"The ultimate in European ground logistics simulators. No other game out there comes even remotely close to matching the sheer enjoyment of driving around an extremely scaled-down version of Europe that this game provides. Ever wanted to listen to BBC Radio 4 for 6 hours at a time without getting bored? Fire it up and drive around Germany.The mystical addictive nature of this game defies explanation. You cannot describe it, you can only experience it."
76561198204962869,Recommended,227300,22989856,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,robddd,"We recently had our first child and I was looking for a relaxing game to play during my (limited) downtime. Well I found it. Cruising around Europe, soaking in the scenery while listening to some random french jazz radio station playing in my truck literally puts a smile on my face. It's also very effective as an excuse for more playing time... ""I'm just 25 km from finishing my tomato delivery to Venice"" is a lot harder to argue with than ""I just need to kill these last few guys"".""Go finish your stupid delivery"" is the usual response.And I will."
,Recommended,227300,28530927,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Portaa,"-Bought as a joke-Played as a joke-Fell in love-No longer a joke, it is true love10/10 like skyrim with trucks"
,Recommended,227300,13623805,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kemo,"The Simulator you expect to never like but somehow fall in love with, Euro Truck Simulator 2 lets you experience the world of cargo haulage right at your PC and it does it very well for the most part. You start with nothing, just taking low paying jobs in the quick job menu but gradually you will expand your company until you have your very own fleet of trucks and truckers all across Europe.+Great graphics, the trucks and trailers in particular are very high quality+Large map made even larger by the Going East DLC and the Scandinavia expansion+The system of building up your company works well and as you improve as a driver it becomes easier to improve your company+It's a very relaxing game and is a perfect excuse to listen to music, podcasts or the radio+You can play your music or a radio station through the game's menu+Trucks have lots of customisation options+Lots of different skills to improve to make yourself a better driver or to unlock new types of cargo+The paint job packs are very high quality and in my opinion are worth their price (especially on sale)+Plenty of great mods and it's very easy to install mods+Controls are fully customisable+Plenty of different cargo types, especially with the High Power pack and some of the skills you can unlock+Several truck manufacturers with several truck designs each+Seat heights, lights used etc are all customisable+Has a photo mode with lots of different options allowing you to take plenty of nice shots of your truck+The devs run events which give you the opportunity to unlock exclusive content through the World of Trucks website+It's easy to progress through the game without taking loans from the bank which is good for players who want to maximise their rewards in-game+/-Pretty hard to play with a mouse and keyboard but this is more than made up for with the controller and wheel support, if you don't have a controller or a wheel you might find this significantly more challenging to play-The AI can be pretty poor sometimes, AI vehicles almost always travel faster than the speed limit, trucks in particular have acceleration faster than makes sense, cars will sometimes accelerate into you while you are turning rather than stop-Major cities do not resemble cities in anyway, they are very small and all cities have a similar layout (a repair shop, two distributors, somewhere to sleep and a garage)-Major cities do not have gas/petrol stations so you have to rely on service stations on major highways for fuel-Doesn't have different seasons which seems odd considering they run seasonal events, such as the Winter Holiday event (seeing as you had to deliver presents it would seem logical to have snow)Verdict:8.5Despite the game's flaws I find myself absolutely addicted to it and would recommend this to anyone, there's nothing quite like the open road especially when you're building a business empire.El K."
,Recommended,227300,12326924,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,faldarn,like skyrim with trucks
,Recommended,227300,12939229,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,pat,Its like driving in real life but in a truck in Europe and not in real life
,Recommended,227300,12435669,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Callum,"At I laughed, I mocked the virtual truckers. I mean, who wants to sit around and drive a virtual truck?meNow however, I laugh, and mock those whodon'tsit around and drive a virtual truck. Get it, and be sucked into a never ending obsession of delivering cargo all over Europe."
,Recommended,227300,26893741,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zane,"Nominated for the ""We didn't think of everything"" Steam Award 2016 for the category: Best Lifetime Support by a Developer.I think SCS Software deserves this recognition for the continued support of this game ( and american truck sim) during its lifetime so far through patching, quality non-overprized dlc and the many news updates in their development process."
,Recommended,227300,16766004,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Miyumi Ayase,"TL:DR? See ConclusionINTRODUCTION:Euro Truck Simulator 2 (ETS2) is a 2012 vehicle simulation game developed and self-published by SCS Software. It features a massive game world spanning most of mainland Europe, the British Isles, and Scandinavia with each of the cities being connected by the beautifully recreated road systems such as the German autobahn roads.  The game also offers detailed simulation mechanics for hardcore sim players while also offering an alternative 'automatic' mode for the more casual players or beginners such as myself.Although the game's primary and obvious gameplay mechanic consist of driving across Europe, it does feature additional mechanics to give the game a little more spice such as; a progression (level up) system where each level unlocks new cargos, trucks, upgrades and delivery conditions; Truck Company Management system where you manage a trucking company by purchasing / upgrading garages, trucks and hiring drivers to use them.Start the game as a driver for hire and earn enough money to build your own trucking empire that will span the entirety of Europe.PROS:+ Beautiful graphics with detailed truck interiors, world environment, and road systems+ Good sound effects and assets+ Europe is vast and well detailed  giving individuality to each location you visit+ Good selection of trucks with a good upgrade and customization system+ Various cargo and delivery conditions+ Surprisingly contains a relevant progression (level-up) system+ Garage and Truck Company management system+ Offers different game modes to cater for both hardcore sim players, casuals, and beginners+Easy modding capabilities+ Very fast load times (Even on a mechanical hard drive)+ Live European Radio Streaming or custom music playlist using the in-game radio feature+ Has a demo in the Store page for anyone who's not sure if this genre is to their likingCONS:- Some micro-stuttering despite the FPS being above 60- Low number of pedestrians makes some parts of the cities a bit empty- Poor reward for manually parking a trailer (they could have at least given 100xp for it)- Anti-aliasing is limited to only MLAANEUTRAL:+/- The game's overall concept is for a narrow/niche audience.+/- The AI needs to attend a Road Courtesy and Discipline class. (Although this does add to the immersion since the player will have to exercise due diligence while driving)CONCLUSION:GREAT SIMULATION GAME.Playing this game is surprisingly stress relieving and gives off a zen-like feeling while also offering a lot of other contents within the game world.WORTH IT?:I canRECOMMENDthis game at full price if you're a hardcore simulation fan but if not, I suggest you purchase this game on a sale. Either way however, IHIGHLY RECOMMENDpurchasing theDelux Bundlewhich includes all available DLCs and Expansion Packs as well as SCS' other games such as Bus Simulator, Trucks & Trailers, and Euro Truck Simulator (1).FINAL NOTES:To be completely honest, I didn't think much of this game when I first bought it because I did not see the appeal in driving trucks around in a game without a plot or a story. I was, however, pleasantly surprised on how much I enjoyed the experience because what the game lacks in story (being a simulation game and all), it makes up for in solid gameplay, excellent presentation, and player-friendly game mechanics.The game carries with it a relatively high system requirement so be sure to check that out before making a purchase.---------------------------------------------------------Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:Miyumi's Review Corner (MIRECO)"
,Recommended,227300,24386563,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Zsh0623,"自从玩了欧卡2.。。。。。。情景一，GTA5抢劫任务中：我：“woc这车怎么没有转向灯！！”队友：""磨叽什么，快开车老子要死了！”过了一会。。。。我：“这条路限速35mile。。。woc是红灯！“队友：""MDZZ'‘情景二朋友：’‘这游戏有什么好玩的。。。’‘我：’‘你不知道，可好玩了， blablablaba。。。。’‘当天晚上，他入坑steam，购买了欧卡2大包。我:''你在哪儿啊?''朋友:’‘波兰’‘我:’‘去那干啥啊，过来德国，拉货去瑞典，赚钱超快!''情景三，学校地理课：老师：’‘德国鲁尔区的主要城市有那几个啊？’‘全班沉默我:''多特蒙德，杜伊斯堡，杜塞尔多夫’‘下课后，前桌：’‘你怎么知道这四个地方的，我听都没听说过。’‘我：’‘我玩欧卡2的时候经常拉货去这些地方，去多就记住了嘛。’‘情景四，英语听力测试：老师：’‘这次xxx听力全对，大家向他学习啊。’‘同桌:’‘你怎么做到的？’‘我：’‘我一边玩欧卡2，一边听游戏里的BBC电台，可爽了。’‘总的来说欧卡2能帮助你学习地理，训练英语听力，遵守交通规则，还能拉基友入坑steam。欧洲卡车模拟2，你，值得拥有。----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------2016.8.1Simplified Chinese因为最近几年的一系列恐怖袭击，整个欧洲大陆笼罩在恐怖主义的阴影之下，作为一个‘’在欧洲开车‘’的游戏玩家，并且也是深深喜爱着这片土地的文化，历史，景色以及食物（什么鬼。。）的文科生，衷心希望欧洲各国的人民能够乐观，积极的生活，政府能够有充足的信心和实力去防范和打击恐怖组织。我希望这个美丽，富足的大洲远离恐怖主义的魔爪。加油！欧洲。EnglishBecause a series of terrorist attacks in recent years, the whole of Europe under the shadow of terrorism.As a Euro truck simulator 2 game player,and also a student of Liberal Arts who deeply loved the culture, history, scenery and food(wtf...) of this land.I sincerely hope that the people of all countries in Europe can be optimistic and positive life.The government can have enough confidence and strength to prevent and combat terrorist organizations. I hope this beautiful, rich continents away from terrorism.Go ahead！Europe.If there are some mistakes in the following languages, please forgive me.FrenchParce qu'une série d'attaques terroristes au cours des dernières années, l'ensemble de l'europe sous la menace du terrorisme.Comme un joueur,Et un étudiant en arts libéraux qui aimait profondément la culture, l'histoire, les décors et la nourriture de cette terre.J'espère sincèrement que les habitants de tous les pays en europe peut être optimiste et positive de la vie.Le gouvernement peut avoir suffisamment de confiance et de force pour prévenir et lutter contre les organisations terroristes.J'espère que cette belle, riches continents loin de terrorisme.Bon courage ! l'europe.GermanWeil eine reihe von anschlägen in den letzten jahren ganz europa unter dem schatten des terrorismus. Als spieler des spiels,und auch ein student , die zutiefst liebte die kultur, geschichte, natur und landschaft dieses landes.Ich hoffe aufrichtig, dass die menschen in allen ländern in europa ist optimistisch und positiv leben.Die regierung kann genug selbstbewusstsein und stärke zur verhütung und bekämpfung terroristischer organisationen.Ich hoffe, dieses schöne, reiche kontinente weg von terrorismus.Gib Gas！Europa.SpanishPorque una serie de ataques terroristas en los últimos años, el conjunto de Europa bajo la sombra del terrorismo.Como jugador del juego,Y también un estudiante de artes liberales que amaba profundamente la cultura, la historia, el paisaje y la comida de esta tierra.Espero sinceramente que el pueblo de todos los países de Europa puede ser optimista y positiva de la vida.El Gobierno puede tener la suficiente confianza y fuerza para prevenir y luchar contra las organizaciones terroristas.Espero que este hermoso, rico continentes alejados de terrorismo.¡Ánimo! Europa.ItalianA causa di una serie di attacchi terroristici negli ultimi anni, l'intera europa sotto l'ombra del terrorismo.Come un gioco di giocatori,e anche uno studente di arti liberali che amato profondamente la cultura, storia, paesaggio e l'alimentazione di questo terra.Spero sinceramente che i cittadini di tutti i paesi europei possono essere ottimista e positivo la vita.Il governo può avere abbastanza forza e sicurezza per la prevenzione e la lotta alle organizzazioni terroristiche.Spero che questa bella, ricca di continenti lontani dal terrorismo.Forza! l'europa虽然可能没几个欧洲人看的见，但是至少表达了我的想法。感谢看到这里的各位。欢迎懂这几门语言的大神，学霸们提出批评，意见。"
76561197974672983,Recommended,227300,16066519,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Village Idiot,"10/10, Next DLC needs to add a court system, so that I can explain to a judge that i had the right of way when  that car smashed into me."
,Recommended,227300,32706082,Posted: 23 June,all,Suriize1g,Hands downChillestGameOnSteam
,Recommended,227300,18901057,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,The Rumor Weed,"honestly i don't even enjoy playing video games anymore. I feel so dead and empty inside all the time, nothing gives me any pleasure at all, the only reason i play anymore is as a distraction from the hole inside my heart. I come home from work and have nothing else to do because I'm so exhausted, so I'm just like ""what game should I play?""Euro Truck Simulator 2, every time.Anything else requires too much commitment, I have to learn how to play the game and all the meta which isn't worth it since I couldn't possibly enjoy anything at this point, but this is just comfy as♥♥♥♥♥♥and immerses me in a world where I'm far more successful and own a small trucking company. I have 3 lil truckers in my company and i like to think about who they are/what they're doing and that's half the fun. When I fire people, I like to imagine myself pulling them into my office at the garage like ""Cameron, uhh, noticed you brought home a profit of only around 300 euros 3 trips in a row and then... huh... yeah, it looks like you couldn't even find a job and charged me 588 euros for maintenance and fuel? I mean, honestly, I've already hired your replacement, Jeff. Why don't you finish the route you're scheduled for and hand over the Volvo to Jeff. I'm sure he'll do a better job than you, you piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥""EDIT: due to the rising popularity of this review, a surprising number of worthless NEETS have somehow found it appropriate to send me friend requests to ask if I will buy them a copy of this game. I have no idea where you guys get off thinking this is an okay or normal thing to do. It's rude enough to directly ask a friend to give you a gift, but it's a whole 'nother level of delusional entitlement to think it's okay to ask a stranger to spend their money to buy you a video game. If you were considering adding me to do this, try adding me on Skype instead so I can make eye contact with you while you kill yourself."
,Recommended,227300,31800160,Posted: 16 May,all,F00dCHAiN,Spotify + ETS 2 ===> A good way to coop with your crippling depression and suicidal tendencies. It kept me from killing myself at least.
76561198037950967,Recommended,227300,19171133,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,TastyWorks,"Most of my friends would look at me playing Euro Truck simulator and say ""Why would you play that boring game??"". The thing about this game is that it is so relaxing, but at the same time very enjoyable.Think about coming home from a tough day at work or school, just depressed or tired. Just hop in your truck, turn on the radio, and diseapear into the land of the calm.I definately recommend this game. But as every game, it's not for everyone. If you want a relaxing game, buy it straight away!"
,Recommended,227300,29814254,Posted: 9 February,all,TrapGod,"A quick introductionI will start by adressing the elephant in the room.Yes, the game has 2 steam awards, and yes, they are well-deserverd by the game for being the amazing simulator that it is.Euro Truck Simulator 2 is not only a great experience that everyone can enjoy, but also a masterpiece in its own right. With such a large and active fanbase, the game grew with the help of its community: mods, multiplayer, new skins, trucks, etc., besides the huge amount of content it has been given from the developers. Official content is still being added to the game to the current day, be it in the form of patches, expansions or bug fixes. This makes my first point: buying ETS2 is a smart investment, since the developers truly care about the game and continue to update it and listen to their fanbase. I can make a quick prediction and say that ETS2 will still have updates or expansions coming out for at least a year or two more after the writing of this review.What exactly is Euro Truck Simulator 2? (Gameplay)ETS2 is a truck driving simulator, but not only that. It places you into the position of the manager of an entire international delivery company. The goal of the game, even though most players will just say it's to relax or to have fun (which is also true), is actually to expand your company, hire more drivers, buy more trucks, more garages and obtain the monopoly for deliveries in Europe. The game takes this simple concept and manages to add an astonishing complexity to it (at first sight only, because after the first 20 hours or less in-game, you'll realize that the gameplay is actually simple and enjoyable). As the manager, you can also make deliveries yourself, which is how you will get your company up and running before you have the money to hire drivers to do that for you. You will start by doing quick jobs for various employers, with a truck given by them for the specific delivery, and your first objective is to buy your own truck so you can start taking jobs from the freight market, which get you more income. Once you get your own truck, it's all yours: you need to take good care of it, repairing it, refuelling it, being careful not to get fined for your actions on the road, and so on. From that point onward it is your job to build a strong and succesful business. As you do more deliveries and manage to get more experience (both literally, for leveling up, and figuratively, because you will learn the mechanics of the game better and better), you will earn skill points with each level up. There are a variety of skills to choose from, including getting better pay for different types of jobs (fragile cargo, urgent deliveries, ADR deliveries, valuable cargo), less consumption of fuel, or being able to deliver cargo across longer distances. Your employees also have skills, a feature that on its own opens lots of possibilities for company management.If the information here or on the store page doesn't quite answer all of your questions, I'll tell you that there is also a demo for this game available to download on Steam so you can try the game out.But is it accurate? (Driving mechanics)Before I start explaining the mechanics of the game, please take note that I'm not a truck driver and have never driven a truck before, so excuse me if I don't have all of my facts straight. From my 90 hours of playing the game at the time of writing this review, I'd say that the driving in this game is absolutely beautiful. First of all, the complexity of the mechanics is fully customizable, so everyone from the newest player to the veteran trucker are able to enjoy the game. The driving is relaxing, be it day or night, rain or sun, highway or forest road, because it doesn't require that much focusing, but only as much as to not pass the speed limit, to avoid other people in traffic and to not come tumbling off the road. That gives you time to enjoy the wonderful scenes you'll pass by, which I'll be talking about in the next section. On-board the truck you have every switch you need, meaning headlights, wipers, the horns (air, regular, light), the handbrake, the toggle for high beams, for the beacon and the turning signals. It has everything you would want and need from a proper simulator of real life driving, so don't expect a truck racing game. The only thing that is a tiny bit more difficult is the parking, but there's also a solution for that. The parking is skippable in every delivery, while denying you a small amount of experience. But as you gather more knowledge and start learning what's what, parking should immediately become a breeze after a few hours of gameplay.Also, going a little off-topic, you also have a radio. You can upload your own playlist of music into the game and listen to it while on the road. Genius.Genius, I say.That's all well and good, but how does it look? (Graphics)Do not go into the game expecting it to look like it was made with Unreal Engine 32. The game came out a good amount of time ago (I'd even go as far as to call it a classic now, heh), and I can say it still looks decent to this day. The in-game world still is wonderful if you're willing to sit for a bit and think about how old the game is. Even if it doesn't have the latest graphics, ETS2 doesn't fail to impress, making up for raw graphical power in great world design. The landscapes in the game are beautiful, and the vehicle models still manage to look good and blend into the environment perfectly, giving the game a really special ambiance and relaxing potential. It is easy to get immersed into the massive world and if you're not careful you can lose hours driving your virtual truck around (as it happens to me quite often).But if I were honest, the question here is how good youcanmake it look. As I have said before, the game has such an active community, and modders are no exception. There are a variety of graphic mods to choose from both in the Steam Workshop and outside of it that do a wonderful job at enhancing your visual experience, making the game not only graphically impressing, but also making you want to get into the photo mode and snap some shots of your journey through ETS2's Europe.So...did you enjoy it? (My personal experience)The short answer would be yes, absolutely. But the answer worthy of this review is that I just spent so many hours into this game, in which everything you basically do, if we were to dumb it down to an extreme level, is drive around and turn left or right at some points, and I can't even explain why exactly. ETS2 just has a mesmerizing atmosphere to it, making the game beautiful in its own way, and being one of the most relaxing games I have and will ever play. Other simulators can't even get near its level (except American Truck Simulator, made by the same developers and based on the same concept), because for me, ETS2 will always have thatje ne sais quois, that *something* which always makes me come back to it and do yet another delivery, over and over again. In other words, everything about the game is enjoyable, from the relaxing driving to the sweet feeling of getting another truck or further customzing your current one, to the trance induced by the exquisite feeling of being alone with the road, and for that, Euro Truck Simulator 2 wil always and forever have a special place in my heart.ConclusionIf you are looking for a relaxing driving experience with various customization options, a variety of trucks, perfect world design, mesmerizing atmosphere and most of all, a detailed company management gameplay component, then I am sure you will not regret buying this game. If you need further convincing, please do download the demo (which is available on Steam)."
,Recommended,227300,31413264,Posted: 28 April,all,♥ Anfield Caddie ♥,"When I drove I'd listen to the radio.Waitin' for my favorite songs.When they played I'd sing along, it made me smile."
76561198082171791,Recommended,227300,29337678,Posted: 18 January,all,MissyR,"I'm a 35 year old female who doesn't drive in real life, somehow I'm addicted to this game!I bought this after Christmas in the winter sale (also bought the DLC scandinavia and going east) and already have nearly 200hours of playtime on it and I'm ranked 33 ingame with 10 garages and a bunch of drivers, working on achievements now.So why do I love this game?! Erm ..well even on the simpliest driving settings (I play using keyboard and mouse) I've come a long way and  learned so much about driving a truck and actually getting an education about city names in europe lolIn my first few days I wasn't using lights half the time, cruise control, indicating, looking left and right at junctions, moving lanes in time on the motorways (and hitting barriers/other vehicles) I was getting fined for everything...including falling asleep at the wheel. Keep your fuel tank topped up too or find out the hard way when you run out and need a tow lolI can now do the harder reverse parking and yesterday I finally got the achievement for no fines/damage and in-time urgent delivery for 1000km lol a real achievement for me :)This game is fun in many ways, I like recruiting new drivers and training them in certain areas (kind of in my head give them a backstory! Like Ethan who I recruited and is based at my Cambridge branch is most skilled at delivering expensive cargo, he comes from a rich family that think hes at Uni but hes dropped out to ""travel europe"" literally!)I also love seeing real landmarks in cities like the fortress in Salzburg, along with the beautiful mountains.Anyway, so even if you're not usually into driving games - this might surprise you! Definately value for money :)"
76561197991104879,Recommended,227300,32857980,Posted: 27 June,all,Damster,"So this is the first time I've done a review in a long time but wanted to leave one for this game.I took the plunge on this mainly as I got the Oculus and saw people saying fun it was. At first I was like how fun can it be.....then I found out.Ok the graphics aren't of the likes of modern days but it holds up well for it ages and has slot of charm.I've only played a few hours but can't wait to go back for another blast.Slap on a custom playlist, out on your trucker hat and hit the road...just be careful as you will be fined for not following the road rules....so far in -£2300 and topple my Tesco wagon...but still having a blast.Give it a shot and you'll understand why people like the game so much, the physics of the trucks, the feel of it all...well put together. As said it not my normal go to type of game but it's hellafun and glad I got it...specially for the sale price you got nothing really much to lose.If you have the vive or oculus then give this a try it's excellent  especially if you have a steering wheel.To use it for VR when you download it got to preferences then Betas and select Oculus 1.4 option.When you do that go to General then set launch option; put -oculus in there and off you go.Here's a link to a video that gives a guide.https://youtu.be/4j3WsycbPU4"
,Recommended,227300,7743358,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,DoctorQuinn,"Make a truck simulator, shame on you.Make an interesting truck simulator, shame on me, 'cause I've been playing this for hours, for God's sake."
,Recommended,227300,15974467,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Jimmy,"Do you know what sucks?School, if you’re still working your way through the education system you have my sympathies.Sure, it’s important, you need an education, if you couldn’t read you wouldn’t be here with me right now, but it does have a huge downside.It’s dull; there are a hundred other things you’d rather be doing.You’re forced to go there every day and you don’t get paid for it, they even test you to judge your intellect against your peers.Then there are the cliques, the cool kids, the jocks, the nerds, it’s a social minefield of awkwardness.As if being trapped there all day isn’t enough, they even give you work they expect you to do at home!School was a pressure filled, judgemental nightmare and one which I was glad to survive.Do you know what else sucks?Work, sure you’ve survived the “best days of your life” and now you’re out in the real world.People are treating you like a grown up (not that you feel any older or wiser than you did at school).Statistically you’ve probably found yourself in a “ground-hog day” of 9-5 soul destroying office mediocrity, you’ve got a boss you don’t like and a desk you can never leave.Sure you’re being paid now, but the “bank of mom and dad” has closed.You don’t think you’re being paid enough for what you do anyway and there’s always a relentless pile of bills demanding your hard earned money.If you are lucky enough to have a little money left to buy a game or two at the end of the month, you almost certainly won’t have the free time to actually play them.You know I miss school; they were the best days of my life....Greener GrassI often sit at work, questioning my poor decision making skills which have bought me to my particular running lane in the rat race.There must be plenty of jobs out there which don’t chain you to a desk all day whilst “the metaphorical man” breathes down your neck.Surely there are people who aren’t trapped in the same “Yes sir, no sir, three bags full sir” tedium in which I’ve somehow managed to imprison myself.Zen SimulatorBut I have managed to find a port in the storm that is my existence, a bubble of calm escapism which grants a little respite to my jaded soul.This soul medicine comes in the form of what I like to call the “Zen Simulator”.You know the sort of game where you can do something repetitive, something that doesn’t require too much thought but still rewards you for your efforts.Farming “Zen-ulator”Farming Simulator 2015 is a great example of a “Zen Simulator”, you trundle around in a tractor ploughing your fields, planting your crops and generally reaping what you sow.The “reward hook” is the money you get from selling your produce to buy better tractors to trundle around in and more fields to tend.It’s a million miles away from the adrenalin fuelled FPS titles I find myself playing at the weekends,The Zen simulator is the perfect genre to escape into after a hard day of work or school and now I’ve discovered that driving a truck can be just as therapeutic as chugging around the countryside in a tractor.Euro Truck “Zen-ulator” 2Euro Truck Simulator 2 is another perfect example of a “Zen Sim”.You start the game running delivery contracts for other people.You can peruse a list jobs requesting cargo to be picked from and delivered to various locations around Europe.You pick a job from the list, (your choice might not only be based on the payout of a job, I’ve found myself picking contracts just because I like the idea of driving to particular delivery destination. ) then you find yourself sitting in the rig provided by your employer, trailer all hooked up and ready to go. They’ve even already set the sat nav. for you!Drink and DriveThe core of Euro Truck Simulator 2 is spent driving along the highways and byways of Europe.This is a driving simulator, not a racing game; you’ll want to take care of whatever Big-Rig you find yourself in.Damage it and the repair costs will come out of your fee.You’ll also want to drive responsibly; running red lights will cost you, as will getting caught by speed cameras.Why would you want to rush anyway when you’ve got some beautiful European scenery to drink in as you drive?It’s about the Journey, Not the DestinationThe scenery is where Euro Truck Simulator 2 shines, this is a game that understands it’s the journey that’s important, your destination is just another way point to pause at.As you put your “pedal to the metal” and open your rig up on the motorways of Europe you’ll be treated to a lush and changing landscape racing passed your windscreen.Don’t get too distracted looking at the pretty fields of sunflowers though or you might miss your exit (or worse hit another vehicle and damage your truck!)A Continent of PossibilitiesThere are 69 European cities present in the vanilla game spread across a dozen countries.(You can add more via DLC too!)Each city has its own unique real world land marks or iconic buildings present, you can often see them looming over other city buildings as you wind your way through the suburbs.It’s a really nice touch to be able to recognise which city you’re approaching from the skyline without having to check the sat nav. or map.Don’t go into this thinking it’s an exact recreation of Europe though or you’ll be disappointed.Euro Truck Simulator 2 adopts the same stance to mapping the European Continent as “The Crew” does to mapping North America.What you have here is a condensed version of Europe, which is probably just as well, I think driving from Southern Italy to Northern England in real time might take a little while longer than the normal hour or two I have spare in the evenings.Points on your LicenseIt’s not just about driving around making money either (well it is, but there are extra game mechanics to keep things interesting).There’s an experience based progression system here too.As you drive around, completing deliveries, you’ll earn points which you can spend to unlock new capabilities.You can invest points several different areas,  for example, you could focus your experience points in haulage distant which will make longer distance contracts available to you or you could invest points in licences for various types of hazardous cargo if you like the idea of trucking some dangerous chemicals around Europe.The Boss of YouWhen you’ve amassed enough wealth from “working for the man” you can invest in your own truck (there are plenty of models and varieties to choose from) and start your own haulage company.This not only gives you more freedom with regards to delivery contracts, but also gives you the chance to invest future earnings in upgrading your rig, whether that is an engine upgrade or go faster stripes, that’s up to you.There are plenty of stylish paint jobs you can pick as DLC too, should you like a more personalised look to your truck of choice.Drive SafeBeing your own boss isn’t all parts and paint jobs either, it comes with an extra layer of responsibility too.It’ll be up to you to pull in at the services and fill up the gas tank from time to time now; running out of gas whilst on a long haul is not a good idea.It’s also not a good idea to keep driving without a rest too, everyone needs sleep and you’re no exception so remember to keep an eye on your fatigue levels and pull in for a nap when you need one!You’re also going to have to pay for maintenance on your truck now, so it’s even more important ... <...snip...>( To view the full review (and others) please take the time to visitreview-well.com)"
,Recommended,227300,12671311,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Adamski,Try and play this without a steering wheel and get into more trouble crossing Europe than the Nazis ever did.
,Recommended,227300,33645406,Posted: 18 July,all,Brother Salsa,I bought this game and got hooked.1 week later I booked my truck license in real life.Now looking for jobs as truck driver.
76561198116454047,Recommended,227300,23913683,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Donald Trump,This game is unrealistic. There are no immigrants trying to jump on my lorry when ever I'm at Calais.
,Recommended,227300,31123122,Posted: 13 April,all,S I M S W A V E . T V,I like to play the MP version so I can play background music from The Sims (released in 2000) over the CB radio for all the other players to enjoy.Feedback so far has been largely negative.10/10
,Recommended,227300,32237704,Posted: 7 June,all,AynicS,Great graphics.Is a fun gamePlay is not boringDLC is very cheap I like to play.Score 9/10There are many other things that can not be explained.Have fun playing the game. :)
,Recommended,227300,34430416,Posted: 22 August,all,①╠Bassel╢☢,"Who would have ever thought that a Euro Truck Simulator would get a rating this high? This simulator is one of the most relaxing games ever, but can also be very intense when carrying fragile cargo. The scenery is beautiful. When it rains ingame, I get the same warm feeling inside as when it rains in real life. I give it a perfect score because I just can't find anything ""wrong"" with it. Get this game."
,Recommended,227300,12636022,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,That Smug Ass Nigga,I took out an obscene loan I couldn't repay and got speeding tickets everywhere.Real life/10
76561198088179991,Recommended,227300,25579017,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Emma,"Whenever I read or hear of a truck driver that fell asleep on the job and crashed again, I will respect that. I will respect that a lot."
76561198036387595,Recommended,227300,32305123,Posted: 9 June,all,Deyveed,"This game offers the perfect simulation of driving a truck. It is also very relaxing. I hardly recommend it playing with a steering wheel and some pedals for the perfect experience. I also recommend installing some truck mods and map extensions such as ProMods, because it lacks some content and could become boring."
,Recommended,227300,33396897,Posted: 9 July,all,SpookberryPi π,"Quick heads up before I begin: Often times in the review, I will have people who have never played simulators (especially of this type) before in mind. To those of you who already play simulators, some of what I say might seem obvious. I apologise for that in advance. Also, feel free to skip some of the later sections. I really get into the nitty-gritty and made sure to put a lot of detail in this review to help readers decide.So, Euro Truck Simulator 2: it's exactly what it says on the tin. This game is driving, driving, driving, and...more driving. There are also some other minor nuances within the game, which I'll address later. ""So, driving? That's pretty much all the game offers?"" you might ask. Yes, for the most part. This might sound boring, especially to people who like games that are fast-paced or offer a lot of action. This is completely understandable, and this was my initial thought on the game as well. I decided to pick it up on a whim during Steam's summer sale of 2017.Something about this game drew me in, though. Suddenly a few minutes turned into a few hours. I fell in love rather quickly. I was astonished, I had no idea how I could like a game that was just driving. After some time, I think I understand why I like it so much. This game is surprisingly therapeutic. After a long or stressful day, this is the perfect game to turn to for a couple of peaceful hours. Nothing but you and the road. Hell, if you've been having a bad time inothergames this also a good one to cool off in as well.Now that I've spoken about my personal experiences with it, let's talk about the game on an objective level. As I previously mentioned, this game is mostly driving. You drive European semi-trailer trucks and are tasked with delivering a variety of cargo from Point A to Point B. There are a number of European countries to drive through, including the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Switzerland, the Netherlands, and many more. You start off with no truck, and instead must work as a driver for hire. You can get loans from the bank fairly early on if you like, or you can save up money until you have enough to buy the truck on your own. This is a game that lets you play at your own pace.Once you have purchased a truck of your own, you can start hauling trailers with the custom-built truck of your choosing.This brings me to the customisation; which is superb. There are 7 truck manufacturers and 13 models in total, and all of these can be tuned extensively to fit your personal tastes. These are all officially licensed as well, which means they're replicas of real-life trucks made by real-life manufacturers.  DAF, IVECO, MAN, Mercedes-Benz, Renault, Scania, and Volvo are all featured.Onto the trucks themselves, and how they work. Appropriately, the trucks themselves are as sophisticated as you would expect. They have all the real-life functionalities in the game. You manually control the windshield wipers, both the left and right turn indicators, lights, as well as a retarder (if your truck's engine is equipped with it) and differential locking. You also have the ability to choose the transmission you would like to play with, and can change it at any time. It covers just about every transmission, from simple automatic to fully manual. This is exactly what a simulator should do of course, but it's worth noting that the game gets it right.Beyond this, the game has a few interesting nuances. Most notably, there's some underlying RPG elements. You get to name your driver and your company. There are levels, and XP is rewarded upon completion of a job. Each time you level up, you will get a point to place into different skill trees that unlock new cargo to deliver. Hazardous, explosive, and corrosive materials. Fragile cargo such as glass and computer electronics. These are just a few. There are also long-distance deliveries and short time frame deliveries.Interestingly, there's also a bite-sized business management element. You have the option of buying multiple garages to house more trucks, which you can then hire other drivers to use. The drivers will bring you a profit, and you'll slowly earn more and more as you build your trucking empire. This is, also for the most part, very hard to fail at. 99% of the time your drivers will turn a profit for you. It's also entirely optional, if you wish to abstain from doing this.I should also talk about the DLC briefly. There are a lot of truck-tuning related DLCs, which are mostly up to you if you want to buy or not. They're all cosmetic, and in my opinion fairly priced. However, they're probably better off buying during a sale. Then there are the DLCs that have a real impact in the game. There are 2 DLCs which add new countries to the game, and 1 that expands on the huge country of France. I highly recommend these, as they add a lot of hours of gameplay and new places to see, as well as new types of jobs. They are a little bit more pricey, but they add a lot of content in the game. My advice would be to play the game for a while, and if you decide you like it then buy the DLC. You'll get a lot more mileage out of the game that way.All in all, I would highly recommend this to anyone who already likes simulators, and even to those who don't. It's a relaxing, and frustration-free experience. It might just be the change of pace you're looking for. This game is extremely polished and the developers still deliver updates to this day."
,Recommended,227300,26273977,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,photostel 乡,"I have triple A games in my library and instead I play a truck driving simulator. I'm not sure if I should be proud or ashamed of myself.But for real, this game needs an official online mode, as right now the only option for multiplayer is a mod.8/10~photostel"
,Recommended,227300,34663806,Posted: 1 September,all,meles meles,"At first i had no interest in trucks, but i was interested in driving/racing, and by seeing how well this was going on steam charts (was more played than rust at the time), paired with it being on sale for £3, Its really suprised me.I bought it and started off not really having a clue about how the game would work, or how it would be, but I found it actually very chill to play and slightly relaxing. The journeys are interesting when you see the roads for the first time, and I am far from driving them all as now i have 125hrs, and have driven just under 60% of the roads. The addition of real radios in the game has been really interesting aswell and adds to the realism of the game. Being able to drive home from work listening to Radio 1 and then half an hour later be driving a 55 ton crane around Poland, while listening to the same presenter as earlier is very nice.I initially played it loads, was the most hours ive ever played in the shortest amount of time, racking up 86 hours in just under 9 days. The DLC's were still on sale, so i bought all map extensions, as well as a few customisation ones. The map extensions are definatley worth it, and the tease of the Italy extension this year is very interesting.I would get this game if you have any interest in simulation driving, or fancy a change from racing."
76561198116727217,Recommended,227300,33681986,Posted: 20 July,all,☭Gitgud78☭,"Whenever I feel bored or sad, I just hit up ETS2, get a job with like 2000km distance, tune to 80's hotmix radio(or put on some superior eurobeat) and play for the rest of the afternoon. Never expected it to be so enjoyable to be honest, but it's great at taking stuff off my mind. It's also very comfy to drive on a rainy night with nobody else on the road, and just cruising with high beams. Also the multiplayer's pretty good, though it nearly killed my save so I'm taking a break from it."
,Recommended,227300,23107624,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,HOUNDDOG,"Playing this game since summer 2014 .And still loving it everyday  !!!SCS keeps the game up to date and makes it everytime very nice with new stuf,like new roads,trucks ...And lets not forget,it is a great game because you can custimice almost everything.....from trucks,paintjobs toown maps,AI ......If you love simulation games and trucks....this is definitely a game for you !!!!!!"
,Recommended,227300,28071595,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,☆odminstar 📱✔☆,"Introduction:Want to get some relax? Euro Truck Simulator 2 is the game just for your needs!Good:amazing graphics (though release date is17 Jan/2013);really awesome landscapes;a great variety of cargo;trucks customization;unbelievable amount of mods;open world;the interest is also kept via portalhttp://www.worldoftrucks.com/- sign in and you will see more;the game is updated and looks like there is no end of devs ideas;Bad:no exhaust (yes mate, I heard about ecology in Europe and Greenpeace but truck without exhaust isn't complete;physics (a lot of people say: physics is really good but I can't understand why If I crash at 80mph I can just go further and see nothing is visually broken);no multiplayer (yes mate, there are some mods but I don't like them if they are not supported by devs;no trails from wheels (you hit the brakes and see nothing also no sound for extreme braking);too much DLCs and you have to pay a lot if you want to get full game (Scandinavia | Vive la Franceare extremely required to get 100% achievements);In total: 9 / 10A shortlist of things to be added by devs but they will never do:Update the game to a new engine supporting DX10-12 etc... (It is 21st century outside guys)Seasons;Radar detectors would be nice;A noise of drops when it rains;Add trails from wheels from extreme braking cases and sounds for it;Police should patrule the roads :-)I hit them - they stop and move on after a while lel;Randomly spowned cargos ( I mean trucks sometimes seriously broken and another trucker has to deliver cargo, so let us pick up random orders while cruising without any goal);Illegal orders with high price and a chance to be cought by police;An exhaust (Yes, I'd like to see those dark clouds when I push pedal to the metal);Fulfill empty buses on the roads (Fun to see empty buses on the roads of Neverland);Add NPCs' reaction to players actions like blinking with lights etc...Let us see my company drivers on the roads and cars we bought for them with cargo they're delivering.P.S.: I managed to get most of their titles and it looks like the dev isn't aware of particle system in game :-("
,Recommended,227300,16802847,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Luigi Kujo,"Picked the United Kingdom as my starting location.Slowly pulled truck out into the road, straightened out the trailer and began my adventure across the UK. Then a small hatchback slammed on the brakes when it was only one care length ahead, couldn't brake in time and ended up rear ending the car. Also got fined for hitting the car.10/10 Best British traffic simulator ever."
,Recommended,227300,1924695,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Viss Valdyr,"This game is fantastic. Some players will think, what a boring piece of... well, think again! If you like a relaxing experience after a hard day of work, right before bed, this is the game for you. Near to zero frustration, anger, high blood pressure. Check the demo! If you like it, get it! I always recommend the game with various mods, to higher the gamingexperience. A musthave for WoS18 addicts!Edit: After all that years and more hours of gameplay, this game is not getting old.The amount of DLCs may be a bit strange for some new-comers. But still, even the paintjobs are well made and worth the money, if you want to support that Company. Not only are they listening at the complains of the users, they also added free content (multible cities and Trucks). They are now working on ATS (American Truck Simulator), but still support ETS2 fully with new patches and content. The modding community is extremly strong and well recieved, which makes the game even better.My point still stands. That game right here is one of a kind. These reviews don't lie. Who ever thought that a ""Trucking Simulator"" can get such a big and supporting fanbase.I didn't."
76561198126723527,Recommended,227300,33487795,Posted: 12 July,all,go.pinto,I'm an international truck driver IRL wich means that I usually drive 9h /10h a day. And after a long day driving a truck I open my laptop and I find myself playing this game. That being said I think I might have a problem....
,Recommended,227300,8024072,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Kallipoliz,"There was a time I had everything perfect in my life, a beautiful wife and kids, a great job, but there was always something missing. Even after fantastic sex with my scandinavian model wife, I would lie awake and feel empty, hopeless, and souless. That was when a friend gifted me eurotruck simulator 2. Everything Changed. No longer did I feel lost, but more alive than EVER! I quit my highly sucessful job, divorced my wife and disowned my kids. I didn't need them anymore because any thoughts of them were replaced with the greatest game in the world. On nights I normally would have spent at partys or hanging out with Obama, I now spent preparing for the long drives from Aberdeen to Bratislava. I now live with my cousin Jeff who also is a ETS2 Fantic! We spend our time not gaming talking about different trucks or routes to travel on. I got a new girlfriend who works at a gas station, she knows a lot about trucks and it makes me aroused. One time we ♥♥♥♥ed in the back of a Scania AB. It was so hot I ♥♥♥♥ed all over the clutch. You should have been there that filthy♥♥♥♥♥♥was poping my clutch all night. I'm getting so stimulated thinking about it I might have to go for a stroke, maybe pop one into Jeff. The game is great and goes good with a G27 and eyefinity. Hoping for Oculus rift support in the future.Game Of The Year All YearsUpdate: I have found the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, he now joins in my mighty truck quests."
,Recommended,227300,13747940,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,trottersson - No Longer Active,"The more I play this game the more I fall in love with it...Starting from humble beginnings as a driver taking freelance jobs you will eventually earn enough money to buy your own truck, then the fun really begins(apart from having to pay for your own petrol). Jobs are scattered across the whole of Europe with a variety of XP rewards on offer based on the cargo you will be towing...hook up the trailer, then just drive.As with most simulator games this could be seen as only appealing to a niche section of gamers but Eurotruck 2 really is different, I had no interest in trucks before this game but I was still drawn to it and it has quickly become one of my favourite games. It is essentially a driving simulator but there is a bit of added depth with the ability to build garages and hire other drivers to work for you but for the most part you will be flying down a motorway, watching your speed, watching the traffic, checking that ever so slightly tight bend(cos u will roll if not careful)..Having played many types of games the question of immersion often comes up...not long after first buying this game I was playing one night...Headphones on..Driving down the motorway..Listening to the in game radio(a metal channel) then it began to rain...wipers on ..slow down a bit i'm starting to weave around.. that short time driving down that motorway was the most immersed I've ever been in any game.Special mention should also be given to the Devs..they are constantly releasing updates..listening to player feedback..offering cheap dlc (paint jobs) and periodically releasing larger dlc that opens up new roads and countries and they continue to do this despite working on American Truck Simulator. They also offer the world of trucks website which you can upload your trucking profile to in game and earn achievements and rewards through there ...for christmas they had a challenge to deliver presents over a distance equal to the distance between their offices and the north pole..reward?.. free Dlc..So in summary, Great game..don't be put off by the 'Sim' aspect and support the Devs because they really deserve it and already have one confirmed sale of American Truck Simulator."
,Recommended,227300,33136134,Posted: 2 July,all,Lt. Apfel-Jouse,"One of the most relaxing games I've played in a long time. If you love just cruising down from Southampton to Scotland, this is the game for you.-------Pros:-------+Very nice controls, even playing with keyboard is nice.+Lots of customization (with the odd few mods, e.g. SiSL)+Not very unforgiving with failure+Further on into the game it turns into a business and you expand-------Cons:--------A bit repetitive if you're going through the same area-A LOT of the game is locked behind DLC e.g. 'Going East' and 'Vive la France' needed to be included originally-NPCs are sometimes a little buggy, on their red light they will moveOverall, this game is very good, I like strolling through different countries however I feel like I will run out of places to explore so I am buying 'Going East!' this very moment."
,Recommended,227300,22576120,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Femton15,"This game just keeps getting better! Also with the Multiplayer Mod it makes so much fun with Virtual Trucking Companies etc. If you like trucks and roleplay, you have come to the right place!"
,Recommended,227300,35104652,Posted: 21 September,all,Your0man,My girlfriend didn't get why I loved this game.Said I was a loser and a weirdo.So I built my transport company into a million dollar empire just to show her what I'm capable of.I haven't heard from her for a while.666/10
,Recommended,227300,12482207,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,¤ 💕 ♥  Miss_Bexy💕 ♥ ¤,Jumped a red light and got fined $400.  11/10
,Recommended,227300,13657012,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[71st] Glenn [9e],"YOU GET A SPEEDING TICKET, AND YOU GET A SPEEDING TICKET, AND YOU GET A SPEEDING TICKET, AND YOU GET A SPEEDING TICKET!10/10 would get speeding ticket again"
76561198146360194,Recommended,227300,31996287,Posted: 27 May,all,Tri12,"Bought it because it was on sale,said "" I'll never play this ""Played it.Played it again.Again.And.... you know where it's going.This is such a great game, even thought at the beginning you're like :""This is hard :(""I'm not gonna explain why is this game so good, just look at the other reviews just around mine.Just, don't underestimate this game."
,Recommended,227300,28428784,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,No elo,"Hello truckers, my friends.I'll tell you my history and i don't would you like it or not, but i want confide in someone and i want do it here.. So im already 38 years old and i work as truck driver in transport company. Trucks are my life and i won't change this job to anything else... Im driving for 14 years. My wife died 2 years ago, and my kids gone to Los Angeles, but I stayed here, in Montreal and im driving across America... Once I had to go to someone, to family... but now i wasn't  met with kids for a year... because for who i will drive... Im sending money to my mother, which pays bill. I will drive for home on Christmas to stay with mother, have some rest and then i will go back to work. Im driving actually Volvo VNL670 and it is my real home, i have TV, notebook, fridge.. etc.. everything that i need.. i found that web accidentally when i was looking for news about transport.. I wanted to write something about me and i want to know from you what you think about that life. I guess that most of you are professional truck drivers, so please normal responce.. im writing actually from Jacksonville in Florida, I have course to Orlando.. I have to unload it at 22 P.M. so i will start after a few time, i will sleep sometime and unload. I will do a few courses and we will drive to base, because of Christmas. I can also write something if you won't know or understand..  especially young truckers. I gladly help, i have experience so i think i can help someone. Lately i helped some guy with changing a tire, because he hadn't got a lift. So my life is a trucks and please write what you think about that life. Regrads to truckers and young drivers, don't be scared you will learn everything and it will be ok. I was young too and when i get intro truck i was fearful, but i had to go and i learnt by that and now i drive definitely and boldly. So don't be scared young truckers driving that moster. Regards and please write. I will check everyday on pause what you think about that life... good bye."
,Recommended,227300,24392530,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,＠ｐｉｒｓ,"Remember driving around on GTA listening to the radio? Felt pretty awesome, right?Well, this is it."
76561198026328168,Recommended,227300,31164336,Posted: 15 April,all,Pimp_This,"Surprisingly fun and addictive game. Once you build up your character's attributes you can make bank. Some of the deliveries can be 1,000+ km/miles. Just turn on the radio or listen to your own manually added tunes and enjoy the ride. You can purchase multiple trucking locations and hire drivers for each of them who in turn make money for you as they complete deliveries.There are a good number of truck manufacturers to choose from and plenty of options and upgrades, not to include DLC which further enhances upgrades. This game has quite a bit of replay value and much of that comes from the devs who continually provide updates and the modding community who tirelessly provide worthwhile mods. Get busy and start building your trucking empire!"
76561198058921294,Recommended,227300,25972749,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Discos_Dead,"A (generally) relaxing grind game.  If you like clear set objectives and earning your way to bigger and better things, you'll very likely enjoy this game.My company is big enough now that I can just cruise around and see the sights while my employees earn the big euros for me.  I find it really pleasant to listen to the radio while driving to a place on the map that I've never been to before.  I also REALLY appreciate that the development team constantly adds little tweaks and improvements - for example finally being able to set my own destination on the GPS.One minor, but annoying aspect is the limited number of drivers you can hire.  I know, there are many, many drivers to hire and it may seems pointless to offer any more... But, I've hired every single available driver and there are still lots of cities where I haven't built garages yet.  Point being, I want to hire more drivers, but can't.   Apparently I have single-handedly reduced unemployment for a whole section of Europe."
,Recommended,227300,25139028,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ART Kesh,"+++ Massive modding community ++++ Great developer support. Updated quite frequently+ Great graphics for its game engine+ Great vehicle physics+ Dynamic time, weather and vehicle damage.+ Friendly interface+ Ability to purchase garages and hire drivers to work for you+ 1000s of miles of road to drive on+ Many cities to discover+ Several trucks to choose from+ Realistic sounds+ Lots of accessories and options to choose+ Great wheel support+ Many trailers and jobs to choose+ Multiplayer available+ 100s of hours of gameplay+ Integrated radio and music player+ Console can be enabled to edit / modify different parameters+ Map editor+ Inexpensive DLC+ Easily the best truck simulator out there- End game can be reptitive with nowhere to progress;- Deliveries needs to be much more challenging for skilled players.- Framerates can drop in cities or with dense traffic due to outdated game engine- AI not perfected yet. Traffic can stop randomly on the road (motorways especially) for no reason. Traffic does not give way properly at roundabouts or when entering the depot which can cause huge traffic jams. In the event of an AI crash, the traffic will not reverse unless you hit them to give the AI space.- Collision physics are off. Trailers rubbing of barriers will cause your truck to stop or slow down abruptly.9.5/10I strongly recommend this for those who like simulation games."
,Recommended,227300,23499715,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Antwog,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a good casual truck driving simulator developed and published by SCS Software. The game was released in January 2013. You, the player, will create a truck driver that can choose from several generic appearance options and you will create your business with a name and logo. The objective of the game is for you to choose contracts to deliver goods and services to various destinations in return for cash. This review will examine Euro Truck Simulator 2's main features in regards to gameplay, environment in respects to performance.ETS2 features entertaining gameplay targeted at casual gamers, as players can play, relax, and listen to music. ETS2 features a job market, split into quick job, freight market, and external contracts. The final category is World of Trucks related; therefore I will not cover it. A quick job is for beginning the game. You choose a job and you drive a business-assigned truck to the destination and in return earn cash. A freight market is for when you purchase a truck and complete jobs to grow your business. Furthermore, once you make money you buy more trucks and hire employees that automatically choose and complete jobs on a time-basis and do earn cash for your business. At the end of each delivery, may it be you or your drivers, all earn experience that increases your levels and grants you skills so you can place into one of six categories, which feature diverse attributes. The game features several brands for trucks and there is an upgrade system that allows you to use money to purchase various upgrades for you and your employee’s trucks including wheels, design, and interior. The entire gameplay process is easy to grasp and it was not difficult for me to learn because it is essentially picking a contract, completing that contract and getting money, and so forth. Furthermore, the game is endless through the objectives of growing your business and learning of all the areas in the game, meaning there is replay potential in ETS2. And, the game does feature a very nice variety of trucks, designs, and customisation. The game features an in-game radio system that allows you to download live radio stations from the Internet. For instance, I was playing and listening to BBC Radio 1, which was live and had Emilia Clarke from Game of Thrones in for an interview, so it is a complement to the gameplay. Lastly, the game is very realistic and compares to real-life counterparts through the behaviour of AI drivers and through regulations. The game features speed limits, toll booths, traffic lights, stop signs, basically anything that you see when you drive on so it does add a high level of realism towards the core mechanics of the game. The only negative I have with the gameplay is your truck can only go 90. While this may be realistic, this can be awfully slow when the majority of the game is highways.ETS2 features an excellent map design that alters depending on what location you are at. For instance, Berlin has a different landscape and bigger cities than Torino, Italy. But overall, I found the variety to be plentiful and the overall landscape and environment beautiful and gorgeous. I loved the autobahn's in Germany to the tons of tolls in France to the countryside of Britain. The game complements the great areas by incorporating further detail through weather and night driving. With weather, AI does not change its behaviour, but the only notable difference is drivers have their lights on, but it does not affect their speed. Likewise, night driving is realistic as there are fewer cars driving and there is lights everywhere to illuminate the area. All countries have diverse road designs and it complements the experience.  Performance-related, the game remains consistent in FPS as I was able to maintain a 48-55FPS playing on max settings with minimal drops under 48 and regular increases over 55. I commend the developers for the effort they have in producing a truly beautiful environment and with the diverse weather affects and how it affects the roads. I also commend them with strong optimisation to make sure lower-end PCs play this with ease. My only wish was for bigger cities, but that is probably something we will see in American Truck Simulator.ETS2 has very minor bugs and spelling errors. These are not entirely noticeable, but are present in the game. In saying that, I will not detract from the score because SCS Software have been excellent in providing continued support and update for ETS2, even post-American Truck Simulator release.Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a gorgeous game that is simple, aimed for driving and simulation fans and for casual gamers. It acheieves a very high level of performance, coupled with excellent design and scenery. It has several features and options to spice up the game and maintain simplicity while driving. It is realistic that it matches real-life experiences of road regulations, traffic lights, and even penalties. The game features 35 DLCs with two major expansions, one cabin accessory DLC and the rest being paint jobs. I highly recommend the Euro Truck Simulator 2 + East/North Expansion bundle for USD$29.99 as the game has high replayability.Ratings:Gameplay 8.75/10Environment/Performance: 9.25/10Overall: 9/10Thanks for reading my review! If you liked this review, rate it and join my review group.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/AntwogReviewsIf you have questions comment below or post in Antwog's Analysis (Reviews) general discussion page.I want to note as well, thank you all for helping me to reach 100 members on Antwog's Analysis (Reviews)! I appreciate it.http://store.steampowered.com/app/227300/"
,Recommended,227300,29748680,Posted: 6 February,all,[LKW Tr.] Runar64 (NOR),"I have soon played Euro Truck Simulator 2 for two years and it's the best game I've ever played! I'm close to 1500 hours on record and I'm not sick of it at all! I bought it on sale and I was very sceptic to this game. You can see many real landmarks and you learn to drive! It's many different roads: motor roads, small roads, roads on mountains and in long tunnels! The game is 4 years old so there are some things SCS could updated, for example making Autotolls and many junctions can be confusing. I started delivering one load and thinked that this game wasn't bad at all, and here I am, almost two years later and still love to truck! Don't hesitate to buy this game, it's worth every penny! :)"
76561198263710583,Recommended,227300,26304657,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Baconator,"I really enjoy this game, it is very relaxing to just drive different places. Although it gets pretty funny when you acidentally break the rules of the road. If you get this i suggest getting the multiplayer mod fromhttps://truckersmp.com/I definitely reccomend this game for just a fun, relaxing time."
76561198024496675,Recommended,227300,32892081,Posted: 27 June,all,SteemPimP,"At first I thought hell naw... why would I want to drive at the speed limit, for miles and miles. /ignored the game for a long time. One fine day, it went on special, and I saw all these positive reviews... so I thought I'd give it a try.77 hours later, I am in love with this game.You'll take a random truck, drive that first load just down the road. Then you'll pull your hair out a little trying to park the truck in exactly the right place for that little extra $ (Euros), and get some exp. And then the bug hits you, and BEWM. 5 hours will pass in a blink of an eye.When I got my first Lolvo (*cough*), I absolutely loved the steering wheel - go figure. So you build up an empire, choose drivers, buy places, drive to cities just to find a Lolvo store.Then I got a Scania engine upgrade, omg, drove the whole frikkin day.Eventually my family gave up waiting on me for meals, with comments like ""oh look, he's dropping off another load"".Pros: totally addictiveCons: totally addictive11/10 would drop another load!PS: as cheesy as it may sound, I spent at least 25% of my 77 hours of playing time totally pimping out my rigs. Everything from lights, horns (blow it baby), tyres, the colour of the writing on the tyres, and the interior of the cabin... down to the girly mags on the dash. The mods are splendid - thank you everyone that put effort into those.Buy this game, you won't be sorry."
,Recommended,227300,12605152,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Ultraviper,http://youtu.be/uCno1HSNUnE
,Recommended,227300,26218763,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Flooooooooow,"ETS2 is one of the most relaxing games I've ever played, there's something so chilled and relaxing about trucking long distances where it's just the truck, the road and (for me) the music. I love sitting back with the in game radio on and just driving. The in game radio is an internet radio of sorts and you can connect to real radio stations, there even has been radio stations made and maintained specifically by and for truck simmers.It is a fairly grindy game, but usually for me, a grindy game is an issue when the gameplay gets super repetitive and boring which it has not for me in ETS2. Though keep in mind I do only have around 40 hours logged.Personally I didn't know if I'd enjoy it too much, I've never really been into trucking or anything like that but I was very pleasantly suprised by how much fun I've had with this. If you're doubting your interest, at least give it a go.There is a big map from the get go and coupled with the dlc's it makes for a HUGE map. There are still some portions of the maps which I feel are not very accurate and fairly bland. That being the UK, being from England I get frustrated at driving in the UK in this game because it doesn't feel as authentic as I feel it could. The main concern with the UK driving is the on/off ramps of the motorways. In the UK the motorways are three lanes and have an additional lane created for the on/off ramps, in ETS2 the three lanes split and one of them is used for the on/off ramp. This might be a bit nit picky but it just really annoys me of the lack of authenticity presented in the UK side of the map, something about the merging from the on ramps would feel pretty enjoyable in my opinion. It is very clear from the newest DLC that SCS has improved greatly at making the map and I'd love to see them do some more revisiting of older sections.The developers do indeed still update the game which is very nice to see this is still getting supported even though they've released American Truck Simulator.There is also a very nice modding scene, mods such as ProMods add even more life into the game, adding more countries and improving on some already existing ones, it really makes the game feel a lot better to play. Various mods to add real companies and different trailers are also a must for me.I've seen a lot of people who don't want to play because they don't have a good wheel or whatnot but I've had absolutely no problems with keyboard and mouse, the menus are really well done to allow enough tweaking to make the controls feel comfortable for you.Overall, it's a very relaxing and fun game, the trucks feel fun to drive and it's a simulator done right with a pretty decent management system too.Pros+Relaxing+Good modding scene+Game still supported and updatedCons-Some parts of the map need some work to bring it up to the standard of some other parts of the map.Final score: 8/10 - a must play for anyone."
,Recommended,227300,7566790,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Jefe✓,"One of the best truck simulator on PC.Good graphics, live surrounding world, smart AI, thousands of kilometers of roads, tuning trucks and much, much more !"
,Recommended,227300,24778159,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,[Suisse] luuker,"So this is the most relaxing non-competive driving simulator ever to be created. I wake up turn on my pc, get some food, setup my steering wheel, pedals and gearstick and im trucking for the rest of the day. Totally recommend this game if you just want to relax no stress, no whiny females, just you, your truck and A lot of roads to drive over 👍 Also very usefull when u want to forget about all your problems, you won't notice the SWAT team in your house cause you are trucking, you won't notice that you havent been outside for 5 years. This game is the best game ever made in the history of games."
76561198301609087,Recommended,227300,31557385,Posted: 5 May,all,GeeBee,"Destressing has never been sooo easyThis game does exactly what it says, You drive a realistically simulated truck/trailer combination through Europe, mix in some RPG elements and managing options and voila: Euro Truck Simulator 2.The simulationSimulators are gameplay heavy, and this one's no different. So its important that it lives up to its name. And it delivers.. without being overly complex. You might have trouble driving a big vehicle on the narrow european roads at first, especially if you dont have any driving experience on public roads, but after a while you understand that this game is meant to be played at a slow pace. Gracefully ""forces"" you to play slow.And this is where it starts to shine. rewarding your patience with a great feeling of achievement when you finally understand the trick to reversing your trailer into position, or passing the border between Belgium and France after a long playthrough and seeing the road architecture; signs, roads, police cars, the nature change. It starts to draw you in and before you know it, you're able to buy and upgrade your own truck drive anywhere you want. Upgrade your character with new cargo options and driving longer distances. switching on the light when the day turns to night and the small details like seeing the small, barely noticable light switch changing direction on the dashboard. Illuminating the dash computer and important switches. SCS has grasped the magic of making an accesible believable simulator while still giving experienced truckers that extra edge, putting on the differential lock when struggling in the mud, or lifting the middle axle to save on fuel and tyre wear. The damage model is however poorly simulated. Due to licensing reasons the trucks have no visual damage at all and is being shown in percentages. Once a high % has been reached the engine will start to stall occasionally. It would have been nice to have a more detailed damaging model where you gradually loose coolant for example or running a flat tyre.Visually soundIt looks like the developers made the right balance between performance and eye candy. This game is not meant to be played for the graphics obviously but the game looks pretty with sunrays pouring through the dense trees south of Germany with the mountainous backdrop off Austria in the distance. The trucks ofcourse are the diamond of this game. Shiny and detailed with loads of external and internal customization going on with the steam workshop allowing for even more customization. Of course the trucks also sound the part like you expect. small details in engine and blinker sound reveal what truck you are driving. However it would be nice to actually hear the difference when putting different exhausts on your truck.It's all about the journeyThis game will definitely appeal to alot of people, even for people remotely interested in truck driving. It gives me the content that i have dreamt for for years. The game makes one feel at ease when driving long hauls. The debut of this great concept of a game is generating idea's for the future like being able to visually inspect your truck/engine bay for damage. Right now SCS has the succesfull recipe for the best trucking game to date and safely secures the future of trucking simulators.9/10- T"
,Recommended,227300,12596104,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,mysterybiscuit,"Euro Truck Simulator 2Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a game made by SCS Software, a company that has experience with making trucking games, and this game really shows that:The Good:Relaxing, once you boot up the game and start driving around, you just get relaxed.Immersive, on max settings, this games graphics are absolutely stunning, and everything looks very realistic.Fun, it's a lot of fun to drive around and swear at the AI because they've crashed into your truck and you get fined.Realistic, they actually bothered (bovvered) to put a radio in so you can listen to internet radio stations. You might as well buy a real truck by this point.Long, this game takes so long, contrary to other games this game will game you at least 100 hours of game play if you rush through it.Stupid/Realistic AI, the AI behaves like they're real people: Clowns on the road.Low Requirements, you don't need a Gaming PC to run this game.The Mediocre:Sometimes it takes a bit too long to do stuff, and I do recommend only to play when you have some free time on your handsThe Bad:Nothing reallyThe Verdict:Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a game that proofs that you should never judge a book on its cover. If you hear the name, you'd think that it's dull, but once you start playing it, it just sucks you in and before you now it, it is 3 o' clock in the morning before you have to go to school."
,Recommended,227300,25570226,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Yusufツ ▄︻̷̿┻̿═━,"Loved this game when i played it back in 2012 and i am glad i bought it again on Steam, if you love trucks and driving this is the game for you :)! Do not hesitate and just buy it right now because ur not going to regret this decision :)!PROS:-Amazing Trucks-Landscapes are beautiful-Textures are beautiful-Ingame Radio Stations added for ultimate trucking music-OVERALLLLLLL JUST AN AMAZING GAME!CONS:-DEVS SHOULD ADD SNOW IN THE GAMEWOULD RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE WHO LIKES TRUCKS, DRIVING SIMULATORS, LIKES TO DO SOMETHING WHILE ITS RAINING OUTSIDE OR JUST SOMETHING TO FILL UP UR DAY WITH (THIS GAME WILL MAKE TIME GO BY FAST :D) OR JUST IF YOU WANT TO HAVE SOME FUN!!97/10"
,Recommended,227300,12769834,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Dawk.SaltyCat,"if you like relaxing games, and you like trucksthis is the game for you."
,Recommended,227300,11826846,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,twitch.tv/Viso2k ` CSGO500,"This game is simply one of my best, i love driving trucks."
,Recommended,227300,14045023,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,DarkStarSword,"I don't normally play simulator type games, but after hearing nothing but good things about this game I decided to pick it up while it was on sale and give it a go.My conclusion? Yup, it's good. Spend a nice relaxing time driving around Europe listening to random European Heavy Metal radio stations (or whatever genre floats your boat) followed by half an hour figuring out how the hell to reverse park a truck with attached trailer (skippable, but with a bit of practice it becomes fairly easy). Occasionally get a fine in Luxembourg for running a red light (It was yellow I swear!) or speeding in France. Get a loan from the bank and start up a trucking company, because why not?Bonus points for having really good support for nVidia 3D vision out of the box - there are a few issues (skybox too close, stereo mouse cursor sometimes gets stuck at the wrong depth, the odd body of water is renders incorrectly), but nothing severe enough to stop me playing it and throw helix mod at it."
,Recommended,227300,25780689,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Gilgen,"If you are tired of gaming and just wanna ♥♥♥♥ arround this game is for youTake a mission buy your own truck drive with speedlimiter or without. Make your own Company.With the online mod  its even more fun. no traffic just the truck drivers and admin as cops and some idiot pilots trying to help you.I dunno why but this game is fun. nice trucks, good radios, nice trailors and the people online are just fun. some drive good some are just stupid. good admins kicking/ban the rammers.A big plus point are the Dev team because they listen to community and doing alot nice workEnjoy"
,Recommended,227300,13217876,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Uncle_D,"I'll keep it short and sweet, if you ever drove 18 wheelers or just like trucks you'll love this sim! Personally I'm waiting on the new SCS American Truck Sim to drop! You do need to fine tune your controls and steering but other than that I love it. And the free private ad-on mods sometimes take the sim to a whole new level!"
76561198128763467,Recommended,227300,31114478,Posted: 13 April,all,Fake_Death,Dear Scs :)I want directX 11 or 12 and full working double trailers. We all want it!Beside that the game with all the modders is good.EDIT: Now we just need directX 11 or 12 :)
76561198046440044,Recommended,227300,13593803,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Aquila,Let's talk about euro truck simulator 2ETS2 = A relaxing Simulation of being a trucker+ Good shaders+ Realistic driving- Some  terrain graphics aren't to good- Lots of roads are the sameIf you aren't enjoying ETS2  you're playing it wrongHere is my guide1. Make a huge playlist2. start driving3. get addicted4. Job well donerecommended
,Recommended,227300,7743734,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Melty Boddicker,the greatest moment in pc gaming history: driving trucks through germany while rocking out to 1980s slovakian pop
,Recommended,227300,22850753,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,The Leeds Lad [GB],"Quite possibly the greatest simulator ever made.With its smooth gameplay, eye-watering graphics and a vast amount of vehicles available vanilla, you can be assured that your first drive in this game will be an unforgettable one.Then there's the mod community. It has to be one of the biggest out there. There are many sites out there where you can download extra content for this game. There's so much of it out there, you'll probably need to rent out Google's servers for a day just to hold them all.If you get this, I highly recommend you get the Multiplayer mod for this. It's that great, it won Mod of the Year 2014. You can meet other people who share the same interests as you and take a drive together. If showing off is your thing, you can enter a truckfest or drive in a convoy of your choice using the dedicated convoy sites. You even have the chance to drive a highly detailed car, which you can use for either piloting a convoy or just as an ordinary civilian vehicle.Overall, this gets a 10/10 from me. And for as low as £3 during a sale, you can never go wrong. It's essentially a steal."
76561198014560144,Recommended,227300,8061042,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Cruzader,"Alot more fun then you maby think! Start a company, drive across Europa, buy more trucks, hire driver for them, buy garage's in different city's & Level up to get more different jobs and longer distances to drive. Its an relaxing driving experience, i enjoy it alot."
,Recommended,227300,26870707,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MarcosFelipe94,Very good driving game and also there is a mod with multiplayer servers and a lot of people playing.Great game.
,Recommended,227300,17078001,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Darius,"Best trucking game in steam store, with a lot of positive reviews, community made multiplayer, great scenery, awesome trucks and other stuff... Go take your huge metal horse's steering wheel and i see you on the road ;)"
,Recommended,227300,17730406,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,jos,you drive trucks and for some reason its fun
76561198095588757,Recommended,227300,23415471,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Computer (Easy),This is a good simulator game thumbs up!
,Recommended,227300,34129552,Posted: 9 August,all,Sajan Zafer,Best game so far in life
,Recommended,227300,19126082,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,raw1990,"Relaxing and Beautiful!Why do I love Euro Truck Simulator 2?1- Its a beautiful simulator.2- Feels extremly realistic (Truck brands and Europes geography)3- Gives you the possibility to add your favourite radio stations to your trucks radio, making it a relaxing and real experience of making those long road trips!4- Starts realistically- You start by driving your companies truck, progress to buy your own truck and end up having a logistics company full of trucks and drivers working for you!If you are a fan of simulators, a fan of driving and live in Europe. This game is absolutly for you!"
,Recommended,227300,26446030,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Snow,"I love this game, it's fun, I run it on max settings and it's beautiful. Multiplayer Mod is enjoyable, most players are respectful and follow the rules of the road. Others, well... they just don't care, they ruin Multiplayer, and they think it's fun to ram into you.. not fun when it costs you £110,000 in damage costs to the cargo your delivering -_- Other than that, it's a lovely game to buy if you enjoy simulation"
,Recommended,227300,17531427,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,mushy924,"10 out of 10Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a great Trucking Simulator improving so much over the first game, with a huge map to explore (some DLC is required for the full map), jump in the cab of real world trucks from Scania, MAN, IVECO, DAF and Mercedes-Benz all are fully customizable with new rims and paint jobs custom bull bars and even cabin accessories.ETS2 has great graphics, animations and sound, the truck handling is spot on, featuring controller support for the G27, G29 (also the G920) and the Xbox 360 wireless/wired controller.ETS2 is a must buy for trucking and sim fans alike. So what are you waiting for jump in start your engine and head out on the open road. :)"
76561198011682943,Recommended,227300,30238013,Posted: 28 February,all,[REDi]1R LCPL Daniel,"Get Trucker MP mod if you want this game, 3000+ plaers on the same server, trucks everywhere, people yelling at each other in all kinds of languages; keeps you on your toes :D"
,Recommended,227300,32862994,Posted: 27 June,all,✪ Silvio Santos | Dollar Bill,it's just soooooooo good
,Recommended,227300,13892271,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Pr1nc3,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is all about living the dream that is professional trucking. Euro Truck Simulator 2 is too serious. The game even tells you as you begin that this is your dream job. With more than enthusiasm, players begin their adventure humbly with a little garage in the home city of their choice, and a company with no trucks.The player begins by taking jobs for other companies, earning money from one city to another, with an eye toward earning enough cash and purchasing a truck. An owned truck means more freedom, with higher paying jobs that require more responsibility. When working directly for the player company, cargo is waiting at a select shipping yard and must be hitched to the truck before it can be taken to its ultimate destination. The next step from there is to start upgrading the garage, hiring other drivers to bring in more income, and eventually building a trucking empire that spans all of Europe.The more you go, the more there is to do. Want to expand quickly? You can take out loans that need to be repaid. Want specialized drivers? They each level up the same way you do, and you can dictate the way they do. Of course, you also have to be mindful of expenses, be they repayments to the bank or fuel consumption by employees looking for work. There are a lot of ducks to get in a row, but the interface is user-friendly and information is constantly provided so nothing ever feels hopeless.More than a game about driving, Euro Truck Simulator 2 boasts some role playing elements to keep things interesting. Successful jobs earn experience, which gives skill points. Skill points can be spent upgrading one's proficiency in certain types of jobs, unlocking new types of cargo, or even investing in fuel efficiency. Improving personal abilities and building a business from one lone driver to an entire fleet.Driving trucks is as realistic as possible. Offering a huge map of Europe, there's plenty of time to be spent on the open road, and lots of distance to cover. Although you won't be undertaking journeys in real-time, a decent paying job is still quite the investment. I often found myself able to only play one job at a time.There are a variety of controls and settings allowing for significant flexibility in terms of personal comfort. You can choose how complex your controls are, with automatic settings keyboard and set up a wheel. Whatever your available input, Euro Truck do a great job of covering you and ensuring you get into the game easily.A tutorial guides for newcomers, and the essential GPS is easy to understand, as is its clear and simple route map. My first job was a decided disaster, with me getting the trailer stuck a number of times, managing to tip the vehicle over, and even call for emergency rescue.Traffic lights, speed cameras, and the ever-present need to keep one's eyes on the road can always trip up an overconfident player, and as relaxing as long country drives may be, the pressure to avoid mistakes is present throughout. It's very easy to start getting speeding along a motorway without regard to other drivers and strict speed limits. Every mistake translates into a financial penalty, damaged cargo reduces the payday, and suffered by an owned truck will have to be paid for at service stations.When a mistake occurs, it's almost always our fault, but there are some moments where the computer controlled road users face an issue. But they're few and far between, and experienced drivers will be able to avoid many of the hazard that lead to such trouble. Despite the occasional pressure to perform jobs well, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is still a largely cleansing experience. There's a driving through a variety of countries, a sense of joy as you get closer to your destination, and a sense of accomplishment in performing such boring tasks as refueling at gas stations and finding parking stops at which to grab some sleep. As you build your business up from nothing and take on more of managerial duties, it's hard not to feel pride over rewards well earned.Although most visually advanced game, Euro Truck's believable presentation of Europe's roads and cities and atmosphere of the backdrops, there's a sense of individuality to each new territory you uncover, and the trucks themselves are lovingly recreated with an intricate level of detail. Owned trucks can be repainted and upgraded with all manner of parts, and as the player levels up, the potential for personalization expands.The most fun aspect of Euro Truck Simulator 2, however, comes in the form of its music. With the simple tap of the ""R"" key, you can open up a menu packed with European Internet radio streams as well as your own Music and Radio streams. Providing a wide variety to listen. There's also the option to queue up music from one's own PC.Conclusion:Very realistic and very fun to play good gameGreat GraphicsLarge map, (With Going East and upcoming Scandinavia DLCs.t's a very relaxing gameIt’s very easy and to listen to music, podcasts or the radio.Customization options for trucksLots of different skills to improve to make yourself a better driver or to unlock new types of cargoReal truck manufacturers with Different truck designs.Photo mode with different options allowing you to take nice shots of your trucks.World of Trucks Achievements and Events from the developers to unlock new contents through world of trucks                             website.Seat, lights and mirror adjustment, lights are all customizable.Different cargo types, especially with the High Power pack and some of the skills you can unlockDifferent skills to unlock new cargos.Customizable ControlsPlenty of great mods and it's very easy to install modsGame customizable with mods and it's very easy to install mods.Extra paint job packs in high quality.High Quality sceneryRating:10 of 10"
,Recommended,227300,13579879,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,[CTR] Lucky,"I'm a truck driver in real life. This is the best Truck Simulator I've seen.Now if the developers could add some bridges and other obstacles too low or narrow for the trucks to pass, narrower, twisty and bumpy roads with heavy climbs and slippery surfaces, snowchains, risk of flat tires, destinations which are extremely hard to locate, deliveries fitted with the wrong address, more paperwork, dirt and carwash, and the risk of delivering the wrong goods or wrong amount at the wrong place this would be an even better simulation of a trucker's everyday life.But seriously, this is THE truck driving simulator. If you ever wanted to see what it feels like driving a truck around, this is probably as close as you can get without actually doing it. However, a major difference between this game and driving a truck around in real life is the level of comfort and relaxation. Driving a truck in real life will make you tense, whereas this game is weirdly relaxing.The sim is good looking and well made. I never regret for a second spending a few bucks on this game."
76561198052202804,Recommended,227300,35349289,Posted: 30 September,all,Latvian_Grill,My experience so far:* First day joining mp- got stuck in a gateway with cargo. Started panicking as other players were waiting on me.* Communication between players- spaming horns and flashing the crap out of ya.* First speeding ticket- ooh no! Rest of 'em- meh.* My first earning. Bank- u wunt sum munniez?* Parking = rageThis game is ridiculous. I love it.
,Recommended,227300,20444274,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Narukoopa,"“With its stellar gameplay and presentation, Euro Truck Simulator 2 set a new standard for the simulation genre.” -Gaming NexusBetter thanEuro Truck SimulatorWorse thanActually driving a truck with your own business in which you travel around Europe.TL:DRDriving games have never really been my thing in the past. The only reason I bought this was because one of my friends was nagging me to buy it. When I first played it, my first hour was literally crashing everywhere trying to adapt to the controls. But the more I played it, the more I loved it. You can own your own buisness and travel around a huge chunk of Europe. Definitely a must buy! Give it a chance, it's worth it.NOTE:All of my reviews are laid out in a particular format that fits the game.AboutEuro Truck Simulator 2 is the 2nd game of the Euro Truck franchise. You drive around Europe, completing deliveries and earning money to manage your own company. You can hire drivers to work for you by also completing deliveries around Europe. You can buy your own truck and design it in anyway you choose. Make your dream come true...... but in a video game.GameplayThe gameplay is pretty simple if you've played simulation games beforehand. There are different modes for controls so for newcomers it shouldn't be too hard to adapt. Once you're used to handling your truck, it can be pretty relaxing. The game has tons of real-life radio stations for you tune in to. Your truck pretty much has things a real life truck would have, such has headlights, indicators and a horn. It even has steering wheel controller compatibility. There are 8 different camera views, so you can drive your truck at different angles. An almost basic style gameplay (Unless you go for the more advanced modes).Design/GraphicsYou don't need a super powerful PC to run the graphics at a high level. The developers have done a great job at detailing environments as best as they can. Some locations are beautiful to drive through, where as others are a bit plain and simple. The graphics aren't the best I've seen, but they're good enough to show a beauty element to it. The graphics settings are easy to navigate, should you need to change them.UI [User Interface]When looking at some of the screenshots, I can see some people being a bit overwhelmed if they haven't played many simulation games before, but as I said before, you easily adapt. As long as you know the controls, you don't need to worry about all the things you see around your steering wheel. Managing your company can be confusing at first, but the more you play, the more you get used to it.Pros- Very realistic- Huge world to explore- Beautiful environments- Different driving styles- Real-life radio stations to listen and relax to. :)Cons- Some parts of the road make no sense. E.G. Roundabouts.- Can be confusing for people new to simulator games.- Some environments can be plain and/or repetitive.Final RecommendationAs many people have said, this game is more of an experience. You don't have to like simulators to like this. You don't have to live driving games to like this. If I ever want to play a relaxing game, this would be the game I'd choose most of the time. It provides many hours of enjoyment, with plenty of things to do.I would definitely give this game a go!Final Verdict - 9/10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlTuC18xVIIhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/227300/If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/Please also check out Completing the Backlog's Curator page [http://steamcommunity.com/groups/completingthebacklog#curation]here[/url] - follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!You can also check out my review page here -http://steamcommunity.com/groups/narukoopasfriends#curationThanks for Reading!"
,Recommended,227300,9760996,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,ownosourus,"The New Euro Truck Simulator is a game that will attract fans of previous games for many hours. I'm certain that many virtual drivers will spend weeks in their trucks driving through Europe. But if you're that kind of player that doesn't like driving trucks, there's nothing for you here - the rules haven't changed and the slow gameplay is as slow as before. But all in all, ETS2 is the best trucking game from SCS Software.A surprising truly well-done simulation that puts you behind a truck letting you enjoy discovering and exploring Europe.With its stellar gameplay and presentation, Euro Truck Simulator 2 set a new standard for the simulation genre."
76561198112486038,Recommended,227300,13899481,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,The Infamous El Guapo,"I simply got hooked on this game, big time.  This is one of those games that isn't fun, yet it's still entertaining.  Maybe, it's because it's kind of relaxing, just driving a big truck along European highways at night, with nothing to worry about except getting to Point B except offcourse obeying the traffic rules and knowing what your side of the road you are on specially in the UK.I like also dig the concept of starting out your company from scratch and make it successful.  In addittion, you can pretend travelling through Europe and enjoying the amazing landscapes.The single and probably the main reason this game is so appealing to me is the fact that I can listen to my own music playlist or watch a youtube clip  and still play it.  I like that in games.  Sometimes, I pause for a while and read news articles online then come back and play.The graphics are decent, and the gameplay has enough variety to keep you going for a while, with many different European and UK cities.  And the developers are great, offering expansions and DLCs to an already great game.I would definitely recommend for people who enjoy simulators because this one is pretty good.  I haven't tried the multiplayer mod yet.  I read somewhere that there are only a couple of servers available (US and UK) with very strict gameplay rules.All in all, it has been a very immersive and interesting experience and I give a score of 8/10."
,Recommended,227300,31655836,Posted: 9 May,all,King Arthur,"Euro Truck Simulator 2.It is a fantastic truck driving simulator, with really good physics and many other aspects. Now with multiplayer, this game is just getting better and funny as well (because after a while the game can get pretty boring if you're playing alone)."
76561198140940463,Recommended,227300,31839175,Posted: 19 May,all,DriverOfTheDay,"I honestly think this game doesn't get boring. Even doing 2000 km journies are fun which can take hours, The map is big enough so there is plenty of places to drive, and if they get discovered then there are the dlc extensions like Scandinavia or the French dlc, (I tried Scandinavia so far). U have all the european trucks, u can own garages, hire drivers who will make money for you, sadly you dont meet them on road.This game is one of the games which is still getting attention still getting new dlc's as u saw with the heavy cargo dlc. (I Won't use it though but thats just me)Let me tell you I played the demo yes the demo of this game for several hours, and even that was exciting for me.You should get this game I fully reccomend, it is quite relaxing and funConsThe ai - as pretty much any game, they can be stupid,  the turn into you or smash into your trailer without awareness.Damage to trailer: despite getting damage popup when u crash ur truck u don't for your trailer so if u somehow scratch it just ever so slightly... it gets damaged but u will only see it later and get shocked because u are like ""I didnt even touch anything"". It can be an ai crashing into your rear or you scratching your trailer when ur in fuel station. of course trailers are unfixable.  Solutions:  Be more aware, and make saves or pray that the autosave happens just before u crash.Don't take forklifts as a delivery, i just got 1% damage cause i went through the railway crossing at 14 km/h. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tThe ai dont react even if I beep them like mad and flash them xD they are going so slowly at times when they are on the fast lane, sometimes theymay do thogh I am not sure.No damage, and in collisons when u crash face to face into another truck well, the driver is sitting there without any effect.Conclusion.9/10 game. I would love to give it 10/10 but the ai isnt realistic.. they go way to slowe r than normal, if u park anywhere on the road, the ai is just gonna stay behind you, and wait like they are not allowed to pass, ... in real life whenever someone is slowing down  pretty much u know what a human would do,  go around the slow or parked truck"
76561198217177081,Recommended,227300,25331256,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,SomeRandomRapidash,"This game is amazing, the only way it could possibly be better is if it had Steam Workshop support. Wait..."
,Recommended,227300,34592105,Posted: 29 August,all,Valentin,"Do not know anything about trucks, will not take away from you the fun that the game has. Very relaxing, the game offers several diverse and varied places in all of the Europe.''One of the PCs finest and freshest driving games.''"
,Recommended,227300,13706371,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,bod699,For someone who has never had much interest in games of this type I got totally sucked in by this and have played / streamed the game for 51+ hours over the last 2 weeks. Whenever I start playing it I literally have to force myself to stop..Highly recommended
,Recommended,227300,14912298,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Silent,"Even though driving around MAY get boring after a while, this game has to be one of the most immersive driving games I have ever played.Content-wise, the game's not dissapointing either. You don't get too many trucks BUT you get plenty of variety when it comes to customizing. The map is pretty big and you can easily expand it with modifications (I DO recomment ProMods, their map expansion is like, REALLY polished and REALLY huge). If you get to add your favourite playlist or an online radio station, you'll love this game for sure.Oh, and, thanks to this game I started looking at mirrors when turning or changing lanes in the other games. Nothing's better than a game which builds good habits!"
,Recommended,227300,13346146,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Malika ♥ ✿ ♫,"Disappointed we couldn't stop and get fast food and gain 300 pounds slowly over the next 10 years.Otherwise, oddly relaxing and realistic.9/10"
,Recommended,227300,9966155,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Rulio,"Well, I wasn't excepting a simulator game will be that entertaining. This is a good game with nice graphisms and a big-enough variety of trucks. The specialization system is great, just like the employees system. However, the damages and the penaliy system are very strict because of the fact that you don't have a license system. Sometimes, you'll be at 90KM/H on the highway and a random car just made a tiny bump into your trailer and then it says ""Damages : -400€ and 2% damages to the trailer that contain fragile shipment lawl"". In this situation, you'll be like ""I'll crush your tiny car with my bare hands, u piece of trash!"". But sometimes, this kind of situation can make you laugh. However I am still wondering why I only have 45 FPS and 60°C on my GPU during driving and more than 900 FPS and 80°C on my GPU when I am on the menu.→ 85/100"
76561197996991591,Recommended,227300,12404852,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Big Old Target,"This game is suprisingly good for a simulation.Could the graphics be better? Yes. The cabs are highly detailed though with working gauges and lights. Outside scenery is a little lacking then you come across something that blows you away. A boat in the harbor, a lighthouse, an old manor.Could the AI drivers be less annoying? Yes but then it would loose some of it's charm.Picking the right loads and delivering them on time without racking up a ton of fines/damage is a real challange.Going from left hand drive to right hand drive countries will keep you on your toes.Being able to stream European radio is a huge plus to the immersion and really interesting. Tons of stations to choose from. Want to stream your own music? Go ahead the Dev's included a way to do that as well.Overall good game for those that like trucks and trucking."
76561197992206547,Recommended,227300,20356320,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,B00tsy,"This game was sitting in my library for a year already, but never got around to play it. Now that I am playing though I can't stop playing, it's pretty addictive to drive and build up your company!Is this game a simulation? Yes and no. Yes overall it is a (driving) simulation, but in the finer details it is not so much. Specially the whole road network and traffic is not quite real and a bit to generic. I wont go into all the details, but the road network is not like that in real life in Europe (and specially not the same for every country). How the highway ramps/exits are designed and how just one lane can be used to not take the exit I have never seen in Europe. Even though it's not that realistic, it is not something to get annoyed about, it is what it is and it works.As for the environment, that too (so far as i've explored it) is kind of generic (though nice looking), I don't really notice much difference between countries. When I am driving in Germany it could just as well been Poland or Slovakia or something. Some countries do have some unique buildings and scenery. The Netherland has windmills next to the road so you recognise that easily. However The Netherlands apparently also has hills, something I have never seen, and I am a Dutchie. And Austria and Switzerland does not have the Alpes mountains anymore. Those countries in real life have some great (tricky for truck drivers) mountain passes, but they are not there in the game. Mountains only exist as distant scenery, all the driving is done on hills at most.Overall the game has a bit to much copy/paste scenery/buildings/roads making more or less every country you drive through feel the same due to the same roads and what you see next to the roads. It would of course have been time intensive and costly for the devs to create unique buidings and environments for every country, but now it feels a bit to lazy. Even the vegetation and trees is exactly the same everywhere, there are maybe 4 or 5 different tees types on the whole map, grass and flowers are the same in whole Europe.I have never driven a truck so I can't really tell how realistic it is, besides I am playing with a controller and not with a wheel. The handling and phisics does feel nice and it really gives the feeling you are driving with a 10 ton trailer behind you.Controls (controller) has a pretty aweful default setup and the game does not 100% support an Xbox controller. Not every button on your controller can be used to bind functions to so you are stuck with limited controls, however the most important things can be used with the controller.Camera. It's great you can look around in your cockpit and look at both mirrors, but while driving I can't really use the camera, because I don't have a 3rd hand I can use. Playing with a controller you can setup one of the joysticks for the camera, but then you will have to setup the other joystick for both steering and braking/accellerate which results in unplayable driving. So in practice in the truck I always have the camera straight ahead and totally rely on the mirrors. Now I don't see much of the nice scenery though as I can't smoothly look left/right.Graphics in general is nice. I think they made a good compromise between quality and performance. The truck models look really great and high poly and the overall cars (traffic) look pretty good too. I especially love the sky and clouds in this game, it really looks nice when you drive into the morning sun and see those nice clouds. As for buildings and general terrain and scenery, it's nice, but not wow or anything.Conclusion:This is a really fun and addictive driving game/simulation that is suited for a very wide audience. I think almost anyone can have fun with this game/sim if you like driving. The game/sim can be set up to be played as an easy arcade suited for any age, but you can also ephatize the simulation aspect and make it more challenging. This game is a nice getaway from all the competitive games. It's very relaxing to just drive from A to B and meanwhile enjoy the scenery and the sun shining through the window while listening to some music. Dispite the few critical/negative notes I made I think this is a pretty solid game that I will at least sink a 100 hours into.Verdict:80/100"
,Recommended,227300,23233249,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Pikapool,"I never knew what country music is, knows nothing about trucks, after playing this game for 5 hours straight last week, oh boy, I wished I knew about this game sooner. Nothing beats the feeling driving the truck in 90 km/h while listening to those country music. Got 3000 euros fine the first time I did my delivery, not familiar with the traffic rules in Europe, but you can always reload.Driving is the core of this game, its relaxing and addictive at the same time. The graphic is breath taking, the musics are good, and the driving mechanic is based on reality, which makes it very comple. And god, those trucks are awesome as ♥♥♥♥, and you can upgrade your trucks from the tires, body, dashboard (incl. accessories), engine, suspensions, paintjobs, basically everything. Every delivery you complete will net you some exp, money and skill point. After you has some dough, you can hire new drivers, trucks and garages.The map is big enough (without the dlcs), IMO. It takes time to discover every roads to 100%. If you want a relaxing game with no pressure, try this one."
,Recommended,227300,12913801,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,PanDaPower,Simulator Of The Year 2014This is a beautifull designed simulator expanding and updating everyday it is really fun and a real life changer to play this game because after I played this game I have alot more respect for truck drivers that ever.This game is amazing it supports a wheel or keyboard & mouse it's graphics makes the game so realistic  and all the customizations u can do + all the mods u can get for this game at :http://ets2mods.org/and alot of more places plus they feature a amazing multiplayer that u can download for ree at :http://ets2mp.com/so go cheak out all this stuff for yourself and see how amazing this game is.
,Recommended,227300,1349252,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Hajo,easy to controlgood graphicchanging gameplayrealistic trafficvalueable simulation
,Recommended,227300,24627170,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Stalin did nothing wrong,"Extremely boring game with endless highways, only played it for a few hours before I got bored of it."
,Recommended,227300,7854032,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,meldme,"If you are feeling like going for a drive, but someone has stolen your car (again), why not just pop on 'Euro Truck Simulator 2?' For a nice, lazy sunday afternoon trek to various european destinations via abridged 'real world' locations, you can smash your way through traffic at high speeds of 45mph, with not a policeman in sight. This is the lethargic man's Grand Theft Auto. No need to get out of your rig to beatdown an old lady for chump change here. Just sit back and enjoy the scenery, and even take a nap at the steering wheel if you feel like doing so. When you wake up, you might be in Rotterdam, surrounded by mountainous vistas, with peaks as high as 3 feet. And if you have a good while to spare, you can attempt to park at your destination. Your clothes will be out of fashion by the time you do so, and you will be eligible for a bus pass, but it's all part of the Euro Truck 2 journey. Three thumbs up!"
,Recommended,227300,8143679,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,DerTebbers,"Driving a semi around Europe doesn't sound all that fun, but unlike most simulators where the fun is further depressed by terrible gameplay, SCS Software has created a masterpiece. There is a lot of long drives for sure, but as the modding community comes alive there are new and larger challenges around every corner. The graphics are excellent, the trucks feel right, and when you mess up and hit the wall you pay for it. These aren't race cars and driving them as such will only come out of your pocket.The added ability to hire drivers and build a trucking empire, while it still sounds tedious, is not nearly as boring as it sounds. The more you grow your company the more you can goof off and risk that speeding fine, car crash, or other poor decision.All in all Euro Truck Simulator 2 is worth a look by all gamers. Sit back, turn on the radio (which links to streaming radio stations from Europe), and drive!"
,Recommended,227300,10386375,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Ollex,"Got a speeding ticket, I was too busy listening to BBC Radio 2"
,Recommended,227300,30124916,Posted: 23 February,all,Sentork,"*bumps into a vehicle**86% truck damage + vehicle collision fee*But in all seriousness,This is worth the money and i recommend you to buy it if you are into simulator/driving simulator games, this is perfect if you just wanna sit back and relax and enjoy the road ahead."
,Recommended,227300,24530556,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Sergeant BADGER,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 will forever be one of my favorite games. I have put in hundreds of hours, and I still find that I have fun every time I decide to hop in the cab and play"
,Recommended,227300,16606370,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Skazz,"Euro Truck Simulator 2, SCS Software tarafından çıkarılmış olan bir kamyon simülasyonudur.19 Ekim 2012'de çıkmış olan oyun günümüz Avrupa'sını temel almıştır. Oyunda Scania, Volvo, MAN, DAF, Iveco, Renault ve Mercedes- Benz olmak üzere 7 adet lisanslı kamyon markası bulunmaktadır. Ayrıca SCS Software'nin oyuncular için yayınladığı güncellemeler ile yeni model çekiciler oyuna dahil edildimekte, oyun dinamikleri daha da geliştirilmektedir. Buna örnek olarak 1.4.8 güncellemesi ile Iveco Stralis Hi-Way, 1.7.0 güncellemesi ile Yeni Volvo FH, 1.14.2 güncellemesi ile de DAF XF Euro 6 ve Mercedes-Benz Actros MP4 çekicileri oyuna dahil edilmiştir. Oyun fazla beğenilince SCS firması DLC paketleri çıkarmaya karar vermiştir. İskandinavya(Scandinavia) örnek olarak söylenebilir.Oyunun Türkiye'de oyuncusu çok fazla olduğu için, önceki oyunlardan farklı olarak Türkçe sürümle çıkmıştır.Ayrıca Nisan ayında SCS Software tarafından Turkish Paint Jobs Pack(Türkiye Boya Paketi) eklenmiştir. Oyun 19.99€'dur. Steam'da ise 39 TL'na tekabül etmektedir. Oyunu şiddetle tavsiye ediyorum. :)"
76561198215416509,Recommended,227300,32001471,Posted: 27 May,all,Tompson,"This game is amazing! Loads of customization abilities, beautiful graphics, fantastic physics and true to original landmarks and country specific features! I love this game because of its realism, but without the annoying parts of real life (you don't die if you crash your truck).Driving through different parts of europe from, Italy and Poland to Norway and Scotland, you can see the landscape changing, it's amazing to see. It's a truly relaxing game I love to play after a day's work!A great buy with guaranteed hours of joy!TL;DR: Good Game. Looks good. Buy it."
,Recommended,227300,12512086,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Miles,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is one of the best simulators I've ever played, and that says a lot. The game is absolutely beautiful with stunning graphics and scenery around Europe. The DLC helps make this game better, if that's possible! I rate this game 9/10. There's just something so peaceful about driving trucks. Especially at night."
,Recommended,227300,14236783,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,d1sable,This game makes me so sleepy..10/10 would sleep again.
,Recommended,227300,34640658,Posted: 31 August,all,MAX [MC],"Best trucking simulator ever created or existed. A relaxing but in the meantime, a challening experience. God job SCS!11/10, would DAF again."
,Recommended,227300,24394481,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,kkst0606,10/10 would be a truck driver in real life
,Recommended,227300,1319079,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,The Middle Aged Gamer,One of the best simulation games ever. Thought it would be boring but I have put more hours into this game then any others over the past few months.
,Recommended,227300,11074341,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,PLIXEN,"One of the most enjoyable driving game experiences I have ever had.  A true sim that is still approachable and easily customizable to you're driving preferences and choice of inputs, Be it wheel and pedals, keyboard and mouse, or controller. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,227300,33604957,Posted: 17 July,all,only1rhino,"Played 150 hours and still not bored of it. The map size is amazing, there is a good variety of trucks, and they handle really well."
76561197967605168,Recommended,227300,13309574,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,exile,Trucks vs Cars
76561198169873181,Recommended,227300,18359737,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Jason Clarkson,As a long haul truck driver i know what driving a truck is like and this game is  bloody almost like actually driving a real truck. The graphics are some of the best i have seen and the handling is pretty much spot on. This is by far the best simulator i have ever played.
,Recommended,227300,10297037,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ItsMelodyy [NL],"I bought the game, downloaded a No-Speed mod, drove 170 KPH on the Highway, Flew out of the turn and stopped rolling 2 city's further. 100% damage. Amazing game and definatly worth buying :)"
,Recommended,227300,33614149,Posted: 17 July,all,Criterion,Can't wait until they add the refugee auto-hitchhiking update.
,Recommended,227300,23189183,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Ｍａｒｔｉｎ,I spent all my money on Speeding tickets.But the good thing is that when you dont have money you dont have to pay for Speeding tickets.
,Recommended,227300,13921200,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,koCmeister,Amazing really good game and jebanje photo radars xD
,Recommended,227300,4288461,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,HaRd MachiNe,Отличный симулятор дальнобойщика с большой картой
,Recommended,227300,13914961,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,][ONLY³][™ activa is YEAH,Music Listening Simulator 2
,Recommended,227300,17441530,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,OriginalXTS,"What I like about Euro Truck Simulator 2:It's my very first time playing a driving game since Late 1990's Nascar, and though I'm an adult and a great driver of U-Hauls, tractors, sports cars, and other fun on and off road vehicles in RL, this gives me a whole new outlook on driving! I've ridden in Rigs, many relatives of mine drive trucks, as well as a friend.  I stayed in my lane mostly (until I'd hit my touch pad on my laptop, haha). I moved my turn signals to A and D since I use my mouse to steer. Q became my brights.Gotta watch out if you pass up the gas station just a hair, there always seems to be a rig behind you and backing up ends up giving you a violation for a wreck! (Object's distance when that far back on a 1920x1080 resolution is nearly impossible to be able to judge how close that rig behind you stopped)  LOL  I only ran over about 15 cones in the construction area. (yeah, ONLY) haha.(And a friend of mine was texting (in RL) while driving a rig in the game and she nearly blew through a tool booth! LMBO!!!)I found it fun.. Some may stress over it.. but to me, it's just a game and it's fun to explore what it is like to drive a rig in a virtual reality setting. Visuals are great! Just wish that camera sound would stop when taking images! Steam uses f12 for me and this game was using both f10 and f12. I deactivated the f10 option but f12 still makes that shutter sound. Steam settings have sounds turned off for ingame captures. No clue how to fix that issue.  I got a lot of speeding tickets too! hahaWhen I very first started playing, I forgot it was not American and I went down the wrong side of the road .. Another violation! And people keep cutting me off!  But my rating for the fun/ease of use/ new experience - I'd give it a 8/10 myself.I haven't figured out yet if hazards or high beams affect but no headlights at night = ticket/fine/loss of money. Backing up is HARD for me. I jackknifed more than I care to admit..♥ Roll on 18 wheeler, Roll on! ♥I hope you guys can enjoy it as I did. One more note. I used keyboard and mouse.. Mouse to steer. I played 4.1 hours straight my first game.. Must say something about how cool I think it is.. ^.^ (And you don't have to hit E to start the engine. You can hit W as well, which is ""drive""..)  AND you can add your own music!!!  ( ♥  ♪ ♫ ♪ ♫ ♪ ♫ ♪ ♫ ♪ ♫ ♪ ♫ ♪ ♥ )Keep an eye on your side view mirrors as you turn... Easy to hit a vehicle or other object (Signs, rails, buildings, trailers) if your turn is too sharp and getting up some hills is nearly impossible but not impossible :DYou can also adjust your seats, position in the seat and other cool little tidbit settings ^.^Another note: I've only purchased the base game as it was a good deal but hope to purchase the others later, as they drop in price! :D  Have fun truckin' if you do like these types of games! It's great, I think!"
,Recommended,227300,9209831,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Josherry,"I have playes ETS2 for good amount of time now. The game is boring and repeditive after a few days, but adding mods will add loads of fun to the game. With the awesome modding community I don't think this game will stop being played!"
76561198047940086,Recommended,227300,13821041,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Footloose20005,"If i am being honest when i first heard about this game i thought that it looked and sounded quite boring, but when i bought and played it i realised just how fun and addictive this game really isNow i can safely say that without a doubt this game is one of my favorite games on Steam"
,Recommended,227300,11935795,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Iconography,"Don't be fooled into taking a quick glance at this game and thinking it's a boring half-broken trucking simulator that you'll never play again after 10 minutes.  This game is the complete opposite of those things.While there is a bit of a learning curve at first (especially if you aren't from a European country), you can easily find yourself sinking a lot of time into this game.  The map for the game is very expansive, and it will take hundreds of hours of gameplay to discover every motorway, dual carriageway, small country road, and city.Even with this game being out for over year and a half, the developers continue to provide new updates and DLC that continue to provide new and exciting things to try.  And if they don't provide something you want, the modding community is very large and there are many different sites each with a plethora of different mods you can try (modding is also as easy as dragging and dropping).  Want a fancy Peterbilt, or a map with over 200 cities covering almost all of Europe?  There are mods for those.In short, you won't be disappointed in this game if you enjoy casual trucking simulators."
76561198112038757,Recommended,227300,8470073,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Doc,The first time I played this game I spent a long time trying to figure out how to attach my trailer then ended up crashing my way through London.Second time around I got as far as the motorway and crashed so hard into a barrier that my truck got stuck.So I'd say this is a fairly realistic simulator of what would happen if I was to drive a truck IRL.
,Recommended,227300,17230557,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,MjeeD,Great game i certainly recommend to any pc gamer. Also it has excellent graphics at high fps10/10
,Recommended,227300,16919702,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,nice flash,10/10Most relaxing game ever.
76561198098665738,Recommended,227300,11391351,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,RYYAN-KING,"amazing game , 10/9"
,Recommended,227300,14726529,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Thinking Potato,"I suck with reviewsLike I'm terrible at them lolBut anyways**Or you could skip to the bottom for a warning about this game from an actual user**This game is incredibly relaxing.You can put in your own radio station and just drive around and make deliveries.I usually stick to news/talk radio if I ever get around to listening to it.Like the BBC for instance. Though most of it repeats during pretty much the length of your playtime.Speaking of playtimeIt's practically infinite. You drive, make deliveries, and buy new trucksI wasn't very fond of Simulation games at first, but after playing this one I can definitely see the appeal. And it's making  me want a sequel to this and leaves me in the mood to play other Simulation game.***WARNING***DO NOT LISTEN TO EUROBEAT OR ANYTHING FROM THE ANIME ""INITIAL D"" WHILE PLAYING THIS.YOU'LL BE SURPRISED THAT YOU COULD DRIFT WITH AN 18 WHEELERSURE YOU'LL GET TO YOUR DESTINATION FASTER, BUT AT WHAT COST!?YOU MIGHT EVEN BREAK DOWNHILL RECORDS!AND CHANGING THE COLOR OF YOUR CAB TO BLACK AND WHITE WILL NOT MAKE YOU FASTER!"
,Recommended,227300,16982376,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,PsychedelicKiwi,i got bankrupt after 3 days. Good game
76561198042039149,Recommended,227300,26414418,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,MY TIME HAS PASS..,Can't wait to become a real truck driver ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)!
,Recommended,227300,10661340,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MuttonChopDavo,Prepare for Anything!Probably the best FPS game of 2014. Insane 720p Graphics and wicked sick alien invasion mechanics. Prepare to truck around the uinverse in this epic tale of true love and companion.Now with extra speedbumps (DLC needed).
,Recommended,227300,11701635,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Alcatel/ TopGear,this is a perfect truck driving simulator i would recommend it.
76561198104334656,Recommended,227300,7844077,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,HB93,Great!Only thing.... NEVER go to the UK... I've started my company here and there are more spped cameras than people..... seriously.... Start in Germany for best results!
76561198019518751,Recommended,227300,28710223,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Klakier,It's hard to review a game which is such simple and at the same time so complex. It's name says everything - it's a truck simulator so what exacly would you expect from it?You'll find few trucks which you can costomize from looks to performance. If you feel like manager - you can always buy some garages and hire truckers to work their♥♥♥♥♥for you. The roads are preety the same and it might get a little dull after time but if you pick the off-highway roads you'll find some really nice places and sights to watch. Graphics are nice and game itself is nicely optimized so you shouldn't have problems running it even with older PCs.Traffic AI in Singleplayer is nice and feels real and weather chaning conditions are just a jelly on top. The best fun is when you play it with a controler or with a wheel. I played it with keyboard and mouse but after getting myself a driving wheel the gameplay experiance just hit the top. The DLCs comming out are quite balanced between the price and value and there are plenty of discounts and bundles to pick. I strongly suggest getting the map DLCs because they are simply better then the basic ETS2.To sum up - if you like simulation games and you are into trucks this is definitly worth your money. Just remember that multiplayer is something completly diffrent and unfortunetly things that happen online have little common with reality or simulation but most of the time it's nice to drive behind a real person not AI. Anyway - I recommend this game and hope that SCS will continue to develop this product.
76561198042431844,Recommended,227300,25975361,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Onypop,Awesome game with lots of options for customization and controls. Many mods as well. It runs smooth and rarely has issues.Much fun for very little money. A must buy!
76561198077338981,Recommended,227300,12091565,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Th3BloodyMEX78,"High realism!! the time just fly away during your driving, really cool game. Better with keyboard than gamepad or joystick believe me, the first game where I wrote this.........you can spend a lot of time and listening to music as you see the horizon .....:)"
76561198156998504,Recommended,227300,33194642,Posted: 3 July,all,TG Shiriko,"So I decided to get this game with most of the dlc's during the steam sales and I must say that this has easily become one of my top ten games of all time.The game is pure bliss, and I really cannot express how awesome and beautiful it is to drive through some of the most amazing roads in some of the best trucks in the world.The devs have done an amazing job in nailing the atmosphere and the driving mechanics of the game.There are quite a lot of trucks from different brands like Scania, Volvo, DAF, Iveco, Mercedes,Renault, MAN and there are quite a lot of customization for each truck covering the engine to various accessories for your cabin.You might wonder why the scandinavian countries aren't part of the base game and sold seperately as a dlc, but I assure you that once you step into the scandinavian countries, you would be more than happy to pay for it because you can see see the amount of work that was put into the environment and it it absolutely stunning to just cruise through Norway or Sweden and so on.And the community within the game is amazing and you have the ability to add your music as well as external radio stations from around the world (Yes, you read that right ! )The commuity has its own FM called Truckers FM which you can sign up for if you wan to be a presenter or you can suggest songs, shoutouts etc. And the best part is that it has some of the best music while driving and has little to no advertisements.If you wanna go trucking with other people , it has Truckers MP as well.Graphics - 9/10Gameplay - 9.5/10Environment/Atmosphere - 9/10Driving/Mechanics - 10/10Customization - 9/10Overall, I consider it one of my best purchases and I truly recommend it to petrolheads and people who enjoy sheer driving pleasure because nothing beats singing along to John Denver and some good old regional music while cruisign through Europe.Cheers to all the people trucking from all over the world !!!P.S. If you use a keyboard to play this game or any other driving sim , oh god, I swear I will find you and I will kill you (Dont ask me how). But really guys, youre missing out on the big experience of ""SIMULATION"". Get a controller or a wheel and use your keyboard for other controls like radio, hud etc..Trust me its worth it."
,Recommended,227300,22225715,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,mpegforever,"Simply superb !Greatly done, all is there, and the fact that you have to manage your own garage, company, etc makes it much more interesting. Accessories are countless. Sceneries beautiful. Traffic real. Roads and highways and paytolls fun to ride.Calculating sleep time, travel time is making it look real. Playing myself with a wheel and pedals is soooo nice.Buy this and like it. And I was only for rally up to a few days ago...hehe...this is now my equally preferred game.DLCs ...going to buy them very soon ! But game is so long and nice even before you need to buy them...go for it !"
,Recommended,227300,16358598,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MrMojo123,"This game is remarkible. Everytime I play it, it gives me this weird, relaxed feel and I love it. Plus who doesnt like driving big rigs all around a country you've never been too?!"
,Recommended,227300,7786064,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Beny,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a game that simulates the life of a truck driver. Lately the game came with many graphical improvements and physically. You have several options to customize the tractor for free. The big problem with this game is financial. Expansion packs, custom paints and other things like ""Cabin Accessories"" cost. The game updates are focusing just for fixing bugs and implementing a single new thing, everything else costs.To buy the game, the expansions, 2 DLC (High Power Cargo and Cabin Accessories) and all of the paints cost around 89,21€.To buy just the game and the expansions with the 2 DLC it's cost 56,45€.I think is too much for a game like that."
,Recommended,227300,12452433,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,True Fakts,"If you have a steering wheel, you'd be nuts not to play this game. Seriously decent at being a driving simulator, especially with the realistic physics mod. On top of that, you can enjoy cruising through the mountains of Europe whilst listening to a huge selection of European radio streams, or point it to your own music folder. (Windows only, Linux users, just use Amarok)Explore Europe, learn geography, and headbang to Russian house music.Seriously fun game, with a strong modding community and enough road to keep you entertained for hours. Great title, and SCS is amazing for support, would recommend even at regular price."
76561198142277922,Recommended,227300,30382794,Posted: 7 March,all,[M&A Trucking] 1971ElCaminoSS,Euro Truck Simulator 2 Multiplayer Mod!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,8761408,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,fingu,"Simulators tend to be hit and miss, but this is no doubt a hit. This is a game where you can chill, as though you are indeed driving through Europe. When you do the larger missions, completion is fabulously rewarding, as is the excitment the game manages to give when you purchase your own truck.They have managed to get the scaling down of Europe and the speed of time spot on in my opinion. The perfection means that it's not too slow going from one country to another, but there is a certain marathon of time to fare in driving. I think this plays an important role in how much satisfaction the game gives you; getting 20,000 virtual pounds has never felt so good after an hour's drive.I'm not going to pretend this game is bang on though. Things do end up being repetitive; for example the locations for a company are exactly the same style of building no matter where you are. There are limited AI cars (themselves a bit dim-witted), the motorways could do with being a little bit busier (like rush hour), and the turn off junctions on motorways are extremelly inaccurate.My suggestions for an update would be to allow the driver to skip a track whilst driving in music, and for the fuel prices to be updated through the internet to match the current prices. Surely that's not too difficult?That may sound like a proper moan, but these are tiny issues that can't overlap the fact that this is a very well designed game with jaw-dropping physics on the trucks. Just don't tell your friends that this is a more enjoyable game than most action games out there..."
,Recommended,227300,8508489,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Son,"I... I just... I don't understand.This game... itshouldn'tbe fun, it's got all of the makings of everything boring. It's a game where you drive on the motorway to deliver stuff to warehouses. But it'sfun...Euro Truck Simulator 2 is sort of like being shown a 4D cube as a citizen of the 3D universe. It just baffles you. For starters, I haven't played the other ""simulator"" games like Train Simulator or Garbage Truck Simulator (seriously?), I bought this because something just compelled me to. Perhaps it appealed to my secret yearning to drive around Liverpool in a giant truck in the rain with my windscreen wipers on. It's a great simulation, the controls work brilliantly (though I had to tweek them a little to fit my preferences) and it recreates the roads of the world quite accurately (I assume, I only know the roads of North England).My only real gripe with the game is that it doesn't seem to actually simulate the cities of Europe. When I said you can drive around Liverpool, you can only really drive around the outskirts of the city. It's really a shame, but I suppose the game makers didn't have time to recreate the major cities of Europe.You'll probably find this game a lot less bewildering than I did if you like boring stuff like driving down the motorway. It practically infuriates me how this game is fun when it shouldn't appeal at all.I don't think I'd pay the full £15 for this unless I was a real truck/driving fanatic, but in the sales I'd go for it."
,Recommended,227300,23921189,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Revozport,"100% recommended great graphics, gameplay... smooth as butter.I recommend when you get the game ofcourse you install TruckersMP for Multiplayer really fun and bad drivers get banned so drive safe and don't ''Troll''DLC : Paintjobs fantastic onces are out there, Scandinavia and Going East DLC 100% recommended you gotta get both specialy now with the steam sale, the NEW mighty tuning pack... it's cool only for Scania at the moment atleast i hope they do it on more trucks for ''FREE'' Wheel tuning packs also cool and recommend no comment about that..That's about it hope dis helped you a little bit and if it didn't too bad.. ;)"
,Recommended,227300,20324869,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,BOXTICKLER,"Awesome game, very realistic and the multiplayer mod makes it 100x better :)"
,Recommended,227300,29321270,Posted: 17 January,all,Ne[0]n,"Some informations:Genre:Indie, SimulationDeveloper:SCS SoftwarePublisher:SCS SoftwareRelease Date:16 Jan, 2013IMPORTANT THINGSMAPCountries:Austria, Belgium, one part of the France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Switzerland, United KingdomEuro Truck Simulator 2 - Going EastUnlocks these countries: Czech Republic - Hungary - Slovakia - PolandEuro Truck Simulator 2 - ScandinaviaUnlocks these countries: Denmark - Norway - SwedenEuro Truck Simulator 2 - Vive la France:Unlocks this country: FranceTRUCKSThere are a lot of truck brands (DAF, MAN, Iveco, Mercedes-Benz, Renault, Scania, Volvo) so you have a lot of choice.GRAPHICSVery nice graphics, everything is made good in the cabin inside the truck.SOME OTHER THINGS ABOUT THIS GAME-There is a lot of amazing roads and you can explore a lot of new things in this game.-You can transport a lot of different cargos.-If you want to have fun with bigger cargos you can buy this dlcEuro Truck Simulator 2 - High Power Cargo Pack. This DLC also includes paint jobs.-A lot of truck accessories outside and inside the truck.-You have to pay for the inside accessories. (Euro Truck Simulator 2 - Cabin Accessories DLC)OTHER FEATURES:-mod support-achievements-trading cards-multiplayer-partial controller supportSo after more than 75,000 positive reviews i can say its a really good game, even better with steering wheel so it looks more realistic. So if you still dont have this game i would recommend it, so just buy it!:) I hope my review helped..."
76561198049945266,Not Recommended,227300,26733074,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ZombieKef,"I didn't want to apply a thumbs-down because this is a game that achieves a fair bit of what it set out to do, and is obviously a labour of love. Nice day/night changes, a peaceful feel to it, a chance to listen to MP3s in a fairly stress-free game, comfortable controls. It took me a while to get it set up, but I was soon chugging up hills at 15 mph.I think my main disappointment was to do with expectations. The blurb says: ""dozens of cities to explore"". I didn't expect 1-to-1 fidelity, but to me, explore means at least they would feel like cities, and be vaguely recognisable. Much as I'd have loved it to be like driving through Google Street View, I had already scaled back my expectations. I assumed maybe cities would only have a third of the roads, something like that. I wasn't prepared for reaching Cardiff, a city I know well, and discovering that it seemed to be two roads and a depot. Likewise with Swansea. Ouch. I'd persuaded my girlfriend that we might be able to drive from our hometown across Wales, then on to Europe, and eventually down the coast of Italy, perhaps finding the town where some of our family live. Wrong. The vast majority of places in each country are missing. A few cities will exists as just a couple of roads, nothing like what you'd expect from Saints Row/GTA/Sleeping Dogs. Don't get me wrong, that would be great but I understand why things have been scaled down - I just think it's deceptive not to make that clear from the sales blurb. If that had stated that there were 40 urban areas out of the many thousands, and that cities were scaled down 1,000 times, and that places with populations of below a million weren't included, I'd have at least had an idea of how far the game is from reality. For example, the UK alone has 69 cities (and many thousands of towns and villages) but ETS2 only has 18, each of which is a few roads. Cities mainly act as just blobs on a map, connecting points. A grand tour of Europe this is not - it's a patchwork quilt edged by invisible walls (well, you can see them, big Xs and chevrons floating in the air to stop you heading towards landmarks or B-roads or anything that isn't a motorway). The map of Italy seemed to cut off at the very edge - so technically Italy is included, but only as a few clumps of road in a teeny area. It seems disingenuous. Most European countries don't seem to be in the game. This is a disappointment only because of the misleading advertising.It seems you can listen to radio stations in game but I never got that to work, no matter how many URLs I added to a text document nested far down my hard drive hierarchy. No error messages - good luck if you aren't IT literate.Finally, I think I'd have got a bit more pleasure from it if I could have also had the option of driving around in a car rather than a truck. It's weird that the game simulates many things; as a company owner you probably have a car, but there is no option to go anywhere in it. I'd have thought a free drive mode would have been a nice addition for people like me, who don't want a racing game, just something more sedate, but the chance to explore the small part of Europe that has been included at a bit more of a zippy pace. Still, that's a suggestion, not a criticism. The main feeling I had was one of disappointment at the scale of the game. It may be hundreds of miles wide, but the detail is only inches deep, a surface impression that didn't really satisfy me. I can see why others might be happy with it. Maybe a more accurate blurb would have helped, rather than trying to sell the Earth.---I can't comment on my own review's comments thread due to some error (thanks Steam), so here's my response to the comment by HaddockA, who said ""You're seriously crazy to even think that such a game in 2016 could even exist... That's like having GTA V multiplied by a factor of 1,000.... you're seriously weird. .""My reply: ""I probably am crazy but that's a separate issue. Having never played one of these games, but having used the free Google Street view which lets you do something similar, I don't see why it was crazy to imagine the game would map 33% of the roads, rather than 0.01% (or whatever the figure is). After all, it says ""cities to explore"". But you get there and there is nothing to explore. Just a few roads, one supermarket with an empty car park, and a background view you can't reach. If the blurb included what % of Europe's roads were included in the game then I'd be a fool to expect otherwise, but they don't include that information, thereby inviting inflated expectations."""
,Recommended,227300,8699393,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Nyaznable,VROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM**That is the sound of a Euro truck
,Recommended,227300,13138256,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Molag Bal,"When I first heard about the game, I was immediately put off by the notion of driving trucks. I'm not a racing fan, as the novelty of driving supercars has long since worn off. With the plethora of so called simulators flooding the market (farm simulator, goat simulator, you get the idea), I avoided these sim games until I watched my friend play on his PC with a wheel setup. I was immediately awe-struck at how good and immersive driving a truck felt on a wheel setup, by the time I got off from his PC, I noticed already 2 hours had passed. I haven't been this immersed in a game like this in a long, long time.What really piqued my interest in the game is how you begin from scratch of just having opened a truck company with no trucks of your own. You earn your keep and livelihood driving trucks for other companies. On long hauls across the European landmarks, with Brian Eno's music playing on the radio, I contemplated how nice it would be to finally own a truck of my own and hire drivers to do my bidding. A couple of weeks later and with enough savings, I was able to buy my very own first truck. But that was just the beginning of it.If you're looking to play destruction derby or Forza/GT type experience, then you're looking in the wrong section. ETS2 offers something unique and captivating other driving games fail to offer.This game also has an amazing mod community which has a lot to offer.Very highly recommended for everyone who are sick of playing cops vs racers & driving supercars/ sportscars over the same landscape over and over. Its a nice change in pace and you will love every moment of it."
,Recommended,227300,14954730,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Wrath,"This is an odd game to review because, like Crusader Kings II, it's fun - but a very specific kind of fun that might not be for everyone. This is obviously a driving sim with a healthy mix of logistics and entrepreneurship and it's hard to sell that to people who aren't already interested in it, which is why the trailer to this game looks lost and confused. People like videos that highlight the action and, honestly, this isn't a game that has a lot of it. This game doesn't have explosions, it's relaxing, if anything. You transport objects and make money doing it. For some people, this is boring, but for the target audience, that's a cool concept in and of itself. It's probably the meat of what people describe as being the intangible backbone of what makes this game good.What makes life in this game tolerable?Well, the first thing that comes to mind is that an enormous amount of time was spent trying to get the roads and scenery to look convincing. If you're on the M5 and pause the game, go to Google and drop the streetview cam on the approximate spot where your truck is, it's going to be pretty darn similar to what you'll see. Road signs will toned down and simplified, but the traffic cams will not. People without cars will soon learn what a pain in the butt they are for commuters. Road patterns like interstate on/off ramps will be recycled, but that's pretty much what happens in real life as well.When driving down an interstate, it's obviously not in anyone's interest to make a two hour trip to Bristol actually take two real world hours, so time and distance are abridged. So are cities and the insane traffic patterns and congestion associated with it. This means that, sometimes, it's O.K. to go to London.The game can be as accurate as you like when it comes to operating your truck, from incomprehensible (how gears work in real life) to arcade (magic transmission - W means go).Radio stations are real. If you choose, you can have your truck radio stream the actual radio stations of whatever country you want and whatever languages they are broadcast in. This is a pretty fun feature and adds to the immersion in the game.The biggest downside? Traffic. It's inconsistent and has a few bugs. The most pressing one is that NPC drivers have no concept of their own safety. Honestly, I'm not sure what their pathing is, but they seem to cruse right into you as if you were not there, even with proper signaling. That said, they're better than I expected for AI behavior for the most part. If you signal that you want to turn across an oncoming lane, the cars will ocasionally stop and flash their lights to indicate that they're willing to stop for you to get across.An unrelated disappointment is that weather is not dynamic to your location, it's a global setting. So, the chance of rain in Glasgow is the same as Paris.The final remarkable disappointment I can think of is that, like I mentioned earlier, roads and cities are abridged. And while I definitely don't mind avoiding cities for their suicidal traffic AI, they're very unconvincing for the most part. Unless it's is a larger city that they are particularly proud of, like Klagenfurt and Venice, the majority of ""cities"" are maybe ten blocks? Residential areas and all? It makes the final destination a repetitive anticlimactic end to a long drive.The game is still being worked on, obviously. Scandinavia will be released at some point and there's already a host of mods for amateur-created areas. At some point, it's possible that the drawbacks I've mentioned will be taken care of. Even if they aren't, there are far worse and game breaking problems that it could have, but doesn't. The devs have put a tremendous amount of time into this unfathomably large and complicated project and it's solid because of that. As far as a truck driving sim goes, this is probably as good as it gets for the foreseeable future."
,Recommended,227300,7795043,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Fuso Derpy,"Now with 1,400 hours i can say please play ets2 with mods or mainly now play multiplayer its the travels, journeys and other users you will meet  along the way that make it so worth it. I mmianly play ets2 for the multiplayer because using mods and the development team making updates causing game saves to become curropt so i just do multiplayer now and i travel from A to B and maybe a few places between, whether its long or short hauling i have enjyed the game becuase of its community, the Multiplayer team and the VTC's (virtual trucking companies).  2 thumbs up for great game and the middle finger to the trolls on multiplayer that ruin the experience."
76561198134989362,Recommended,227300,11478880,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,(CAL) TK Brody,Awesome Game!  I love it and have joined a virtual trucking company.  I have an appreciation for truckers after playing this game.  I enjoy the support of the modding community.  ProMods and TruckSim Map are the best but there are other maps that are fun to drive.  And there are many othe mods availble other than maps. I've been playing for six months and I have not grown tired of the interesting game play.What I really like is you can go for authenticity or you can play free form and dare I say cheat!  That's why its a Sim play it your way not everyone has the time to master all aspects of the game so drive enjoy listen to some tunes on the built in radio and most of all Happy Trucking!
,Recommended,227300,10234464,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Lemnaru'600,"This game is mothertrucking awesome. Sometimes it may get boring, but then, there is multiplayer available.Enjoy free regularly updates wich make the driving experience closer and closer to reality !"
76561198069777952,Recommended,227300,9810742,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Toms LV,Realistic Truckers Simulator!
,Recommended,227300,10139816,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Walter Sobchak,I got it to be ironic and now I can't stop playing it.  This game is fun and strangely relaxing to play.  Put on your favorite music and try it.
76561198359064946,Recommended,227300,30933713,Posted: 3 April,all,jpt531,"With almost 200h of gameplay, I think I have enough experiance to review this game.To start with I am not a hard core gamer and do not game often, I own a very basic 3 year old laptop so can only play ETS2 on basic settings and can't install mad 3rd party mods such as the famous ProMods...This game is a relaxing and easy game, anybody of any ability can play it, regardless of age.Wether you just want to drive about like a mad man or create an amazing company with hundreds of employees racking in over 1million a day...If you like driving or simulation games give it a go. Great for adults and you can even let your child have their own profile and play about."
,Recommended,227300,22149954,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,DJ Lewis,"What an absolutely fantastic game! I have played this game for nearly 4 years and it is astonishing. As you can tell by the amount of hours I have on it, you can see that this is a game that I am very fond of. The single player is good as it gives you the opportunity to build your own company from scratch and also use some of the awesome modifications that the games brilliant modding community has created. Then we get to the multiplayer....... this mod brings a whole new life to the game as it allows you to truck around Europe with your friends! Not only that, the MP allows you to build up your own virtual trucking company or join one of the many ones that already exist. If this doesn't interest you, why not join one of the many convoys that are hosted each week? After all, the multiplayer is free so you have nothing to lose.I stronly recommend you purchase this game if you just want to sit back and relax and hit the endless amount of tarmac that this game has to offer."
,Recommended,227300,31548611,Posted: 4 May,all,N_Trainz,"From the time I been playing this game for, it's a really fun game. DLC I don't mind since its mostly paint jobs, but the game itself is good enough for fun."
,Recommended,227300,10491504,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Sam,"I didn't have enough money for grid 2, got this instead10/10"
,Recommended,227300,9389602,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,mzda_grl,"This is an awesome truck driver simulator game.  I play with an xbox Gempad controller and use the joystick to steer and it works very well.  The game is immersive and let's you play your own music through the radio.  You can work for other companies making deliveries or you can buy a truck and start your own company and even hire other drivers.  You get to drive in some nice scenery, realistic traffic and even get fines for not obeying traffic signals.  I'd recommend this game - it's a high quality truck driver/delivery simulator."
,Recommended,227300,7751003,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,EvilSpaniard,"A lot of times you hear the word simulator and you get a little intimidated, expecting a steep learning curve.  But this game does a good job of easing the new player in.  It's also a great game to unwind to.  You can pick a radio station to listen to (or put in your own music), and relax to some music as you drive to your next destination.There's a ton of customization options for your truck, if you are into that sort of thing.  But this game has a lot to offer casual players as well.  I would definitely recommend this game, especially if you enjoy driving and you are looking for a change of pace from the usual racing games/crash simulators.Also, you can play this game with a keyboard or mouse, but I highly recommend a steering wheel.  I ended up buying a Logitech GT racing wheel with pedals.  My daughter makes fun of me because I have this fancy setup, and all I do is deliver cargo with it."
,Recommended,227300,22886003,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,skaldofglory,"A great game to sit back, and catch up on podcasts, new music, or to just relax. Would recommend on a sale though."
76561198065914617,Recommended,227300,18044113,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,✪ Dr. Gucci,"Here's a serious review of ETS2.Basically I was not into trucking until I downloaded (and bought later) Euro truck simulator 2. The thing which grabbed me were the nice graphics, the story (having your own logistics company) and well that's it. After playing it I realised that this game is very addictive, because it's very entertaining. Do you think that wasting gaming time on driving virtual trucks is boring? Well, think again mate. This game offers a lot of hours in ways such as customizing trucks, exploring cities & roads, explore trucks & garages and making sure your logistics company runs smoothly. The game might be stressful in the beginning, because truck driving is different from driving a car. But trust me, it's totally worth it. This game not only satisfy me, but it also gave me some passion about trucks. So, stop looking at reviews and check this game out immediately!!"
,Recommended,227300,17859472,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,T.k. tachi,cool game. But dont take too much on bank loan.
,Recommended,227300,28575333,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SaLeH,This is the best game I've ever played
,Recommended,227300,10779936,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,King Dude,"This is my truck. There are many like it, but this one is mine.My truck is my best friend. It is my life. I must master it as I must master my life.My truck, without me, is useless. Without my truck, I am useless. I must drive my truck true. I must drive straighter than my enemy who is trying to ram me. I must out-turn him before he cuts me off because he's a ♥♥♥♥ing South American. My truck and I know that what counts in war is not the deliveries we undertake, the noise of our stacks, nor the smoke from burning sweet diesel.My truck is human, even as I, because it is my life. Thus, I will learn it as a brother. I will learn its weaknesses, its strength, its parts, its accessories, its signals and its gears. I will keep my truck clean and ready, even as I am clean and ready. We will become part of each other.Before GabeN, I swear this creed. My truck and I are the defenders of my country. We are the masters of our enemy. We are the saviors of my life.So be it, until victory is America's and there is no enemy, but peace!"
,Recommended,227300,10496782,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,@olliesidmurphy,Brilliant
,Recommended,227300,13818900,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,shmeez,"You♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about something? Play this game.You have a heroin addiction that you're trying to beat? Play this game.Want to blow up the Twin Towers? Play this game.Just ♥♥♥♥ing bored? Play this game.It's really a game that you can lose most of your time in. It's very relaxing and not very challanging.I haven't played a whole bunch, but from what I've seen, it's 10/10 material."
,Recommended,227300,11123118,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Nalerenn,"Have you ever played a game and found, for example, an inflatable bat as a weapon in a sci-fi setting that turned out to be absolutely lethal? Or a giant foam hand that sends mooks flying into the stratosphere, never to be seen from again? These are generally called Lethal Joke Items, and are usually something you laugh at for the silliness and keep using for their inherent power.Euro Truck Simulator 2 is the Lethal Joke Item of videogames.I bought this purely for giggles. 'Oh look, a trucking game, hahaha!' I though. 'I bet it's boring!'. I was completely wrong. The game boasts a high level of accuracy to real-world trucks, and the amount of care put into it is staggering. Dials, readings, even seats and mirrors are recreated with obvious care and detail, not to mention the audio. The gameplay also has varying levels of complexity to allow for both hardcore simulator fans and casual drivers to play on the same field (even more-so with the Multiplayer mod, still under development). The game manages to keep itself fresh, breaking up the long motorway driving with tricky country roads, or even throwing roadworks, tollbooths and traffic at you. And the customisation can keep people like me occupied for hours, tweaking and twiddling with paintjobs, wheels, even the lights. Coupled with a side of business management in the form of hiring and training drivers, there's enough to keep players going.However, it's not without its downsides. Unless a player takes out loans, getting your company going is a slog. On top of that, the business management could do with some expanding (such as having hired drivers appearing on roads, or simply being more involved in setting criteria for jobs). However, these are minor issues on top of a rather excellent simulator cake that, quite frankly, surprised me with how good it actually is. The premise is a bit silly, but discount it at your own peril. Euro Truck Simulator 2 is still a quite good game."
,Recommended,227300,27639752,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kronhjorten,"No. 1 Driving Simulator Game.Test your driving skills.Deliver goods in time without damaging truck or trailer.Remember taking a rest or you will fall asleep and get a ticket.Hit other cars, ignore red light or break speeding limit, you'll get at ticket.Drive a truck with trailer at 140 kmh or more on the freeway without tipping over or getting damaged.Don't like restrictions, just disable them in options.Don't think the game it self is not enough, just install mods.Don't think the mods are good enough, just make some with the tools provided by SCS with Blender for Free.This is a real PC game with all the options you could want and a developer still updating with new features and fixes. :-)"
,Recommended,227300,32677272,Posted: 23 June,all,chu hp,"When you have a stressful day just play this game, its so relaxing!"
,Recommended,227300,15901209,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,𝓔𝓛𝓛𝓘𝓞𝓣,"Absouloutley Fantastic Game!The game is so vivid and detailed. All famous landscapes from each city are there, I live in Manchester. So there is CIS Tower, Beetham Tower, The City Hall. Loads!The Only thing I would like to have improved is the detail when you are not in the city, But hey. Theres always Euro Truck Simulator 3..."
,Recommended,227300,13496217,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Nethonink,"A bear told me that it's better to become a pilot, or ride a tank, or something. But NO, I choose to drive a truck, and it's GLORIOUS! Never regret the decision. Just don't try to drive a truck and listening to some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ music, nearly died."
,Recommended,227300,8393663,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,FoxTwo,"TLDR version - Don't wait, just go buy it! You won't regret it!Updated after patch 1.9:Absolutely fantastic work by the devs! New AI makes the NPC AI vehicles behave closer to real-world drivers (and sometimes they behave like idiots too, just like real world drivers!). New physics means your truck now will shake, wobble, etc etc depending on the weight of the load and the speed you're going at, as well as the terrain you're moving on.Fine attention to details such as traffic lights going from red to green immediately in some cities, and in other cities, going from red to amber to green.Truly amazing update! Makes a great game even better!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Normal version:Wow... this is a sleeper hit for me. When this first got released, I never even gave it a second look - ""What's so fun about driving a truck?"". I play simulators like F16s, Flanker, and so on. To me, this would probably be as boring as watching paint dry.Well amazingly, itISfun. A friend kept recommending it to me so I finally caved and said ""Ok I'll try it but I'm not gonna like it"" and so I downloaded the demo, gave it a whirl and I changed my mind really quick! I was wrong about all the preconceived notions I had about this game.I can't really describe to you how sometimes it can be relaxing to be driving across Europe, or sometimes it can be frustrating as heck. Adding mods to this game, changes this game from ""great"" to ""awesome""... like how Skyrim is great in its own right but when you add mods to Skyrim it becomes awesome. Same for this. You need to see the content the talented community has produced and you'd be amazed!"
,Recommended,227300,11058689,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,MayhemFTW,"Been playing this quite a while and think its a great Truck Driving SimulatorWhats great about driving a truck?Its much more than that, you drive and build your skills, hire drivers and build a company.But the best thing is the modding community, there are two great map mods, American Truck mods, and more.Now there is even Multi-Player Servers.Get some mods and see if you can chalange yourself!"
,Recommended,227300,16977957,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Mr. Adrian,"Don't let this simulator fool you at first, as it may seem boring. Over the countless hours and due to the multiplayer mode, this game is truly a work of art, and goes beyond all the other simulators out there. Hours of fun! Furthurmore, 36,000 people recommended this game while only 750 didn't. That just describes how great this game is."
,Recommended,227300,9817875,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,lovinglife139,"I saw this game was the Deal of the Day about a week ago, and so I checked it out. It appeared to be one of those forgettable games with a generic name that was just trying to cash in on based on just the picture from Steam's store page, but I was intrigued anyway because I love all things cars and trucks, though I've mostly been stuck as a car hobbyist and racing genre fan, and never played driving simulation games. Based on the reviews I saw, this one was worth checking out--so I bought it and the Going East DLC.Short summary: this game is awesome in so many different ways. You start out as a low tier leveled business owner, and they don't give you any benefits of the doubt--you have so little money, you don't even get your own truck (yet). You can work for other companies, using their trucks to deliver cargo to a handful of cities across Europe. You have to obey all traffic laws (I made the mistake of rolling through a red light because I hadn't noticed they were there to be obeyed, and was charged a fine), and you have to deliver the cargo in a timely manner. If you damage the truck you're working with, the repair cost is deducted from your pay. The time you have to finish the job is also pretty relaxed--this is no Crazy Taxi, though they do have skill upgrades that allow you access to more time sensitive jobs that pay more for the benefit of a quick job.Speaking of which, yes, you level up in this game, and this is also great. You can level up in different ways such as in fuel conservation, where you use less fuel and therefore save more money, or you can unlock a number of different jobs by leveling up your training in different areas. High valued cargo? Check. Fragile cargo? Yep. All of these give you access to even more jobs from the extensive list you already had, and you're able to pick the jobs that pay more (it's also great to pick jobs where the delivery is in a city you've never visited, so you explore more of the map and see new sights).Control-wise, this game also plays extremely well. At first, my time with the controls was chaotic. I've been using a 360 controller to play, and I tried to mess with too much at once, and ended up getting stuck in parking lots because I couldn't figure out how to reverse (ha). If you want to use a controller, I'd suggest not changing the controls from the standard they pick for you at first. Drive around a bit before you decide to change anything.Moving on, as you make money doing jobs using another company's truck, the bank will eventually contact you and let you know they're offering you a loan. It's enough to buy your first truck, but you'll have to be diligent in making sure you make enough money each day to make your loan payments. With your own truck, you're free to explore the map without a time limit (though you do pay for gas!), finding new truck dealers, farms/factories/cargo drop offs, recruitment agencies, and even future garages that you can buy to expand your grasp in the truck business industry across Europe. Once you work hard at that, the bank will increase your credit limit--allowing you to upgrade your garage if you wish, allowing you to buy additional trucks and hire drivers for you.Driving simulation now gives way to business management, and this is pure enjoyment of the genre here. You have a number of garages you can obtain later on in the game once you have enough money, but at first, you'll just be buying another truck and assigning it to the additional space in your garage, where you can hire a driver to use. You can use any recruitment agency you've found to hire a driver, and from there you can hire them based on their skills and rating. Not only do they also level up, you can choose how you want them to work. For example, I chose to have my first hired driver focus on long distance jobs, since I myself was focused on shorter jobs that dealt with fragile or valuable cargo. Your hired drivers will also improve their rating over time, as they constantly are driving and working to improve their skills, though you have the authority to fire them if you so wish.Last but not least--part of the charm in this game is just driving. It felt great to be driving a truck pulling 16 tons of cargo down the highways of Europe, discovering new cities and fulfilling contracts. I knew that with each job I completed, I was a tiny bit closer to paying off my loans, proving my worth in the industry, and making enough for that next truck or next upgrade. Also, the game has a radio feature, which lets you listen to live streams of a great selection of European radio stations--yes, real stations in real time while driving in a Euro truck simulation--and this is awesome. Last night while playing this game, I was driving my truck to a city I'd never seen before, pulling tons of cargo in the dead of night. Only once in a while would another car drive by because of the time, so I was mostly alone on the road. The radio station was playing some older American rock hits between commercials in another language. I was able to zone out. It was simply beautiful to just drive alone on a highway at night, listening to classic rock. I've never played a game that makes you feel so relaxed, so in awe of everyday things...and I've played thousands upon thousands of games. This game does it right.I can't really say this game surprised me--based on the list of positive reviews, this game is a hit with many. But to think a game named Euro Truck Simulator 2 could be one of those games where you're watching the time get later and later and you think to yourself, ""Just one more, then I'm done, I swear!"" If you like trucks, you will love this game. If you like driving simulation, you will love the game. Heck, if you just enjoy driving like I do, you'll love this game. If you like business management games, you'll love this. If you love games where you start off dirt poor and actually have to work hard toward proving yourself, this game is one of the best you can buy. If you're looking for something you can pick-up-and-play to relax, yeah, this game is that, too. When I bought this game, I had hoped I made a good choice, and my husband kind of made fun of me for the purchase since he knows anything with cars or trucks makes me weak, but when I played it, he kept looking over and saying, ""Wow. I guess I can see why that would be interesting."" And he has zero interest in automobiles and rarely plays simulation games!So, with that said, the long summary comes down to this: this game is awesome for pretty much everyone."
,Recommended,227300,33712148,Posted: 21 July,all,♣ʂɱȍҡȩȳ♣ №420,"Euro Truck Simulator 2. Released in 2013, In all cases it has become that decade classic when it comes to simulators. Reaching over 3.7 million copies sold and still climbing weekly. ETS 2 lets you raise a trucking company out of the ashes. You begin your journey with no truck and no cash. Ypu take jobs and loaner trucks to start getting cash to buy your first truck. After that its up to you, Open world free roam trucking. Amass a fortune and build a trucking empire crossing europe. Or give your drivers the best and go full show truck, its up to you Boss...- The GoodOpen world Driving SimulatorAmazing graphicsHuge array of truck customization optionsSteam Workshop ModsHuge map with realistic scaleMany brands to choose from- The BadNothing really. its a pretty solid simulator.- Overall10/10"
,Recommended,227300,18676694,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Penta,Amazing game to just sit back drive and relax. Beautiful scenery and even better with mods.
,Recommended,227300,8753550,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Fezz,This is one brillant game. I love playing it.
76561198034887799,Recommended,227300,12104952,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Mike Dragon,"One of the best games I've ever played and also the best simulator to my knowledge. Relaxing and enjoyable to play. Beautiful graphics and extremely well detailed trucks and physics. Although it's a simulator, it's very easy to pick and play. It controls very well on keyboard but if you can play with a wheel, do it!I recommend this game for anyone who enjoys a good driving game; or just a good game in general. If you had a tough day simply start up the engine in your truck and drive around the beautiful roads of Europe and relax. And if you get bored, just smash into the traffic. lol You can always load a save later at any time.Tons of options to costumize your truck and make it unique are available and SCS (the developers) are always adding new content to keep the game fresh and also fixing any problems they might find.The money you spend on this game will be worth every cent. This is a must have!10/10P.S: There is a multiplayer mod, by the way! Get it for free and show your amazing truck and driving skills to literally thousands of other players. Make friends on the road and drive in convoys around Europe, if you wish! The fun is doubled in multiplayer but also is the stakes. After all, you won't be driving with the AI, anymore. You'll be driving with real people, each with their own mind, ideas and driving skills. Almost like in real life! Except that in here, you won't be sent to the hospital and your truck to a scrap yard if you have an accident. :)"
76561198045266538,Recommended,227300,10878391,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Losee1,God Damn Europoors have no quality control on road infastructureThey even drive on the wrong side of the road.God it's a good game.
,Recommended,227300,34116335,Posted: 8 August,all,Jamie Is Cute,"A game that anyone can enjoy, especially if you are looking for some peace after all the hard work you've done throughout the day :)"
,Recommended,227300,29416423,Posted: 22 January,all,Big Smoke,"I think this is one of the best simulators in the world as well as American Truck Simulator. In this game you have a great number of liscensed trucks  which are: Scania, Volvo, Mercedes-Benz, DAF, Iveco, Man and Renault. Great Mod Support as well as DLC's. Supports Oculus Rift and TrackIR. One of the best Graphics I've seen. You can get mods in The Steam Workshop. Has Steam Achievements. Quite a lot of European cities and towns to haul different cargo to. You can Customize your truck by your taste. Buy garages and hire workers and grow your Trucking Empire."
,Recommended,227300,30532100,Posted: 15 March,all,Erike,Yes
,Recommended,227300,20336827,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,The Emperor Second ♛,"- Coolest simulator yet, I recommend you learn how to drive in real life, worth all the money.- Beautiful graphics.- 10/10 Euro Truck Simulator 2."
,Recommended,227300,28921843,Posted: 1 January,all,lafaman,feelsgoodman ;3
,Recommended,227300,9095823,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Tigtog,"Through the centuries, mankind has built monuments to her success and achievements; the Pyramids of Giza, the Colossus of Rhodes, and the Great Wall of China are evident of this. But not until now has mankind truly created a true masterpiece. Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a godsend. The Mona Lisa of it's time, ETS2 transcends art into the realm of the biblical. One does not 'play' Euro Truck Simulator 2, one experiences it. Experience the excitement. Experience the thrill. Experience the romance. Experience the bilingual european political intrigue. Experience... Euro Truck Simulator 2."
,Recommended,227300,10907919,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Smoelken,A very chillaxing game. Good to play when you just want to relax. Also it is a great game to stream when you want to be able to communicate a lot with your viewers.
76561198012015001,Recommended,227300,9011790,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,nemchenk,"An excellent way to relax after a long, hard day at work, Euro Truck 2's highways are almost hypnotic, slowly twisting and turning until all your worries are gone. Oh, and you can pimp out your wheels to the max! :D"
76561198288285514,Recommended,227300,24515581,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,whisper.,I buy this game because i see all my friends play it. I watch the game on youtube and i see so many people play it with a wheel.Soo.. if you want to buy it i have just 2 words to say BUY IT! :)
,Recommended,227300,7912214,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Fox,"Pros: Great graphics quality and the scenery is nice too, even the best GPUs are currently stressed on this one. It's really noob friendly in terms of UI, gearing and even driving. Haven't seen any bugs of any kind yet, although through research, apparently they're out there somewhere and there's mods available which fixes them, just be careful as some mods are impossible to remove without losing your save files. Gameplay is very addictive and staying within the lanes while using just a keyboard is much easier than 18WoS was, though ppl recommend a joystick or wheel to play as apparently it's even better than keyboard. The career path is far better than 18WoS was, although it's pretty much the same, it's much more polished (like Porsches and their stubborness to keep their engines at the back but eventually made it work properly). I like the level up system where you can improve on skills and abilities to haul different / more valuable cargos and also improve on fuel efficiency.Cons: AI traffic are both intelligent and stupid at the same time: they sometimes behave like typical bad drivers do (they cut you off and then slow down faster than you can brake, stuff like that), but they also do really dumb things like drive right into you or put you in a situation where you have no choice but to cause an accident which will happen a lot if you're not careful enough and experienced. Realistic lights mod is almost a necessity to have because otherwise you can't really see AI in the mirrors and you can't see oncoming traffic until they're close (might of been fixed by now, I'm stuck with the mod though so I don't know). GPS is not that great, though definitely needed (slightly improved with v1.11), but that's for the most part realistic since most GPS's are terrible. The infractions are very strict with no leniency at all and you WILL get a lot of them no matter how much you try to obey the rules of the road. Truck dealerships start off as hidden in the cities until you discover them which is difficult to do since you don't start off with your own truck to explore with, so you kind of need to become a rebel and use the employer's truck to explore with and hope to still be able to deliver the cargo in time. Analog controllers are definitely not something I'd recommend ppl to use for this game... way too twitchy and unpredictable. While taking damage can affect the truck, it takes a lot of crashes in order for it to need those repairs, also, no matter what condition the trucks are in, no damage is ever seen on the trucks, that also includes AI cars. The world feels really flat (even though it isn't), there really isn't any major hills other than in the quarry.Even though I listed way more Cons than Pros, I very much highly recommend this game if you're a fan of simulation games or driving games of almost any kind as it really is a fantastic game in many ways. It's far better than 18WoS and any other trucking game I've played. It's a game I keep coming back to.EDIT: With the 1.9 update which apparently improves the AI system... well, it doesn't improve the AI system, it only made them worse. Still doesn't stop me from playing and enjoying the game though, just keeps me more on my toes when around them.RE-EDIT: Some cons removed with 1.11 update. AI is still very stupid (but not bad for AI limitations)"
,Recommended,227300,10711759,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Aro,"I haven't been playing this game for very long, but I am really enjoying it so far and can definitely see many more hours ahead of me soon. ETS2 is a very relaxing, enjoyable, challenging and therapeutic game with so much to do and so many things to achieve. The concept is incredibly simple but as an actual game it works so well, it is difficult to explain why it's so fun, but just is!You start off as a cargo truck driver for hire, doing small or large jobs for money so that you can form your own business with your own fully customisable trucks in a beautiful realistic environment. The cities and routes are not 100% accurate and not as long (that would be ridiculous) but it doesn't matter. There is still hundreds upon hundreds of hours of game play on offer and fantastic scenery all around the developers vision of Europe in this amazing simulator.This time last year, I would have said that I do not understand how a truck simulator could be any fun as ever since I was a child I have questioned the fun factor of simulation games, but I am so glad that I spent £7.50 for the collection (ETS, ETS2, Bus Driver, Trucks and Trailers, Scania Truck Driving Simulator and plenty of DLC for ETS2), an absolutely amazing bargain.  Some of the best money I have ever spent and I have only played the one game of the collection so far!ETS2 is worth every penny, so if you see it even cheaper than it's full retail price pick it up and you won't regret it. For the sake of £3.75, you should just buy it anyway!"
,Recommended,227300,10111264,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,StevenK,A great game and now with MMOThis game is easy to use and setup and is fun for all ages.10/10
,Recommended,227300,16698116,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SHARD,"Rating: RecommendedPremise and gameplayEuro Truck Simulator 2 casts you as an up-and-coming truck driver in Europe. You start out doing freelance jobs for other companies who provide you with a truck for each job, eventually amassing enough money to buy your own garage and truck, which is when the game truly begins. Of course, you can always take out a bank loan, but if you want to stay debt-free, you have to work for that money. You can always take a quick job if you feel like it, but to gain access to the most powerful trucks you need to buy and upgrade them yourself, both visually and performance-wise.After each job you will gain money, experience and truck upgrades. Experience can be used to level up your driver in various ways. For instance, you can put points into certifications for dangerous cargo or long distance driving to unlock more job types or eco-driving to reduce fuel consumption and the resulting costs.Once you've got your truck company off the ground you can start expanding by buying more trucks, hiring drivers and more garages across Europe. The game doesn't offer much in the way of micro-managing you employees, but you can upgrade their trucks in the same way you upgrade your own and decide what attribute they should focus on levelling up.Do note that there's no win-state in this game. It just keeps going while you expand your freight empire and if you want a clear goal you need to set it yourself.When you're ready to hit the road you either pick from a list of available quick jobs or go the the freight market to find cargo to haul with your own truck. Quick jobs are great if you just want a quick fix, as you don't have to drive all the way to pick up your cargo. If you want the pure experience you buy a truck, pick a job and drive to pick up the trailer before embarking on your journey. Along the way you will need to follow the rules of the road and watch out for traffic. Any and all traffic offences will result in a fine, which can severely bite into your profits if you're not careful. While you can get away with speeding, there are speed cameras along most roads that you need to be on the lookout for. You also need to keep an eye on your gas tank and your sleepiness levels and pull into a gas station or rest stop when needed. When you arrive at your destination you can choose to park your truck yourself, which can be a true challenge in certain locations, or relinquish a handful of experience points by using auto-park.One immersion breaker is that there is no real in-game economy to speak of. Everything stays pretty much static no matter what happens in the game and there are no realistic cargo chains (i.e. raw materials to factory, products to store). This will hopefully likely in the near future as the developer has created tools for creating such chains and has implemented a few in the Scandinavia DLC.PresentationSince I'm so late in writing this review, I'm lucky enough to write it after the 1.17 patch was released. This patch brought plenty of changes to the graphical presentation, most importantly the lighting. The game is definitely no Project CARS, but it has absolutely been serviceable and is now even more so with the improved rendering engine. Some scenes are made absolutely gorgeous by it. World textures could definitely use some upgrades to make the game a look bit more realistic and some models look a bit basic, but overall the visuals of the game are just fine. Not mind-blowing, but they do the job well.The trucks themselves are modelled in stunning detail, and the Mercedes-Benz New Actros that was released in patch 1.18 takes this to a whole new level. It's clear that a lot of love and hard labour has gone into the trucks and they are definitely the highlight of the game's presentation. The only downside to the models is that the switches and knobs inside the cabin aren't adjustable. I may have been spoiled by other pure simulators, but it would be a nice touch if you could actually use the physical buttons instead of mapped keys on a keyboard or controller.The physics simulation leave a little more to be desired. The truck cabins don't sway as much as they ought, which is especially noticeable during roundabouts or when decelerating. Trailers don'tfeelheavy, but just slow you down, and there's very little feedback from the road surface.The sound design as a whole is serviceable. The truck sounds are of course very good, but the rest of the sound scape doesn't feel as fleshed out. Not that it matters all that much when you spend most of your time inside the cabin (whichisthe proper way to play), but it would be nice to have a some more prominent ambient sounds to instil a sense of place when you pull over and turn off the engine. If the truck sounds or road noise aren't to your liking, there are loads of mods available that remedy this.The world design is generally pretty good. Areas like Great Britain and Switzerland feature some of the best roads and vistas the game has to offer, but some areas feel very bland, especially Germany, which unfortunately is the country you travel through the most because of its location. These areas have generic roads with generic intersections and generic city layouts. It all starts to feel very same-y when you pass the same copy-pasted intersection for the fifth time on a single haul. Some off/on-ramps are also very confusing, where one lane suddenly turns off the road without any heads-up. The signs don't always indicate correctly and these intersections are unrealistically common in the game.The DLC that has been released is a lot better in this regard, but if you want to up the fidelity of the base game, there are a lot of map mods to try. ProMods is one of the bigger mods that add new areas to the game, but they are also currently in the process of redesigning a lot of the base game to get it up to scratch with the new areas.The game also supports TrackIR and Oculus, but I haven't had any chance to try these features out.ControlsThe game supports keyboard & mouse, gamepads and steering wheels.The controls for kb&m and gamepads are fairly straight-forward and work just fine. The wheels are way more interesting and you get a lot of settings to perfect your experience. Earlier, the trucks had some wonky wheel rotation properties, but a recent patch gave all trucks 900º rotation. I haven't found any settings I feel are missing, either. There are multiple sliders for different axes and FFB settings, all buttons are rebindable and there is a useful wizard for quick setup.The force feedback feels a bit ""grindy"", though. I use a Logitech G27 and it feels like the engines struggle with providing resistance, almost like they're slipping on sand. This does not happen in other games, where the feedback is tight and grippy. I have no idea what causes this, and it doesn't seem like any of the settings fix it. Itworksand can give you a juicy jolt if you crash, but it's not what I've come to expect from force feedback.SummaryDespite some technical flaws this is one of my favorite games. It's a solid package and great for a relaxing evening of driving.If you can stomach long drives, gradual progression and being responsible for your own funin an open worldon the open road, this game comes highly recommended.I rate this game:EssentialRecommendedConditionally recommendedNot recommendedAvoid"
,Recommended,227300,8587438,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Rafterman,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a breathtaking game unmatched by any other. While driving across beautiful landscapes, manage your business, hire and fire drivers, fully customize your truck, and play through the most moving story any game has to offer. One man, alone, no shoulders to cry on, no crutches to help him stand, must strive to avoid bankruptcy in an unforgiving and realistic environment. The graphics are stunning, the driving is amazingly realistic, and the dynamic environment with moving cars is mind boggling. If the player turns on his blinker to make a turn, there is a chance that the car opposite of him will stop and let him make the turn. And when a player collides with another vehicle or object, the truck actually takes damage that costs money to repair, is deducted from the payment if the damage was done to the trailer. I can't think of any other game with realism as immersive as that. The leveling system is even better then that in games well known for unique and superior leveling systems such as the Call of Duty franchise and the classic E.T. for Atari. It provides this unique learning experienc that you can get no where else, making you feel as though while your character levels up, you gain a certain understanding of the real world. There were a few downsides of the game, though. For example, this game does not give you the experience needed to qualify for a CDL-A, which disappointed me, given the exemplary story and graphics. Also, it does not provide you with a steering wheel or pedal set for the complete Euro Truck Simulator experience. While most game designers wouldn't, I expected this games creators, or artists, if you will, to put themselves where everyone knows they belong: Above the rest of us. All in all, 10/10 must have, with an ending sure to bring tears to your eyes."
76561198038500302,Recommended,227300,22101917,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Bastargre,Without mods: 8/10With mods (Promods): 11/10There is no way to describe how this game makes you feel. It is you and the Road (and the sometimes idiotic AI)Driving from Reykjavik(IS) to Bucharest(RO) with your trusted truck and radio on just makes you totally zen.i played about 300 hours in this game without any mods at all and i really enjoyed it. a friend of mine started to push me to use mods and i recommend everyone to use them. i use promods which not only adds new countries but also improves the countries already in the game
76561198115579981,Recommended,227300,8838668,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,polaarbunnygirl,"I have over 3 million miles in real world semi's in 3 countries. I have driven just about every type of truck, hauled most types of loads, and did so for nearly 18 yrs. Since being forced into early retirement for medical reasons. I have tried every truck simulator out there, looking for a means to keep my skills sharp. Though this is based in Europe and it's primary focus is on COE's. This is the most realistic semi/ truck simulator out there. The world dynamic's are the most true to life I have ever seen. The shifting actually behaves like it should in a real truck. This is by far the best truck simulator out on the market. Can't wait for one to be done for America and Austrailia.In no other truck simulator out there, could I drive from the 1st person view. This one I haven't had to take it out of it. The views are spot on, the feel that comes thru is fantastic. All you need is a real truck cab mockup, a vibrating device tied to the engine noise, rumble strips and with a large enough screen, it's doubtful you would realize this was just a game enviroment. The only downfall I have found, the engine noise level inside the cab is way too low. I'm used to being able to drive by the sound without gauges, because of this I have to look from time to time. Generally I find this to be a worthy value and a great trainer aid. I am glad I found this simulator here on Steam. I'v also added some DLC mods as well as other mods that expand the map, trailer types and cargo. Makes it much more to life. But ETS2 is still a great starting point on its own.  Highly recommend."
,Recommended,227300,7796835,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Exotic Gay Fish,I was surprised at how much I loved this game. You really do start to get into the role. I recommend playing this with a wheel and pedals to get the most out of it.
,Recommended,227300,10683589,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lyall,"Timmysaid I should maybe review this, so I did.Buy it."
,Recommended,227300,24130822,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Basti,"To this day, I don't really know, why I waste my time on this game.... Literally you are driving a truck, wow, I mean, I don't want to do this in my daily life, but somehow this game is just ultra relaxing. A huge world can be explored and even though it is not detailed and the gameplay is very minimalistc, you will love driving around after an exhausting day of school/university.The add-ons are worth their money, skandinavia is even quite detailed, which is nice.I would recommend to play the online mod, so you can drive around along with other people/friends."
,Recommended,227300,12293024,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Grey,"Ah, what can compare to the joy of repetitively tedious work that requires no brain power whatsoever? I dare other humans (like I myself am) to find something more accommodating and comfortable such as piloting these ground-ships at a medium pace."
,Recommended,227300,15768642,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Huddleston,"If you need  to haul your truckload of trucks to the truck convention before the opposing groups of truck dealers and their truckloads of trucks you're going to need the one thing a truck dealer hauling a bunch of trucks  to the truck convention......and That thing... is a truck...Voted as truck hauling truck of the truck, Eurotruck simulator 2 trucks along a simulation of trucking along the truck-friendly and non truck-friendly enviroments of the european countryside, promising rugged trucks and trucklike vehicles.. you will not be dissapointed by the trucking in this truck simulationPros of the truck:+trucks+more trucks+tiny cars (which can be ran over by trucks)+smaller trucks+Trucks made in swedencons of the truck:-none-trucks are the bestIn conclusion, if you haven't considered trucking it to your local truck simulator and truck related accessories dealer I would suggest purchasing a truck and getting the truck over thereRated Truck/10"
,Recommended,227300,33178575,Posted: 3 July,all,Kage,"Quite fun and relaxing to just sit back a drive around, listening to music while managing your own business.would recommened this to anyone that owns a steering wheel! ;)"
,Recommended,227300,1413545,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Max (INFINITE),"Driving a truck can be as engaging and fun as any other game out there, you just need to give it a chance first. A game where the basic concept is simple, you drive your truck from point a to point b, get rewarded with money and continue on with future jobs, but where other simulators fail to hook the player, Euro Truck Simulator 2 manages to do the job right.This is not your average driving a truck simulator, in it you actually get to upgrade your vehicle, upgrade your character, level up, customize almost anything on your truck and even start your own company where you can hire other people to drive your trucks and make money for you. But hey, if you don't feel like doing any of that, there's always random jobs up on the job board from people that have a truck and need you to do a delivery, after you finish the job you return the truck and get your money, nothing more and nothing less, so this way I find it extremely easy to get into and just enjoy.Driving for great distances can sometimes be associated with ""boring"" which is not the case at all here. I find this to be the most relaxing game I have ever experienced, often times playing a couple of podcasts at the radio, sit back and enjoy a long drive, there's nothing like it really and you can't bash it till you try it, trust me. Time in the game is compressed, so for example, a 10 hour drive in real life will be about a 40-60 minute drive in the game, this is for a couple of reasons, but mainly to get you engaged on as many roads as possible, to admire everything it has to offer!"
76561198104389417,Recommended,227300,22461181,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,HelloA,"This game is surprisingly addictive.Smooth, and great graphics, many trucks, and the HUGE map to explore!I would want ONE thing.PLEASE add multiplayer for mac!I would even pay up to 20 bux!"
76561198007881864,Recommended,227300,15386714,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Mereel,"Great Sim, runs smoth and one of the best developers.And also i think, the 30000 positiv reviews against 540 says all ;)"
,Recommended,227300,9788874,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Liberto,"Im truckdriver and have been driving trucks every weekday for about 7 years.And I gotta say that the simulation is great, not much different from driving a real truck.I like that you dont need a wheel to play this, it plays smoothly on keyboard also.I like it! 9/10"
76561197972112796,Recommended,227300,8693783,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Benjy,"Totaly amazing, I didnt think i would like it, it has proven me wrong 100 times over.The graphics are amazing, specialy with a high end spec pc.The game play is smooth, i have to mention about some silly features, ie getting a fine for driving with no headlights on in rain.This game is worth every penny, and every minute of your time..Its like marmite, you either love or hate it.If they continue on this level for future simulators, they will be the very best..Ps: if you dont get this game, youl regret it, have a look on youtube, like i did.. Im sure the next button you will be pressing is purchase."
,Recommended,227300,463267,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Bet,"Disable engine speed governor in Options.  Then combine Germany's Autobahn with 20 tonnes of hazardous materials.  Exceed the speedometer's maximum as often as possible, get there without a scratch, finish with a +45 XP parking minigame.  It's bizarrely fun."
,Recommended,227300,29339749,Posted: 18 January,all,Truckerboy™,Very Nice Game And Good Graphics
,Recommended,227300,7764135,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,sam,"This is a game about trucks and to be honest that sounds pretty dire. Add to that the word ""Euro"" which evokes memories of well built and efficient roads. Yet this game somehow defies any logical conclusions you could make from the title and manages to be fun and interesting too. Being a trucker wouldn't be great and this game takes out the worst bits of being a trucker (porn mags and diarrhea inducing foods) and puts in the best bits (trucks and also radio). Stick on an internet radio station and deliver cyanide from london to amsterdam - time will fly by as well. Dangerous timesink. Good trucking."
,Recommended,227300,2226786,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Paikia,"""A truck driving simulator""...? I was wondering at first. I wasn't sure a game about driving a truck would be any fun. Luckily, I decided to try it anyway, and I was pleasantly surprised - big time!You get to to start your own truck deliveries company, hire drivers, deliver cargo over most of europe, and enjoy the quite realistic view.I've been playing this game on and off for a few months now, and it is actually a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,227300,16162600,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Drift King,"If you love simulators and appreciate the art of good driving, I HIGHLY recommend this game.  Or even if you simply enjoy calm, reflective activities, this is perfection.It is pretty self-explanatory - you drive a truck, and deliver goods.  I listen to my favorite podcasts in the background.   Just relax, take your time, and enjoy the pleasure of driving.Even after nearly 200 hours, there's nothing like driving out of the ferry port in Sweden... seeing that early morning sunrise... pulling into the service station and imagining drinking a hot cup of coffee...10/10"
,Recommended,227300,9748910,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Pointz,"More often than not I find myself forgetting that I am a truck driver in Europe, instead of America. Because of this, I constantly drive on the opposite side of the road/ highway and make the lives of everyone around me a living hell.10/10"
,Recommended,227300,10205830,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,ShadioBM,Anybody who loves trucks will love this game.
76561198233772168,Recommended,227300,24417613,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Lord Snooty,It's a veritable godsend for people with agaraphobia.
,Recommended,227300,12183151,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,💻TheModdingHD™,it is a good game to play on a lot :)
,Recommended,227300,11842254,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,iznotacat,Truck Truck Mother Truckers.9/10
,Recommended,227300,8252977,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Boriddy,"This game is splendid, the genre of simulation games gets a lot of bad reputation and is generally the laughing stock. Euro Truck Simulator 2 just doesn't care and just became a really good game. If you like driving around, micromanaging your employees, or just like to mess around in simulators it is possible to do so in this.At first I was skeptic and I bought it on impulse but at the point of writing this I have played more than 50 hours driving around Europe, every country really is a unique experience with a lot of details added to the side of the roads making you feel like you're really there. I thought it wasn't true untill I hit some areas I've been too in my past although sometimes the road was a lot shorter than in real life, it still really felt like I was there, looking around from my truck, in the mountains, over the bridges and through the forests, the view takes your breath away. If you just like traveling, this game really gives a good experience of traveling with a truck.I really have to mention the roads, they are different everywhere, whereas in the UK you'll find a lot of roundabouts and you drive left, when you cross the pond by ship or train, you get on roads that are really specific to the countries, in the Netherlands for example you have these roads with orange browny sides that are meant for bicycle riders, in Poland you get roads that are a bit broken left and right, they are a straight contrast. Not to forget the different gasstations on the sides of the road, the tollhouses for tollroads, the bordercrossings, they all have a lot of variaty, the cities difer a lot.The truck handling really feels, when you drive without a trailer it feels like you're weightless, you pull up so fast and you corner so nicely, put a trailer behind it and it is the opposite. Depending on the weight of the trailer, it can be really heavy, trying to get up to speed can be a drag with those weights and trying to race the corners can be a large accident, you really feel like you're heavy when you have a trailer behind you. The things you can transport also make a difference a whole lot of difference, sometimes you transport bottom heavy diggers of 25 tons and you just feel you got a lot of grip in the corners, but then the next time it is sand which is heavier in the center of height, and you go through a corner at a medium pace and you start tipping, you just know right there that the next corner you can't go as fast anymore. The difference between two trucks is also noticable, every truck is different some have a lot of horse power and torque, whereas others have barely any and need to really pull their strength to get up a hill. If you go to a garage to repair your truck you can also upgrade it and customize it, making it even better than before.The games controls are also good, though lacking controller support, it has support for steeringwheels and joysticks. It for example does support the sticks on my controller but it does not support any of the buttons, though this can be solved with things like xpadder, it would still add a lot to the game if it had native support.I would definitely recommend it if you enjoy trucking it really has the full experience."
,Recommended,227300,29346406,Posted: 18 January,all,Khronoe,"TLDRETS2 is a great game if you enjoy simulators and are looking for a career game with simulation, management and vehicles.  With a thriving community, engaged developers, countless mods and seemingly limitless customization it's a dream game for vehicle sim enthusiasts.  Add to this a new meta game experience with World of Trucks and it adds an additional layer of achievement for those who are dedicated to the game.  Low entry price point, very fair DLC pricing and potentially hundreds of hours of replay for fans make this game one of the best values on the market.A Shining ExampleToday's gaming market is significantly different than it was ten even five year ago.  In the past, we'd always have to go to a retail outlet to purchase our games and in most cases were stuck with whatever we got.  Today, we have no end of possibilities for our gaming pleasure but often our choices are mediocre or still in development.  Indie titles, early access, kick starter and other avenues have opened up limitless options for us not only to play but to purchase.  Euro Truck Simulator 2 (ETS2) is a poster child for how this economy should work and thrive.  With a very easy point of entry at a regular price of $20 it's an easy game for most folks to get into that delivers substantial replay to it's core audience just in the base game alone.  In addition, players can spend whatever they want to add content, customizations and more to their experience.  Combine that with a thriving modding community and you can customize the game until your heart is content.  To highlight these points:Easy entry level price point with no additional recurring costsVery fairly priced DLC that allows players to pick and choose what options they desire and expand their game play options significantlyCountless mods that compliment the existing official content allowing enthusiasts to fine tune their experienceA four year old game that is still winning awards with developers that are still delivering great content updates to this dayIntegration with World of Trucks which creates a new meta game that integrates with American Truck Simulatorallowing players to see all of their stats, share screenshots and earn additional rewards as well as participate in ongoing promotions[/*]Very solid gameplay mechanics that allow for a great simulation experienceGraphics that have aged well and still give the game a very high quality feelBeautiful landscapes that actually make it difficult to stay focused on the road while you're drivingDedicated developers that seem very engaged with their community and appear to take feedback seriously and try to deliverAvailable demo to allow players to determine if the game is right for themConcerning gameplay, this isn't just a game where you hop in a truck and drive trailers around from point A to B, rinse and repeat.  While that is one of the fundamental mechanics, it is not all there is to the game.  On top of the truck simulation is a management simulation in which you create your own trucking empire by purchasing garages, hiring drivers and purchasing trucks for them.  Completing jobs earns you money and experience which can be used to acquire new trucks, upgrades and skills.  This combination allows you to take on more jobs and earn more money for you and your employees.  Not only can you customize your truck and skills but also those of your employees.  That being said, if you want to just grab a truck and make a delivery, you can do that by taking Quick Jobs and earn money and XP in a truck that doesn't belong to you.But it isn't just happy driving to earn easy cash.  The default configuration of the game is setup so that you can get speeding tickets, get tired and if you do not rest you incur fines, can have major loss of cash if you cause an accident and you must also continually upkeep your truck.  But, if you want a more relaxing experience most of these features can be disabled allowing you to just happily truck along with no worries.  Additionally, if the default gameplay experience isn't what you desire then you can not only change the options but can find mods that will further allow you to enable, disable or add more challenging features.So this all sounds great so everyone should play it right?  Not necessarily.  Before I played ETS2, my initial impression was ""Why would anyone want to play a game like this?  It seems so boring and tedious…""  Well, that can be the take away for some.  While ETS2 is a large sandbox for truckers it's not a sand box where players can have a lot of fun just running trucks around and causing havoc or just freely grab any truck they want just for the sake of doing so.  This game emulates a truckers career and requires time and dedication to persevere.  For some, it will simply be too boring…but that doesn't mean it deserves negative criticism.  Part of the issue here is that the phrase ""Simulator"" being added to game titles these days doesn't mean what it once did.  In a market where a game that simulates the life of a goat translates into countless silly YouTube videos, the term has lost some of it's original meaning.  Another example, Shower with Your Dad Simulator.  While there is nothing wrong with those games, they do blur the lines of what a traditional simulator game once was.  So if you expect nothing but silliness and mayhem or free roaming bliss, keep searching, this definitely isn't the game for you.So in closing, ETS2 can be one of the best values for your gaming dollar is this is the type of experience you're seeking.  If you are on the fence, download the demo and give it a try, you might be very surprised (as I was) at how much you actually enjoy it.  SCS has done a magnificent job with this game and in my opinion should be the model for other developers to follow."
,Recommended,227300,9212992,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"I'm a female trucker from bratislava! I really love this game. Gifted to me after hearing about how much i liked to just drive around in the gta series, This is exactly what i was looking for. Driving around with purpose, Keeping my cargo safe (for the most part, I tipped my first cargo within one hour of gameplay lolol) Currently playing with keyboard and mouse. I cant wait to try this out with steering wheel and pedal, Driving next to these on the highways RL can be spooky. But now i have the power muhaha! If you enjoy driving and customizing your truck of choice this game is for you. 10/10."
,Recommended,227300,11900708,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,66th | Fwuffy,An incredibly relaxing game which is great to play just after a rage quit ;)
,Recommended,227300,14796785,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,[RO]RedBull108,+Graphics+Multiplayer mod+Truck upgrades+A decent number or licensed trucks (more to be added for free)+Online radio+Pretty realistic+SCS Software still releases updates to improve the game 2 years after release + they add new trucks in the game for free (incredible isn't it?)+Detailed trucks+Awesome!
76561198078304977,Recommended,227300,13223144,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Jerome,"I have never been able to drive a truck in other games.I really liked my experience on learning how to drive a truck with Euro Truck Simulator 2. I was shocked and had to use automatic parking because I was unable to figure out how to park. I started to deliver a few cargos first before attempting to park properly.By the time I was able to upgrade my garage and buy another one, I am already taking deliveries with distances over 1000km. I find it hard to stay alert while driving on straightways, these deliveries now take a pretty long time and get me feeling sleepy (Just like the driver, I will take a nap when he gets to rest). I kept on getting speed tickets, I guess trying to slow down is something that I can't learn.I look forward to taking on more deliveries to expand the company and unlock more achievements. I'll also be trying out the multiplayer soon and will be camping for a sale to buy the Going East! DLC."
76561198043032220,Recommended,227300,12597193,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,CPT.Gunzbear,"i love this gamedriving with 80 km/h with a nice radio channel onit really makes a kind of atmospherewell actually beginning sucks because you have to build your way upbut the game itself is really niceBUT BUT BUT hear me out for a seconds MKAY?there are updates commingso new features and stuff is comming upso yea this game is a must have, 7.33/8.33"
,Recommended,227300,23404473,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Saulios,"A great game to sit back, relax and listen to some music while driving in your truck around Europe. Lots of customizations, mods and an online multiplayer."
76561197972423364,Recommended,227300,18243253,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,[SqrrlsDn] whitesquirrel,"Great game. Optimized good. Size of sandbox?, massive. Customization good. Stable, yes. Support and modding community large. Live streaming radio is great with many genres. AI runs decent.Nice way to roleplay management. With the mods availble, and in the quality of it, the game has an endless feel to it. If you enjoy driving with a bit of a challenge, ie; parking and measured turns etc., then here you go. I'm a truck driver by trade so this was a nice turn from my zombie killing days. Get the game if your on the fence."
,Recommended,227300,23481634,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Mr.Rothwell,"Really can't explain why or how this game is so enjoyable. It's literally just driving trucks around Europe and delivering cargo. Sometimes the monotous highway driving gets a little tedious but otherwise it's really quite addictive. Physics and graphics are brilliant, the sounds let the game down a little but no enough to detract from the simulator experience. Can eek out 4K gaming on a GTX970, i7 and 16gb ram but it's much more playable at 1440p with a steady 60fps. Make sure you get the DLC maps, they're worth it."
,Recommended,227300,22692890,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,R4C3R98,"Very good game, I've playes lots of it, but I think I stopped playing this at the right time... 1337 #Stayleet"
76561198044662048,Recommended,227300,9599598,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Phantom_Smith,May seem boring but if yoou got time to kill and music to listen to it is for sure a good pass time.
,Recommended,227300,9804669,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz,"The addictive nature of this game defies explanation. You cannot describe it, you can only experience it.Good graphics, live surrounding world, smart AI, thousands of kilometers of roads, tuning trucks and much, much more."
,Recommended,227300,8322507,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,AkaJenny,"I had no interest in trucks.Now whenever I see one in the wild I get a warm fuzzy glow. I stop and snap a picture of a parked up SCANIA feeling a certain sense of satisfaction -as if I just caught myself a new Pokemon.After 20hrs I bought a Logitech G27 to give myself more realistic control. Shorlty after, a 21:9 monitor to give me a wider view of the road. Finally I upgraded my graphics to a 780Ti for a bit more Oomph. So basically this is the most expensive game I have ever played. Highly recommended.FYI; SCS are constantly improving the game with free patches, and they blog about it a lot. Just recently they updated the AI and physics. There is also a planned map update coming soon (free). Buy it! Support these awesome devs."
,Recommended,227300,11961800,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Lavemang,"Amazing game, and with the multiplayer mod even better!"
,Recommended,227300,13433171,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,utorak,Truck all of the things.
,Recommended,227300,13719245,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,OneLoveKA,Игра лучшая. Советуя купить всем.
76561198059403259,Recommended,227300,9905725,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Hop Out Da Rarri (BurnTalk) ☢,"Excellent Game! I recommend. I like ETS2 because it is a game of Carpal tunnel syndrome (if you use keyboard) and contemplation. Sure you get excellent visuals, which adds on to why it is a great game to ponder on, but I honestly like it because I use this game to ponder on life questions and such. Just like, what will I eat later, or more personal topics like what homework do I have? I guess that is personal but, if you like driving simulators, this game sure as hell is a good one. I do not drive according to the street rules because when I am pondering, 80 miles per hour seems nice on the town roads. Of course I am exaggerating (spell check please), but my point is that you do not have to be a hardcore simulator vet to enjoy this game. You cannot play it recklessly but you can have fun with it! I recommend it if you are looking for a driving sim/truck parking sim. Buy it on sale, I got an excellent deal and I recommend it to everyone.. well mostly."
,Recommended,227300,8990624,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Alan,Suprisingly fun simulator. I have spent too many hours on a game that when I first bought on sale looked really dull. Sometimes the map design feels a bit lazy but other than that great game and well worth the money
,Recommended,227300,8720907,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,expeditopaz,"Addictive. Just one word to describe this game. Suddenly, you realize you've been driving for hours and hours across Europe, from German autobahns to small local roads. Add a great interface, internet radio (or your own music library) as soundtrack, an excellent level-based gameplay, and here we have a great, great game."
,Recommended,227300,9760678,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Polanovski,"For the first time you play this sim, you'll get in touch quickly with almost everything in normal option. I believe since this is a ""simulator"" game, you should go deeper than what factory setting gave you.Try to use gamewheel, force feedback in this game is pretty awesome, you can tell the difference when you have goods in your back that empty trailer, if you don't have one, mouse steering still give you precision and little of the force feedback you want.every truck has it's own ""fingerprint"", Volvo feed your hunger for power, rather than majestic (or should I say Mercedes) will give you god touch of driving in the city and hill. ridiculous precision of a one's brand for such simulator.Oh! don't forget to learn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ braking and engine braking. And make the rain probability slider in option to go about 40%, rain is rarely happen under that mark, and rain is awesome!try to use ""simulator"" feature as many as you can, sure it'll bring you joy for fancy truck driving.I'm not going to whiny about graphics, but since in this game all you have to do is driving, having a good view of landscape and city is a need.Graphics pretty nice, what makes me impress is ETS2 have widely variant of graphic setting. I still can have nice graphic at my GT520M at my laptop (7/10) and a perfect breeze at my desktop GTX660.Here's a little con you'll find, not that many- sometimes when I go to the left/right, cars from opposite way of me didn't stop even after my truck body is eat up half of the road space. it's a little bit annoying to get -£400- you cannot set how many hours you want to sleep at the truck stop, sometimes I missed the delivery time for some mission because of this.- mouse steering sucks because you can't move your head without holding RMB.It's sure a great sim! be warned for addiction and dreaming become a truck driver."
,Recommended,227300,9748801,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Samson Biceps,"Haven't you ever just wanted to go down a looooong road somewhere in Europe in you're fat truck and listen to awesome songs on the radio? not only your local radio but you can choose of plenty from almost all countries. Well anyways.Definitly the best simulator ever made,This game is really funny and well made. Definitly worth the 3€ now on sale, 19,99€ worth if you're really into theese kind of games. TRUCK ON!"
76561198185037917,Recommended,227300,16338082,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DatHowie,"Developed AND published by SCS Software, this game is an open-world based simulator (hence in the name). In game you must deliver a series of cargo, for example, food, electronics, ect. Apart from that you can upgrade in different areas of cargo like Fragile Cargo which adds extra experience and profit, the downside of this is that the more damage you have, the more money taken away.Meanwhile this game also allows you to purchase garages in different countries and upgrade them which THEN allows you to hire drivers and trucks, with your build-up you can purchase your own truck from any of the companies, for example Scania (which are my favourite), you can customize it however you would like from chassis's to all extra parts like wheels, horns and paint ect.I could go into more detail but to keep it brief that is what I will give, bare in mind there are some downsides but the amount of detail and work put into this game is brilliant, so keep up the good work SCS, hopefully see so much more!-DatHowie"
,Recommended,227300,9656669,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Leddycakes,"If you get a raging fat for trucks well... THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!  Trucks GALORE! RED, POWERFUL, LARGE! INSTANT BONER MATERIAL HERE!1!  Whilst I'm driving I like to flap so god damn hard that my 4 inches of jerky looks like Slimey from the Muppets. I Highly recommend this exoctic game!"
76561198044386030,Recommended,227300,7922471,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Rectangularity,The best simulator game ever! Just sit back and enjoy
,Recommended,227300,23931487,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CATALIN,"Basic InformationTitle : Euro Truck Simulator 2Developer : SCS SoftwarePublisher : SCS SoftwareGenre : SimulatorGeneral ImpresionEuro Truck Simulator 2 is a vehicle simulation game. The game is a direct sequel of Euro Truck Simulator and it is the second video game in the Euro Truck Simulator series. The player can drive one of a choice of articulated trucks across a depiction of Europe, picking up cargo from various locations and delivering it. As the game progresses, it is possible for the player to buy more vehicles, depots, and hire drivers to work.Players choose their HQ's location in any of the game map's cities. At first, the player can only take what are known as Quick jobs—these jobs involve making hired driver deliveries while employed by a delivery company, with a provided truck and all expenses (fuel, road tolls, ferry crossings) covered. As the player earns money or takes bank loans, they can eventually afford to buy themselves a truck, acquire a home garage, and start making more money by delivering cargo using their own truck instead of just being a driver for hire. Money earned in the game can be spent on upgrading or purchasing new trucks, hiring NPC drivers to take on deliveries, buying more garages and expanding the home garage to accommodate more trucks and drivers.In my opinion, ETS2 is a good game, but you will become boring after a few races.Strong points+ Multiplayer+ Great optimization+ Great truck costumization+ Too many places+ Realistic+ Achievements+ Steam Trading CardsWeak points- Very expensive for what it offers- A lot of countries paintjobs that could be free- You will become boring after a few racesRating6/10"
76561197992156561,Recommended,227300,12754077,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Souls,"I love this sim.  It offers a lot the same challenges you get driving the real thing.   The maps are really big so lots of areas to explore. Tons of free mods also.  It supported Track IR, triple monitors and my wheel (G27) without any problems."
,Recommended,227300,14587027,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Day Man Fighter of the Night Man,"There is something very calming about driving a rig and its load across the vast country side of Euro Truck Sim2.This game is stunning in every aspect. Graphics and the 1000+ km of scenery is breath taking along with its full range of weather makes for a completely realistic feeling (-winter driving they should add it in and hope they do it in the up coming expansion).  There are a Dozen + fully customizable trucks to drive (Performance and Visual/color), with fully detailed truck cabins for the perfect first person experience. Your character also levels up as you complete jobs alowing you to chose which direction you want to take your trucking experience, and Increasing your rewards!You are also given the ability to run and manage your own trucking company, micro managing multi drivers/trucks/garages which also are all customizable and level up.This game is also compatible with wheels and pedles, game pads, and the Oculus Rift/VR. You may also import your music to the in game radio or listen to one of their many online radio stations.If your looking for a sunday driver to enjoy scenery across Europe while hauling a trailer, or looking for a true Trucking Sim, you need this game!9/10"
,Recommended,227300,14690023,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Kamgusta,"Unbelievable Truck Simulator! [KAMGUSTA's REVIEW]I started my truck driver life in a couple of minutes... In the first road stop, I watched to my left and then to my right for the street to be empty, then passed! No accidents! Then I spent the other 10 minutes trying to park that enormous truck without luck!I got my second assignment, the real one... I had to try to avoid the other cars, I had to slow down on curves, I had to take curves with an eye on my back! Then after a long road on the highway my attention got captured by the near airport and I took the wrong turn, so I had to drive for another 20 kilometers to the next town and turn around.Near the arrival point I said ""who cares about traffic lights"", and passed with the red lights on - I got fined for 350$.When I returned home I got an email from the Volvo seller :/Whoever designed this game is sick!!!IT'S AWESOME!!!Best played with Wheel & PedalRecommended Buy Price < 15$Score 11/10"
,Recommended,227300,14722452,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,al1e med mal1e,"I really like this game, think it is relaxing and fantastic to play, I really like how the developers update it frequently and keeps making it better and better!"
,Recommended,227300,14749471,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,JBlackmore,Best Trucking Sim?Euro Truck Simulator 2Whose Favorite Game?MineI recommend end this game to anyone who has a thirst for a well made Trucking Sim. I give my best regards to the creators of this game.
,Recommended,227300,8511384,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Savageslap,AWESOME GAME..IF YOU WANT TO DRIVE TRUCKS.. BETTER PLAY THIS FIRST.
,Recommended,227300,18800233,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,HHEX,"By far one of the most enjoyable stimulation games there is, with the ability for Multiplayer it makes the game way more entertaining."
76561198013705673,Recommended,227300,17144931,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,sendiansmail,"You may think this game boring , , I certainly did.  Couldn't understand why anyone would play it.  Having watched a few videos by Squrrel on YouTube, I tried it . . I am HOOKED lol.   Brilliant game and the game play and graphics are first class.  In fact some of the best I have seen."
,Recommended,227300,17224906,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,123,great game just great.
,Recommended,227300,25030687,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,drew,No matter how I try to word this I don't think I could ever explain how a simulator game about trucks could be so compelling.It's one of my favourite games and it's enchanced even further with the multiplayer mod.
,Recommended,227300,23469886,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,☭Joeymurphy100☭,"I think this game is a great simulatorit doesnt lag and the graphics look greatlots of roads to explore and many countrieslots of diferent deliveries to makeit takes a while to discover the map so you have lots to explorethe DLCs (going east and scandanavia) dont cost too much and add a lot more maps, roads and countries to exploreand you can even make your own companyso i recomend this game because if you love trucks and simulation games this game is for you"
76561197970440834,Recommended,227300,31830397,Posted: 18 May,all,hermanJnr.,"""You have taken this job: London to Rotterdam transporting Contaminated Waste. Your payment will be: £6800.""It was the first job for Big Bessie, my brand spanking new SCANIA truck. The first truck I'd ever owned. She had set me back a £100,000 loan, but I was confident in my abilities as a consumate haulage professional - this was going to be a fat pay cheque.The drive to the waste pick up point was uneventful. ""Let's get this show on the road."" I growled, imagining my driver slipping on aviators as I connected the pallid grey tank of death goo onto Bess.It took a few moments for a lull in the traffic so I could leave the depot. Immediately a blue Peugeot roared into my lane, cutting me up and whacking the trailer with a dull thud.""£300 DEDUCTED: COLLISION. 5% DAMAGE.""""Stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"" I muttered, surprised that Euro Truck Simulator 2 models my real life daily road rage so realistically.""£100 DEDUCTED: SPEEDING VIOLATION""""But why is this huge road 30 MPH? What nonsense is this?!""""£100 DEDUCTED: SPEEDING VIOLATION""""Yeah okay I get it.""The imaginary aviators had slipped off in the first collision, tumbling to the dark tarmac like an evil omen of things to come. By the time Bess had crawled to Hortham Port, I was feeling grim.""WOULD YOU LIKE TO PAY THE FERRY TAX? IT WILL BE £960.""I handed all the cash I had over to the smirking attendant, watching my bank balance slip to £-500. Immediately I received an email. It was Dave the Bank Manager telling me that he was watching, always watching. And I'd have an unfortunate accident tomorrow if I didn't get funds into my account immediately.With the shrill screaming horn of the ferry, I had arrived on the European continent. My mouth was dry - truck repairs were going to cost me £3000. The cargo was damaged too. It was too much. It was all too much.But then it happened - I saw the beauty of the Dutch canals. The worry fell like the weight of a stone. I reached for the screenshot key and took one, two, three screenshots. All beautiful, all Desktop worthy.And then it happened. The truck veered, smashing into the concrete barrier with a devastating screech. My hammering of the screenshot key had got the better of me.""DAMAGE 15%""I had only 10 miles to go now. With psychotic singular purpose I slammed down the accelerator. Another speeding charge. I didn't care now. I swerved into the chemical plant, my destination, with the trailer crashing angrily off the curb.""WOULD YOU LIKE TO MANUALLY PARK?""""YES.""I'd get the XP bonus if it killed me. I would need every scrap of cash and XP I could get to fend off Banker Dave and his vicious goons for another day.Reversing into the winding passage took three attempts. On the third the trailer screeched and moaned as it careened sideways down the chemical shed. With a thud it settled still.""Job complete. Your rating is REASONABLE.""£4400 paid. I smiled, the bittersweet smile of a man on the edge.11/10 would get Trucking PTSD again."
,Recommended,227300,13849986,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Mя. AMiNE,The best truck simulation game ever ;)
,Recommended,227300,13526771,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Flennie,Broom Broom
,Recommended,227300,29138342,Posted: 9 January,all,'Raikkonen,One thing this game has thought me.I can't end a job without skipping detach cause i suck at parking it.
,Recommended,227300,10242985,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Customs[649ers],"I Love the physics of this game, needless to say its a 10/10."
,Recommended,227300,7869127,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Roland of Gilead,"Now don't be fooled by the 'simulator' part. This is actually a really, really solid experience.On the one hand you've got a driving simulator, shipping stuff all across Europe on the big road listening to the radio or what have you, which is all well and good on it's own, but the game also has a tycoon bit in it, where you buy garages, hire drivers and equip them with trucks to drive.Leveling up is fast enough that it doesn't feel like too much of a chore to get bigger and better, but slow enough to give the game a good lifetime. Couple that with the tycoon aspect and you've got a long game in front of you, potentially endless if you really like cruising the French countryside on the way to England to drop off a shipment of forklifts while managing a hundred drivers across the continent.The physics are very solid and well-rounded, there's a lot of difference between driving with no trailer, driving with a few tons of corrosive acid or driving with sawdust panels. Try not to go too fast around corners with too much weight, you'll regret it. Turned into a highway into mainland France like 15 minutes away from my drop-off point and I had to call for assistance because I ended up on the side.If you're skeptical, give the demo a try. If you find that you like it, I wholeheartedly recommend purchasing it and getting to work on your truck empire.Oh, and I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award!"
,Recommended,227300,29651669,Posted: 2 February,all,ardendanmer,"Just drive around, listen to real-world radio, deliver some♥♥♥♥♥♥and meditate at relaxing calmness of ETS2. There are even RPG-elements and company managing, WTF. But best experience comes when you are stuck in multiplayer traffic jam.Game is actually really addicting, no jokes."
76561197997590328,Recommended,227300,8463418,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ricence,Very good game yes. You drive. You save game. You crash. You load game. You drive more. You get monies
,Recommended,227300,21241887,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,C L A W,"A great game to play when you want to relax.Pro:-Vehicle Customization-Realistic Driving Experience-Great Graphics and Scenery-Many OptionsCons:-Even if it has some truck management involved,it isn't a very well developed truck business simulation.I recommend getting a racing wheel controller for this game."
76561198034463166,Recommended,227300,4248699,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,jcddmdad,"Addictive, fun, well established game with regular updates.  Has a thriving modding community.  It is one of my ""must have"" games."
,Recommended,227300,26795232,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZoXy,Best truck driving game
,Recommended,227300,31479487,Posted: 30 April,all,Layne Utz,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is an extremely well made and produced simulation game for truck driving. If you are into Driving or Simulation this is the perfect game for you. The performance (FPS) is amazing but then some parts of the map are laggier than others. They have multiple countries to explore from United Kingdom, Germany and then Netherlands etc. All there DLC's are very cheap and are well worth it (Especially the extended map DLC's) You might get a little bit bored with some things but I personally find that is a great game and would play it any day. I hope this helps if you are looking to get the game and highly recommend that you do but it."
,Recommended,227300,11200951,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,meadeboy22,great game can't stop playing
,Recommended,227300,8771307,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Andrew,Very good and addictive game! Brilliant graphics and physics. You can feel the truck lose control in corners it's that good!Just buy it!
76561198016661147,Recommended,227300,10615090,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,☢LordMiki☢,"One of my favorites games  :) I had the non-steam version for all this time but whit our the DLC going east  ,i had like 500+ hours on this game.Just the BEST relaxing game ever.Turn your radio ON and enjoy the ride xD10/10 will play for ever <3"
,Recommended,227300,13001360,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Hell Knight F1,"Really one of the best games i own and have ever played, it might be from 2013 but the Developers have never stop supporting it, updates, fixes, new content both free and paid, support for mods, and they listen to their fans. Really what more is there to ask from SCS (Vulcan support, Vulcan support, Vulcan support, Vulcan support, Vulcan support)I trully gotta say, this is game development done right, im looking to put many more hours into this gem of a game wich im as enthusiastic to play as i was when i first bought it."
76561198193419917,Recommended,227300,23077451,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,SARGENT PINKY,this game is amazing i never thought id like a trucking game untill i played this XD i just wish that blackpool was in the game would love to explore my home town without moving my♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227300,29430449,Posted: 22 January,all,deST),"I have bought this game 2 years ago for no reason like most of the games i already own.Few weeks ago , a friend told me that you are able to play online..- I have brainwashed 4 of my real life friends to buy this game. : Done- Quitted playing World of Warcraft. : Done- Girlfriend thinks im braindead for driving a truck. : Done- At the moment , trying to brainwash more friends to buy this gem. : In progressTL;DR : HOLY F4CK THIS GAME IS SUCH A DOPE.( You can find some elite mods @ Workshop for single play usage only since they are not supported for online servers. )"
,Recommended,227300,15649076,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,voomba,"I have some friends that used to play the olds 18 wheels, and I felt strange how they get fun with these games? ""It seems too boring, driving slow trucks for hours..."", it's what I used to think about, and never got inspired to try...Well, some day when I bought a xbox 360 wifi controller to use on PC, I got a cheap steering wheel too, because it's cheap and seems a god thing to improve experience on racing games, like Race 07 (the race sim I most used to play at this time).Two days later, Euro Truck Simulator came in sale in steam, and I think it's affordable. Why not try? If I don't like, it's not a lot of money lost.Surprise myself, I stoped with car racing games and started to play ETS2 every day for almost two or three months!Really love the game! It's very challenging at first to drive and manouver to deliver the cargo, but eventually I was getting better. Never forgot the day I bought my first garage, first truck (one Volvo), and contract the first truck driver.It's a really nice game, it's a pleasure, it's relaxing, Driving day and night, with ou without rain, evolving the trucks, garages and earnings. Listen some cool internet radios in game while driving across Europe countries.2015 january I got a Logitech G27 and the driving experience got even better and pleasure.This simulator is a special gem, definitivelly it worths. I think I can driving these trucks for years without getting bored. Sometimes I stop to play, just to play other games in library or new games, but I allways return to my trucks to do some delivers and continue expanding the company. Waiting for Scandinavian DLC and American Truck Simulator too, no doubt it'll worths too.It's an excelent game simulator, I recommend."
,Recommended,227300,29453190,Posted: 23 January,all,thepowerglove,"Euro Truck Simulator 2is a major improvement over its predecessor in nearly every way, combining strategic and tactical hauling choices, crew and company management, and satisfying driving into a fantastic package.Pros:+The driving systems, the subtle differences between different trucks, and the learning curve are executed flawlessly. While the original felt stiff, this game gives you the tools to push the limits of your truck as far as you dare. While there is not a robust physics engine (you won't be jumping ramps or getting into huge crashes), the primary focus is on the drive and getting it right. Combining this with plenty of customization options, for performance or just looks, will ensure you are riding comfy. *Note, I am using a 360 controller.+The different locations throughout Europe feel varied and open.+The fleet management system is top notch. Hiring drivers and upgrading their individual trucks based on the skills they have is a treat. The bank loan aspect combined with garage expansion makes you feel like you are expanding your empire ever further outward while still allowing you to focus on the driving. It's not a distraction but rather an overall enhancement to the experience; you could also ignore it more or less entirely if it doesn’t interest you.+Great mod support and active community.+While I haven’t gotten them yet myself, many of the DLC packs seem to add large swaths of playable area to the game and look to be a good value for the amount of content.Cons:-The game is a few years old and some of the graphics are getting a bit dated. It's not a bad looking game but it wasn't exactly super pretty to start with.-Some of the road signs are misleading. Speed limits won’t match what your GPS says, highway signs indicate an exit is coming up but sometimes won’t tell you it’s an exit only lane, etc. It looks like modders have made a few patches to help with those issues however.Meh:=Many of the stations are copy/pastes of buildings from other cities. A little more variety would have been nice, but industrial buildings tend to look the same in real life so just a little nit-pick.=Some of the achievements seem suuuuper grindy, but then again, this is designed to be a game to be played over a long time.=Controller use in menus is just a mouse emulator. If you’re using a controller it’s probably best to go to K+M when you are handling the fleet management parts.Overall:Euro Truck Simulator 2is a solid game that touches on many aspects of what is a dangerous and yet often boring job in the real world and turns it into a relaxing yet thoughtful digital escape. There aren’t many high adrenaline moments but that’s not the purpose of the game. It provides relaxing catharsis in a manner very few other games have been able to achieve."
,Recommended,227300,10062786,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,DareO,The best truck simulator ever made. Now with Multiplayer mod!9/10
,Recommended,227300,10519410,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Craigals,"If you own Eurotruck Simulator 2, then you need to try out Eurotruck Simulator 2 Multiplayer, where you can join convoys and drive with your friends, you can even have a competition with them to get the fastest truck and the biggest money, the only downside to it is there is no AI traffic and you can't employ workers either"
76561198104089191,Recommended,227300,20199991,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bushi Neko,"I am glad I got this finally. I was wanting to try it for some time.. but with the sale couldnt pass it up.  I drove for a while as a pro. My hat is still off to all the guys / gals that OTR it day in and out. But this... its a lot like the real thing, especially at first.. getting a feel for your truck and the controls.. then watching that trailor, and even more important.. the 4 wheels all doing their own thing...Game wise:Pretty relaxing really, dont treat it like GTA and get a feel for the drive, and its ok.Steaming radio allows you to listen to real radio while you drive.Bonuses for things like actually parking your load, vs quick park.Ran smooth and well.AI was not horrid like I have seen in other driving sims.. sure, they do stupid things.. but I do / did to. Nothing that was flat out crazy AI trying to kill me.. not yet anyway.You can progress your CDL Endorsements as you get experience. ( As in, you get your cert to haul haz mat etc.. which offers more money, but risk )At this point I cant really complain, its not a play it everyday thing, but when your just wanting to drive, make some money, maybe get your own business going.. it was fun. I am going back to it for sure! A big change from all the time I spent driving in the mud.. hehe..I like this."
76561198018847741,Recommended,227300,16753786,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Brasidas,"I suck at reversing the trailer (even though I'm getting better at it) but that's not the game's fault. There's really quite a lot to recommend in this game, so I'll get to it.Pros1. Very realistic driving simulation, from game pad and joystick support, to manual gear changes, faithful replicas of various brands of trucks, etc.2. Somehow they compress time -- a 4 hour journey can be completed in 30 minutes of real time game play. This was one of the biggest questions I had before buying this game since I didn't want to be stuck at the wheel for hours at a time. I don't know how they do it, but they compress driving time very well, so that you feel the longer deliveries but at the same time don't burn an afternoon travelling a simulated highway.3. Great graphics and physics engine -- rain, cloudy skies, wiper action, water drops on your windshield, headlights, all nicely represented.4. Some RPG elements included -- running your own trucking business, buying vehicles, hiring drivers, all add a nice touch to what was supposed to be just a sim.5. The most amazing thing to me is: the landscape and the scenery look real! I don't know how they mapped thousands of miles of roads, signs, landmarks, scenery, etc. but they did a damn fine job of it. You really feel like you're in Europe!Cons1. Kind of steep learning curve, figuring out the driving controls/keys, had to keep pausing and checking the game setting options (there are a LOT of functions). I wish this part could be covered in a tutorial of some sort.2. A sandbox / practice mode would have been nice. You literally get thrown into the driver's seat from the start. But I guess some people like jumping in right away, but some like me prefer to have a decent understanding of all the controls first.Although I'm not as good a driver as I want to be, I'm actually having fun (minus the tickets and accident citations)!Recommended!7.5/10.0"
,Recommended,227300,10086218,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Jlkeys,This is an great Sim. They improve it every year. Keep up the good work SCS
,Recommended,227300,24120920,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Wince,"GiveThe "" {{ f e e l }} "" to drive (a truck)- 1st Take your time to mess and adjust the various setting and controloption, as well as testing the various trucks with quick contracts- Then choose your first truck & enjoy ;- Tons of realistic ""locals specific"" roads network design and architectural building along various place and cities(sometime due accelerated gameplay and shortened distance ""exit"" and ""line change"" are slighty an exception to the previous but you quiclkly and easily forget about that)GiveThe "" {{ f e e l }} "" to driveThe "" {{ f e e l }}to drive."
76561198217771039,Recommended,227300,35314418,Posted: 29 September,all,DiamantSchiff,"Woah.This game is more than I could ever hope for. I had never before this game had an interest in trucks, but now I do, thanks to this game and ATS. It's a relaxing but fun game-- peaceful, but there are challenges. You get to customize your truck to every little detail- even more with DLC and Steam Workshop. Pros and Cons--+ HUGE MAP! You can expand it even more with Scandinavia, Vive la France, and Going East DLC (which are all worth it). Soon Italia DLC too!!! (Don't be afraid to throw money at SCS for more content- they deserve it.)+ Customizations! There are many brands of trucks in this game, and so many things you can tweak down to the square inch with your truck-- Wheels, (+rims), decorations DLC (Like the Hanging Dice), bull bar, top light bar, horns, engines, chassis, etc+ Realism-- Road signs, if you wreck, there's damage unlike original ets, realistic landscapes, etc+ Challenge-- The game is quite peaceful, but there are many challenges. You have to deal with fuel stops, damage to your truck, other cars (sometimes the AI doesn't pay attention), or if you get TruckersMp Multiplayer (third-party), you have to deal with the many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ drivers that are real people, and the major lag- The only thing I could possibly say is a con is that SCS didn't implement multiplayer. I thank the good people at TruckersMP for doing that, it makes the game more exciting to play (but is sometimes less realistic, as there aren't many cars, mainly trucks, and there are more bad drivers)."
,Recommended,227300,21054773,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Juli170398,"Have you ever wondered, why ETS2 is one of the most played games on Steam? You should have, as there is no way getting around this wonderful simulator, at least not if you want to be a real PCGamer... but what makes that sim-game so special?Euro Truck Simulator makes it easy for any new players to jump right in and is very suitable for beginners as the options allow for massive customization when it comes to how realistic the game shall be. Talking about beginners, you don't need to have the latest and greatest PC in order to enjoy the game, it even runs on a five year old Intel HD Graphics but trust me, if you're lucky enough to own a high-end graphics card/ a decent rig in general, you will be able to push the graphics to a level on which you might be able to forget that you are just playing a video game! Anyways, if you don't want to sleep, you don't have to, just remove the mark in front of the fatigue simulation and you are free to drive for how long you want! But if you're one of those players, who would give everything for realism, you will also be absolutely pleased by what ETS2 has to offer. Let it be the fuel consumption of your truck or the air brake system, the possibilities for realism fanatics are endless. At that point, I should also mention that the game has great support for various steering wheels and TrackIR to give you the best possible driving experience. It is also possible, to mod the heck out of your personal Euro Truck Simulator version, in order to make it your very own experience. For those of you that aren't very interested in modding, you can also purchase a wide array of DLC packages that will add new parts of Europe or some new tuning options. Some of the best DLC that I can recommend at this point are the Scandinavia DLC as an example for a map expansion and the Mighty Griffin DLC that makes the stock Scania trucks almost look as awesome as some of the modded ones do.But does that mean that the game is flawless? No, it's not. Considering the AI drivers' behavior or some of the old parts of the map, there are some minor problems here and there but they definitely don't brake the game or make it unplayable. Just enjoy the game and listen to some of your music in the background, you will not regret it!"
,Recommended,227300,16875458,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,VRG,"One of the best games ever!I playedEuro Truck Simulatorfor the first time when I bought it from my local store which sells cracked games for $2-3. I bought just 3 games, one of them was ETS2. I played it for a while, realised that it was one of those games which people actually don't realise the perfection of.This game is Excellent.I was so happy with this game that I immediately spent$50of my savings to buy aSteam Wallet Cardand purchased theEuro Truck Simulator 2 - Deluxe Bundle.I would surely recommend this game to Simulator Lovers and for any other gamers, who can for once, just for a change, leave Counter Strike or GTA V and play this game.And for the climax, I really spent all my savings on this game, and have no more money left to buy your upcoming game - American Truck Simulator. I have really high hopes on this game. Devs, can you please gift me a copy of this game, or at least give me a Gift Pass for Beta Access? Just a request. BTW, good luck for the release!"
,Recommended,227300,8954943,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Stupidome,"Bit boring, but fun in a weird way, at least for a while. And you'll learn to respect truckers, it's not easy to drive such a big baby."
76561198067530396,Recommended,227300,26849937,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,martin1l,Really good truck simulator. Relaxing ride through beautiful landscape across Europe.Pros- truck driving- good graphic- beautiful landscape- easy company management- did I mention truck driving?Cons- I don't know100% recommended
,Recommended,227300,30151267,Posted: 24 February,all,Rengerais™,"Relaxing and Beautiful!Why do I love Euro Truck Simulator 2?1- Its a beautiful simulator.2- Feels extremly realistic (Truck brands and Europes geography)3- Gives you the possibility to add your favourite radio stations to your trucks radio, making it a relaxing and real experience of making those long road trips!4- Starts realistically- You start by driving your companies truck, progress to buy your own truck and end up having a logistics company full of trucks and drivers working for you!If you are a fan of simulators, a fan of driving and live in Europe. This game is absolutly for you!"
,Recommended,227300,12087538,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Vx |,"So hey, this is my story of my experience on this game.I've played this games on/off for months and everytime I play it, I get a good laugh.Why? Because the physics are sooooooo OP!!Why are the physics so OP? Well, you think it's all good when you're going onto the M1 and you turn at exactly 35 miles per hour to be safe, little do you know that the next thing you see is you tipping over onto your side and making a huge bang.It's best to play this game while you are intoxicated off drinking milk and eating Kelloggs™ Rice Krispies.Oh, another thing to point out is the AI cars.Boy... do they give you a rustle to your jimmies. You are on the motorway or you could be on the dual carrageway then suddenly you see that you have a vehicle crash ticket. You wonder how? Well the AI love to casually crash into the behind of you and ♥♥♥♥ you up the♥♥♥♥♥ You have to pay the fine and then you just trot on.Thank you for reading my beautiful review of this wonderful game created and published by Electronic Arts."
76561198020372082,Recommended,227300,10798233,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,(VGW)Fluffy*NL*,"Graphics are great, gameplay is nice and the online mod is to laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off.Following up by the great missions to choose. Loads of different missions and the mag is hudge.The different trucks the user can choose from is great."
,Recommended,227300,10980499,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Carlton,"People often gaze upon the Egyptian pyramids with awe and they wonder how the ancient Egyptians built such a magnificent structure. You may be researching this game to find out what could possibly make driving trucks so fun. As with the Egyptian pyramids, this seemingly pointless game is a phenomenon in and of itself.Like the individual stones of a pyramid, driving trucks is nothing special. It is when you stack the stones, when you combine driving Scanias with driving Volvos that you get a phenomenon known as Euro Truck Simulator 2.TLDR; ETS2 is comparable to an Egyptian pyramid. Pyramids are made of triangles. Triangles, therefore Illuminati."
,Recommended,227300,20008178,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,manchicken31,"This game is one of my favorites. I went out to get everything for this game. the pedal, shifter, everything. A good game if you share the dream to drive trucks like me"
,Recommended,227300,30154682,Posted: 24 February,all,DreamRiser丨注文,"休闲的首选之一，请您务必在玩耍的时候正确的选择BGM，个人推荐：头文字D的Eurobeats系列 (滑稽)If you want to just play some relaxing game, this is one of the choice you would like. Please select your background music carefully xD.Go get some Eurobeats collection from Initial D, man!以下为具体歌单(Here are my suggestions)：- Daja Vu- Gas Gas Gas- Heartbeat- Speedy speed boy- Space boy- DON'T STOP THE MUSIC- NO ONE SLEEP IN TOKYO在您开始播放上述音乐后，请开始尽情享受漂移和高速驾驶的乐趣When you starts playing the following music, you can start enjoying yourdriftinganddrag racing."
,Recommended,227300,15301802,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,inactive,11/10 trucks-IGN
76561198053094959,Recommended,227300,9643218,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,bluefalcon011,It is a good simulator and you can play this without steering wheel.
,Recommended,227300,22808603,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,彡 SeRGiOPaOk4 彡,Great driving game feels the same after a while though it's more arcadish than a simulator not too many details but it's decent. Hopefully we have the Multiplayer(not official) and we still can enjoy the game.
,Recommended,227300,33502911,Posted: 13 July,all,EhsanBinHabib,Best game to play when you want to chill out and have a cold drinks :).
,Recommended,227300,30347487,Posted: 5 March,all,lukysdotnet,"Years ago I was not able to understand, who can like games like ETS2 and similar.Now I am one of those who try to persuade friends to buy this game, turn on same radio station as I have, and lets drive, relax, and chat over voice :)When I have some spare time, and don't want play action games, I like to drive and relax in this game :)And yes, you can play it on keyboard & mouse, you don't need a wheel, at least you can try first if you like this game - if so, you will love it even with keyboard & mouse, and then you can consider if you want invest to wheel :)Btw, I still don't have wheel at time when I am writing this review, but I definitely love this game, just still don't sure which type of wheel I want :)"
,Recommended,227300,12856428,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Bubbleradish,"Euro truck is an interesting game. The first time i played it, i didn't understand it. After playing it some more, i realised that it is one of the most engaging games i have played. For me, driving in a truck for countless minutes on end was quite boring but the deeper you go, the more there is to it. Leveling up and earning cash became more and more rewarding. As you begin to build up a fleet of trucks and drivers, the game becomes more exciting and engaging. Building a company and driving long distances is really what this game is about. If you enjoy the game you will probably try to install mods, addons and large maps that can sometimes even be a whole country. They have also added a radio in the game that can give you actual live music from real stations around the world! Its a sensible game with a user-friendly interface that anyone withought any previous trucking knowledge can play around with.Now to the negatives... The AI is just unbearable, having to bear with stupid drivers is a huge let down and ruins the realism the game tries so hard to deliver. [This will probably be updated in the near future so dont worry too much] Cargo choices are quite broad but the game somehow chooses to give you the same load frequently. One of the largest flaws of the game is head turning, i say this because everytime you look right or left at a turn. As a result you won't be able to achieve proper speed of decision-making. Although there are many more flaws, they are mostly tiny and you usually wont realize them.I guess what i am trying to say is that it has great potential as a game directed towards very particular group of gamers and the team (consisting of only afew people) have put a great load of effort into it. If you ever see this game on a good sale i recomend picking it up and trying it for a few hours."
,Recommended,227300,15910020,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Stephen,Game Review -https://youtu.be/985AmsYWyoQ
,Recommended,227300,12359938,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ZigZag2242,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a truck driving simulator, it contains some European cities and roads. You can work for an employer or your own truck, recruit drivers and buy new trucks or upgrade your trucks using money earned by completing deliveries, which involve picking up a load then driving to it's destination and parking the trailer. There is also a multiplayer mod, so you can start a convoy with other drivers and develop your own trucking company. I would recommend the game to anyone who likes trucks or driving games, there are also DLCs which give you new cities, loads and truck customization."
,Recommended,227300,14180323,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ChequeMate,I can now tell when its gonna rain in RL just by looking at the sky. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,7826294,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Gentlefood,"DO YOU LIKE EURO GOODIES? NOW YOU DO. DO YOU LIKE TRUCKS? YOU BETTER. NOW IN ONE CONVIENENT HOMICIDAL RAMPAGE SIMULATOR, YOU CAN SHIP EUROGOODIES STRAIGHT TO THE GRAVES OF ALL OF THOSE PEOPLE YOU JUST RAN OVER IN YOUR TRUCK.I MAY NOT FULLY UNDERSTAND THE PROPER WAY TO PLAY THIS GAME."
76561198079410708,Recommended,227300,23732077,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ford7000Man,This game is an amazing one! I really enjoy it and the DLC's make it a lot betterWell done SCS 10/10!!
,Recommended,227300,21292165,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Edelweiss ✿,"I'm drivin' a truckDrivin' a big ol' truckPedal to the metal, hope I don't run out of luckRollin' down the highway until the break of dawnDrivin' a truck with my high heels onMy diesel rig is northward boundIt's time to put that hammer downJust watchin' as the miles go flyin' byI'm ridin' twenty tons of steelBut it's sure hard to hold the wheelWhile I'm waiting for my nails to dryOh, I always gotta check my lipstick in that rear view mirrorAnd my pink angora sweater fits so tightI'm jammin' gears and haulin' freightWell, I sure hope my seams are straightLord, don't let my mascara run tonightBecause I'm drivin' a truckDrivin' a big ol' truckSmokey's on my tail and my accelerator's stuckGot these eighteen wheels-a-rollin' until the break of dawnDrivin' a truck with my high heels onOh, I don't mind when my crotchless panties creep right up on meAnd my nipple rings don't bother me too muchBut when I hit those big speed bumpsMy darling little rhinestone pumpsKeep slippin' off the mother-lovin' clutchBut still I'm drivin' a truckDrivin' a big ol' truckHeadin' down the interstate, just tryin' to make a buckWearin' feather boas with sequins and chiffonWhile I'm drivin' a truck with my high heels onI'm drivin' a truckDrivin' a truckGot a load to carry and some eyebrows left to pluckAnd I'm late for my appointment down at my hair salonSo I'll be drivin' a truck with my high heels on"
,Recommended,227300,8294354,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,VenomCLC,Best truck simulation game? Yes !
,Recommended,227300,16504126,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sils,I drive like Stevie Wonderand park like a female Stevie WonderBankrupt/10
76561197973954932,Recommended,227300,18560791,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ArcticKitsu,"I just love trucking around Europe. More so because I was actually there numerous times throughout the numerous years, and in many areas. It was nostalgic when I was able to venture around the Slovakia area (Bratislava) to see SCS adding in all the cool detailing both in the scenery & the trucks themselves. Lots of fun to be had in this game, even if it is a trucking sim. Quite neat how you choose jobs by borrowing other company's trucks to then get your own, customize them, and expend your trucking Empire by both yourself & varying skilled drivers for hire. It's even sweet when you can listen to the radio from Europe as you truck around.There's lots of details, more being added with each coming upate.Pros:-Scenery details: It's simply overly beautiful. Cities are well crafted, just out of your reach. You can visit & admire the view, just that everything is treated like a 'back-drop'. Lots of detail & attention was put into everything.-trucking experience: It's amazing when you're trucking while being able to haul goods. The feeling of having to be cautious, signaling, not hitting the curb, and having to turn on thel lights. Lots to pay attention to & get into habit-mode. Even being able to customize & such.-Truck detail: Cabin shaking on bumps, the GPS, the horn, the way they sound, run, and operate. It's all interesting. Even the ability to buy & customize them.Ai reactions (blinkers): Previously cars & vehicles did not react to your signaling & presence. Thanks to one update they now do, and even honk when they see you as a pest. They give way when you signal, and they're aware of your presence.Needing to stop at red lights: It's sweet how you have to stay at a red light. It get penalized when you don't, and you also are forced to kick that Grand Theft Auto habit of running lines to stay professional. Stay within the speed limit or get fined....There's speed traps.Repair:: Even though there's no real damage, you do however have to repair from normal or AI stupidity. You have ot keep repairing from normal wear & tear, or else risk stalling & crippled on the side of the road needing to call a taxi.Photography: Love the whole photography bit of taking & saving images. It makes the game more fun with the fun side-things you're able to do. I was able to spam my gallery with them from my journies around Europe.Constant updates: The game is always updating, and something that keeps me drawn to the game. The more it updates the more willing I""m willign to stay to see what's new. I love seeing new ""small"" features being actual ""big"" ones to enjoy. It added the whole ""AI interaction"" when you blinker.Heavy Cargo: The new heavy Cargo DLC adds to the game by adding nice new challenges as you truck around with heavier cargo. Things like heavy concrete slabs, cranes, transformers, trains, and etc. Backing it up also becomes a challenge when you reverse because of how the wheels assist you with turning that it feels like your trailer is skidding on ice. It's a nice challenge as you also squeeze by on certain roads.- There's even more that I just want to list. That awesome feeling of exploring, seeing you & your drivers level, while also seeing the constant updates. Even the nice little features of monuments, war museums, planes flying, ships sailing, and guys cycling. Nice trains even coming & going at random.Cons:-Repair Bill: You're always penalized when the AI is at fault. Always finding myself cursing when I dent or get cut-off by these AI ""greedy"" drivers. They do react to you, just ignore everything else.-Back-drop Cities: It's a real shame that the cities in ETS2 behave simply like a place to go with landmarks being cut-off. Take Bratislava for example with how you can't go on the ""UFO Bridge"" (Novy Most), or with how Frankfurt & Paris both push you away from such. [Fixed in ATS, or so mentioned by devs].-Invisible & 'lazy' Drivers: It's a real shame you can't see your own hired drivers with their own customized vehicles. Even if it's simulated, then pops up briefly for you to see. It bothered me how your hired drivers didn't bother to go trucking to a neighboring town or city to try and get a job back. This was a forced ""low economic"" feature that irritated me the most. They're intelligent & capable of improvising their way back since I was able to do the same.-No Multiplayer: No official, though there is a nice 2nd party type. It's awesome when you finally do managed to play on there. ATS needs to make note of this to also find its way into ETS2.Even so, this game is awesome. I love it, and still would play it with how much fun it is simply driving out accomplishing tasks. That feeling of detail alone is what is wanting me to come back in. European made games are so rewarding and so much fun. They know where the fun is at."
,Recommended,227300,12604998,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,hegedujd,Reversed into a car that didn't know what reverse lights were.  11/10
,Recommended,227300,12795759,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,FizzyKris,Trucks = Good!MERICA TRUCKS! OMG WOW
,Recommended,227300,13855300,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Druid,Have you ever dreamt about driving a huge road beast on its never ending road trip? ETS2 is surprisingly entertaining truck simulator with a great modding community. Definitely a must-have for all truck enthusiasts!
,Recommended,227300,7774062,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Arctrax,"A true gem that may pass unnoticed. If you like driving simulators, you should try ETS2. In this game you'll find two main aspects that make this game a very enjoyable experience.  First of all there's the obvious driving aspect, with lots of roads and cities to travel to with your truck (you may choose between a lot of them too, but I don't know the exact number) and a good variety of 'missions' of delivery. On the other hand, you cand expand the gameplay by starting your own transport company, buying trucks, hiring drivers, and managing your growing transport empire.Although it may look like a weird theme for a simulator (I was at first a bit shocked about the number of people playing it), once you try the demo you just fall in love with the game. For a relaxing time driving your truck, or for the sake of playing a good sim, you should play this one.PS: there are lots of mods, including new trucks, maps, translations etc. with a HUGE community behind the game, plus regular updates from devs."
,Recommended,227300,13446592,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,batuzzy,"I turn off the fatigue simulator. Instead the driver on game getting fatigue, I myself getting fatigue and crash the truck. 10/10, the most realistic fatigue simulator ever. Would buy again for the sequel"
,Recommended,227300,13961166,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Alien™,Very nice game :)
,Recommended,227300,7789714,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,omgggg clarissa,Its exactly what you'd expect. Do you have lots of free time? You might get a kick out of spending long♥♥♥♥♥hours driving trucks. If you don't have lots of free time this game isn't too worth it since you can't put much time into it.
,Recommended,227300,13319474,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Jason,"This is more of a game than a simulator, but the actual driving of the truck is a good simulation.  The gameplay components, IMO, make this better than a truck driving simulator.  I really enjoy managing a company, hiring drivers, owning trucks, expanding business, etc...  It's always fun to jam out to the radio while moving freight down the highway too.  I like that the distances are somewhat fictional and the cities are not fully modeled, I enjoy that when you come into a city, you only have to sit in some traffic and only sit at a few lights.  Basically the industrial areas of cities are recreated for use.  It would be nice to see the occasional iconic landmark that we all would recognize though. It would get old fast if the whole city were realistically modeled.  All in all it's much better than you could or would expect from a truck driving sim."
,Recommended,227300,9589868,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,pawlup,this is a game
,Recommended,227300,9656876,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,withche07 (Mert) 🇹🇷,Game for specific gamers. Not for everyone.Fun as hell!
,Recommended,227300,3900595,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Armin Only,"Most real simulator ever created, it has a very good management, also the rules are the same as Porting, which makes the game even more hot. I recommend!"
,Recommended,227300,10031737,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,DaringVulpix™,"I am 21 years old, unemployed, and now I have trucker stories about how much I hate British roads and how they drive on the wrong side of the road and how their rotaries are awful and I failed to do three no damage runs because of them. I don't know how I feel about this.All jokes aside, this is a pretty decent simulator. You can actually get a feel for the weight and power of your truck even if you use keyboard controls, which the game recommends against but I use anyway because this game doesn't tell ME what to do! But really though, if you're a simulation enthusiast or you want something to unwind upon and just stare at pretty scenery or just drive around making deliveries or something then this is for you."
,Recommended,227300,10215337,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Cilerium,"What's so fun about pretending to drive a truck around Europe? I honestly don't know. I can't figure out why this game is so entertaining, but it is. Maybe it's the empire building aspect, combined with exploration, and trucks. Regardless, even though I am not able to pin-point why this game is hours of entertainment, it is a lot of fun. I was surprised when I kept loading it up to play more.That said, there are a few quirks to the game that bug me, but they are all minor enough as to not really take away from the overall enjoyment factor. AI traffic is mind bogglingly stupid, but that's just realism. The interaction between the clip planes and the working components of the truck don't always want to work together. That is to say, the trucks are rigid, and don't allow for the tires to drop to meet the contours of the ground, which gives you a high centered effect, but it's rare.I don't have a whole lot more to add, but if you're into sims, give it a try."
,Recommended,227300,10779805,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Imsny,Yes this game can train you to be an actual trucker. It will train you by breaking you down and building you back as a trucker. I am still working on the building back up part but Im close enough. The ingame radio will hide the sounds of your crying when you fail at backing up. Which you will. Alot. The fields of flowers will absord your tears. Also from backing up. Are you ready to drive an actual 18 wheeler in actual Germany? Buy.This.Game.
76561197978942808,Recommended,227300,9781756,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Cyrax,Ever been in a situation wher you wanted to smash a car out of its lane cause he is going to damn slow ? well this game has alot of those drivers. You can smash them up and send them to hell for only a small price of $400 fine !
,Recommended,227300,9831083,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,TheoremG/,"I drove 18 tonnes of sand to Sheffield, I also got 3 speeding tickets along the way."
,Recommended,227300,10044421,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,haaldiirin,"Lovely simulation for truck drivers! The game looks great, not perfect but great. Lots of space to move, completly open-world area. Lots of alternatives to play (mouse, keyboard, steering wheel ect) and advancement level. (automatic or manual gear) If you just love trucks this is totaly a game for you! A bit repetitive but so it could be IRL too. I enjoy playing this game and I recommend it to people who are truck drivers, wanna be truck drivers or just love trucks and simulations!"
,Recommended,227300,13466727,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,The Night King,You can only call yourself a hardcore gamer when you have parked a truck.
,Recommended,227300,13564626,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ExcideSC,After my friend has spent hours upon hours playing this game i didnt really see what the big fuss was all about until i took a few mintues thinking time on if i should purchase this at all the Winter Sale decided to hit and ETS2 was on sale i asked him should i buy it at this dirt cheap price and he said YES totally worth it. Ive been playing ETS2 since i purchased it and OMG im addicted and ive only hit 7 hours play time for a simulator game this is amazing and i use my PC wheel to drive around these motorway delievering goods im starting to think im a actual trucker and while playing this game time flys by.Pros+ Hours Fly By+ Driving Trucks+ Amazing Views+ Great Community+ Long Drives+ Realistic+ Brilliant Controls+ Stream Live Radio StationCons- NoneOverall Score: 9 / 10
,Recommended,227300,7844322,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Bottle And A Gun,Lunch up a great podcast and enjoy the highway!
,Recommended,227300,13777183,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MrFoxyCracker,What other game can you smash into a wall and barely be damaged but tapping a car does 50% damage.10/10 IGN
,Recommended,227300,7923413,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,MentalzCk™ Megumin,"This is quite an enjoyable game. Driving through detailed environment is beautiful. As you progress through the game, you kinda learn how it is to build a truck company up, and its a really deep experience. I find it really relaxing to play this game, just living on the road. This game is kinda perfect, because the real deal, like if you would work as a truck driver in real life, it would had probably sucked, because of the distance and the part where your away from your family, but since its only a game you don't need to worry about this :)"
,Recommended,227300,8685662,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,PALPAMEME,"This is the most realistic depiction of a freight vehicle delivery service, I have ever seen."
,Recommended,227300,10630082,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Raven,"There's nothing not to enjoy about this game, if you're a fan of sim games. You drive around Europe, dropping off cargo from point A to point B. You can also listen to some prettys sweet radio, (internet radio streams from pretty much all of Europe) and look at some surprisingly pretty scenery along the way. A+, will drive again."
,Recommended,227300,16719040,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,BlackBloodRum,"This game took me by surprise. I only purchased this game as it was on sale, and I figured a few extra achievements couldn't hurt right?Well I have no interest in trucks I find myself playing this game and enjoying it. This game really does do a very good job of being a truck simulator. It is complete with customization options, plenty of DLC if you get bored of the base game, an excellent set of mods (Not from Steam Workshop) can be installed which can further enhance your gameplay experience.If you are a truck fan, this game is almost certainly a must have. Someone who is a truck fan would absolutely love this game to bits.If you're not a truck fan, you may, or may not like this game but if you can get it when it is on sale you should try it before mocking it, it actually does what it is designed to do very well.Although, I'd highly recommend having a music player playing music in the background as the long drives can be a bit daunting without it.As for its down sides.. I couldn't get the built in radio player to work on Linux at all with MP3 or radio streams as is apparently supported. Not a big issue for me as I just used another media player to have music in the background.It can also be very resource intensive also so you may need quite a beefy system if you want to wack the graphic settings up.So to break all this down into a nice pro/cons list:Pros:- Very well built simulation game. Does what it says on the tin.- Has achievements/trading cards for those who may want them.- Cannot be simply ""beaten"" in a few hours like most modern games.- Has company management features built in allowing you to employ people, buy trucks etc etc etc.- Trucks can be customized.- Visually it looks amazing if your system can cope.- Great modding community that offers many things the base game cannot.- Multi-platform supportCons:- Very resource intensive mostly on the GPU and appears to only be using only 1 CPU core out of 8 on my system- Framerate can drop in some locations for a few seconds.- No built in multiplayer (Though can be added via unofficial mods)- AI traffic can be pretty darn stupid at times and will happily ram you out of your lane if it wants your lane and then charge you for the privilege with a traffic fine.Hmm, I wanted to list more cons.. but I honestly cannot think of any others. So I'm going to have to say.. yes I recommend this game :-)."
,Recommended,227300,23892453,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,mike,"awesome game, my favourite simulator game"
76561198070554584,Recommended,227300,7855602,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Samchan,Polish simulator 2014!
,Recommended,227300,14842339,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,wangguci,"Euro Truck simulator 2 is a 'special' game because of it tendencies to make the player drift off into a world where you only have to focus on one thing: Driving. The game is unique as it delivers an experience that no other game ive played offers such as: Graphics that are simply breathtaking when on the specific high setting, the amount of attention to detain put into this game and it's world shows enomous dedication and a good eye, although the cities arent the actual size that probably should be, the major cities are quite realistic and have that original feel to them.The mechanics of the game are quite fair as if you speed you get a ticket, break rules: ticket and ect. The game is fairly good with its mechanics physics wise, I have yet to see a time where my truck has slingshoted out into the air. You can do everything that a truck can mostly do such as honk the horn, indicate, fill up with fuel (essential), cruise control, lights, manual gearboxes... the works essentially.The most unique thing about this game is that since it is just about driving, it has the sense of meditation or zen to it, usually I feel after playing an hour of the game refreshed or it clears your mind, it's also great before sleep as with other games where you find you are always looking around for dangers or involving yourself too much in typing or whatever, in this game it's simple, stressfree and overall very enjoyable. This game is great for all ages and especially those who are truck enthusiasts, people who dont mind sitting down for an hour or two and just relax will love the game and everything in it. The combination of just driving through the beautiful landscape is fully worth the money to look at and there is a wide selection of trucks to choose as well.Overall, I thoroughly enjoy this game and recommend it to all who look at the game and this review, and to all that buy the game:HAPPY DRIVING!(For those out of 10 enthusiasts)10/10"
76561198055170087,Recommended,227300,13979278,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,GottaGoFast [ソニック],"Very good, cathartic experience.  I attempted to play this game as it was intended, but I soon discovered that being a complete and total sociopath was much more fun and rewarding.  Like my namesake Sanic, I made it my mission to make every delivery as fast as humanly possible, regardless of mechanical, monetary, or medical consequence.  On a 2 lane highway I'll drive down the center line, leaving a long line of cars behind me, unable to overtake.  On 3 lanes or more, I'll sit in the center lane, watch my mirrors, and if anyone tries to overtake me, I'll move into their lane to cut them off.  If I get lucky I cut them off in the process of overtaking me, charging me 400 Euros for a traffic violation, and sending the zippy little sedan into the median in order to wait for ADAC.I find its helpful to yell obscenities at the foreigners.  On the way to Dresden from Berlin, I drove a minivan off the road.  As I passed them I leaned my head out the window and shouted ""That was for Pearl Harbor!""I've collected enough speeding violations and vehicular damage (both to my own vehicle and to those around me) that I'm now several thousand Euros in debt.  I don't exactly know how their monopoly money converts to actual currency like USD, but its more debt than I'm willing to pay off.  I've now made it my mission to become a bigger drain on the European economy than Greece.The internet radio stations were a nice touch.  It really topped of the atmosphere of the game, and taught me how to pronounce the funny made-up words they put in the game like Poznań and Szczecin.10/10"
,Recommended,227300,13781138,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,theredpwny,"It's hard to say what makes this game enjoyable, but somehow, it really is. It's infectious. You can dominate your delivery objectives, and you'll love it. You can fail your objectives miserably, and you'll love it. You drive, and it's great. Buy it."
,Recommended,227300,7998152,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Lewis,"I actually really like this game. Always been into SCS's games, And this is by far their best yet. Great graphics, Wide variety of content, great customisation options. Has everything you need in a Truck Simulator!Easyily an 9/10 for me, Can spends loads of time on it yet you still enjoy it."
,Recommended,227300,13408982,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,wade the brain mcclain,i spent a winter afternoon bundled up in a blanket delivering christmas gifts across europe listening to my own custom wintery/trucker playlistthere truly is no game out there as relaxing as ETS2
,Recommended,227300,10070385,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Pickorita,"Country roads, country radio. If you ask me its 11/10 :)"
,Recommended,227300,10205586,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,[WDM] I34S,a really nice game if you're in to trucking with lots of nice mods
76561198075962885,Recommended,227300,6810874,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,James,dddddddd
,Recommended,227300,16445608,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,<AlienZeus > W & I,Amazing game
,Recommended,227300,19832854,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Alclos,"Superb Truck simulator. Will provide you with hunderds of hours of fun.Great graphics, great trucks and much more.10/10!"
,Recommended,227300,11434585,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,½ⓘⓝⓢⓐⓝⓔ,"Y u no drive truck nao? I have no idea how i got into this game, but this game had me hooked.(Update 11/12/2014)The problem most people see in this game; is that how can it be fun driving a truck, wasting up to 5 hours a day. You seen the gameplay in youtube, twitch, steam broadcast and thinking ""Huh... okay so what""... Here's what, it is not suppose to Grand Theft Auto, there is no cops(weirdly) but there is system that keeps your driving speed and manners in check. It's not about ramming or running over an AI with your truck.This game is your getaway game if you're seriously sick of gun-shooting, exploding bodies, plane-jihading while trying to waste a good amount of time. To be honest, this is a very good way to relax yourself after rage-quitting ARMA 3/COD-whatever-warfare.Don't believe me? Try it, hook it up with a 'console' controller(at least, please!) and play up till at one point you are able to afford a garage, by then think back was it worth the money you spend. If you're still not satisfied then....Mods for this game are plenty but be aware that there are ALOT of outdated mods, with every new patch from SCS may broke some mods. Promods and realistic driving(by KacakTV) is a best way to start your journey. If you have found nirvana, and peace with this game, may i suggest you to ""ETS2MP.Play with REAL players, some purposely trying to crash onto you every corner you turn. A fine challenge to keep yourself calm and be forgiving. Get connected, join in on a convoy or organise a convoy from ETS2MP forums, have a friendly chat at the ""Official"" ETS2MP teamspeak. A fair Warning though, read the teamspeak rules thoroughly and some particular admins are very power-abusive. Another fine way to learn to keep yourself calm and cool while admin repeatedly bans you for some reasons you may never understand.Most DLCs in this game are aesthetic for Trucks, while others unlocks countries/areas for your driving pleasure. All DLCs are cheap to aquire, even cheaper while they're on sales. If you're sick of driving European trucks, There are plently american truck mods for ets2, however SCS will release an American Truck Sim sooner or later."
76561198263036198,Recommended,227300,20432947,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,76561198263036198,"Brief ReviewEuro Truck Simulator 2 from SCS Software is one of the most entertaining and polished simulation games to be released in quite a while it could run on any PC.In the game, players are tasked with managing their own shipping/transport businessPros and ConsProsClass leading trucking funImpressive visuals for a game realeased in 2012Detailed vehicle interiorsConvincing physicsGreat modding communtiyConsGame is an acquired tasteAn EndingNothing to add :)"
,Recommended,227300,18956570,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,T/B/T ᔕIᗰPLᗩYEᖇ,"Yes, this is the best truck game other than the other truck games. I used to play this on Demo version before playing the full version of this game.You can relax in your chair and press keyboards to move the truck around. But don't crash it with your own truck because this will pay your own money! For someone elses truck, you can repair it without you paying for it. You can also extend the map by buying the Scandinavia and Going East pack or you can have mods over it. And you can buy paint jobs and the High Power Cargo Pack also! I got Metallic Paint Jobs for free by creating an account onWorld Of Trucks.And again I got another paint job which is the Viking Legends Paint Jobs Pack because I bourght the Scandinavian map between May 7th 2015 - May 14th 2015. My favourite truck of all is the Iveco Strallis Hi-Way. Anyway, this simulator has very good AI (I press the Horn button when I see a Iveco truck!).There are some glitches that I found like going on roads out of bounds, cars crashing to each other while the road works block the other side and trains goes through you. Sometimes in multiplayer (fan made) or maybe a glitch, your truck can fly in the air and will 'very damage' your truck likely 100%.The DLC is really good pricing than like Train Simulator, it is affordable. If you really want to save money, you can get Metallic Paint Jobs for free, and others, wait for a discount!I really like this game, if you like trucks, buy this one! SCS, you deserve my money."
,Recommended,227300,16976380,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,HTZK,"Well, how do I put this...Let's go straight to the point.I DEFINITELY recommend this game.I've played some trucking simulator before I even had Steam... And yes, this game is marvelous.Why, you ask?- The trucks' model are well detailed (and fully licensed!)- Relaxing gameplay (even with keyboard)- Real-time radio streams across all Europe- You can even add your own songs, and change the track easily- Amazing scenery in an enormous open world- Beautiful looks- Easy to mod- Truck customization systemCons :Although this is not really annoying, but- The city layout is overall the same everywhere. It's fine though, considering the whole world itself is a minimized version of Europe- Speeding ticket (I know, it's not the game's fault lol)Sums up, if you want a fast-paced, thrilling game where you're racing with a truck, this game is not for you.But, if you want a relaxing, soothing game where you drive a damn truck, delivering cargo somewhere and enjoying the scenery with no hurry...JUST. BUY. IT. It's wortheverypenny.Verdict :9.5/10 would buyAnd one more positive thing.Scania.Addition : The DLCs are pretty good too, especially the Essentials bundle!"
,Recommended,227300,9809146,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Kotka,Got boring after the “Trucks of Peace” DLC.Still an alright game.
,Recommended,227300,11954459,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,hashamkiani,"You know a driving simulator is good when it makes you stop at a red light and have you following the speed limit so that you don't damage the cargo. I have been playing this game for a long time, on and 'off' steam and i cannot get enough of it. It also helps that this game has great community that is constantly developing new trucks, routes, cargo packs etc. which make sure that you don't get bored with it very easily. if you are into simulators this is a must have and is worth every penny of its asking price (i bought it on sale BTW).Like all other games it has its weak points like you not being able to see the trucks and drivers you hire like you could in 18WoS and absolutely no interaction with other trucks on the road. But all in all an excellent game that i will play for many many more hours."
,Recommended,227300,11145513,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Stoli,It's kind of like dust II but different.
76561198161126172,Recommended,227300,14744773,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Kiwimike,"Very addictive, great graphics, build a business while cruising the roads of Europe"
,Recommended,227300,16391146,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Wapsie,"10/10 Will spend there money on this game.Haven't played for months, starts up again, gets addicted again."
,Recommended,227300,14660055,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Spike,This game is awesome cant stop playing it and it an even more fun game with truckers mp.
,Recommended,227300,21088313,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Armin Only,I have a perfect playlist and I played many hours for this. It's addictive
76561198113959399,Recommended,227300,17752332,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,๖ۣۜScrumpy,How I would sum up this game.checks job marketgets the job were I deliver 21 tonnes of beef though berlinugh oh I ran a red light *gets fined 250 euros*ok i'm on the highway concentrate on the road bobby wigglebottom(my dudes name).ugh oh I hit a guys car *gets fined 400 euros*''hold on why is my car freaking out...MY FUEL!''yay I found a petrol station across the road.pays 487 euros for fuel.''well thats 400 odd euros on the fire pit''-meback on the highway now.dudes yauning''what the hell was that?''oh no hes tired.Hang in there mate I found a rest stop.*sleeping inteseifies*''right back in the truck''*gets mail*''now what''''ok he's expecting delivery soon''''I ran another red light'' *gets fined 250 euros**starts raining*''ohhh *badword*''''almost there''*engine malfunction*''oh its a bad one''*calls help*''ok we should be fine''*truck still broken*''are you kidding me!''*cant start truck*''no my gate is a fraction of a millimeter away NOOOOOOO!''*quits game**goes to euro truck simulator profile**deleted profile*''rip bobby wigglebottom 2015-40 minuites of gameplay(got deleted)''''he was a terrible driver anyway''-mebut really buy the game now it's better then the first one.
,Recommended,227300,14648236,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,989,"Employees returning emptyThis is something of a grey area to me when I read guides, on the best approach to training them. I haven't found any clear info on this, so best I can do is common sense.Obviously the 'Long Distance' skill is important near the start to open up more jobs. And of course training at least 1 in the other skills early on, except for 'Eco Driving' can wait. The problem is return trips. There is never a problem to find outgoing trips... but for the driver to find trips back to their 'home' which they always return, seems to be 50/50.My few drivers I have are not high enough level so I can't confirm anything, but this is my idea. If a driver was trained with a couple points in 'Long Distance', at least 1 point in the other categories to unlock them, and concentrate on maxing out 'ADR', that should technically open up the most jobs for the return trip? 'Long Distance' technically only effects the 'outgoing' trips, so should have no effect on finding a job for the return trip, which is why I would suggest 'ADR' to be maxed after other job opportunites are unlocked.TLDR;Hired Drivers: Long Distance 2, rest of skills 1 to unlock, rest ADR to maximize chance of finding job on return trip?Anyone with drivers with high enough skills, do you still have trouble with them returning empty?*edit... This is all based on my assumption that they only try and locate a job within the current town they are in. If they do not find one there, they simply return empty."
76561198122473180,Recommended,227300,13156899,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Niko Sanchez,I love this game. It's one of the best simulators out there. I enjoy playing the game and I think anyone into trucks or simply simulators would love this game as well.
,Recommended,227300,10265209,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Deathstar,"In a world where we easily get bored by explosions, racing, gunfights, space, magic, dragons and pirates, you sometimes need a friendly reminder of what life is really all about. In Euro Truck Simulator 2, you are not a hero. You do not posess superpowers and neither will you make much of an impact on the world around you. All you are is a guy (or gal if you're into that). Norman Nomal, John Doe, Mister Smith. You have a full-time job and plenty of bills to pay, yet you long for a little bit of luxury. But, this is real life and there are no quests, no bosses to slay for loot, no hidden treasure to unearth - there is only good and honest work.You are a truck driver, nothing more. Plus, you're only at the start of your carreer, no money, no truck. To change this, you can either sign up as a driver for other companies and earn a little cash, or skip that bother alltogether and take a loan to kickstart your own small enterprise. With your very own, somewhat customisable truck (visually and performance-wise) you can start raking in some real cash by transporting various goods all across Central Europe. From the meadows of Paris to Warsaw, from Edinburgh to Vienna, you can drive whereever your assignments will take you, all without loading-screens. The roads and landscapes are inspired by reality, though significantly scaled down and simplified. A drive from the most northern part of the map all the way down south would take you anywhere between 40 minutes and an hour.In addition to making all the hauls yourself, you can hire more drivers to work for you, if you can supply them with vehicles. They will then automatically do their routes and get you a nice, daily income. Spend the money you make on upgrades for your truck, your garage or on more drivers. There is even a rudimentary skill-system that will allow you to unlock additional missions, like long-range hauls or high-value freight.The graphics are actually quite pretty, especially when considering what you usually get with one of these simulator-types. Complexity is where ETS2 suffers, the missions are always the same (transport cargo X from A to B), other than upgrading your truck there really isn't anything to spend your money on and the whole freight-business aspect is very shallow. The latter is especially unfortunate, seeing that going the step from lone-wolf diver to business magnate might have been a pretty cool experience, upgrading your entire fleet, setting up convoys and signing contracts for long-term partnerships. None of that is possible and at the end of the day, it will always be you doing all the work - drive, sleep, fill up gas, rinse and repeat. Expanding on the business-sim elements might have let ETS2 truly stand out.All that aside, though, you might find ETS2 strangely mesmerising and highly addictive, quite similarly to what Papers, Please did to me - a queer feeling that made me actually enjoy playing a game simulating work."
76561198116140023,Recommended,227300,19328996,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Kieša,Awesome game.
,Recommended,227300,4795148,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,lanky,"If driving semis around Europe is your thing, I think this game would be perfect for you."
76561198091955877,Recommended,227300,9708673,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,JR98 GAMING,"As Of The 1.11 PatchI love this game. This is the very game that got me into simulators (til I found out 90% of them is crap), If you are to buy any simulators get this. Its more than just driving around in a truck. Theres a whole management side to it with hiring drivers, buying garages, and buying trucks. It gets updates every once in a while, but they are always big updates, the traffic AI is the best of any game yet. On the minimap it tells you the speed limit of the road you are on which is helpful as speeding tickets are rather expensive. It is very realistic, the trucks feel like trucks and trailers affect the trucks performance based on the weight of the trailer, the road you are on and the damage of the truck itself. There is loads of mods you can get for this game and has a huge map, To get from the UK to the very opposite edge of the map will take a good 3 hours, and thats straight across. Even after a few hundred hours of playing, you'll find there are still roads you havent driven yet the map is so big. Graphically it is amazing, and is very well optimized, and the trucks are very well detailed. The trucks are mostly licenced, from the Scania R Series to the Volvo FH, with the only unlicenced truck being the Majestic Across (Mercedes Actros). There is a load of customization, plus there's new paint DLC's that really enhance the look of your truck. I really recommend Euro Truck Simulator 2 at full price, but this game isn't for everyone so take a look at the demo (its essentially the start of the full game) and if you like it, buy the full game. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,227300,9091331,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Bardock Obama,There is something seriously wrong with you if you don't already own this
,Recommended,227300,15856160,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Freenasy,Отличная игра для того чтобы занять время.Слушать музыку и ехать за рулем грузовика одно удовольствие.Оценка 10/10
,Recommended,227300,14110666,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,GrOCam,"Let me get this straight, I ve played many games, all kinds, some with hardcore gameplay, realistic at it's best with a learning curve who spans for years. from Tribes to Quake Team fortress, and old RPGs from Daggerfall to Witcher 2.Bought it because it was kinda cheap and I must say that Euro Truck simulator 2 is one of the most addictive and immersive games I've ever played.Not too realistic, no damage visible on car, no explosions when you're carring some petrol or acid.It's not spectacular at all, it's slow.The most important (to me) factor who contributes on fun and enjoyement is exploration, and Euro truck with or without map mods is one of the biggest open world, with nice variety very good landscapes and a sense of detail on environment, road works, trains, farms, small villages, forests, mountain trails it takes about 1 hour and a half, maybe more to cross the map from one point in Europe to the opposite. the driving model is very solid, not as complex as car sims like Asseto corsa or GTR2 but it's there, sometimes it's slipperly, your truck may collapse, you have to be aware check your rear view mirrors, incoming cars trucks, reckless cars, speed limits and so on..Everything is there, almost - turn indicators, windshield wipers, gas, repairs, day night cycle, weather effects, fatigue you can buy trucks, upgrade them. you have different jobs, with precious trailers, fast deliveries, long hauls you can also make your own company, hire drivers and you travel across many countries in Europe. and that's it.You can grab some graphic mods to enhance the experience, many mods are avaliable from traffic, to econmy mods and many maps.Exploration and real enjoyement are there, it's a different kind, the gameplay on the pad is great to with vibrations who emulates the force feed back who is usually on wheels.And to add, SCS is a great company, generous upgrades graphics maps, trucks, close information to the community I really didn't excepted such a gem, it's a refreshing change, relaxing and interesting gameplay with almost no flaws at all.Try it."
,Recommended,227300,10755400,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Arynør ➹,Now with the Multiplayer it is the best buy!
76561198062368291,Recommended,227300,14374793,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,LarcenNet. Gaming™,"Citizens of Dunwall, please accept my apologies. I was a hop, skip and a slide away from the Lord Regent's chamber when this seriously compelling lorry sim sped into my life. Suddenly, stealthy vengeance seems far less important than ensuring a load of new JCBs gets to Bratislava on time.Euro Truck Simulator 2 is that rare thing, a strong sim tethered to a strong game. Where other vehicle-obsessed devs seem to take player motivation for granted, Czech studio SCS understand that a pleasingly modelled steed needs a pleasingly modelled environment to shine.On this occasion that environment is a swathe of Europe stretching from Plymouth in the west to Wroclaw in the east, from Aberdeen in the north to Milan in the South. The tangle of motorways and major roads is stylised and condensed, but feels massive. After a splendid week of non-stop trucking the stats screen tells me I've still only seen 50% of it.There's satisfaction in exploring new routes, seeing new golden been-there-done-that squiggles appearing on the in-game map, but it tends to be the promise of cold, hard cash that gets you out of bed in the morning. Like Farming Simulator, ETS2 has a simple yet resonant economic sandbox at its centre.The only time when the game itself loses concentration is when attempting to evoke certain regions and sounds. The further you get from central Europe the less convincing the landscapes become. No one seems to have told SCS's countryside crafters that rural Britain features long green things called hedges. Cities are often depicted with the shortest of visual shorthand – a few warehouses, the odd landmark if you're lucky. Don't expect to see a favourite local roundabout, slip-road, or speed camera in this highly-recommended HGV-driver RPG."
,Recommended,227300,12324104,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Jony-,"PRO:+ ETS2MP to play ONLINE+ This game is extremely relaxing+ Beautiful environments, great graphics+ Awesome Trucks+ Steam Achievements+ You have Profile with Level and money, manange lot of new stuffCONTRA:- Loosing save game after you reinstall OSCONCLUSION:A surprising truly well-done simulation that puts you behind a truck letting you enjoy discovering and exploring Europe."
,Recommended,227300,13017699,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Heavy The Squid,"Awesome Simulator Game i hope this Simulator gets more DLCs like the Scandinavia DLC with Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland :D"
,Recommended,227300,11470864,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Niall,"What can be said about trucking that hasn't been said a hundred times before. As my cousin would say, it's one of the greatest and most self-rewarding acts any human can undergo. Long winding roads, the ease of the motorway, getting a scratch on your first truck, the missed deadlines. Every town you visit is a new playground, a maze to navigate, corners to perfectly turn through. While it may seem a daunting and lonely career, the road and the radio will comfort you on the countless journeys through the boroughs of the countryside, the rises in terrain and the beat of the music are truly the greatest pleasures. I couldn't think of anything I'd rather spend my time doing... other than five on five multiplayer online battle arena combat, of course."
76561198062715963,Recommended,227300,7789119,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Adams,"Great game, best simulator ever!! :)I think it should win an award because it simulates truck driving at it's best! With great graphics and gameplay."
76561198079352493,Recommended,227300,9637301,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,sgahher,i went the wrong way and crashed
,Recommended,227300,18877343,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sven,Best. Game. Ever.and the multiplayer mod is a plus :D
,Recommended,227300,17205759,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,[ATG_025] ViperOne,"I quit my flying school because of this.Euro Lorry Simulator 2yes,I'm British!"
,Recommended,227300,20712136,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,NeverGiveAPP#RΛMSΣS#85#,Nice simulator!
,Recommended,227300,20113577,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Manager of Football,"Bought this game as a joke, but actually became addicted to it.10/10"
,Recommended,227300,20381115,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,The Chalkster,"When you first come across this game you like the look of it ""it's so realistic"" you will say ""but my family and friends will shun me"" you will think.Ignore your brain go with your inner geek you will not regret it!Never before gave I known such a helpful and friendly community. The game isn't perfect but you won't care, it's excellent and is being improved all the time. I'm now a member of a virtual trucking company and been given a managerial role. I'm loving the game and do not plan on stopping any time soon!Happy Trucking!!"
76561198069625125,Recommended,227300,27396902,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mando | MET,Great game
76561198124071310,Recommended,227300,25378746,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Dmitriy BY-4,No comments !
,Recommended,227300,23485978,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,GoldTooth,"The game really was a recommendation from the youtuber NerdCubed and when i first bought it, I had my doubts. But i really did find it a relaxing game to just sit back and relax and play it while was enjoying my evening with a cup of tea by my side or even a can of soda. To run a company and just have fun. Great game overall"
,Recommended,227300,28699961,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jersey NiGHTS,"Why am I playng this game? I see that this game got a positive rating and decided to buy it. I mean all you do is haul cargo from Point A to Point B. No spectacular storyline. No final boss or anything. But for some reason I keep going back to it like it's a drug. Like I'm seriously addicted to it. The mod community is massive and they keep adding new things whether it is accessories or traffic or maps, among other things. Plus the streaming radio is awesome and they have alot of radio stations from all over Europe. Crusing down Germany while listening to 80's hits is something of a guilty pleasure. I recommend playing this game with mods especially Promods. That map mod makes the world better than the vanilla map. I noticed a HUGE difference in cities like Frankfurt, Germany for example. Seeing the Airport replicated perfectly is awesome (especially since I been to that Airport alot of times when I was stationed in Germany for the US Army). The vanilla map doesn't have those details yet (they might one day).  All and all play this game and you'll see what I mean. Oh yeah this game even has mutiplayer. But watch out though, those players love being trolls either smashing into you or driving over 150km an hour like it's a rocket or something or blocking lanes."
,Recommended,227300,13445035,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SmoothPie,veri gud
,Recommended,227300,10075922,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,AsianFro4,Such a fun simulator. So relaxing if you need a game to just chill. This is the game that you can spend a couple hours listining to music on your radio in game driving around Europe looking at all the beautiful scenary. Plus with the multiplayer mod coming out you can have some fun with friends!
,Recommended,227300,9194181,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Atrum Regina,I will make it quick .... relaxing game. You can relax driving your truck across Europe while you are listening your favorite music. :)
,Recommended,227300,13601705,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Apex Assault,"""Ididwant to go to bed early honey, but I accidentally launched ETS2..."" - me, tomorrow morning.10/10"
,Recommended,227300,8046654,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,IwaynI,"This simulator far out performs better than most  sims ive encountered,This game does have  negatives as all games do.Firstly this sim is lacking good physics on a + side there are  mods that can  give you awesome physics.With the Going East DLC we can use our fully Eco drive to cross a continent on 1 tank of fuel.Graphics since the patch and DLC have immensly improved cities to a point where a recognized landmark or 2 can now be seen,There is still a little - on this as weather mods are a good addition as the game weather graphics are nothing short of poor.The new Volvo is a big + addition as  i feel im in a truck not a train again this goes down to a previous - on physics.Traffic can be a issue in this game but again a mod and again its fineand vehicles AI respond better -----------------ALL things ive spoke about are easily bettered by simple mods--------So me personally give this game 6/10 game score 9/10 with mods so my overall opinion is get out there and by this game it is worth it and if the  MULTIPLAYER mod comes good well it will be a instant 10/10. ""go for it"" Happy Trucking Good neighbours."
,Recommended,227300,16614896,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ZealotOnPC,"If you've ever wanted to drive a truck in the safety of your own living room, well, this is the best way to do it."
,Recommended,227300,9789885,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,ChrisVegamelo,One of the best simulator game
,Recommended,227300,10572433,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Phadellic -CK-,hodor
76561198034548301,Recommended,227300,7996018,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,bogdan_vre,Very relaxing game. Fire up the radio or a podcast in the backgorund and truck away!
,Recommended,227300,1072106,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Winters,"This game delivers lots and lots of hours of playtime and will keep you busy for a long time. Though, this game is not made for people who don't enjoy playing games for hours and hours straight, since it will take you some time to get your company up and running. Overall, this is probably the best simulation game that I've played in years. Totally worth your money if you want a simulator in combination with a timekiller."
,Recommended,227300,13190928,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Nightwater,"Goodness these SCS simulators really give ""Time is flying by"" a whole new meaning. I have played these trucking games since 18 WOS first came out to market. I was hooked ever since. I would kill the sound for the game and just listen to my iTunes play. It served my in game radio. The game is so immersive, after a period of playing I would notice hours have passed by. Then I would say ""one last load"" and after that ""eh, one more wouldn't hurt"".ETS 2 is a good step away from the American trucking scene for awhile, while the new simulator is in development. Learning some of the roads in the game and seeing the large maps. The DLC, the skin packs, the truck add-ons, everything that keeps me coming back for more.The career driving is still great with some added features. I did not play the first one so I do not know if they were in there. However you can now add skills to your driver that will make your earnings rise. You can have garages to hire drivers and station them in a town/city. It just goes to show that while you are grinding away, load after load, there is still something to work for. I recommend not playing with any money mods as that may take away some of the fun of looking forward to your next purchases. Currently I have just 2 drivers but I am working very hard for more. It feels really rewarding knowing that I trucked those miles so that I could buy more trucks, more garages and grow my company. I recommend you play this game and forget about your clock because time will certainly pass you by."
,Recommended,227300,15064597,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Deus Ecks,Gabba gabba hey gabba gabba hey hey I'm a big fat trucker in germany.
76561198042294827,Recommended,227300,11550356,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Castus Crios,"I adore this game as a break from other games. Its combination of challenge, economic sandbox qualities, and epic vistas makes for an excellent experience. Often paired with your favorite music via the ingame music player ets2 is a fine game that for the right person can be a great investment"
,Recommended,227300,10001641,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,makomae,A++
76561198140097409,Recommended,227300,24811648,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,MikeD,"Amazing simulator, hours of fun. Best experienced with a decent wheel. Free Multiplayer mod to play with friends :D"
76561198108092454,Recommended,227300,7760782,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,MrBonev,"One of the best simulators, let alone games, that I have ever played. It is not a dull, mindnumbing game and is more of a game than any other sim out there. I have spent countless hours driving my truck around real countries and cities. With it's new websiteworldoftrucks.comand it's amazing DLC, this game is a GREAT buy!"
,Recommended,227300,11210963,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,JMANG98,"Its a lot of fun, especially with the multiplayer mod. It has lots of mods available, and is constantly being updated with newer greater patches."
,Recommended,227300,9952103,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Freshness,"Absolutely a great game! Excellent for relaxing and driving! I love it!The graphics are great, the trucks are sexy and the driving is pure pleasure."
,Recommended,227300,8797338,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Ash-Ole,One of the best games i have ever played!Must get this game as soon as you get the chance!Developers always listens to its supporters.
76561198047283163,Recommended,227300,8594494,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,FarringtonEmpire,"Euro Truck Simulator is a delightuly specific Sim. If you are a true geek like myself and find solace and relaxation in driving cargo from one city to another, then you will delight in ETS2.Along with the extensive mod list, this game is infinately customizable, however, I highly suggest getting the ""Realistic Physics"" mod and enjoying the new and improved Hydraulic suspension.I'll be having some video reviews of the game up on YouTube soon if you would like to check it out!www.youtube.com/officialfarem"
,Recommended,227300,14952847,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Meckus,"Going to be as honest as I can here.I've always wanted to drive a truck. I'd love to drive a truck. I don't even own a driver's license. So I can't drive a truck. Or a car. I'm not allowed to. Unless, of course, it's a pixeled truck.Guess what, ETS2 has pixeled trucks! Lucky me!Despite not having played ETS2, considering my gametime, I realised this game deserves a (extremely) positive review.It's just not possible to not like driving a truck around ETS2's roads, honking at lazy drivers, getting some speeding fines and even the occasional bump. From driving over the edge, while trying to deliver your cargo in time, to having to park the truck to get that extra XP, ETS2 has it all. You can even set your own playlist for the radio, with your own songs! Hell, I can't listen to some musics now without linking them to the game straight away.The truck design is incredibly good, and it's actually a thrill to drive (and mess around) in 1st person mode. Every truck is a different truck. From the noise they make to their acceleration, and it's easy to tell.It's a relaxing game, which I'll end up spending hours on. You'll even say: ""Hell, just one more delivery."", and when you noticed, you've done 10 more, and ""wasted"" a day.I recommend this game to anyone that just wants to have a good time.PS. I don't recommend going max speed on a curve. Really."
,Recommended,227300,13472123,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Asteroid,"Very relaxing. You just drive a big♥♥♥♥♥truck, listen to some Chopin (or anything else classical) and forget everything. Magical."
,Recommended,227300,15110463,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,El Risitas,"I bought this game half a year ago, guess what, I'm still playing it.I was a bit sceptical at first when I bought it, a friend of mine convinced me to get it, told me it's a great game and all, and I was like ""it's just a trucking game lol"". Oh boy. I have never been so wrong...This is more then a trucking game. It's like Therapy. This game is so relaxing, it's just amazing.If you got bored of it, go get some mods, new mods always bring a fresh new experience to the game. Got a long distance job? Turn on some music, and enjoy the road.This game goes on sale often, for 50% off and more. I highly recomend getting this game for people who love driving games."
,Recommended,227300,23653892,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,SerialTranny,I have no idea how I own this ( ͡° ᴥ ͡° )
,Recommended,227300,9825803,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,[PM] KubaJAM,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a genuinely surprising game.If you want to just get to the hard facts of the review, scroll down a bit.After playing the demo of the original Euro Truck Simulator over a year ago now, I was very satisfied with what I saw. However, I later went on to try the demo of ETS 2, and have never looked back since. Don't be fooled by my mere 48 hours (at the time of writing) game time; I owned the game for ages before buying it with the DLC through Steam on discount. When I first started playing, the game was v1.2.5.1, which had the attraction of a newly aqcuired DAF license. You have to bear in mind that SCS used to be (and still sort of is) a tiny company, which didn't have the most outrageous budget to create a game.That is why Euro Truck Simulator 2 is even more remarkable; from producing a mediocre game (harsh but true in terms of graphics, physics and sounds) in ETS 1, SCS has worked its proverbials off to deliver a game that has been improved and added to in literally every aspect. Since its 'birth' 18 months ago, ETS 2 has grown a gigantic amount. When it was released, there was only a license for MAN, Renault and Scania trucks. After the DAF license of 1.2.5, 1.3.1 saw the aquisition of IVECO and Volvo licenses, 1.4.1 saw the introduction of the IVECO Stralis Hi-Way, 1.7 saw a new Volvo implemented, likewise 1.8 a new Scania. 1.9 completely re-wrote the AI. ETS 2 has grown a huge amount, adding detail updates like fuel economy, adaptive automatic transmission, the list goes on.Amazingly, all these crucial updates have come in just over a year after release, meaning they happen quite regularly, more than can be said for most games. Like Mendeleev's Periodic Table, SCS knew that gaps would be left by them when they made the game, so they also made the game easily moddable. Thousands of mods have been distributed on great sites, like the one second from top after you type 'ETS 2' into google, so players can easily choose what they want to make their game suited to them. I currently run around 40 mods, from everything such as real logos for AI cars to more realistic weather.So what's it like to actually get behind the wheel?Gameplay:- There's no denying that the concept of ETS 2 is boring to an awful lot of people; You find a job, drive to it on your satnav, pick up a trailer of some yoghurt or organic logs, drive a thousand miles, park up awkwardly and recieve a seemingly small paycheck for your hard work. However, by following the ""If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen"" proverb, if you don't like truck driving, don't buy a truck driving game!- However, you don't neccesarily have to enjoy truck driving or be an ex-trucker to like this game, although a lot of players are. ETS 2 has been designed with at least some thought of enjoyment to players; with many customisation options for your truck, trucks to buy, sights to see etcetera. Generally though, you can't avoid the sole purpose of the game for too long, as you will get bored of the customisation very quickly and some customisation mods will crash your game. However, some are genuinely a nice touch. Also, you do sort of have to drive to see the sights anyway.- ETS 2 offers a large map area to explore, the default stretching from Aberdeen in Scotland down to Vienna (Wien) in Austria. You can buy the Eastern Expansion DLC, which I highly recommend, letting you explore a whole lot more of Poland and Hungary/ Czech Republic (In my opinion, they could have expanded the latters slighly more for the £9.99 price tag). I also run a well-known map mod which I don't care to name but let's it works with the ""quality not quantity"" idea ;)- The timing in ETS 2 allows day/ night cycles to pass quickly; a minute in game is about 3 real life seconds. This means you don't actually have to drive a thousand miles, as the scale is shortened too; a mile takes just a couple of seconds to cover at full pelt. (90km/h or 55mph)- The detail in ETS 2, such as fuel consupmtion, fuel tank, headlights, indicators, hazard warning lights, and the like, really adds to the realism.Trucks:- Truck physics are 1 billion times better than the first game and actually feel right, although I've never driven one in real life- Huge variety to choose from when you take mods into account. Most people who play (40%) tend to drive a Scania mostly but I'm a Volvo guy myself. Engine choices aplenty.- Truck engine sounds are to my taste but some say they are too quiet or wrong. Again, mods fix this.Menus and discoveries:- ETS 2 has a single-screen interface from where you can easily manage your trucks, garages, drivers, buy trucks online or in dealers, change you settings, configure your controller, free drive across Europe, etcetera.- You can get jobs in new cities by driving into them and discovering them, you can also access the city's truck dealer and recruitment agency, but you can also do this 'online'.Environment:- Graphics are very good inside the truck and of the truck exterior but lack somewhat on AI cars and distant landscapes. Generaly higher than most simulators though.- AI re-write as of 1.9 claims to have improved the God-awful previous AI a lot, but some areas I still think could be improved. However this could be due to my running of complicated map mods.- In-game trailers and companies are incredibly dull, not that many default colour schemes or loads, no oversized or heavy trailers (ignore what the game says). You will want to install trailer mods as soon as you can.Education:- You learn a surprising amount about European geography as well as trucks from this game!Lasting Appeal:- If you can get into the mindset of the owner of an enterprising truck company, the appeal is already there for you: Buying trucks, upgrading them, earning money, garages all across Europe, cities to discover, drivers to hire and fire.- However, if you don't think you will like driving lots of things a long way, then no, it isn't. My advice is to then buy the game on a £5-£10 deal, or $12 deal on Steam, then you can't really be disappointed.Verdict:- Good things- Big map- A must for truck lovers and drivers- Lots of things to do- Detail- Regular updates with actually useful content- Never known a game quite so moddable- Not-so-good things:- Hard to control with keyboard, reccomend at least an Xbox Controller, however not worth disreguarding if you don't      have one- Useless content in terms of trailers and companies without a couple of decent mods- Customisation of truck gets boring quickly- Can be repetitive in some casesOverall:Gameplay: 8/10Trucks: 9/10Menu accessibility: 10/10Environment details: 5/10Driving feel: 10/10Value for money: 8/10Map: 8/10Mods: 10/10How many bugs and glitches?: 2/10Final Score:8.5---10UPDATE: 26/11/14Now it's been more than two years since the release of ETS 2, and I'm still enjoying the game hugely with over 250 steam-hours of play. I have discovered the Multi-player mod, and, whether you like it or not, it definitely adds something to the game. The latest update (1.14) added the Euro 6 DAF XF to the game, and a Scandinavia DLC is imminent. I even feel I was a bit harsh about my earlier score, so I can now safely give ETS 2 a;9---10due to the continued expansion of the game and the fact I still enjoy it!"
76561198009876616,Recommended,227300,33164455,Posted: 2 July,all,Iron Beagle,"I bought this game during the Steam Summer Sale because of the price. I was also going on a review written by PC Gamer. I already seem to live in my car, so why would I want to simulate driving, but I figured I would give it a shot. I was pleasantly surprised by the levels of depth to this game.The game begins with you choosing a ""Head Quarters"" in a city somewhere in Europe. You then can only take quick jobs, in which you are only a driver hired to make a delivery from one city to another, with the hiring company paying for all fuel, tolls, ferry crossings, and damage to the rig (I'm not going to outright say that I flipped a rig during a delivery, but if I did, it would have been pretty funny). As you drive you gain experience points (XP) which you can use to upgrade your driving level (ADR certifications, longer hauls, higher value cargo, fragile cargo, urgent deliveries, and eco-driving). Each of these upgrades allows for higher value hauls that will also come with more experience points.Eventually you can earn enough money or take loans from the bank to buy your own rig. There are many truck companies from which to buy a truck: Mercedez-Benz, Volvo, and Renault are just a few. Once you have your own rig, you can make the real money. You can then use that money to upgrade your HQ, buy more rigs, hire more drivers (NPC), and buy more garages. Once you have a big enough empire, you can use your own equipment to make ""World of Trucks"" delivery contracts which can be stored on your profile and seen by other players.I really enjoyed the feel of driving while in the cab. Just make sure that you play around with the controls and the sensitivity of them. The reason that I flipped the truck (WHOOPS, I wasn't going to admit that), was that I was using the keyboard and mouse to drive, and the sensitivity was set too high for the mouse. If I barely touched the mouse the steering wheel shifted violently to one side. This meant that at high speeds, I could really do some damage with that truck without meaning to do it. Once I dialed in the sensitivity, I had a much more pleasant experience, and the driving became easier.There are many facets of the game that you may not think about until you are playing. The game allows for newbies to really get their feet wet before throwing you into the deep end, especially if you have never driven anything close to a tractor-trailer before. For example, when you get to the delivery site and you need to park the cargo in a specific spot, the game will give you a choice of parking it for you (for no extra XP), setting up the park for you so all you have to do is move it a bit (minimum extra XP), or having you do it all (maximum extra XP).To top it all off, there is a crap-ton of DLC for modifying and customizing everything about your rig, especially the paint job. I personally am not big on that kind of personalization, but it does make other players hard sometimes; so, to each his own.The graphics are good (you are not really paying attention to them while driving), the European geography really gets beaten into your brain (I know all about the endless toll roads in France), and you just find yourself saying, ""Yeah, I can make one more run before bed!"""
,Recommended,227300,13997851,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Kamishiroす,"İyi Ve Büyük Bütçeli Bir Oyun.Grafikleri Beni Etkiledi Doğrusu,hemde Fazla İyi Bir Donanımada Gerekyok Oynamak İçin Herkeze Tavsiye Ediyorum Oyunu."
76561198110769167,Recommended,227300,15318290,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Leftyizme,"First off, I highly recommend this game. Provided you also get he following DLC, High Power Cargo Pack and Going East Expansion. The first adds new cargo and trailers that are both more rewarding and heavier than the original cargo variety. The second adds a large new section of map to drive, and many more cities and countries. Both are well worth the added cost. The other DLC's available consists of custom paint jobs. They add nothing to the gameplay, but you can buy those if you like them.About the game;You are a truck driver in Europe. You select what city you want to base your future company in, and start out working for companies delivering cargo with their trucks. You gain experience with each load that is safely delivered without doing too much damage. You can choose to buy your own truck as soon as you save enough money, or by getting a loan from the bank. If you own your own truck, you can upgrade or customize it however you choose (once you obtain the experience levels to unlock the upgrades wanted). You earn more money if you own your truck vs. driving a company's truck. As you get more money and discover various cities, you can buy additional garages and hire drivers to work for you... increasing your income. You will have to buy a truck for each new driver, and upgrade your garages to gain space for more drivers.  Garages come in 2 sizes. Small has space for 3 drivers and costs $180,000  A small garage can be upgraded to a large garage for an additional $100,000. A large garage also has a fuel pump for your benefit.While the game is a good game, it is not without certain shortcomings.First, There are many features that SCS had the code for from prior releases in the series that could have been included but were not. In Hard Trucks wipers had 2 speeds, now they only have 1. In Extreme Trucking, you had a variety of weather and road conditions, from ice and snow, to dirt roads and steep terrain. Here, the weather is very simple... it is either not raining, or its raining. Roads are all paved and quite uneventful. Hills are gradual, and the roads are formed from a set pattern of road sections that have been copied and repeated over and over.Another omission is that much of the available upgrades do absolutely nothing.  Most trucks offer 3 different truck cabs. A standard cab w/ no sleeper, a standard cab w/ sleeper, and a larger cab with a bigger sleeper. None of the cabs affect the trucks fuel economy, handling, or performance. The addition of a sleeper does not enable you to rest anywhere that a non-sleeper truck can. It's all purely cosmetic. Same for the transmissions. Al trucks come with a 12 speed transmission regardless of engine. Upgrading to the other 12 speed transmission does nothing for the performance or fuel economy. Tires are another thing, no matter what tires you choose, the handling, performance, fuel economy and wear are the same. All pure cosmetics. Adding a front bumper or guard does nothing to increase the durability of the truck. the AI traffic pays no attention to the existance of the roof mounted safety strobe lamps, nor is there and aerodynamic penalty for the wind drag from a roof mounted light bar full of lights and horns. Horns are ignored by traffic as well. Both horns and roof safety strobe lamps are purely there for cosmetics.The AI traffic has it's own issues. They will change lanes suddenly, stop suddenly, crash into you, and cause traffic jams lasting over an hour. They also are prone to hauling♥♥♥♥♥.. I've been running 102 mph and been passed and couldn't keep up with traffic cars before in 50 mph zones.A big issue relates to the drivers you hire and the trucks they drive. It does not make one bit of difference if you buy the cheapest truck you can get (a $97,000 Man for example), or buy the most tricked out, most powerful, most expensive truck (A fully decked out Scania or Volvo costing $275,000+)... you earn the same. Upgrading their trucks does not speed them up, enable them to haul heavier loads, or make them happy... It doesn't do anything. Save your money and give each driver hte cheapest basic truck you can buy. You also cannot see the other trucks on the road, nor in the garages, ever. They only exist as a small thumbnail picture in the manager section.Things I'd like to see in future updates:More weather types... Snow and Ice, hail, fog, etc...More variety in roads, Steep hills and switchbacks, narrow roads with high dropoffs and no guardrails. Dirt, gravel and pothole filled bumpy roads. Roads with deep ruts.Functional tires that have varying grip depending on terrain and weather. Make better tires last longer or have better traction than cheap tires.Adjust the engine outputs and trailer load weights so that pulling a 55,000lb trailer with the entry level engine is nearly impossible... making having a more powerful engine something you both need and desire. Adjust fuel economy so that the more powerful the engine, the worse your mileage (currently, there is no difference)Make upgrading trucks for your driver have a benefit.Make traffic AI react to safety hazard strobes (stay back a safe distance, give way when turning, etc...) as well as move over when possible if you blow the horn at them.Make truck cab differences matter. If no sleeper, you stay only in a Hotel or at your upgraded garage. If a small sleeper, you can rest at gas stations and rest areas, but you have to rest longer to get a full 11 hrs driving time. If you have the large sleeper, you rest better, so you don't have to rest as long to get fully rested.Add additional transmissions to different trucks. Some trucks have 10 speeds, some have 18 speeds.."
,Recommended,227300,23842752,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[M] Happy Slav,"This game looks good and plays good. Its easy to run and on max settings it looks amazing. Devs keep updating it and there is downloadable Multiplayer for this game, MP is more fun but there are some trolls and people who crash into you on purpose but they get dealt with soon enough. The Singleplayer version is very good and stable no FPS drops at all. By a longshot this game is the best of its kind. Economy is realistic and you can hire drivers to make money for you.I give this game 9/10. Its a must have if you like realistic games."
,Recommended,227300,34455061,Posted: 24 August,all,amri.style,"I Have 2 Garages Before, Now It's start from level I again in Steam :D Very Addicted Game!!"
,Recommended,227300,22879419,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Rodinhas,"One of the most entertaining simulators I ever tried.Gives a very good and calm driving experience and realistic phisics except for the truck damage that basically doesn't exist on the body of the truck, if you hit a car or a fence it only wrecks the engine % nothing more.But in general a very good game!The DLCs are very valuable and interesting and have very good prices for the extras they give you."
,Recommended,227300,22893554,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Eyyy Haaa,"Game Score: 8/10*Scania, Volvo, Mercedes... you name it, they have it.Euro Truck Sim 2 is one of those games that you can sit back and relax while driving at the country side. The physics mechanics of the game works great, after all it's a simulator game. Europe is huge, with the map expansion DLC the map is larger than ever. Did i not mention that the game has tons of mods to play with and the most enjoyable ones would be the multiplayer mod where it allowed you to continue your gameplay as per normal just that there will be thousands of online players in the map which adds on to the challenge.All in all, a great truck simulator game but i am sure many would like to see that the trucks could have more detailed collision damage, for instance the wheel can get puncture or the suspension could get broken through collision."
,Recommended,227300,26045523,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Pesoen [XSQN] Farmskins.com,"this game is not really much of a game, but more a simulator(obviously) but it can be rather entertaining as well. if you want to know how it feels to be a truck driver, but on a smaller scale, this is perfect for you. the mods make it a game that will likely last for years, or at the very least months if you enjoy it. and it allows you to make a your own shipping company once you have enough money, meaning you can manage trucks for your drivers, hire more drivers, and overall manage the shipping company rahter easily.this game is best played with a wheel, i personally use a G27, but used to use a G25 for playing, but it is up to you which wheel you want to play it with, or even if you want to go keyboard/mouse."
76561198080006893,Recommended,227300,10222844,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Mushroom,"This game is great! Suprisingly addictive, and fun to play driving trucks around - though some trucks are more fun to drive than others :) I've enjoyed playing it both on the keyboard interface (takes some getting used to, but after a few crashes you get on top of the sensitivity) as well as with a steering wheel lately (full feedback, engine rumbling experience!)I think it could seriously be improved by adding achievements, putting short term goals for slowly driving every road, buying every garage, and becoming a multimillionaire (though money in this game is simply so you can buy more trucks, and keep driving).*EDITED TO ADD* Achievements have been added to the game to give you short-term and long-term goals for which I give a HUGE thumbs up to the devs for!-- BEST SIM GAME EVER --"
,Recommended,227300,25334169,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Exile,"ever wanted to just slam that♥♥♥♥♥hole for cutting you off, run that idiot over in your big rig, all jokes aside great game for killing time."
,Recommended,227300,28297497,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TwaddleTwot,br00m. br00m.
76561197984276400,Recommended,227300,1009087,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,StoppeR,"Это жееесть - минут 15 пытался груз припарковать, плюнул и нажал на ""Автоматическую парковку""=). Сложно, но интересно и необычно=). Советую."
76561198261355688,Recommended,227300,29240203,Posted: 13 January,all,Driver915,"If you like trucking and long relaxed trips,  this is the game for you"
,Recommended,227300,14405203,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,iVexusHD,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a game dedicated to experiencing the world of trucking from a first person perspective (although, it can be toggled to third person views). You are a trucker in Europe starting out on the job market, being employed by several different companies to complete jobs. As you gain money, you have enough to buy your own truck and complete jobs on the freight market, which pays out a considerable amount more than standard jobs. This then allows you to build up a company, hiring other truckers and buying garages in several different countries, completely switching roles from where you started at the beginning of the game.Overall I'd give it a 9/10, losing the 1 because I'm currently in debt and no matter how much I try to avoid it, some horrible driver always seems to manage to crash into my cargo."
,Recommended,227300,16022687,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Damien09,when i 1st lo k on this game i ask 1 of my friend..dude when driving truck could you see others player and honk each other...he said no just single player game...i said ok i just bought it gave a try...and i was amezed the graphic and real simulator style ...even playing in sp  its was great i feel not bored just feel so relaxing...some of my friend made joke i look  as a fool driving with al on road of me not playing multiplayer mod but for me its not about just a game is about hobby how u feel the game...if anyone feel sucks dont had multi well you just dont know how to enjoy a simulator games about
,Recommended,227300,25480941,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,TeddyStyle,"Before I tried out simulators I had a very bad opinion about them. But since I started playing this game my opinion changed. I got surprised by the fun, although it gets repetitve, that you find in these games. The game is realistic, as it should be. The map is big enough North border is North-Scotland, West-border is from Paris to Lyon, South-border is North Italy and East-border is Poland/Slovakia. If you want to expand the map you got to get DLC which is expected. The downside of this game is that the AI may need some improvement. Some traffic rules are not added to these AI. I got 2 examples:I wanted to take a short turn right, I'm supposed to go first, and the car in front of me turned to his left or my right too and he hit me and I got fined while he was wrong.I wanted to get into a lane coming from the right. The car from my left just speeds pasts me and hits me while I was turning right. Then again I was supposed to go first, maybe that one doesn't count because I was coming from a highway but anyway it shouldn't matter if I remember correctly.The biggest feature for me aside the main-game is the music feature. It is absolutely amazing. It has it's ingame music while you are in your 'lobby'. You can choose from music from your computer if you add it to the folder of ETS2/music as an .mp3 file. But the biggest surprise for me was that you can listen to the radio in this game. Although not all Belgian posts are supported, most of them are which is actually very nice. You can pick any big European radio station if you want."
,Recommended,227300,22594863,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Dosia,norm
76561198142564079,Recommended,227300,34803446,Posted: 7 September,all,Хели,"The best truck simulator ever.Anyone who likes truck and simulation should try this.Driving through the twisted roads in the countryside, listening whatever you like as well the turbine gently whispering in the cab is a cool way to chill out from a stressful day.A must-buy."
,Recommended,227300,13188602,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Swan,"This game is crazy, buy it if you have the money!Just for the record this isn't like any game you've ever played before. This simulator is like your second life where you aspire to drive trucks... You live this game, you sleep with this game on your mind, and you dream with this game... It never goes away from you, and it will always be apart of you. Trust me...In all seriousness, If you want to know what it's like to drive on the opposite side of the road, drive a truck from one country to another, back up a truck, fill up a truck, know what it's like to suffer financially with pain making dicisions, and fees you get from accidents/speeding tickets, then buy this game! Don't even think about it!"
,Recommended,227300,7989421,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,(((ARFC))) Deez,A really awesome simulation game that allows you to explore the roads of Europe and build your own logistics company. 5/10
,Recommended,227300,8930050,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Poli❤,Best. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,227300,27430562,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hunned Shots,Best simulator ever :D
76561197998715500,Recommended,227300,12797679,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Schlauch,"Echt vet.Maar echt hè.Maar ff serieus, Da's dus echt wel een vette game."
,Recommended,227300,12947950,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Coke Legs,gg
,Recommended,227300,16064585,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,daium,Îmi place foarte mult eu's bun.
76561198058479837,Recommended,227300,8049483,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,{Ѧ}GameOpinions,"Cool Truck Sim. This game has a lot of real life effect from tipping over from going to fast to receiving tickets for not obeying traffic laws to having nice real life time lighting and weather. This game is what i would call a good and mature sim. The graphics over all isn't the best but it is one of the best for a truck sim. I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to relax and make believe they are starting trucking from scratch and develope themselves into a business. You earn money by the job and you loose money from damaging the trucks and or receiving traffic tickets. If you would like to play a good single player sim, then this is probably a perfect game for you. I like it and I give it 5 STARS."
,Recommended,227300,16219006,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Mesut_ojil11,"This game is totally amazing. The graphics are fantastic. For me eveything in this game that SCS Software created are a blast! A great game to enjoy and relaxing. If you are stressed playing FPS game, why not change to this game instead. It can make yourself relaxed. Trust me! 100% Worth buying. Now im going to grab a new dlc that SCS Software released. 10/10!WOULD PLAY AGAIN UNTIL I'M OLD."
,Recommended,227300,9990445,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,SpringfieldXD45,Only a 79 metascore? This game is near perfect. I give it a 9.5/10 only because it lacked multiplayer. Now the modders have taken care of that. This is a MUST have!
76561198041760010,Recommended,227300,7875384,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,X=NitfaCe=X,playing and you do not want to stop
,Recommended,227300,17417757,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Dabamash,I've spent 82 hours playing this game.82 hours driving a pretend truck around pretend Europe.82 hours playing at someone else's day job.And you know what? I regret nothing.
,Recommended,227300,32734769,Posted: 24 June,all,twitch.tv/IonicH3art,Really Fun Game! Good for Just Chilling Out And Relaxing! The ingame Radio is also really good! Definitely Recommended to people who like driving games!
,Recommended,227300,28993889,Posted: 3 January,all,Levi,"This game is awesome and you should buy it ! Why ? In this game you can do whatever you want because the updates are more and more awesome so try this game ! The only thing i hate is that the npcs are STUPID , i lost a few hours because of them . But i recomend it !!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,227300,10564122,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,goka9696,Vroom Vroom ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227300,7842843,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Tobeh,"Huge value for money, especially with the expansion pack. Euro Truck Simulator 2 combines everything that SCS Software have learnt over the years and provides both a relaxing experience, as well as fun a progression system of unlocks and customization options that will keep you coming back for more.I would recommend this to anyone that enjoys relaxing games, as the game mainly involves driving on straight roads with pleasant scenery scrolling by. It is best to play Euro Truck Simulator 2 whilst listning to the radio, music, podcasts or talking with friends. With over 100 hours played, I feel as if I will return to the game time and time again. I am looking forward to SCS Software's upcoming games."
,Recommended,227300,10182120,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,tman0,"The appeal of this game is strange. On the surface it seems more like just ""driving trucks,"" but no, the game goes much deeper than that. This game is not about driving trucks, it's about building an empire. Either way, driving trucks in this game is still an incredible experience. Though the physics was thrown a little off in v1.9, and the traffic AI is kind of stupid, that doesn't make it any less enjoyable. This game is surprisingly relaxing and enjoyable. It's also extremely detailed: SCS Software's recreation of Europe is absolutely stunning. The countryside, that is. Cities are extremely tiny and leave a lot to be desired, but modded maps make up for a lot of that. Speaking of mods: this game is extremely moddable. There is a mapping team which has created absolutely stunning maps for anywhere from Northern Africa to Southwest France and Spain to Scandinavia and (coming soon) Iceland. The graphics (especially with anti-aliasing) leave a bit to be desired but that doesn't generally detract from the experience. Aside from anti-aliasing this is a model PC game, especially with the absolutely grand scale (an entire continent!) and capabilities of the engine. I certainly wouldn't pay full price for it, but if you can find it on sale, it's worth every penny and has almost infinite replayability."
,Recommended,227300,30132458,Posted: 23 February,all,Mini_Dave,love this game
,Recommended,227300,17385857,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,martinusEST,"ETS2 is an amazing game. The level of detail in the trucks, the beautiful (although repetitive) landscape, the game mechanics and constant updates make this game without a doubt the best trucking simulator released.The modding community is also thriving, with hundreds of truck, trailer, map and AI mods released.Also supports G27 and Oculus Rift, which combined can give an amazingly realistic simulation of driving a truck.For anyone looking for the challenge of driving a truck or for those looking for a way to relax and enjoy the road, this game is made for them."
76561198246967310,Recommended,227300,31903358,Posted: 22 May,all,ABOOD GAMERS,the best simulatore game for 8 years
,Recommended,227300,30243212,Posted: 28 February,all,Tets,Very fun for a Truck Simulatorp.s very good at improving reaction times by avoiding russian's in the multiplayer mod:]
,Recommended,227300,25057894,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ramingo,"Even though I have only 32 hours on steam in this game, I've played the game NON-steam for at least 200 hours before I got it on steam.GameplayThe gameplay of this game is very good. An open world truck driving simulator that's also fun to keep playing, and doesn't get boring after an hour or so. There are some issues with people going from one lane to the other, but I can see through that with the great stuff the game has to offer.A wide variation of jobs, trucks, places to go to and more.DLCI've only played the Going East! DLC a few times, but it's a great DLC to have if you have some extra money to put in the game. All the DLC actually make the map bigger, or give you a wider variation of what to design your truck with, without making the vanilla game stupid and boring.ModsI really like the fact you can use mods to create a more realistic game experience than the game already offers. Mods like putting real brands in the game or even a Multiplayer mod make the experience even better.InterfaceI really like the interface of the game more than any other game. It has that ""truckdriving"" look to it and it's really clean and you can find everything pretty easy in my opinion.Graphics/PerformanceI don't have the best computer in the world (far from that), but I'm still able to run the game on a stable 60 fps with graphics lowered. And with the lowered graphics, the game still looks great in my opinion. Yeah, it's much better with some extreme masterrace pc, but I'm enjoying games on low graphics for a few years now and this is one of the games to add to this list.The menu where you can choose jobs etc. is kinda laggy though. It says I have 60 fps as well, but my cursor moves like it's 15-20 fps. It's not that big of an issue since most of the time you spend in the game, is not spent in that menu but on the road.OverallI really like the game and am definitely recommending it to everyone who likes to have a truck driving experience without actually getting a truck's driving license and buying a truck in real life.Even though there are some small issues, the game is very good and fun to play (multiplayer or single player). The score I'm rewarding the game with is8.2 out of 10"
76561198048460258,Recommended,227300,25462706,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Ackara aka Leon S Kennedy,"A really good simulator that I have enjoyed alot.Love listening to the radio and just driving around with my cargo from point A to point B.Sometimes accidents happened and my paycheck went from big to not so big.But hey, ""No worries, be happy"".It became even more fun when I could afford my own truck.Paint it etc.I also love casual playing, just roleplaying for myself a bit.I dearly recommend this game.This game made me discover my weak point towards simulator games.I find them to be really enjoyable."
,Recommended,227300,26874686,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Liepa [K-REISS],"If you meet Turkish in MultiPlayer version of this game, you better start running.. Never ever i have seen worst drivers than them.."
,Recommended,227300,33759290,Posted: 23 July,all,Ｇｌｉｔｃｈ,The best game! I love this game so muchhhhhh! <3
,Recommended,227300,10480789,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,A'den,"Just a regular simulator, go from point A to point B, get your money. Then buy your own truck, customise it, and keep playing. Want your own trucking company? Sure, why not? But for me, ETS2 is great game - if played from time to time, because it can get boring. Anyway, If you want to see how does the trucker work look like, try it."
76561197992391516,Recommended,227300,16490667,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,big daddy lenin,"It lacks the feature to kill hookers, other than that it's a realistic trucking game.9/10"
,Recommended,227300,9162271,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ow55555n,"At first you will buy this to screw around. Then you do jobs to pay off your crippling debt. Then you start to do jobs for real. Then you make serious cash. Then you buy your own truck. Then you take out loans. Then you hire drivers. Soon you'll be hooked in, days have gone by, weeks, even. By now you've toured the whole of central Europe. Switzerland, France, Germany, and Great Britain are off your bucket list. Weeks, days, years, millenia later, your company is on autopilot. You have nothing to do anymore, bossman. So congratulations, you've won Euro Truck Simulator 2 and successfully become the Ron Cadillac of the European truck driving industry.11/10"
,Recommended,227300,28838043,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Elite,Fun and relaxing game.
76561197994851184,Recommended,227300,12822137,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Scott The Bot,A better love story than Twilight.
,Recommended,227300,2674806,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Shagrost,http://dokole.me/index.php/euro-truck-simulator-2/
76561198026181605,Recommended,227300,21642310,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,LuckyDog,"(EDIT - NOMINATED FOR 2016 STEAM AWARDS in the category of TEST OF TIME !!!!!)It's a great game with nearly infinite replay ability, and amazing Mods developed by its huge player/support community.  Face it! With almost 98% thumbs up, approval rating, this game has earned it.  SCS had done a great job here with ETS2, and has even improved the platform with the slowly expanding ATS spinoff.  With over 55k Positive reviews, there isn't much new to say, eh.MMO is not directly available thru the SCS game, but can be achieved through other means, though I stick to the Single Player, and couldn't be happier with the game.  Also, some players use keyboard only to play the game (poor devils), but I can't imagine getting through it without a few accessories.  I play at a desktop with the Steering Wheel & Pedals connected, Keyboard to the left side, Mouse to the right, and XBox360 Controller right next to Steering Wheel, for all of the various functions right at your fingertips.  It was all stuff I already had from playing over the years, and it works together great.  Go to You_Tube & see actual truck console rigs that some have built with working gauges, buttons, knobs, actual turn-signal stalks with multiple controls built right in - amazing - and I'm sure Expen$ive - LOL.  Some players even have headsets that IR track so that onscreen camera movements follow where the player/driver looks - amazing stuff yes, but, all too rich for my blood.  Ahhh, to have infinite disposable income - any gamers dream come true!!!Also, while you're driving down the highway, you'll want music to listen to, right?!  The game has a built in feature allowing you to listen to your own music right from your computer (boring), OR, ...Wait for it.... you can actually dial in live radio stations from around the globe.  What's more realistic than dropping off a delivery in England, Germany, etc., and listening to an actual station from that area, or that exact city?!I've played this for years, where I'll get into it intensely for a month or two, then lay-off and emersively play other stuff, then come right back to ETS2 over and over.  All of the continuously developing Mods you can easily plug into the game can make it a new & different experience every time you turn the key.This game can be as Real as you want to make it.  Like the kid (Mikey) in the old TV commercial used to say - ""Try it!  You'll like it!!""Cheers"
,Recommended,227300,17826167,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,[TSRVTC]✮ МгҤαгѵ ✮,"I'm out of words to describe the best simulator ever made, the props in the game are just outstanding, The DLC's are like giving more choclates to a kid who already has more than enough, The singleplayer is perfect for Immitiaing real life traffic flow but when you get to the Multiplayer side of ets2 It's a whole different story, Do convoys,Join VTC's,Enjoy the game with a couple of accidents on the road and LOL about. Best simulator i ever had in my Steam games library."
76561198198378707,Recommended,227300,24325583,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,igorotak,nice!
,Recommended,227300,12545400,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,JayZ,best truck sim game ever!
,Recommended,227300,12805878,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Slug Life.,Best. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,227300,19691915,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,azirus[MKD],Just one words. The best truck simulator ever.
,Recommended,227300,16901890,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,AsY,This game. I suddenly want to become a trucker. There is something so calming about this game that makes me keep coming back.
,Recommended,227300,13686855,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jorma™,Really good game if you liek to drive with trucks. I r8 8/8 m8 this is gr8.
76561198107281752,Recommended,227300,13376525,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Wolf,great game..driving perfection :P
,Recommended,227300,13370516,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,BewareTheBatDan,Probably the best Simulator ever made.Trucker Dave is a very very rich man.
76561198030049779,Recommended,227300,3974574,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,loco é poco,eai pessoal o jogo é muito bom
76561198133721387,Recommended,227300,10382739,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Bing Bong Boii,Great game love the graphics  =)
,Recommended,227300,10384871,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,tn,"Trucks! Trucking around in trucks, trucking cargo from one place to another place with your truck!This game may appear to be boring but somehow I've sunk 20 hours into it. I have the attention span of a kid full of redbull so this is a surprise.Recommended."
76561198044141266,Recommended,227300,8427716,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,slippery wet dog poop,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 from Czech developer SCS Software follows a series of previously-released truck and driving simulation games with a reworked and highly-improved engine that foremost focuses on realism, yet while also incorporating entertaining and rewarding gameplay. As most simulation games often suffer from lackluster gameplay, I was most surprised with with the game's wide variety of content in addition to the stellar gameplay and presentation.I enjoyed the game's simple introduction in how it teaches players the basics of transporting cargo from one destination to another. Even the game's control setup is highly-intuitive in how it explains the various methods such as mouse and keyboard and also the option to opt for an automatic and manual truck setup.The amount of customization options for trucks is staggering from parts like the engine and exhaust pipes to additional cosmetic tweaks such as paint jobs and placement of lights. From scenic countrysides to tunnels curving through mountain hills, driving your truck to and from each destination is always an opportunity to see more of the many included countries. The game's world is often vibrant with life from cars, buses, and trucks going about their business.The diversity of each country's landscape ensures that each trip is paired with an addictive incentive to explore every city and road in the game's world. Not only was I surprised by the varied amount of content and realistic gameplay mechanics, the game surprised me yet again with beautifully-rendered landscapes and cities. The most noteworthy aspect of the game's presentation is the highly-detailed truck exterior and interiors. The truck's dashboard interiors with dynamic speedometers and digital screens, which are even unique to each vehicle model, are some of the best I've seen in any simulation game.As someone that has always been interested in the simulation genre, I was continually surprised by the new standards set by Euro Truck Simulator 2. The developers at SCS Software have proved that the often lackluster simulation genre can be brought back to life with games that deliver both realistic and entertaining gameplay. Elements of the game's design ranging from the varied content to the customization ensure that beginner players and simulation enthusiasts will discover their desired virtual trucking experience. the majority of content is presented with the utmost polish and detail that few games are able to achieve. Put simply, Euro Truck Simulator 2 sets a new standard for the simulation genre."
,Recommended,227300,10959129,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Skrecok,"Admittedly, I picked up ETS2 for giggles. I had low expectations, as I just recalled some truck game - it had something about 18 wheels of steel in its name - that was rather dull and stuff. So I nabbed ETS2 on a sale, with the DLC.Next thing was me clocking over 120 hours on something I expected to drop like an ugly baby. And that's a driving game I actually played from inside the car, because it just felt right. Sure, I didn't go hyper-realistic and I save scum like your average politician lies on a debate, I found it refreshingly fun. Well, except the mind numbing bits but I'm a weirdo like that.The game really shines when you get your own truck or get lucky and get a monster of a Volvo in a job. And remove the speed governor. Oh, the fun of ramming headfirst into other vehicles at 150 kph! Well, that's when you load a save because you just wasted your whole damn job. Also that bit could use a visual damage model, though to be fair it's extra work that I suppose doesn't add much substance except the satisfaction that you just wrecked that peasant who didn't dive into a ditch while you were passing some slowpoke. But hey, it was fun. Now, that's a pretty bad thing - the early pacing is a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥ Alright, you actually can take a loan but that made me feel dirty because that's what contributed to the latest financial crisis scare.There's also a sort of an economic/management aspect which is sort of nice, but then not really. It's a bit like Remember Me: it's pretty neat, if only it weren't so♥♥♥♥♥♥ You basically hire some goons, buy trucks and new garages and then tell them how to level up. On one hand, it's simple and it works. But then again, your goons have the smarts of a gnat and just love returning empty from their trips, instead of pinballing between places like you can.I noticed a bunch of trucks and admittedly, now I can recognise the buggers on the road. Which makes the game sorta-kinda educational, I guess. I also like how it teaches you good driving habits, like stopping on red lights, not going into oncoming lane on highways for too long or playing nice with speed cameras (But sometimes the bloody things are placed so that you can't slow down from 150 to 70 quick enough and you get you a speeding ticket, the cheeky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s)The realism of driving, however, feels pretty neat. But that's because I grew to like driving in reality. I'm pleased with the mouse controls but then I tried to use a gamepad and boy, was that one of the most painful bits ever. I couldn't get much mileage of goddamn analog sticks - and, well, face it, while turning at slow speeds might work that way, the last thing you want during course correction is your steering wheel spazzing out. Realism also goes right there with all the annoyances - like toll booths, car repair bills and fuel bills. But hey, it's all background noise and I suppose it's justified as it's a truck sim, not GTA. It's still generous enough to let you turn the realism down a little, it can let you ignore your own rest breaks, remove the speed governor and some things like that.The AI made me cuss a bit. I know it's partly because I like to play the game after a glass of whiskey or two. Or seven. But i digress, the AI is rather special. Sometimes it's so conservative it takes ages to join traffic while you honk your horn at it, sometimes it'll try to pass a car by shoving itself right in front of a truck speeding at 150 kph with a 25-tonne load. And don't get me started on those little ♥♥♥♥♥ who just bloody treat the bits where you're supposed to turn left or right as another lane for going straight. No, bad AI! This bit is for getting off the highway, not clogging the traffic up with a stream of tossers who can't stay on the right bit of road!Admittedly though, living on the♥♥♥♥♥♥end of nowhere, I was surprised by how the map actually features some less famous landmarks. Sure, the cities and the world are compressed to what's relevant to a long-distance trucker but that's not a bad thing. I definitely can't be arsed to clock 33 hours to go from one end of Europe to another in real time in a GAME. They're not identical to real places but when you see things you've seen in real life, well, I suppose I can pat the dev team on the back.You'll notice that the review seems whingy - but that's because I wanted to point out the flaws and nobody really needs a circlejerk. I clocked over 120 hours, that's sorta telling. The rest of the game is solid; the game works smoother than most new stuff for me. The visuals are actually pretty nice. Sure, it's not eye-poppingly pretty but it looks good enough - it doesn't make you want to gouge your eyes with a spoon like many other games with ""Simulator"" in its title. The core gameplay actually works solid; you're a trucker. You deliver trailers of stuff. The game scales stuff so that you can take a bunch of routes and while it's not exciting it's definitely better than it actually sounds. The AI isn't good but you know? Screw those bellends, you can just ram those peasants out of your way if you wish. The game can give you some chuckles or deliver some serious stuff if you're into that. Besides it might be an aid for a driving test or some crap. Obviously, not an ideal one, but at least a little bit of an aid.I can't exactly put my finger on what I like in the game. Maybe it's the scenery going past the window as you drive, just minus the actual petrol bill. It's not for you if you loathe driving, but if you like trucks or don't hate driving, it can be pretty enjoyable. I'd be a bit iffy on the full price but the game has a thumbs up from me, even with a bunch of its flaws - it shows it's a rather passionate product, really, and even with a few rough ends I was actually having fun where I thought I'd be bored out of my mind. It can turn into a bit of a chore if you try to set up your shipping empire but it can be played for fun pretty damn well. Which is what matters, after all."
,Recommended,227300,7930643,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,AssumedEnemy,"This is literally the greatest bloody game I've ever played.. And it's not even a game!Euro Truck Simulator 2 really knows how to involve the 'player', and make him or her feel like they're actually driving a truck across Europe. The driving mechanics are mostly simple and easy to use, as is the management of the business, and buying/upgrading trucks and garages, hiring and firing drivers, and even receiving emails about income/outcome, making the game easy to use, whilst providing features that make it so much more realistic.Though it focuses on the roads, the atmosphere and surroundings in Euro Truck Simulator 2 are ASTONISHING! With everything from aeroplanes to hot air balloons decorating the skies, and hills, farms and wind turbines seasoning the land, it's impossible not to appreciate the beauty of the world as you go through yet another long day of work. As if this wasn't enough, the ""game"" world is HUGE, and takes literally hours to cross, as well as perpetuating the realism (after all, it is supposed to be a large chunk of Europe) this makes it much more interesting, as there are so many diverse places to see you'll just have to spend the hours it takes to see them all!The presence of things such as tiredness and reducing fuel levels make the game even more real, and can add a nice amount of tension at the right (or wrong) times. When I found myself driving in the dark in Belgium one night, and all of a sudden the word ""Drifting"" polluted my screen I was hectic! I was desperately checking my map for the nearest place I could stop to rest, while simultaneously ensuring that I'd finish the job on time if I did so. These moments really do make what may be considered a dull and boring job as exciting as it is, and can take at least a few hours for the 'player' to begin to adjust and remember to keep an eye on when they sleep and how much fuel they have.As a whole, many will see this as a 'game' in which you merely ""drive a truck"", but it's so much more than that. In a similar way to improving a character on an RPG, the expansion of your company in Euro Truck Simulator 2 is incredibly rewarding, allowing you to deliver more dangerous things or do longer jobs. These produce intense motivation in the 'player', and you'll find yourself striving to expand even when away from the ""game"".Euro Truck Simulator 2 is truly amazing, it provides endless unforgettable experiences, not all good, but none at all that you won't think back on and smile about your first day, when you held up traffic for almost 30 minutes because you got stuck on that sharp turn, seems almost like yesterday. And that's exactly what this ""game"" aims to do, to give you something you'll both enjoy and feel good about, and it not only acheives that, but goes a step further and pulls at your heartstrings.If you haven't bought this game already, why not? You will not be disappointed.10/10 - Definite Game Of The Year"
,Recommended,227300,8416397,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Huntsss,"A game most would criticize initially upon reading about it for it's simplicity and it's ability to hold someone's attention for long enough. Anyone who has played the game before however, knows this isn't the case. Euro Truck Simulator 2 brings more to the genre then the conventional simulation game. They really take the simple idea behind the game and drive it home. No pun intended.The game does a great job with the progression speed, it's slow, but not slow to the point where you find yourself bored. You gain skills over time permitting you to haul different cargo, drive longer distances, and more.After my initial skepticism, the game has since grown into one of my favorite games. No other game can quite capture the relaxing feel you have when playing ETS 2. A game where you can turn on some music and just drive to most any of Europe's most prominent cities."
76561198031304566,Recommended,227300,7833095,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Jammywolf,"Amazing game, I feel like Mighty Gandalf upon Shadowfax when I play this game. 10/10"
76561198087223865,Recommended,227300,8835142,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Claybar the Honda,"good game, real good game"
76561198017762392,Recommended,227300,7978409,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Kreations,By far best game i have played. Farken soothing n♥♥♥♥♥♥m8 gets me hard
,Recommended,227300,13803789,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,STOCKHOLM GHOST,"Actually ETS 2 is not a simulator; its just a truck driving game. In my case; the trucks' physical reactions (for instance accelerating from zero to 20 km/h with 25 tons at its back); torque and braking power etc are not realistic. Because, you know, while driving a truck, you can't make speed, you can't race.. everything is more and more difficult then driving a car. The environment, the road reflections, the AI's behaviors etc. should be improved on ETS 3. Additionally its graphic motor should be changed. (CryEngine would be superb!)Altough all of these defects, ETS 2 worths playing. You will forget everything on your mind while driving your truck!The Multiplayer system worths underlining. Instead of AI, you have the chance to drive with real players.P.S: I strongly advice everyone to use a steering wheel set while playing the game."
76561198116492961,Recommended,227300,13539050,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tarfun,"As someone who isn't particularly interested in trucks or cars, i thought that i was going to regret this impulse buy... Yet the sheer amount of fun you get from driving within the speed limit, and on the correct side of the road, far surpasses any mad driving rampages of the GTA franchise.Whenever i lose a good run on a rogue like game, or just if i am feeling in the mood for something different to any other game, i just boot up Euro Truck Sim and take a truck from Glasgow to London... Because believe me, after being fined a ton, there is nothing better than being overtaken by a sports car around a corner, and watching said car crash into oncoming traffic; impatience killed the cat, or near enough16/10 Km in miles."
,Recommended,227300,12501411,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,True blue x91x,great game and user friendly
76561198029567924,Recommended,227300,13456511,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Saints,i cant believe i never knew about this masterpiece
,Recommended,227300,10640847,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Poring,Good game it's like I'm really driving a truck 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,227300,17756577,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,RedFox,This game is very interesting :) and the best truck simulator game
,Recommended,227300,18274571,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,[Cabul Air] Captain_Cabul,trucking all dayMP is the best way to play this game
76561198093610442,Recommended,227300,17743699,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,DanZeeMan,THE BEST GAME EVER
76561198068278037,Recommended,227300,16538146,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Willow Rivers,"Highly addictive and fun game.  I did not think I would like this as much as I do, got on a sale awhile back and now have 667 hours played and still play daily.  I purchase every DLC when they come out and could not be happier.Would highly recommened to anyone who enjoys drving games.10/10"
,Recommended,227300,7843400,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,idezye,"Really enjoyable, fun and relaxing.Get multiplayer aswell =)"
,Recommended,227300,7748982,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ozuna,"I am glad this game came to Steam thanks to the GreenLight voting system in which I voted for it. I've been playing this game for a while and was really excited to see the ""Going East!"" expansion come out for it and purchased it as soon as I saw it. I do think the price is quite high and waited for it to be on sale before purchasing it and thoughly enjoy this game on a regular basis, Especially that gradually, you can own your own business, hire drivers etc... which gives a good simulation experience. I'm really glad a small company made such a fun game. I would suggest it for anyone who is interested in driving simulation games."
,Recommended,227300,19673791,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,cjaystrachan,Very Addictive
,Recommended,227300,26361210,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,alvis987,"Good simulator! Looks very realistic but need improvement on multiplayer - what I mean by that is, add multiplayer to the actual game.   Also, when will Euro Truck Simulator 3 come out? Other than that, Brilliant game/simulator!"
,Recommended,227300,20093279,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,slow creature,"""So you spent your whole Christmas day driving a virtual truck?""""Yep."""
,Recommended,227300,20259437,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,X FaZe You X,very fun game ☺
,Recommended,227300,20424315,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mango Juice,"When this review was written, I had played it for about 7 hours. This game is honestly the best driving simulator game on Steam. This game is so much fun and a bit educational. You get to drive a truck on tasks and get about 2500 euros to 4000 euros. Also, once you get about 100000 euros, you can buy a truck / semi of your choice, and free drive it wherever you want to in Europe.  This game is so realistic with the facts that you lose money when you run red lights, hit a car, if you don't sleep in a while, and if you speed. Also, if you crash, you can call the Road Service. You will lose cash and it will take you on a bit of a detour though. In this game, you can drive your truck almost anywhere in Europe. And, you can travel from Amsterdam to London, but you will have to pay a fee to take a boat. I would most likely rate this game 12 / 10. This is one of the BEST games I've ever played."
76561198088723704,Recommended,227300,19886744,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Baran01Mert,Eğer oyun oynarken şarkı dinlemeyi seviyorsanız veya sabahlamak istiyorsanız buyrun alın oynayın.
,Recommended,227300,7748915,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ritchzy,"I LOVE THIS GAME! I never thought i would be interested in a truck driving game, but this game is just too good to miss. The simulation is not only realistic, but has a strangely fun aspect hidden in it. I dont really know why i find it fun but i just do and i know alot of people out there are like that. The trucks are realistically modled but some things do need fixing. One thing is the fact that they dont have a license to use Mercedes trucks in the game which cant really be fixed without their permission. Another thing that is wrong with this game is the AI traffic. It has some of the worst AI tragffic i have ever experianced in a game but they add a fun and silly aspect to this serious game. The AI will be fixed in the next update but if your are buying it before then just be warned. Overall this is a brilliant game and if you have any interest in trucks or you just want to try something new, this is a must-have and I highly reccomend it!"
,Recommended,227300,20557097,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,BritishRail60062,"Great game and highly addictive. I really do enjoy playing this game a lot and I spend a fair amount of time on this game when I am not doing other things like work etc. There is 7 brands of trucks to choose from which they are:DAFIvecoRenaultMANMercedes-BenzScaniaVolvoBesides that, you can start your own trucking business in the game with buying extra garages, trucks and recruiting AI drivers to earn your company money to build a haulage empire. All owned and controlled by YOU! :). However you will have to climb your way up the career ladder and work hard in the game to reach these new heights as you won't be able to afford to buy a truck in the game at first in the early days. So you will take jobs and do errand runs for other companies until you earn enough money to buy your first truck. Also this will allow you to gain experience in the game which you can earn skill points to boost opportunities and try out several makes and truck types before going it alone.As much as I love this game. I wish that Ireland, Western France, Spain and Portugal were available in the game, especially Ireland as I would love to do some runs from London to Dublin, Cork and Belfast.My only gripe with this game is the AI traffic because it doesn't always behave itself and the amount of times I have hit them because they randomly stop on the motorway at times when there is nothing coming or the AI traffic can pull out in front of you when you are overtaking, leaving it very difficult to react in time. But apart from that, it is a well made truck simulator and I still enjoy playing it. So its recommended in my opinion.Overall Rating: 10/10."
,Recommended,227300,18905614,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,sebas,"Relaxing and fun, I really had no idea I would like this game as much as I do. Fantastic modding community too (with stuff like ProMods, RusMap and JazzyCat's stuff). Heavily recommended!"
,Recommended,227300,20736314,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,TRexemus,"+The game has the most relistic drivering contorls possible on a keybored and mouse set up and would be great if i had a steering wheel and pedals. The mission/jobs time is also alot more relasitic than over games in this genre as they actully do take alot of time to complete, this coiuld also be seen as a bad point in some cases.-There are a few minor things whitch bother me about the game, one been the AI of drivers in the game, when i droove too close but not quite touching them they stopped causing me to crash the vehacial. The only over ""bad"" thing about this game is that the graphics are not the best but what can i expect from such a massive world.+- Overall i would recomend this game to anyone who wants to have a sub-realistic driveing experiance, this game may not apeal to the people that6 dont have alot of time to play."
76561198076099530,Recommended,227300,11217016,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,EnergyMonster [LV],This game is awesome its real simulator game . buy it  and now you can play in mp
76561198151118060,Recommended,227300,23698640,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ThePanzy99,It is a good game and addictive time to enjoy it is required to play multiplayer
,Recommended,227300,23683508,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Starlight Sprinkle™,"Best trucking experience ever? Nothing more to say! Multiplayer is awesome too, Love it how they implemented WorldOfTrucks and Steam Workshop!"
,Recommended,227300,21523212,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pluto (Arrowbros),With Multiplayer it could be the best game but its best game either so just play guysstart your engines and AUTOBOTS ROLL OUT!!!!
,Recommended,227300,21302521,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,◢Cpt.KingRemco◤,"This is definitely the best truck sim available on any device! Now the devs also made an American Truck sim which is also fun!You may think that this sim is boring, but it's NOT boring at all! You start of with a little compound for your own company you will be increasing later. Than you will be hired by other companies to deliver their cargo, which will earn you some money! When you have enough money, you can buy your own truck for in your own garage  which you will use to deliver cargo for your own company. That's not all, there are also other garages you can buy to upgrade your company!There is also a mod avaiable for download which let you go online on a multiplayer server where you can share your business plans with others or vice versa!"
76561198282499872,Recommended,227300,23060940,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,chapleaura71,Its such a great game the graphics are great as well and I would 100% recommended it or other people
,Recommended,227300,23468903,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Sander,Great game! I can't really think of something negative about this game. The game is exactly what you would expect from it and it also has a smooth performance.
76561198271313723,Recommended,227300,23482949,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,PandaBird112,Best trucking game!!
76561198094323014,Recommended,227300,23463037,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,「 DL_97 」,A simulator that doesn't actually suck.Side Note:I have about 50 or so hours (from the time I wrote this review.) on this 'cause I'm always playing this offline and usually when I'm away from home with no Internet.
,Recommended,227300,18963230,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,DiscipleK,HAVE U EVER WANTED TO BE A TRUCK DRIVER WELL NOW U CANTHIS GAME IS GREAT SAID IGN IN 2006 NOW INTRODUCING THE BEST CHARACTER SANTA CLAUSYES SANTA CLAUS U CAN NOW DRIVE TRUCKS AND DELIVER STUFF AS SANTY BUT DONT U WORRYCAUSE HE INDEEDS CRASHES INTO EVERYTHING XDDDD
,Recommended,227300,16999633,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,o.g dan,"After 150+ hours, I decided it was time to write a review.Is Euro Truck Simulator a good game? That is all up to personal preferance. If you like simulators, this game is something that you will most likely enjoy. I love to sit down and listen to some music while I play this game on a rainy day. I love to add on lots of hours during the summer time if its raining outside or if I just dont feel like going outside. It just an all around great game.Another great feature of this game is that it suits every players needs. If all you want is to sit down and truck, go for it. If you want to 'tycoon it up,' you can purchase more trucks and start a buisness hiring drivers. The game also has many DLC options. Want a paintjob for the country you live in? It's most likely in the store. Do you want a bobble head dog sitting on your dashboard? You can get that too. And also enjoyable feature is the fact that the map is ever expanding. You can get the 'Going East!' expansion pack, allowing you to head on down to eastern Poland and Hungary. Do you want to test out that new heater? Get the 'Scandinavia' pack and get up in that chilly Norway! And soon to come is the all new 'Viva le France' that introduces a bigger France!Overall, this game is perfect for me. Sometimes I just need to pass the time when Im going stir crazy. And this is a great way to do it. For some reason, I purchased American Truck Simulator about 2 days after release, but it just never really stuck with me. This game did though, and I can just never get enough!Are there any cons to this game? No. If there isnt something you want in the game, you can download a mod for it. This game just has so much potential that is being pursued.Do i reccomend this game? Yes. It is a great game if you enjoy simulators, and id suggest taking a look into it. There is no going wrong with this game. Enjoy!-Dan"
76561198041720303,Recommended,227300,23197724,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,mosne,Nice game!!! You dont have to be familiar with trucks or anything. this game is both for truck pros and n00bs
76561198050124197,Recommended,227300,7468993,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Drawings Freeman,"Trucks fascinate me and Euro Truck Simulator 2 scratches that itch mightily.Different truck configurations with different load configurations all handle surprisingly differently and negotiating the range of town, country and motorway roads on offer requires a surprising amount of concentration and focus.And then there's the reversing! With just your mirrors to guide you or with the help of the 8 external camera angles. I've been waiting for something like this since I was a small child.There's also a meta game where you acquire skill points, build up and run your own garage, hire drivers, assign their skill points and indulge in the huge range of cosmetic and mechanical truck customisations for as many trucks as you have the gamebucks to buy.Then when you're feeling really adventurous there are mods.It's wonderful! Try it!"
,Recommended,227300,15891752,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,josef733,This is a fun♥♥♥♥♥game and I totally recommend it even if you think this is not for you.
,Recommended,227300,7901449,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,MorgsGO,"Suprisingly addictiveI started playing this game very skeptical and am not a fan of trucks or this type of genre before.After playing this i have to say it's nothing i like i have played before and i LOVE it. Sceneary isnot repetitive, it changes from country to country and is dynamic. Truck sound, interiour's andexteriou's are authentic and sound proper. Great game overall i i recommend it to anyone, evenif you have no interest whatsoever in trucks!"
,Recommended,227300,10268798,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Party Yeen,"Of all the games I've played, Euro Truck Simulator 2 has by far been the most surprising. It didn't seem like a concept I would really enjoy especially considering American notions of what it means to be a semi truck driver. But as it turns out, playing a game where you play a semi truck driver can actually be quite fun!You can play a quick job mode where you are given a truck with cargo and a destination and just go and make the delivery, but the real fun comes in buying your own truck, finding jobs, driving to your employer, picking up your cargo and driving it to your destination. As you drive across Europe you'll discover new cities and find new dealers and depots. Making deliveries earns you experience to unlock new job opportunities and eventually new trucks as well as money to do anything else from buying new trucks, customizing the ones you have, buying garages and hiring drivers.More than anything, the beauty of Euro Truck Simulator 2 really caught me. Driving through the vast European countryside and cities is quite relaxing and the game comes with a radio that will allow you to listen a bunch of built-in European radio station streams or your own music if you put some MP3s in the program's radio documents folder. Of all the simulation games I've played this one has by far been the most fun."
,Recommended,227300,10905996,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Harveyyears,"Simply Brilliant.This ACTUALLY simulates the game fantastically. Don't get put off by the other 99 percent of crappy ""simulators"" out there, this is worth every penny!I love the fact aswell that this will either look flawless on top graphics cards but at the same time can really accommodate for the budget end graphics cards (I tried this on my Gaming Pc as well as a basic laptop, it automatically picks the best settings but you can always tweak them.)Just buy it, in my opinion the game should be worth at least £30 for its awesomeness.10/10 One of the best games on Steam :)"
,Recommended,227300,7740991,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Mengy,"This game is far more fun than it should be.  It's relaxing, driving around in your big rig to music from the many online radio stations from around the world.  It's challenging, trying to park your rig to earn that extra money and XP.  It's got a very nice progression system, earning experience to improve your skills.  Customizing your trucks with better equipment and paint styles.  It's deep, in that you can buy your own garages, hire drivers, buy trucks for them to drive and grow your business.  It's beautiful, the scenery is sometimes breathtaking as you drive across farming fields, through cities, over mountain roads, through the rain and fog and night time.  It's one of my favorite games of the year, and although I find that surprising to say out loud, it honestly is.  It's like the Elite or Privateer of driving simulation games.  Very much recommended if you want a relaxing but fun and challenging driving game."
76561198035506750,Recommended,227300,28498881,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mike,"Best simulator ever, it's not just a truck sim, it's also a bus sim. Feels highly realistic too because I find myself shouting at the traffic to ""MOVE THEIR ASSES""pros:Everything apart from the stupid AI.cons:Nothing apart from the stupid AI.Other stuff:Speed signs (and maybe some other signs) are incorrect.Inappropriate fines like driving in daylight with no headlights????.Certain mods need to be offical and implemented into the game like snowy weather and multiplayer."
,Recommended,227300,26424775,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,KaosGamer21,Good game!! 10/10
,Recommended,227300,1698812,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,Gargaj,"I'm not sure if I can recommend this game, because really, it's a game about driving trucks. That's essentially all there is to it. But boy is it super immersive - I'm a fan of travelling, and for some reason this game tickled my funnybone that gets excited about staring out from a car window."
,Recommended,227300,10050404,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Red,FUN! 100%buy
,Recommended,227300,7978476,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,[E.v.O] Pain,awesome game
76561198009893444,Recommended,227300,10056901,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Wezzor,"This is such a relaxing game. I'm playing it with the radio (the in-game music player) on, and just driving on the highways of Europe delivering stuff to places and driving for hours while hearing music and just relaxing. The details are good, graphics are good, sound is realistic, as well is the handling, there are many countries, missions, modifications and trucks."
76561198082999188,Recommended,227300,11628056,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,cummins23,THIS GAME IS ADDICTIVE!! i boughts it about two weeks ago and i have 67 hours on it
76561198065419151,Recommended,227300,18710044,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,itye1970,"A truck simulator you may think. How can you make a game of this....But........its damn awesome and fun, great graphics, grate game play, supports Logitech G27 wheel and TrackIR so you can turn you head in the cockpit to see whats coming. You can even listen to the radio and your own music while driving. Lots of European cities included.  You can see the amount of positive reviews, they're not wrong..highly recommended!"
,Recommended,227300,12244391,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,skiv,Best Winamp/Foobar/etc. visualization plugin evah :)
76561198116590117,Recommended,227300,8554539,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,✵Dmitri▐ ВОЛК▐,"great game i love it, the only thing it needs is steam workshop support!"
76561198009609176,Recommended,227300,9755876,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Alfons Hinkel,"I bought ETS this morning on a hunch despite my lacking interest for transport simulators and alike. I do not regret it a bit. That's the kind of thing you wanna do after a stressful day at work, cruising in a big truck while listening to German or other European radio stations according to the country you're traveling through. Two thumbs up!PS: Even if I bought it on sale this is going to be a bigger investment. I need to get me a decent steering wheel with pedals. :)"
,Recommended,227300,11002504,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,LoneWolfAlmighty,"You start the game without a truck and you are required to drive a company truck until you can gather enough money to purchase your own truck. ETS 2 offers a range of different trucks and real manufactures with a few exceptions. Once you own a truck you can add modifications to it such as bull-bars and number of axles ect. While the modification list may be large you are required to grind up through levels to unlock other modifications that have greater effects on your truck such as engines that range from 350hp to 750hp allowing you to be able to haul heavy goods. One of ETS 2 greatest features is the detail and scale of the game world (SCS Software are always adding in new features, expanding the already large world and fixing bugs and glitches)."
,Recommended,227300,23263097,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Reimu☆rena~,"This is a game in which you drive a truck around Europe whilst delivering cargo to various places… kinda sounds boring doesn’t it? That’s what I thought at first, but instead it’s been 170+ hours of fun driving and learning.Graphics: 10/10Once you turn up those settings to the max, you get to see the absolutely gorgeous details the game shows. Whether it be a bright sunrise or a small patch of grass, it will look really nice. They really showed how beautiful the game looks, even in lower settings the game still looks lovely. The graphics in this game is the best I’ve seen out of the simulator genre.Storyline: 5/10However, not quite the word “storyline” as this game offers none of it. It’s more of a progression system which is implemented as the player drives and delivers cargo throughout the entire game. There is no actual storyline that affects the game. It is mainly just a simulator for experience and pure immersion.Sound: 8/10The engine noises, the wipers, the indicator light sound…they have been perfected for each truck which is pleasing to hear. The only compliant that I have is the truck horn and the traffic noise. The truck horn and the traffic noise sounds too quiet compared to the rest of the sounds.Gameplay: 10/10Smooth and refined. From driving the truck out of the compound to parking the truck in the designated spot, it will feel satisfyingly smooth and refined. I’ve yet to play a driving simulator which offers the same quality of immersion.Price: 10/10This receives full marks and I would give it a higher score if you got this from a sale. Even playing this for 5 hours is enough for what the price is asking for. This is the most immersive driving simulator I’ve ever played and it is sure to please you with its realistic controls, beautiful details and refined gameplay. It is worth the price you pay for."
76561198122799249,Recommended,227300,24496255,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,#Slayer|SKZ| CSGOSELL.COM,Real and funny game!
,Recommended,227300,13369219,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Elision,Trucks drive 10 kph under the speed limit and everyone in a car drives like a brain dead retard.Just like in real life.10/10
76561198108154841,Recommended,227300,7944962,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,ZzHaterzZ,very well done game I recommend this game to people who like simulator games :)
76561198038959398,Recommended,227300,27753259,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,VictorSE,"When you enjoy driving but don't have enough gas money in real life, this is the game you need to play."
76561198074132507,Recommended,227300,7839173,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,DexiTK,nice
76561198141943344,Recommended,227300,12512410,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,dirtyrebel101,Such a fun and some times funny game. So recomend it.
,Recommended,227300,12620425,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,owls,got dome playing this game 10/10
,Recommended,227300,12681985,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,selwing95,A beautiful game with a great multiplayer mod.
,Recommended,227300,12569268,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Fuu~,Best Drive Simulation game i've been played
,Recommended,227300,13006800,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Leebo@LegionLAN,"Ok, where to start... You have fuel, indicators, lights, 3 horns (I think), damage, you can customise your truck's and you even get tired!! Whats not to like?! O yeah, those blasted speed Camera's that dont stand out... been caught a fair few times now.. its quite a hefty fine too!!This is a game that I really enjoy playing, it's not the usual FPS or racing game that I would normally go for but I definately do not regret buying it!!  I find it strangly relaxing & fun at the same time!  You get to run your very own transport company and take on new drivers and trucks too!I would recommend this game, It's fun, relistic and quite addictive."
76561198106293269,Recommended,227300,7983641,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Lucas1992,"Best game I've played this genre of course that requires minor improvements in ai traffic there, but it's great game!"
76561197985856344,Recommended,227300,12749385,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Space Man,As everyone else has said...strangely addicting...check it out..now..
,Recommended,227300,12977481,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Born To Conquer,"Sit back, take a contract, drive and relax. Best game to play if you are looking to relax."
76561198066522839,Recommended,227300,14640393,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,TangoRomeo,"Came home from work one day after a hard shift, pretty tired. I decide to start up some Euro Truck Sim, why not, doesn't require much brain power. I begin driving, about 30 minutes into my drive, I begin to fall asleep. Slowly my eyes close. My head hits my keyboard at the same time my truck rams into a siderail at 90km/h. Destroyed my truck. Destroyed my load. Had to fire one of my drivers and take his truck so I could continue to drive. 10/10, would nod off and total my truck again."
76561198116472198,Recommended,227300,14668363,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Freighter,"My favorite game of all time. I love it and could play it all day. Especially with multiplayer, this game is unable to be beaten."
,Recommended,227300,14719986,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Hassan-i Sabbah,"Absolutely LOVE this game. For all you♥♥♥♥♥♥heads who ""LOL"" me when I launch this game, eat it, jerks!"
76561198139314647,Recommended,227300,14727871,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,※Śmiłe※,Nice Game
,Recommended,227300,14807006,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,MrFahrenheit,"Simulator games!...I love em!As an older gamer in my mid 30's I remember a time when Simulator games were pumped out ten a penny, sure they were mostly 'war machine' sims such as aircraft, tanks or submarines and every system had them from the early 80's wireframe Spectrum 48k efforts  right up until the naughties full on 3D rendered apachie v havok (00's) but then with the advent online consoles the quality of sims died off in a big way.Sure we still had a few knocking special ones knocking around, the silent hunter series and microsofts lacklustre (should have been better) combat flight sim series, but most companies now focused on giving us standard cookie cutter clones of console games year after year.The past few years have however given us a newlease of sim games some great some not so but all withing their rights beautiful, from the oddly popular farming simulator to the even odder goat simulator were now being treated to some proper PC sim love from gaming studios.And so eventually we come to Euro Truck Simulator 2 or ETS2 to its fans.Gamers can now live out their dreams as an EU based trucker, buy a truck, pick a job, drive for miles across international borders while avoiding speeding tickets and dodging crap motorway drivers and dodgy AI (since launch AI is vastly improved), its that simple, thats all their basically is to it.The games engine isnt the best looking by far but its nice enough to look at for hours on end and trust me, you will look at it for hours on end, and the community have taken to the game nicely so theres lots of modding available, from new trucks and trailers, updated true to life road markings and signs for respective countries, a working radio station mod and even an ad hoc multiplayer mode that actually works.The game plays well, the trucks handle nicely and theres a nice progression system that allows you to form a fleet of trucks of your own and send out AI drivers to complete jobs, theres a good chunk of customisability to your trucks from new paint jobs to lights, wheels, engines ect.This all may sound pretty boring and in reality it should be, and yet it isnt, its somehow compelling and extremly satisfying as your make sure you slow down for the speed cameras on the M6 en route to Manchester to ensure you dont get a ticket as you run against the clock to get your load of supermarket goods delivered on time..It has that fully engaging ""SIM-iness"" that all great Sims have, its not ultra realistic as Sims go but it has enough that you feel engaged and has enough addictive quality that keeps you playing and coming back..So...here I go again, Bacon butty in one hand and travel FM on the virtual radio and a load of concrete pipes that need to be delivered to luxemburg."
,Recommended,227300,14854317,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,darkdaz-DO NOT DISTRUB,"i do love this game, i love to drive myself, so i love driving simulators :)and recommand games like this to anyone"
,Recommended,227300,14644454,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Iforgotmybrain,"It's a fun little simulator, it's not hard to learn it's something you can just jump in and play, relax and listen to a podcast, audiobook, or music and just get lost in the game."
76561198151574727,Recommended,227300,14736432,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,catslovecake,ets2 is the best open world truck riving game out there the grapics are amazing the texture pack on the trucks are outstanding and very easy to operate i would recommend buying a gaming steering wheel and pedals to go with it because it makes a giant different i would recommand a audicore gaming steering wheel form either ebay or amazon because they are nly about £45 not sure what it is in dollars and they are have the price of one of those logictech onesit is one of the best games i hvae ever played and i would highly recommand it thankyou scs software  for making the game
76561198115227583,Recommended,227300,14747794,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Mihkel,nice
76561198067343217,Recommended,227300,14834284,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,playerpitts420,"If you like to drive, this game is nice. mods can make the game just how you want it. brutal HD graphics mod  and  open pipes sound mod was all i used. moding is easy. the game rules, the best boring fun ive ever had. lolp.s.i h8t speed cameras."
,Recommended,227300,14678866,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Hysterical Psycho,"If you want an addicting game where you control a truck company, then this is the game for you.This makes me relax even in the most stressful days.defenatly recommend this game."
76561198089994300,Recommended,227300,14751447,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,p_scheider13,great game
76561198274023673,Recommended,227300,21242081,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Radar474,I love to smell trucks.
,Recommended,227300,16977632,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Space Viking,"""The sun rises over over the beautiful town of Berg as I take notice of how serene the placid little farms are that wisp by. I am calm and comfortable with Creedence Clearwater Revival quietly strumming away in the background. My big rig slowly makes its way up the hill with purposeful intent, almost as if the truck itself is excited to see what lays ahead for us. As I smile to the agile and swift passenger car that darts around me, I suddenly wake up in on coming traffic. Cars, trucks and the like all swerving like schools of fish being assaulted by a giant tuna. Semi's are flipping over guard rails, tires are screeching as amber lights alert all to the chaos. Wrong way citations begin clicking away as I realize I probably should have had a quick nap after shagging that truck stop mistress. Maybe this low quailty cocaine isn't keeping me up as per usual. The sound of a speeding citation clicks away as I decend the hill, dodging more oncoming vehicles. Christ, when did that median show up? I've got some very important dry milk to deliver and I've no intentions to stop. A few more wrong way citations won't be that bad. Ah, up ahead is a break in the median. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the way the sun lights those trees is pretty. The poor truck yelps in pain as I yank the steering wheel towards the gap. Like a bull in a china shop, the trailer bangs its way through the gap and finishes as gracefully as a sloth dropping a duece in a hurricane by side swiping a small passenger car. Why am I always forgetting to check my mirrors? Why the hell have my wipers been on since yesterday? Meh, I'll just blame it on the blind spots. Looking in my passenger side mirror to see how much damaged was caused to the poor little car, I can see the fallout of my little falling asleep incident on top of the hill. Death and destruction lay there as a symbol to all...Never get in the way of a mans dried milk.""Deposition of Space Viking on trial for crimes against dried milk.SpaceViking operating under company Balls Out Freighters V.S. the Country of Switzerland"
,Recommended,227300,24104512,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,LuckyOne,Very Good Game. High Perfomence and very good graphics!
,Recommended,227300,22224833,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mistaken Bacon,Awesome game! Just wish they would add a second pivot point!
,Recommended,227300,23214570,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,MABOO,Went home. Hit a bong. Take a shower. Open my laptop.Get a long route job. Open myreggae songson the radio.Reach Paris. I was quite high and I can tell you that really feel like you're driving there.I start taking up speed and swearing to other truck also hit the horn button.I ended up driving a truck for 2 hrs. Dont know what I was doing.But I feel peace and zen inside.--------------------------------------------------------------------------9/10would continue this routine.C.J. Maboo
,Recommended,227300,14569971,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Gurgeh,"I didn't expect to love this game as much as I do. I bought it on a lark during a Steam sale for under $3. I've plowed about 70 hours into it over the last few months, playing almost every night. There's something very peaceful about this driving game -- almost completely the opposite of the average racing game. It's about driving carefully, obeying traffic rules, and slowly building your truck empire. The graphics are lovely - you'll send a lot of time driving around, just looking at the scenery and the wonderful little touches that make the in-game locations look like their real-world counterparts. My favorite part of the whole game is the ability to listen to (European) radio stations while you're driving. I grew up in Belgium and now live on the West Coast of the US; as a result, I can now listen to the Belgian morning radio shows as I drive around at night. You may be skeptical about a truck sim game -- I was -- but put plain and simple, this is some of the most fun I've had playing a PC game in years. Recommended!"
76561198012508631,Recommended,227300,16487336,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Yochillum,"This is one of those unique experiences that define PC gaming. Explaining this game to someone is really quite easy... explaining why it is so much fun is another matter altogether.  As with any good sim, the basic mechanics are all in place - you drive and deliver cargo to carious locations. As the game progresses, you can determine where to take that experience. Do you want to take on massive routes for huge payoffs, stay local and make quick, easy money, or build your company to the point where you no longer have to take to the roads. The choice is yours, and the experience is a bargain at three times the price it goes for these days. A definite recommendation!"
76561198019932893,Recommended,227300,20231938,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sonniger Tau,"I will not waste your and my time, I'll write from the perspective of the main newcomer in this game.Euro truck simulator 2 is excellent simulator driving trucks&cargo. The game fairly presents the atmospheric sensation control ""juggernaut"". Absolutely honest you will get what you pay for and even more.The good optimization and a lot of graphics settings allow to have a compromise. The game is very friendly to newcomers in this genre. Regardless of your experience you will get the  very comfortable control function, which can be easily combined in spite of presence/absence of additional gaming joysticks."
,Recommended,227300,30215992,Posted: 27 February,all,X6Flash9X,Well I suggest you interesting simulation game.
76561198019091658,Recommended,227300,32729065,Posted: 24 June,all,Cianamus Prime,"A meditative experience. Put on some podcasts grab a steering wheel and curse at bloody car drivers just cut me off for no damn, god darn it... listen mate where do you want this thing... well why in the damn hell did you build a loading dock there? five stars"
76561198125691883,Recommended,227300,23005068,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,owenosborne01,This game is awesome and even MY laptop runs it at 25FPS quite comfortably.
,Recommended,227300,369750,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,Tiger_Walts,"Yes, I bought this. The actual driving may not be as complete or challenging as many other sims but it does have a free form business building aspect to the game which other sims could do with having, Any other sims that have tried, just didn't meet expectations (TOH I'm looking at you). Plus, I can't wait to pimp out my truck, if only this game had hats.ADDENDUMThe business side of the game was far more shallow than I'd hoped for with sadly no sign of any updates to improve upon it. I would like to see the setting up of contracts to provide specific freight services that your AI drivers could fulfil.The addon regions are welcome additions but their scale pales in comparison to the ProMods mod package which I highly recommend."
,Recommended,227300,31581070,Posted: 6 May,all,Niklakis,Best game ever
,Recommended,227300,32278055,Posted: 8 June,all,Bioscaa,Drive and relax...
,Recommended,227300,32867104,Posted: 27 June,all,nope csgolive.com,mother truckin' goodness
76561198007405085,Recommended,227300,32886467,Posted: 27 June,all,irishmafia2020,"In my gaming career I have commanded armies, built civiliztions, battled aliens, and refought World War II... And yet delivering a load of potatoes to Sweden while listening to ""truckin"" on Eurotruck Radio is a top five all-time gaming moment  for me!!  I don't know how to explain that....TL/DR - it's Skyrim with trucks..."
76561198007624489,Recommended,227300,28889401,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ToadNinja911,"Congratulations on winning the Steam Awards twice, SCS Software!"
,Recommended,227300,28801029,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ukgamer,"It's difficult to explain what I like so much about this game. It's relaxing in its own way.The map area is large and even larger and more detailed with the DLCs, especially the Scandinavia and France ones. It's nice to see how the detail of the map has increased with the later DLCs as SCS has been able to grow their team. I just hope they will continue to revisit older parts of the map and spruce them up as the transition from old parts of the map to new ones is very noticable.The multiplayer mod adds another dimension to this game and is what I spend most of my in-game time in. If you can get past the terrible drivers and kids, it's a unique experience. The community that surrounds the game and its multiplayer mod is charming, with community run radio stations, convoys and virtual trucking companies.All in all, it's a good time killer - and after all, isn't that what games should be?"
,Recommended,227300,32906409,Posted: 27 June,all,John Walker,This game is absolutely amazing.If you like to just chill while playing then this game is for you.
,Recommended,227300,32777222,Posted: 25 June,all,TR1F1N1TY,"Basically, you drive a truck around carrying cargo where a lot of real life rules apply in-game. You can explore long and winding paths around Europe and relax listening to your favourite music playlist or even radio station.PROS:Realistic controlsEducational in a wayEasy to learnFree multiplayerLow-end friendly, even on my crappy Radeon R7 graphics.A very big improvement from the originalCONS:about 30% of the game is hidden behind DLC. Seriously. Just scroll through the DLC list, you'll see what I mean.If you don't like long games with lots to pay attention to, you won't like this gameOverall, a very solid game. 8/10, surprised they didn't make music and multiplayer DLC."
,Recommended,227300,12117900,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Captain Daggle,"Thought I'd hate it, turned out to be one of the most relaxed and enjoyable games I've played."
,Recommended,227300,16505594,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,zisha,"6PM - ""I'll try one route""10 hours later - ""Ey, bought my own truck, cool!""11/10"
76561198002366342,Recommended,227300,9749201,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Soerensen,Truly a majestic game
,Recommended,227300,16562334,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dragon Reborn,"A lot of people had commented that this is one of the best simulator games around, and dear lord they were not kidding. Booted this up, and before I know it, had clocked in over 50 hours into the game - and that's barely 10%-20% completion of the game!!! Who knew the simple pleasure of driving a goliath of  a machine all over Europe would be so addictive, and strangely relaxing.To ensure you waste even more time in this game, the developers just released a massive expansion of scandivia, in all its wonderful glory. And this is not to mention anything of the stupendous number of  mods out there that enhances  your driving experience even further.One game for which I definitely wish to invest in a driving wheel setup, which unfortunately would not fit my current setup. So am relegated to kb+mouse and controller. Still its a joy to ride those trucks.Definitely recommend to any fan of driving sims, and even to new comers who have never experienced a driving sim before."
,Recommended,227300,13368605,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,JricePlayzHD,This game is good if your computer can run it without lag :D
,Recommended,227300,13582017,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Worst waifu,"I have a gaming computer, but not a high end, top of the line one and I was still able to get 60fps on high settings and about 30fps at ultra. I play with a keyboard and mouse, but I'd recomend playing with a steering wheel and peddles to add to the experience.(a logitech g27 should be a choice if you have the money, but I think any one will do)"
,Recommended,227300,13453586,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Zigg,"Euro Truck Simulator is one of the greatest, if not the greatest open-world simulator games on the market right now. At the time of this review, the Steam Holidays Sale is currently going on and the price is 85% normal, which is twenty-five USD.Pros:+Beautiful game, and doesn't really bog your game down.+Every trip is an adventure, and with the ability to have the radio, it makes every single trip entertaining. You can also impliment your own songs and play them from the radio as you venture into the wild blue yonder!+Start your own company, and rise to greatness as one of the best truck companies in Europe.+The game is very realistic, where you use your driving wits to get you through each trip.+Trafic acts realisticly, where cars will go into the other lane to get ahead of you, people will honk at you for being to slow or not going at a green light, etc etc etc.+Explore parts of Austria, Germany, the UK, France and many more countries! With the DLC, Heading East, you can explore even more!+Modding support!Cons:-The game is quite expensive, and you have to play a bit to get your money's worth.-There are a lot of things to remember, but if you're like me and like that, then you're fine.-Youmustset aside some time every day or so to play this game to get anywhere in it.All in all, I definately recommend this to anyone who likes roleplay, exploring Europe, or just like semi's. Pick it up on a sale and play to your heart's content.9.48/10."
,Recommended,227300,11992228,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,FL4T,"Get's better and better, compared to Eurotruck simulator 1, this is heaven, it's pretty damn realistic.+plus+-Great graphic-good scaling-very compadible with Logitech G25/27-servs you several fun hours of playtime, i got 250H and i'm still not tired of it-great dlc's, they give what we whant.-good controls, however i would not recomed playing it on a keyboard, steeringwheel orxboxcontroller is highly recomended.-you can lisent to real time livestreaming radio from your own town/city.-easy to ad mods, for example new trucks, trailers or maps-worth the money-minus--as i said, it's not any fun playing on Keyboard-the support is useless, tough add ME on steam and i might be abel to help you if there occures any unwhanted problems-the engine sounds is quite un-decent, a mod would be recoended if you don't like it-the weakest engine + the heavyest load (25 tonn) is ridicelously slow, not realistic.-the best graphic avaible is almoste just as demanding as Battlefield3 on ultra, but you get goooood quality-tousands of Dlc's, whitch costs money-Achiving 100% ultra graphic does not apply totally when you press ""ultra"" in the graphic settings, youneed to go to advance and apply 400%scalingAll in all, this is totally worth the money, i would give it 46/50 , there's not mutch that brings it down.this game is just, good. you can even download Multiplayer mod, were you can play with TOUSANDS of people in Europ that is toghether on ONE server, so over 1200 people on one server to play with, there's also a US server for those who live in the States, installing multiplayer ain't hard, not at all.Tough i said that this game is very demanding on ultra, it's a whole diffrent story on Low, or in SafeMode. you could play this game on a cheap school Laptop on low, tough the quality is pretty reducedi know this game very well, so if anyone got any problems, add me :3"
,Recommended,227300,11802594,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Paxopoxo,"You will get the most out of this game if you download the Euro Truck Multiplayer, really its awesome!"
76561198081156474,Recommended,227300,11683692,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,[DG] pickle330,"This game is one of the best games you will play almost guarnteed. It is very relaxing to have nice long drives across Europe and taking in nice scenery while listening to one of the internet radio stations built into the game. (especially in austria and the alps) Also the business part of the game is one reason why you don't want to stop playing. You want more money from the time you purchase your first truck and start working for yourself, to buying better more powerful trucks and customizing. Also you'll always want to buy more garages and hire more workers for more money!I would give this awesome game 10/10!"
,Recommended,227300,13925349,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,TSRVTC - CC | Dan,crashed into a renault11/10would crash into a renault again lolI HATE RENAULTS
,Recommended,227300,620847,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,ADMIRAL BURGH L,This game follows the life of Goose in an alternate reality where he did not die in an F-14 Tomcat ejection accident but was discharged from the airforce and became a truck driver after attending the Truck Master truck driving school
,Recommended,227300,21746636,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Ridy,"Listen here little fella...My success story is: working hard for something you love by doing something you dream about. I came from rags to riches and now own one of the most influential logistics company in Europe. I own almost 100 trucks and 20 garages and provide working space for all kind of people. We make million euros per week and continue improving our services for clients. Ofcourse it didnt happen in one night... But oh kid... It happened quicker than I ever dreamed of... It all began not so long ago... So... I began my career as a driver for hire. That was my first experience with various trucks and differant environments of Europe. To be honest with you... I still sometimes ride out into wrong side of road in UK. Eh... why they want to be differant? Anyway... I felt that this kind of work will not cut it, so I took my first bank loan and bought my first truck. OOOOOH... and I remember it very well... it was Volvo FH Classic Sleeper. All in black with 2 yellow stripes. It was not the fastest or most economical truck in Europe, but it was alright... More than alright. It was like someone very special to me. We drove for 130km pulling heavy weights all over Europe. Then I bought my first garage in Warsaw, Poland. Not very fancy one, but good enough for bussiness beginning. Its capacity was only 3 trucks, but I couldnt imagine any more at that time. I hired my first driver - a beautiful woman named Stefany. She was good... Sometimes even better than me... and well... what can I say... my heart was empty at that moment, but that's for another time...Oh... and listen here, son... I wish I could continue on talking with you, but I really got to go... My client cant wait any longer."
,Recommended,227300,29350301,Posted: 18 January,all,Macrobunker,Bought game for something to play while watching TV with GF.Don't have GF anymore.  Still have the game and the TV.Life on the road is tough.10/10
,Recommended,227300,11101101,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,AquaDucki,Ets2 is a very relaxing game to play if you want to try the trucker life in a virtual world. The controls in the game and the truck are extremely easy to control even if you don’t play this kind of games. I personally think that this trucking game is the best on the market right now!9/10
,Recommended,227300,7581256,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,๖ۣۜBlair๖ۣۜ 🌙,"No es para nada un mal simulador de camiones, es genial y si tenes volante con pedales y palanca de cambios es mucho mas interesante y mas divertido. Es como si te sintieras en la ruta manejando xD"
,Recommended,227300,20267804,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Vairfoley,"It looks incredibly stupid to some at first, but it is much more fun than it seems.I bought it because I needed a game to play when I got really mad at some other games. This game really calms me down. There's nothing like enjoying the scenery of Europe while hauling around some cargo to relax you.Also, it starts to get really involved if you want to dedicate more time to it like starting and managing a buisness, but you can always do a quick job without even having to buy your own truck.If you get mad at games like me and need to simmer down or if you want a nice relaxing simulator I reccomend this game."
,Recommended,227300,13250132,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,we boolin xd,"I am addicted to this game.I used to have a girlfriend.She said,""Its me, or that game you love.""I chose the game.She left me, and its 2 a.m. now.But I still love it.Also, if you like ramming into traffic, get this game."
,Recommended,227300,22894368,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,TheoSXE,Relaxing and fun game :)
,Recommended,227300,15713186,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ΩhmanGaming™®©,What can I say... Its the best simulation game.
76561198022864170,Recommended,227300,20236153,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,josh the kenworth fan,best game ive ever played
76561198287570585,Recommended,227300,24218766,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,stretch999,On paper this may seem boring but honestly its Superb fun and some what addictive.
,Recommended,227300,21564749,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,xqwas216,"It is an awesome game to play in the comfort of your own home with licensensed truck brands. You can play this with your friends with an unoffical multiplayer mod, and I will give this game a ten out of ten."
,Recommended,227300,24076871,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,sm1le CSGetto.com,"There some minuses, so 4-5"
,Recommended,227300,24369507,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Maverick,"Highly recommendDo you enjoy driving trucks? Then play this game.If not. Play this game anyway, it's more enjoyable than it seams.Pros:Get to drive trucksLoose your real lifeAddictiveCons:Terribly optimised"
76561198074837292,Recommended,227300,19755405,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,oevuel,Playing with a (good) driver set is strongly recommended !!
,Recommended,227300,20754845,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ItsRandel153,Love the game so far. Fun in SP and great to be able to Convoy with friends!! Totally recommend this game
76561198185473837,Recommended,227300,21932373,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,SHINOGEKAI,great game !
,Recommended,227300,21965052,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,TOM JERRY,i like it;s game very mutch
76561198060298870,Recommended,227300,14716533,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Butthurt McWowImaCunt,">Purchase for 20 USD>Deluxe edition, which includes the Going East DLC, comes out on Humble store for $7.00 USD a week later.:cDespite this, great game worth it even if not on sale, my only complaint (and this may just be with the starting trucks) is that you seem to be peddaling them, the trucks like to slow down going up inclines."
76561198061364920,Recommended,227300,14729569,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,nunos100,"In a time of games constantly being released as unfinished, disappointing rubbish, it is a blessing to find a game like this, that just lets you have fun again and enjoy your time at the computer. Never played something like this before, never thought I would like it, but here I am, listening to my local radio station, trucking through Europe :)"
,Recommended,227300,13717453,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,eriso,"After 120 hours driving around Europe (I played almost 40h not in Steam) I can clearly say that this is [/b]the best truck simulator ever made[/b], and also a perfect driving simulator. [/b]Graphics are amazing[/b] in Ultra mode, you have a very [/b]huge map to discover[/b] and the driving of the cars is just as real as it can be.  If you can get this game under 10 euros you can be sure that you will enjoy it lots of hours.Turn on the radio and start driving!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Después de 120 horas conduciendo por toda Europa (he jugado almenos 40h fuera de Steam) puedo decir que este es el [/b]mejor simulador de camiones[/b], e incluso de simulador de conducción. [/b]Los gráficos son impresionantes[/b] en el modo Ultra, tienes un [/b]extenso mapa que explorar[/b] y la conducción en si es tan real como puede ser. Si puede conseguirlo por debajo de 10 euros puedes estar seguro que pasarás muchas horas de diversión.Encience la radio y empieza a conducir!"
,Recommended,227300,17228712,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Defsquad,Top quality truck simulator  loving the way you can pimp your ride & the scandinavia dlc is a must buy 10/10 keep on trucking
,Recommended,227300,2221631,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,DeevFactor,"A nice relaxing truck driving sim.  Some might dismiss it as something ridiculously boring, but it's more than you think.  It's well made by a small Czech developer with years of experience in the trucking sim, so this is top tier in the simulator genre.  There's plenty of nice scenery (including landmarks) to be had in a compressed, yet varied, map of Central Europe and the UK.  Best experienced with a driving wheel, but it's very playable with keyboard controls."
,Recommended,227300,8450533,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,CoraTora,"So I come home from a long day of work to become a virtual truck driver. My name is Cora, this is my cry for help.(ETS2 is a really fun game with good performance and plenty of customization as well as light RPG like progression. Sometimes the AI can be a bit much, and I am not sure if I can ever be busted for ""creative driving"" my big rig over the island on the freeway but maybe the fact that I can get away with doing this in a 'sim' is a large part of its charm.)This game is strangely fun."
76561198076047183,Recommended,227300,16415710,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dick Wolf,This simulator is very relaxing It keeps me away from competitive games that make me rage like league of legends and CSGO 10/10
,Recommended,227300,16179334,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Aro2220,"The most interesting thing about this game is that it's concept and gameplay look, at a distance, like it would be extremely boring and repetitive.In actuality, it is kind of fun and really relaxing. There are very few games that do this.I also hear someone is working on a multiplayer mod which would be pretty awesome.To be honest, I think it would be fun if you and someone else could both drive the truck and take turns. And just sit in there and chat. As silly as that sounds...it would be really fun.You have to play this game to understand how any of what I just wrote makes sense. Honestly, it's pretty clever.On the negative side, the game is based around a big grind...make money, buy better trucks, work for better companies, etc...but it's all really the same thing over and over. The actual driving around and stuff is relaxing and fun. As far as the endless grind goes...I used to like that stuff a lot more in single player games back when the internet wasn't as prevailent. But now I just feel like grindy gameplay mechanics should be left to mmos (and mmos should be avoided, even if they can be really involving and occassionally fun)."
,Recommended,227300,14522457,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Gill-o'-lantern,">playing Euro Truck Simulator 2>""One more delivery and I'll stop"">a few miles before I pull into Felixstowe some reading of a short story comes on Felixstowe Radio>continue making like three more deliveries just to hear how it ends:3Cozy Truck Simulator 2"
,Recommended,227300,26996336,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eslashier 아,"I really love this game, You can spend hours and hours making your own company, updating ur truck, or If u wanna play with your friends, you can use the multiplayer mod, I really recommend this game <3"
76561198064801774,Recommended,227300,8813398,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Isildore,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is more addictive than you would originally believe. Although I played the 18 Wheels series, I would never have considered myself a fan due to the awkward way the keyboard controls move the vehicle and the questionable AI of other drivers. In this, you have the option of using the mouse which, other than splashing out on a steering wheel (which is now on my list) this is the best way of driving.I have spent many hours playing this and have lost entire days to this. From this I can say that ETS2 is a very good way of spending time on the computer. The graphics are not bad and the models are very accurate, benefitting from licensing from the big boys in the European truck industry (apart from Mercedes-Benz who are depicted as Majestic). The business side of it is quite good too though an option to see your other drivers on the map would be good for those who like to micro-manage!So, in summary;Good Points- Licensed vehicles (apart from Mercedes-Benz)- Good graphics- Business model is good- Level based system adds more of a challenge- New content added quite frequently- Famous landmarks are there like the Forth Road BridgeBad Points- Traffic AI is still frustratingly bad- Motorway junctions change to single lane for onward traffic without warning- Accepting that making every city and landmark would not be viable, the geography is rather poor. Especially in Scotland. Also, Geneva is in France on the map...So, with the game being updated frequently, some of the points may be addressed. So I would rate this game as 80/100.Update - 12/01/2016Following my original review of the game, a lot of things have changed; SCS have gained a license from Mercedes-Benz so no more Majestic, the game is still frequently updated and improved by SCS, the Scandinavian DLC has been released and some other updates that have improved gameplay, graphics etc.The Scandinavian DLC is immense - driving through Norway alone is worth the cost of the add-on let alone the fact you can now drive along the Oresund Bridge between Copenhagen and Malmo. The graphics have also been boosted to the point where the game looks breathtaking in places.Another thing that has slowly improved is the AI - it's by no means perfect (and oddly, since v1.21, it appears to be going slightly backwards again) it is still better than it was in my original review.Something that I have now dabbled in is the extensive Modding community. This has enhanced the game no end. From additional trucks, cosmetic enhancements, tyres and additional maps, this game can pretty much be played indefinately!The use of mods though isn't for beginners, a lot of fiddling has to be done and not all mods are created equally. SCS for their part help with the addition of the Mod Manager but it's still a bit of pot luck if a particular mod works.If you want to go down this road (and I strongly advise that you do!) then visit YouTube/Twitch and you'll find a huge community with advice. One particular channel I would strongly recommend to visit is Squirrel (visit squirrel.tv), not only is he very entertaining, he regularly tests mods etc on his legendary Twitch stream, Sunday Night Trucking and has a spreadsheet that lists the mods that he has used and they work well.Another mod that I have begun to use extensively is the Telemetry SDK which via your LAN, displays a dashboard on a compatible iOS/Android device. I currently use this on my old 2012 Nexus 7 tablet and it works quite well. Certainly useful with those who haven't got a display capable of 1920x1080.So while some of my original issues are still there; the traffic AI is still not perfect and the junctions are still dodgy (though I now use the ProMods 2.0 map which does solve some of these issues) I can't help but continue to play this game as often as I can.In fact, the only thing that will probably stop me from contstant playing of ETS2 is the release of SCS's American Truck Simulator in February 2016! And even then, it won't replace ETS2.In 2014 I gave this game an 80% approval, in 2016 I can't help but give it an even higher 95% approval!"
,Recommended,227300,13776091,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ZaxIntel,"I found this game very fun, trucks are fun."
,Recommended,227300,13202099,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ol' Dirty Durp •̪̀●́,"A great game for chilling with friends and listening to music while playing plus there are a bunch of DLC and a decent modding community, not a fast action game but fun all the same."
,Recommended,227300,13236100,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ｓｎ０ー,I almost spent 2 hrs on reverse parking my truck.Best reverse parking simulator ever.
,Recommended,227300,8405296,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,acid14,"Im sure many people have looked at this and though it was another one of those really crappy sims that have come around recently like welding simulator or that forklift sim or something.Well it isnt, this is a really solidly made game, the graphics and atmosphere are stunning and you can use the real physics mod to have your truck act more like a real bouncy one.Ive played it for many hours and i just go on it when i want to chill out to my own custom playlist and have a drive in the rain on the european coast or something... its neat."
,Recommended,227300,8720001,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,[ECHO4423],HOW DO I TELL THIS DUTCH ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ IN THE HATCHBACK IN FRONT OF ME TO MAKE HIS ♥♥♥♥ING TURN? I'M GETTING ♥♥♥♥ING ROAD RAGE IN MY OWN HOUSE AND MY CAT IS VERY DISTRESSED GOD DAMN IT MOVE!
,Recommended,227300,12484743,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,eSq2oficial,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a very good game, and some how very addicting and fun! The graphics are amazing the driving simulation is awesome! and can not wait for American Truck Simulator! also the modding community is very good, the mods are very easy to setup.One thing i would like to see in American Truck Simulator is Multi Drops, Just a suggestion ;)overall rating 9.99/10"
76561198042506015,Recommended,227300,18900526,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Rectitude,10/10 would shmee again
76561198106617136,Recommended,227300,17942607,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,FGoulds1996,"This game has soo much potential, today it is one of the most reconisable games in the ETS division, if your into simulation games, then this game is for you. You can play hours apon hours without losing any interest. If you would like to play with friends or family then you can install ets2mp mod which allows you to play online :P"
,Recommended,227300,10715237,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Guimaraes,Muito legal o game recomendo.
,Recommended,227300,18423536,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Mr.FAP,"Very nice gameplay,nice graphic, so different from older version, many change ;)i think it's need add new wheels and rims add on,roofbar,bullbar and sound hahah :D"
76561198090175158,Recommended,227300,13689071,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Rocker,"Great game, i have spent alot of hours on this and dont plan on stopping, With or without the multiplayer this game i would highly recomend."
,Recommended,227300,7485823,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,MysticalDoom,The best simulator out there. Genuinely my favourite game of right now.
76561198083293473,Recommended,227300,11678535,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,NLGaim3rz,This is the best truck driving simulator that u will ever play. Very realistic and fun to play. One of the best simulators on the market.
76561198065806166,Recommended,227300,7605483,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Juice,"I don't know why ETS2 is in the top 5 of my most played games, I just can't get enough of this glorious game. 10/10"
76561198095139624,Recommended,227300,16665331,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,HAYWIRENINJA,"Sometimes can get boring, but overall a good game."
,Recommended,227300,10059783,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Optical_Carp,"It may look boring to watch, but it is soooo much fun, would recommend."
,Recommended,227300,9118152,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Eazy,"Yes, I highly recommend this game for everyone who loves driving simulators or just people who love to play some calm games."
,Recommended,227300,18139724,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,✪Azriel080802,this game amazing
,Recommended,227300,8841084,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Robert,A great calming game and a nice change from shoot em ups!
,Recommended,227300,13198238,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Eric Forman,"-Speeding Offence- -£440""♥♥♥♥ OFFFFFF"""
,Recommended,227300,11104017,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,RazzyFTW,"More interesting than it looks! Trust me! From driving genuinely-crafted trucks to managing your own logistics company with your hand-picked employees, this game offers the most authentic truck driving experience!"
,Recommended,227300,14171913,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TRiMGamingDK,"I have played many simulator games and within that category, quite a bunch of those have been truck simulators. Some have been great, many have been disappointing, but in ETS2 you really get some great things if you like simulator games.ETS2 is not just about driving around in a truck delivering cargo, you also have to maintain a company in which you have income and expenses to be aware of. It isn't especially hard, and it's not meant to be either. This is game for people, who just likes to sit down and drive around in a truck, where you get great graphics, great realism, a bunch of options that will make you decide how you want to play the game and much other.If you think the game is a little boring as it is, then you can always turn on mods, which are really easy to find.Pros* Great graphics* Many options (Truck configuration and updating, radio setups and much much more)* Great realism (Weather effects, optimized AI, day/niight cycle)* Always in development - getting updated often and the map is expanding all the time* Lots of mods available (Multiplayer, Map mods, Truck mods, weather mods, you name it)Cons* No multiplayer option (There is a forum where you can mod though)* Needs a bit more traffic and better graphics of objects, but that will come* Needs a bit more radiostations (It has a lot though!!)"
,Recommended,227300,13191970,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,DGT,"This game is absoluetly stunning. For a 5 GB game, I literally thought my computer showed incorrect information, I thought this game was like a 40GB game due to such a huge map and graphics. I would 12/10 recommend this to anyone who enjoys driving , yet very realistic games. I bought it since it was on-sale and a friend of mines had it but holy crap, this game is worth 50 dollars! I love it so much but I am trying not to over-play it. Meaning to get really addicted to it, because then I may stop playing but wow. Certainly worth its' price!"
,Recommended,227300,14325749,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,RDG_23HVY,"As a former truck driver the sim is awesome,...."
76561198118010335,Recommended,227300,11587034,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,ronXshimo,Really good game. The game has great tasks. Great gameplay and great graphics. I personally really liked the game because it is really true. Just like simulatorI recommend the game
,Recommended,227300,14200435,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Herbert Wallace,"I was delivering a pink helicopter to Paris in a rainy night while ""Riders on the Storm"" was playing on the radio.∞/10"
76561198061232952,Recommended,227300,10702391,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,mattismoo,"Drove into a tree because i was putting so much effort into singing along with the radio, 10/10."
,Recommended,227300,10781146,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MrQuesadila,Very realistic. I crashed into a wall immediately.
,Recommended,227300,10826812,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Big Beenus,Drive a truck and don't give a ♥♥♥♥. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,10595820,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Loser,this game is awesome lets you become a truck and drive watch out though because its easy to go fast
76561198119525594,Recommended,227300,11615493,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,NightOwl,Very good game
,Recommended,227300,13154707,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Vlaskrog,My whole family could be murdered and I would forgive the murderer after playing this game.
,Recommended,227300,14042880,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,I love tossing♥♥♥♥♥♥jugs whist barrelling down the road listening to Waylon Jennings.
,Recommended,227300,12256462,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,"Ami, Daughter of Arke","I've got to say it. This is a great game. It's a game to buy whether you're a racing type person or, like me, just someone who needs a reason for a relaxing drive in several countries. The realism's pretty good, although there are a couple of negative quirks; one being that one or two junctions are incorrectly labelled in advance so you only find out at the last second that you need to move to another lane; the other being a tendency for slip road AI traffic to assume right of way over people on the main road. But these quirks are things you'll get used to in no time and you'll have hours of fun delivering the heaviest and most dangerous loads all over Europe.One piece of advice though. Don't pick up any AI Hikers. You never know what they might get up to. :p"
76561198110111594,Recommended,227300,11562032,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,CoreB,I really love this game people say what is so interesting about driving a truck on motorways but it is addictive once you get started with it
,Recommended,227300,16126662,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Nickanator,"Was hauling yogourt one rainy night, until I fell asleep while listening to the raindrops on my windshield. I wake up to a yogourt covered, upside down truck on the wrong side of the road with cars beeping at me. Turns out when I was asleep, I ran into a car, hit the railing in the middle of the highway, my truck did a barrel roll over it landing on top of a car and forced all my yogourt out of the truck.11/10. Would haul yogourt again while sleeping.(P.S. Yogourt doesn't actually fly out of your truck, and yes, I actually fell asleep while playing this game at 5 A.M.)"
76561198076765860,Recommended,227300,15803965,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,arsec42,I don't know why i bought it but it's great.German radio simulator 2014
,Recommended,227300,15794925,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Necronich,I wanted to drive in England. First arrived and it was raining. Went into the right lane... not the left... got a job in England felt that something was off... slowly realized that everything was fliped. Made my goal to get out and never come back.10/10 would England again
,Recommended,227300,15946278,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,[ATG_001]AbangNakMain,Its a nice and super realistic. Easy to place a mod (no need to place a mod in complicated folder) because they has provided mod's folder on documentsuper recommended this truck game
,Recommended,227300,14889677,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ghost,"Brillaint game with great graphics (If your computer can handle it :P), perfect game to play if you wana do something while listening to music aswell :D. For the added entainment or just to play with friends try out the Multiplayer or the offical Euro Truck Radio :D"
,Recommended,227300,13463460,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Filho,"This game was a surprise for me, because i tought that it was a simple simulator, but playing you just feel good, controlling a giant truck, seeing beautiful places of the european roads, dreaming to that purchase, things like that makes this game a big surprise and such a good game... If you are interested in how the trucker simulator works, this game is a good choice, and even if you already know how it still a good choice. Once i believed that i won't enjoy this kind of game, and now i can say it surprised me a lot. As you can see i'm pretty happy with my purchase!"
76561198010643120,Recommended,227300,13466188,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hawk,It was a surprisingly fun game.Until I went to England and forgot they drive on the wrong side of the road. Went around a corner and hit a semi head on.10/10 English Jail is fun.
,Recommended,227300,16628288,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,UnderMan,Este un simulator de camioane foarte bun si recomand celor care vor sa se faca camionagii!!
,Recommended,227300,16561193,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Haxel,Best driving game in the world!
76561198142310430,Recommended,227300,18804139,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,jccatfish,What i gave to the game:TimeEffortDeterminationWhat the game gave me:ArthritisA glimps of how EASY it is to parkThe urge to drive on the other side of the road
,Recommended,227300,20316480,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SonsOfLiberty86,Step 1: Put on a Russian radio stationStep 2: Drive a shipment of cheese from Poland to Great BritainStep 3: £££
76561198063176981,Recommended,227300,10767927,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sailor Mars,Never have I experienced greater ecstasy than by playing this game.11/10
76561197994758606,Recommended,227300,13978131,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,WASTED,"Quite simply one of the most fun games I have, I have never wanted to be a trucker, never been interested in Trucks, but playing this game is just pure Joy, A great way to waste a few hours.Would I recomend you buy this game, 100% YES"
,Recommended,227300,7841885,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Warlock,"ETS 2 is masterpiece for everyone, who wants to try this job. I can recommend it."
,Recommended,227300,15357306,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Wadena,"If you like driving, if you like trucking, if you like the open road or if you like logistics, then this game is for you. I love it!-""So we crashed the gate doing ninety-eightI says ""Let them truckers roll, 10-4."" ~ C.W. Mccall - Convoy.-"
76561198168148086,Recommended,227300,23690473,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Cheap Cactus,If you like open world and driving this is the game for you! Great game thumbs up!!
76561198030179995,Recommended,227300,13223428,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,stebos,"love this game best sim ever.... the m,ods are great and plentyful"
,Recommended,227300,8676833,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,tazz.,"I have a Logitech Driving Force GT and it add's an element to this game that is simply unexplainable through words.It vibrates with every purr and putter from the glorious engine, the rough painted lines on the side of the road that make a oi dip♥♥♥♥♥♥you're going off the road noise also vibrate the wheel in a realistic display that makes the IMAX comparable to a 2DS.With the 900 degrees of rotation, reverse parking the semi trailer. I'm basically trained and ready to tune my 2way into the local truckies channel to inform them about my prowess.9.5/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,227300,19285589,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,desafinado,"Play your favorite playlist while ""driving"" and sleep when you're sleepy. I still confused about the rule on vehicle lights, headlight offense keep coming.....but who cares?By playing ETS 2, at least you don't have to spend money on travelling in Europe."
,Recommended,227300,31880007,Posted: 21 May,all,FristiFan99,"Spotify on, Beatles, Dire Straits, a cup of coffee (or tea, or hot coco) and this game = a relaxing, comfortable afternoon. I cannot stop playing. A perfect 5/7"
,Recommended,227300,28347812,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DJ Saveloy | Truckers.FM,Grreat Game
,Recommended,227300,10633080,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ItzKingKappa,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a truly refreshining simulator experience, I do not mean theres a magic tree in your cab refreshing your sense of smell but I mean its a good simulator out there compared to the others. Its got its strong points such as the actual trucks, the fast and quick development but its weak points including those silly AI! Other than all of that it is a very good game and everybody should consider buying even if you do not find driving fun, It truly will capture your immagination."
,Recommended,227300,13433334,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,bytespiller,"I don't know why I find this game so enjoyable, I don't even care about the trucks in the real world.This game doesn't cut corners about the scenery which is rich and ever-changing as you drive around the Europe, there is always something new to see. The game as a whole is very well produced and I haven't encountered any obvious bugs. I'd say this is high quality stuff all-around.Even though I already have over 20 hours of the game time (at the moment of writing this review), I haven't even touched the garages feature not hired any drivers for my truck company yet (didn't even upgrade all my skills yet). All I did so far was bought my own truck (you don't have your own truck at the beginning) and upgraded the engine and transmission with money I made from cargo deliveries. I'm taking my time to enjoy it and it's not getting boring, in fact just looking at the Steam store screenshots makes me eager to play more.Driving the truck feels very satisfying with Xbox 360 controller for PC and the game is generous with force feedback details.Also worth noting, this game is great to play while listening to the talk-podcasts or audio books. The game is relaxing and non-interfering in nature. As one of the reviews here say, it's zen-like."
,Recommended,227300,32932012,Posted: 28 June,all,GuardiaN,chill game
,Recommended,227300,26911299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tunikb,Start the engine. Take a look to the left... to the right. Signal turning to the left with the light and get on the road. Drive off into the sunset.10/10 would want to be a real truck driver.
,Recommended,227300,31360880,Posted: 25 April,all,Dr. Snurph,I flipped my truck on the way to LondonGood Game8/10
,Recommended,227300,32897187,Posted: 27 June,all,• Dannn',Beautiful game!!!
,Recommended,227300,18083490,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Jet Firefox,If you get the multiplayer mod for this game is makes it so much better.
,Recommended,227300,23833511,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Burny | Happysedits #25k subs,"Euro Truck Sim Logic :Cars going faster than you still you get the speeding ticketAnyway, this gabe is the best with some chill fantasy music, example:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vXj-eT3rF4or some chill streamer/video/podcast, just anything. When I wanna be the chillest person in the world i launch this game."
,Recommended,227300,18444241,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,alexjj11,"This game is awesome especially after the recent updates and dlc releases. I like the fact that you are able to drive nearly anywhere in europe, this is improved if you buy both of the map expansion dlc's.Although this game is very good the one thing it lacks is heavy loads, luckily there is a very good mod community."
,Recommended,227300,13482731,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,stingo pingo,"Screw you,Traffic Lights.Screw you, Speed Limit.And screw you, Cars. And especially you, bus.I don't need you. I have a truck that goes honk."
76561198055631052,Recommended,227300,13461835,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rafalo15,"I was challenged to see who was the better driver at this game. Named my driver Tiger Solomon and gave him a jewfro, won the challenge but kept playing because I truly enjoy playing this game. It's relaxing (except for when the occasional driver somehow doesn't notice you indicating). It has everything an aspiring truck driver could want: a radio that plays nothing but country music from the 90's, drivers who just don't seem to notice that there is a bigass truck right in front of them and ram into you, costing YOU money, and the ability to start your own company and pay other people minimum wage to earn you money for doing nothing. 10/10 would flip my truck over again (it was only the one time)."
,Recommended,227300,10572748,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bunicu Janos,TRACTORISTII SMECHERIE JOC!
76561198052524379,Recommended,227300,10951099,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AndrewK,"Do not be put off by other simulator games. This is far different.Euro Truck Simulator 2 is the ultimate driving simulator, offering the player a vast array of destinations across much of Europe.Unfortunately Spain and Portugal have been removed in this iteration of the franchise along with all of western France(There are cities there too, why are they excluded?). The developers luckily have added more destinations to compensate, most notably the inclusion of the island of Britain, but no Ireland sadly. Many new cities have been added to the map curing the barren look of ETS 1. No longer are you limited to 2 or 3 cities per country, now a myriad of cities appear dotted around Europe.The game works best with a steering wheel and pedals, but this is true for just about all driving games. However it is possible to derive a great deal of joy even with a keyboard and mouse. Alternatively it is possible to connect a gamepad such as an Xbox 360 controller. This will enhance your experience greatly, without having to break the bank on a wheel.The graphics are outstanding and don't require a particularly high end system to run at max settings, so long as it does not rain in game as this will cause frames to drop more frequently. The game is well optimised and so you can expect not to have to deal with many problems at all if you have a  somewhat modern computer.Overall this game is an exemplary simulator that shows us and developers what simulators can and should be. Simulators in recent years have been poor, half-finished, untested and quite honestly despicable games. Euro Truck Simulator 2 breaks this trend and thus is exalted into the highest echelon of simulation video games."
,Recommended,227300,13438644,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Flanno,"A Tour De Force in simulation, simply astonishing, no other game lets me cruise in comfort and earn virtual currency to pay back the crippling debts I have accrued from starting my own business.I r8 8/8 m8"
76561198091939518,Recommended,227300,13516469,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,CddxR,Rockzone Prague. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,10712720,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SO•Huski / [TFH] Founder / CM-01,"This is going to be the blandest review of a game ever (im used to youtube way of doing them)Pro's (Good stuff)Big modding communityBig mapEndless game (as so far im in 42 hours)Driving feels weighty, it feels like im driving a truck well somthing heavy atleast.BUGBEARS (Bad stuff)Cars can glitchGame crashes with some of  my custom painjobsPolice can be very badRoad worksImprove on:Mod capabilityMaybe make it eaiser for older computers/laptops to play this fasterVISUAL DAMAGEOverall damageWork well stuff:LAWSEngland doesnt rain 24/7The overalllllllGraphics: (i have to play this on low but it looks purdy) 7/10Gameplay 8/10Controls: 6/10Mods: 10/10Overall:8.3/10RECCOMENDED"
,Recommended,227300,15162112,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Charlie's Pick's,This game is like a drug once you get started you will not be able to stop i have even got my dad hooked plus with more DLC's on the way things are only going to get better so if you are still thinking about getting it then i say buy buy buy its only £14.99 for just the game plus there isa huge modding world out there to help grow your game.the more you play the game the higher up the levels you go and the more money you will earn which means you grow your company i hope this has helped you and happy gaming
,Recommended,227300,15464402,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,0svis farmskins.com,"I spent 200+ hours gaming this game and I can say this game is realy great because you can go around all europe by ProMods & RussiaMod (and if you wanna play with TSM Mod (western europe and Africa), but no ProMods, becuse game is crashing at last update(sorry TSM fanboys))So minus with plus-No old cars or trucks (I realy like old trucks)-Not realy great working MP-No cloud saveAnd another things in ETS2 IS GOOD."
,Recommended,227300,16366383,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Henlo My Guy,Just Lost My Driving Licence. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,13588968,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Akane,I hate driving games. I despise driving games.But I love Euro Truck Simulator 2.Can someone please explain why this game is so fun?
76561198009651331,Recommended,227300,14190487,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sharuzen,"epic simulator, nice game for alcoholic evenings ... as my friend said: "" I´m gonna truck my park"""
76561198071311004,Recommended,227300,29323462,Posted: 17 January,all,Cruxilion,"TL;DR: Buy it, you won't regret it.Nothing can compare to Euro Truck Simulator 2. It's not somehting specific but a concoction of many different things that peice this game together into a beautiful mix of stress and relaxation.The joy of roaming the world at the start, working for others in their trucks is blissful. Being able to ding the truck untill it is 100% damaged with no consequences makes the later parts of the game have so much more gravity and realism.At the moment of taking a loan out from the bank and buying your own truck is the moment it all becomes real. When 1% damage costs as much as £1000 of your own money is the moment you get serious about being a professional truck driver and not a suicidal maniac on the roads of Europe.But all that pressure washes away as you are making your delivery bound from London to Luxemburg when listening to the volunteer run radio stadion does Barbie Girl, The Crazy Frog, Blue (Da Ba Dee) and finally Sandstorm all play in a row. In addition to that, you can make you game even harder with punishment from the community like 'More AI Traffic' which ramps ups your frustration towards other drivers and your sympathy for truckers everywere.The fun really begins when you realise that you can turn off the speed limiter that is turned on by default and add 30+ mph to your travels. While it sounds like nothing, it doesn't feel that way when you make a poor overtake down a narrow mountain road with a blind bend and run your truck head on into an innocent oncoming vehicle.  Then you realise that 30k in repairs will bankrupt you so it's either that and make a perfect 30 minute delivery with no fines and 'dings' to pay off your mounting debts  or attempt to make deliveries with a truck that randomly has engine failures whilst bombing down the motoway at 80mph.10/10, would scream at poor AI drivers at 3am and wake the house up again."
,Recommended,227300,16657805,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Fluxxy,A must-buy game of the year for every year.It's just so addictive and fun to play! <3Also multiplayer makes it so much more fun
,Recommended,227300,27713448,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,8BitLifeHD,"So Addictive, Payed On Black Friday 2016 And It Was Totaly Worth It!!! I'm Now Addicted And It Has Amazing Graphics.PERFECT FOR THAT DREAM DRIVER!"
,Recommended,227300,2782890,"Posted: 16 January, 2013",all,MDK  Kaopy,Prepare to get comfy as never before.
76561198035714824,Recommended,227300,8872640,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Stanley Hudson,Very fun
76561198053647793,Recommended,227300,8736652,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,ZipsterMan,This game is awesome
76561198005255844,Recommended,227300,8586471,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Felipe Frota,"An amazing game. Feels great with the Logitech Driving Force GT, but if you want the real deal, you need the G27 with the H-Shifter. You feel like driving a real truck. The scenary is incredible. With time, you'll feel like driving through the same place all the time, but when you get to this point, you can just download a map mod that is released everytime, and it's free. Sometimes i use my projector, and it's amazing. If you have a TrackIR it will be only greater. You should give it a try, specially if you have a wheel that can turn 900º. You can download the demo for free at their website. I would not recommend playing it with the keyboard though, as it is a simulator. If you don't have a wheel, nor you intend to buy a wheel, stay out of it."
,Recommended,227300,9151037,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MashedPotatoes,"This game is basically everything you want it to be. You get into a truck and do your job - you deliver cargos, as simple as that. But it also does it quite well, it lets you create your own company, hire people to work for you, customize your trucks, even add your own soundtrack to the game library. If there are some speed eager folks out there, just so you know - there is a mod, that even lets you drive faster than 100km/h (there is a restriction, because of the speed restrictions in real life, you know)...Totally recommended for people who enjoy these kind of games!"
76561197987363382,Recommended,227300,14456974,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Ripper3222,"Why is this game fun? I don't know.I don't want to be a trucker. I've never wanted to be a trucker. But I like being a trucker.It's even better if you sing ""WE'VE GOT A GREAT BIG CONVOY"" at the top of your lungs."
,Recommended,227300,13044932,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Ugattie1611,"The only simulator game that really is a lot of fun, it is great to drive arround europe, explore it with or without cargo. Definitely recommend it!"
76561198053369888,Recommended,227300,13495669,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Drakovin,"One of the best simulators on the market, tons of contest, gread modding support, and suprisingly addictive. No im serious some one send help i cant stop playing this!"
,Recommended,227300,8559289,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Dmietro,Cool game^^
,Recommended,227300,12221582,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,AdmiralSpoon,A better Love story then Twighlight.
,Recommended,227300,10407178,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Jay,You can drive trucks and stuff.10/10
76561198058710764,Recommended,227300,13458270,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,DemonLordofUstio,"So I bought this for 3.74, and im like ""meh its something I can do in my spare time""Was on for 5 hours last night (went offline after like 2ish) and It wsa  a blast. It may not seem like it but it is an AWESOME game, recommend to everyone."
,Recommended,227300,20018603,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Alexi_TV | Twitch,I really have no idea why I can't stop playing this... Haaaalp.
,Recommended,227300,29030547,Posted: 5 January,all,Stezzy-[MK],Just sit back and relax. Perfect !
,Recommended,227300,19080176,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Ytho,This game is a mix some times you can be enjoying it and one minute later you hate it and you just want to finish a job. But it is super fun when you get into it
76561198072164291,Recommended,227300,18151036,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Edge,"+Simple, satisfying driving from A to B with nice scenery is relaxing and enjoyable in its own right+Trucks feel heavy and weighted, trailers more so+Huge map+Excellent meta-game running your own business+Large variety of trucks with highly detailed interiors+Having an in-game radio is a nice touch+Extensive options and controls+AI includes blind idiot drivers for added realism-Why does a speeding ticket for being 5 mph too fast on the M25 cost more than t-boning a hatchback?-Why are there speed cameras on the M25?-Quarries are black holes you can never drive out of without rescue-No option to automatically restrict radio stations to the country you're in for added immersion"
,Recommended,227300,13501798,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,cr,"show de bola, melhor simulador de caminhão"
76561198168690505,Recommended,227300,16724125,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,✡KINGELI✡,"One of the best driving sims out there, plays epic with my g920 wheel."
,Recommended,227300,21060250,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,F3ARN0UNO,This game is amazing. i flew from japan to spain in my scania in under 14 minutes because i was bored.
,Recommended,227300,20618356,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,maximbady #CHEEKIN,"I love this game! It's great graphics wise, and just a great game over-all. A very annoying thing for me is the constant speeding or traffic tickets. Other wise great game and definitely worth it money. 9/11"
,Recommended,227300,20416355,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,✪Νendax✪,Driving around Europe. Good gameplay chilling music chilling game. Awesome gameplay if you have a gaming wheel and i think it's better without wasd. Soooo some countries still missing like Balcan countries. I recommend this game a lot if you are a fan of truck and you failed your exams to be a doctor.
,Recommended,227300,28948475,Posted: 2 January,all,(╯°□°）╯,"The job was risky (transporting fireworks) but the payment was high. Reached the destination a bit late because I had to repair my truck.I was driving through one of the countryside roads of manchester. It was already late in the evening. I could clearly see the sun setting in the horizon from my left rear view mirror & the sky was red. It would be dark soon. In the radio they were playing ""can you feel the love tonight"" by elton john.Suddenly I heard a cash register sound effect & in my gps it said ""fine €400 for crashing into a vehicle""....had forgot to look into the right mirror....:/Welcome to euro truck simulator! The AI can be a bit wonky at times thus make sure it does not become a fine simulator! Completely recommended if you love travelling."
76561198071943466,Recommended,227300,26319319,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Felix,"This game is awesome if you want to listen to radio,drive trucks adn lose time"
,Recommended,227300,29488339,Posted: 25 January,all,Bagheera,I dreamed that I would like to travel and explore around Europe.This game makes my dreams came true.Hopefully developers will create a new game about route in Asia in the future same as American Truck Simulator.
,Recommended,227300,28522146,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,scttski24,love it best game as ats more fun trip long journey collect loads.
76561198017275546,Recommended,227300,29499035,Posted: 26 January,all,Sentinel,"I was sceptical. I tried the demo first. I still only picked it up when it was heavily discounted on a Steam Sale. But 60 hours later I'm still loving it.I really didn't expect to, but I've honestly had a wonderful time with this game.It's unlike any other driving game I've played. It's relaxing rather than adrenalin-pumping (unless you barrel around a corner and meet a traffic jam). But it is a wonderful experience, interacting with a caricatured version of Europe. Driving your way across a rich, detailed, interactive 3-d map of the continent."
,Recommended,227300,28999790,Posted: 4 January,all,♛Vazquez,My major is Logistics Management    in college，I think this could be all my left life.
76561198151482835,Recommended,227300,29018772,Posted: 4 January,all,FAbian,relaxing game
,Recommended,227300,28961160,Posted: 2 January,all,Kezehh,"Suprisingly addictive. Looks boring, but not as boring as it actual is. Good game to pass time when otherwise you would be just browsing through the same stuff on the internet."
76561198160490679,Recommended,227300,29092502,Posted: 7 January,all,Mr.Fines8,"Very glad I bought it, I really like just sitting down, relaxing, listining to music and driving nice Europe roads.I recomended."
,Recommended,227300,26976257,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DaHoLs,Just Good
,Recommended,227300,17327970,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Raja,"This game is simply awesome. I love playing it and have logged 11.5 hours on it so far in a 1 day period. It is also great with the ETS2 multiplayer mod to convoy with friends! Super realistic and has a reasonable approach to complexity, while still keeping it."
76561198035266566,Recommended,227300,10158624,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Staska,VERY GUD GAME
,Recommended,227300,20189265,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,yentl1,"This game is highly recommendedThis game has so many possibilitiesYou can play with mods, other trucks,with friend'sJUST BUY THIS GAME10/10"
76561198047023135,Recommended,227300,12370763,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,sher004,Great Game. A realistic simulation and helps a player to be familiarize with a truck. and to experience on how truck drivers do in real world. A must have game in steam and a great value for the bucks.
,Recommended,227300,17168306,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"Drove around in a truck listening to Art Bell, while drinking beer. Truck simulator very accurate. Oddly fun."
76561198258093875,Recommended,227300,20702244,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,_GhostDragon_,Bestest simulator on the market!!!
,Recommended,227300,21226035,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Very Buttery Bread,Gotta' love bein' a trucker.
,Recommended,227300,32767169,Posted: 25 June,all,Peshdaddy,This simulator makes you and your cargo become one. Nothing else matters. Not even CS:GO. The only way to make your trips profitable is to drive safe and obey the rules of the road. I adore the onboard radio feature. Lovely gameplay. The graphics are a bit dull though.
,Recommended,227300,13795959,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,derickball,Recommended.
,Recommended,227300,33239309,Posted: 4 July,all,Warped,"I can’t recommend this game enough, and the DLC only improves on this little gem. I was kind of apprehensive about buying this game. I heard so many saying it’s calming. That is what I was looking for. Something different from the fast paced killing, or hard thinking strategy games. I wanted to relax, maybe something I can play some music or listen to an audiobook whilst I play. Well I took the plunge and purchased the game. I was hooked, it’s so easy to get into even for someone like myself that knows nothing about the world of trucks. It was when I came to buy my first truck and I spent hours just messing about with all the possible customisations I knew I had to buy the DLC. Then came mods to add to the game, such as Promod. The whole game sucks you in, it is a drug. Even at full price this game is a winner, but find it on sale you have a bargain. Just be prepared for the hours to fly by."
,Recommended,227300,33234889,Posted: 4 July,all,HWAWE,"absolutely relaxing, good graphics and gameplay10/10"
,Recommended,227300,33224279,Posted: 4 July,all,xjustshootx,Very Good Game !!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,13672757,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Blocked,"Makes me feel like a real truck driver wanting to explore the world and honk my horn, 10/10"
76561197974458824,Recommended,227300,28847139,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Saltangen,There is nothing to complain about 10/10
,Recommended,227300,33079997,Posted: 1 July,all,Kikkomaniac,"Great rpg! Start new company, make few tasks with rent truck, take huge bank loan to buy own new truck and work like slave to get rid of loan. So stressful live with loan and avoid to not sleep while drive and drown to speed fines x_x5/5"
,Recommended,227300,33218671,Posted: 4 July,all,Troll #streaming on twitch,Nice and relaxing game
76561198327432897,Recommended,227300,33218799,Posted: 4 July,all,Flashiertree,This is the best game ever i recomendit to everyone.
76561198344978781,Recommended,227300,33231070,Posted: 4 July,all,akashshegde11,Fantastic game! Totally love it! :)10/10
76561198349279265,Recommended,227300,33219058,Posted: 4 July,all,GamingPro,Foarte bun
76561198026257611,Recommended,227300,27748246,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,suntoryjim,This game is really good. If you like Europe and exploring places by driving a truck then this game is for you. I highly recommend this game to owners of a Logitech G27 or of the like because it makes the experience of ETS 2 realistic.
,Recommended,227300,33256657,Posted: 4 July,all,Daffank05,10/10
76561198077249390,Recommended,227300,10288980,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,AloBre,"Great game,much fun. First time truck driver will find it very interesting to play (nothing like one might expect).Game has it all:  the atmosphere, great graphic, various wehicles, nice landscapes. You will drive in mountains and plains, travel trough different European cities and countrysides meeting deadlines, paying tickets for speeding etc."
,Recommended,227300,10289419,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Frarmer Jawn,"Europe a♥♥♥♥♥♥  Toll roads only in France.  J'ai Euros avant a Jew.  170 bends and Bulgurs are Nazi.  Bad drives in GB, all on wrong side of the road.10/10 -Ign.com"
,Recommended,227300,20231960,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,DRI-FIT Cotton |  csgobounty.com,This is ♥♥♥♥ing best game I've played!!!!!!!!!
76561198073735465,Recommended,227300,11171363,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,stunt man is [Läzy],Awesome Truck Simulator. Probably the best out there. At first it takes time to get used to the steering as in any game it takes a while to get acquainted first. The roads are as real as it can be and the scenery are just beautiful. I always stop in the middle of the road to take some snaps. Game play experience varies according the the truck you are driving or the mechandise you are delivering. Great game if you are into Truck Simulating.
76561198234928160,Recommended,227300,31167719,Posted: 15 April,all,PJB Haulage LTD,Just brilliant
,Recommended,227300,28593433,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ImMaxa,"I'm not a big fan of trucks. I certainly don't hate them and do acknowledge their enormous importance to our economy. So when I spotted this game a few times on Steam I did not give it much thought. However, nearly a year ago it was on sale and I thought, why the heck not try it.Oh dear, what have I done... It is so relaxing to cruise around Europe delivering cargo, enjoying the sights on the way. A very big map with plenty of roads to drive on and cities to visit. There are three DLC's that expand the map, I strongly recommend all of them.Also, while the game itself is very good, it is made even better with map mods like Promods. I honestly don't want to play the game without that anymore.Want some relaxed gaming to unwind, and have a (small) interest in geography, roads and/or trucks? Play this game!"
,Recommended,227300,13437972,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Jigglyshit,"Hopped into my truck and turned the radio on to some of my favorate Earthbound music. Drove on a highway and looked at the pretty landscape. Havn't been this relaxed since I was ""prescribed"" hydros. Now it's time to build an empire.Pros:- Very realistic visuals- Various settings for control, such as using mainly W and S to move or you can have it so every possible function of the truck is operatiable.- Relaxing as ♥♥♥♥Cons:- Your peasent console gaming friends will make of you. But who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,227300,26129835,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,NaughtyGamer,THE BEST SIMULATION GAME EVERi just love this game it moves fine it drives asomeand the multiplayer is just asomebuy this game you gonne have fun with it
,Recommended,227300,14864142,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,{{ DàVinci }},"Somehow, I feel like I should own a real truck after playing this game. And a real job with this truck. (But yeah). Awesome driving game ever10/10"
,Recommended,227300,11473258,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Veosyn,"This game is so simple but my god is it good. Its a great simulator and you just mindlessly drive for hours on end trying to reach your destination. It may seem boring but if you like simulation driving games, I recommend it."
,Recommended,227300,28698373,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Euro Truck Simulator 2....its arguably the most successful simulator ever created. It does what it does well, offers the gamer a moderately accurate experience, great levels of customization and a laid back gaming experience. Its hard to even say much more about this game, its beautiful graphically, well designed and its an experience I fully recommend."
,Recommended,227300,7857534,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,LANKY© - www.oliversmith.rocks,"I played the original Euro Truck Simulator to the death so this game is nothing new, what I do find attractive about it is how well they have mixed up and changed the countries. Playing in the UK for example on the old one using Euro's and using European Road Laws really told me they had no interest in the UK versionand made it purely to line their own pockets...After much putting it off I finally picked up this one and it has truly been an expereince!Short Review this as you have to really pick it up and play it!10/10 from me... a Superb Simulator! I almost can't wait till my Oculus Rift comes in the mail now!"
,Recommended,227300,15264662,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Lewis,This game is fun!
,Recommended,227300,26768805,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪ incano,"This is the first trucking game i have played properly, its a relaxed game with beautiful scenery. This game is worth the money and i am prepared to spend money on the add ons that keep getting released. Absolutely spot on game i have no complaints, well done to the makers to put so much effort into this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,33555707,Posted: 15 July,all,♠Tophat Pigeon♠ farmskins.com,"Good game, I am struggling with loans though since i am impatient and want to upgrade my truck asap after unlocking stuff"
,Recommended,227300,10496111,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,boogsley,"I don't know why I love this game, but since I've bought it a few weeks ago, I've put 52 hours into it. I drive a lot for work, and yet I end up coming home at the end of the day and loading this up to drive some more.Maybe it's the graphics (gorgeous landscapes), the relaxation (I'm a fan of NERadio House music internet radio), or maybe it's just that it's nice to actually get progression when driving (as opposed to the nebulous progress one makes in real life). Whatever it is, this game has something that makes truck driving an enjoyable & leisurely experience. Every time I play it, I consider actually becoming a truck driver...Oh, and the updates & additional content that the devs keep loading up is much appreciated! I'm sure I'll get bored of this game eventually, but as long as there are 3rd party mods & dev additions, I'll keep on truckin'."
,Recommended,227300,11135785,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,InsanityTheory,"The game is fun yes. I bought it yes. Would I recommend this, yes and no. Its fun and all but it gets old. I almost quit till one day my friend showed me multiplayer with it and then it revived my intrest. Its fun and the laughs never end. Thanks and see you in game."
76561198063445555,Recommended,227300,11134036,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ArcticSIoth,Relaxing and awesome :)
,Recommended,227300,19744546,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Jemburosu,play > crash > buy steering wheel > still crash > buy mouse > enjoy
,Recommended,227300,16934102,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Vadson,Awesome game
,Recommended,227300,27637772,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,javanesse,"awesome terrain's, many modification's, and i think i want to be a truck driver."
,Recommended,227300,14576489,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,EdgeUHF,"Get this game now. It's really fun. It's the best trucking/driving sim at the moment. It's not a racing sim though and it's not sandbox style, Feel free to check out my screenshots of it.You get to drive really long distances, there's rain too, and you can stream live radio stations.The only downside is that a lot of places and signs look the same; but there's a lot of places to go to and a lot of different trucks. Also a lot of accidents with cars aren't my fault. The AI is pretty stupid. Also the speed cameras are incredibly unforgiving.I currently have a fleet of 4 trucks and 3 other drivers on my team. They suck at bringing in money so I can repay the loans I took for the trucks from the bank. I don't have a problem yet."
,Recommended,227300,7866893,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Rebel Yell,"*honk honk* Euro truck sim is a great game! its very easy to learn the ways of the road and how the game runs, at the first there is a LOT if grinding for cash but when you buy your own truck the game gets a whole more complacated!"
,Recommended,227300,33337907,Posted: 7 July,all,FaridScofield,its very goos smilator game
,Recommended,227300,21334802,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Bananaburger,I got one person to play the American Truck Sim Demo and I feel incredibly accomplished. Maybe one day I'll be able to turn everyone I know into a truck in some form or another.
,Recommended,227300,8698190,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,johndrinkwater [🐧︀ 🎮],"Great game, would be epic with achievements. wink."
,Recommended,227300,33076666,Posted: 1 July,all,Ghost Lord Gabi,"Well...what should I say, after around 300-350 hours in this game (a lot of them offline), I think i am finally ready to write a review about this.There is not that much to say to the base game tbh. It is a truck driving simulator...well excited? Probably not. Because I wasn't either. How come that I have that many hours in this game? Well, to put it in a nutshell, it is the community. Things like ProMods and TruckSimMap are giant projects which really change the game in a lot of ways.The most amazing project however is going to be TruckersMP, a lot of people will probably argue, that in multiplayer everyone drives like an idi*t and that's the entire reason i play MP. Just try to drive with the maximum allowed speed on a crowded road. Trucks will overtake trucks while overtaking you. Just looking at such things lets me fall off my chair.I stopped at some point to take things seriously in MP, if you do that too, it can actually be great fun.A big thanks to the great community that helps to develop such great content around such a weird game concept. You guys rock :)Gabriel"
,Recommended,227300,11698345,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Dr. Nebsterio,"Put on some music, chose a long route, turn off the lights, and drive.  Definately has the WTF factor but if you are willing to look beyond that you will find a decent simulator which has you managing a trucking company and gives you the itch for the road.  Don't get the powder, let it itch; savor the itch."
76561198032796396,Recommended,227300,19949274,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Prallics,"Excellent realistic driving simulator. Select your radio channel, put some country on, get a load and hit the road! Amazing realistic driving and enormous (simplified) map of Europe. Different cities and landmarks will pass along the way. Be a trucky and drive into the night, until you run out of gas or need a rest. Good job on this game!"
,Recommended,227300,14944777,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Lay Beside Me,"It is boring but real simulator ! when you go from Bratislava ( capital city of Slovakia) to the London, it is aroung 1500 km and the road there is very boring and long. the time to spend is around 1 hour. But it it good game ! :D"
,Recommended,227300,26820580,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TurtleBoi,The “Just 5 More Minutes” AwardSometimes I find it hard to sleep at night. One night I decided to open up a broadcast of Euro Truck Sim as my initial opinion was that this game would be boring and upon watching 5 minutes of gameplay I would be sound asleep. I was very wrong. Within a few hours I had befriended the person streaming and was deeply invested in making my own trucking company and taking over the industry. The next day I grabbed my choc milk and waited outside the game store waiting for it to open so I could purchase this game.Pros- Very soothing and relaxing gameplay- Extensive map spreading across most of Europe- Attention to detail is amazing given the whole surroundings- Traffic programming was surprising well done. They generally comply with road rules. After 80 hours of gameplay I finally caught a car crash- Multiplayer- Extensive mod workshop support. For example I was driving a Pikachu truck in Iceland- Many trucks to choose from- Realtime radio ranging with many different genres to suit your taste- Truck shifting and mechanics overall realisticCons- Some of the cities in different countries look identical- No mods in multiplayer hahaNow I can't sleep because I lose track of time whilst actually playing this game10/10
76561198001826330,Recommended,227300,13808809,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Nectaria Coutayar,"Well after almost 30 hours of playing this game, I thought it was time to write a resume about my endeavours. It's the first time that I use my steering wheel+pedals (Ferrari F430 FFB) not for a racing game and the experience has been a combination of relaxation, concentration and just joy of playing a game with a serious note.Although many features of this game remain to be explored for me, I can highly recommend this game for people who are looking for a relaxing yet long-term game investment. Doesn't mean you can't have fun when you start out, but when you get the hang of this game you'll want to progress.It never feels like a grind, and is excellent at spending a few hours just driving around, doing your job.Graphics are more than allright, although not superrealistic. However certain landmarks or road features like the ""Soleil de Langres"" on the A31 from Metz to Dijon are available for bigger immersion.As trucking life is limited to 90kph I don't believe this game is recommended for people who love fast action-fast pace games. Can very well appeal to an older generation of gamers like me though.It appears this game also has excellent mod capability for any kind of feature and features internet radio if you put it in your gamefolder. Personally I enjoy the yellow headlights mod quite a lot as it makes me feel like driving my own day-to-day car as well.9/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,227300,12999499,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Rusev,"Destroyed my truck on the first cargo delivery.10/10, would drive again."
,Recommended,227300,12884141,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Koiiya,"Haven't been playing for too long, don't need to, to understand what I've learnt...This game was designed so that you don't have to be a truck driver, to drive a truck.----------------------------------------------------------So come closer and let me tell you a story of true pain.It's daylight, the sun is high in the sky and you can feel the warmth of its rays through the windowshield- but you start totyretire of the same old motorway you drive down, with the same old scenery- 2D trees and sunflowers line the grassy banks of the road, their single-toned colours hypnotizing you.And as you begin to lose focus your consciousness starts to slip away into truck heaven wherethe godess 'Scania R730' awaits you, but alas you can't have her just yet. All the while your grip on the wheel loosens to a point where the music playing over the stereo is all but a distant sound, it won't be too long before reality gives you a nice wake up call.The GPS that's holding onto the dash is telling you something-'that can't be right' you think to yourself as you calculate the situation at hand- as being an ""experienced"" truck driver you've had to deal with this kind of thing before right? But it's different this time, you're on two-landed motorway in the middle of nowhere with traffic barriers preventing your escape on either side. The GPS is showing a red line that clearly indicates you need to turn around as you've missed your turn-off... but how, there's no off-ramp for miles and this big ol' truck of yours is in no shape to be doing a U-turn in such confined spaces... Or is it?And that is the story of how you end up stuck in a ditch that could be classed as a minor hole for a couple hours somewhere in Europe waiting for an imaginary insurance company to come save you becuase you're great at delivering on time, every time. Or at least that's what you tell yourself.------------------------------------------------------ETS2 is the worth the buy, I don't think there's much more to it."
76561197973996137,Recommended,227300,12968762,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,skeezix!,"A detailed, engaging, suprisingly good game.Buy it."
,Recommended,227300,20860219,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Strontium,"This game isn't about the action, no, it's about taking in the view, and just relaxin', driving around the vast roads of Europe. As a fan of simulators, I gotta say, this really hits it out of the park with some of the most thrilling mechanics out there. There're always new things to do, including, but not limited to, customizing your truck, discovering new roads and cities, running a trucking company and getting some sweet dosh.While I may not have a computer worthy of max settings, the views just look good anytime, anywhere. Nighttime, daytime. Sunny south, overcast north. Rainy west, mountainous east.I like this game, both as way to have a good time, and a way to chillax and take a break from the action. Oh, and if you really like the game, make sure to get the expansions.If non-actiony simulators aren't your thing, or you just suck at driving in general, this may not be your thing.If perfect games were a thing, this would be one of them, just because there is so little to judge about it."
76561198127572407,Recommended,227300,28900885,Posted: 1 January,all,Artful Dodger,I recently got a G27 wheel - The immersion is so real - I actually  play this game with a flask of coffee and packed sandwiches.
,Recommended,227300,24086634,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,klv273,1. Drive home IRL in horrible traffic2. Get on Euro Truck Simulator and repeat driving in horrible traffic.3. 10/10 immersion!
,Recommended,227300,13007118,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,barleypoper,"Game is oddly addictive.After 300 hours I am  at level 52, 100% done with acheivements, own all garages, 154 drivers driving delux volvo and scania trucks, earning 8 million per day with close to 200 million in the bank and the fun is only just going to begin as I now am entering the world of mods.  And yes, I did do all that without using and cheats for $ or fast leveling up and etc.Currently I am driving in Russia in the snow with a whole new batch of companies, loads and towns to explore.I think I might buy a new truck now as the game has got the fresh new smell again."
,Recommended,227300,33343567,Posted: 7 July,all,Fonsworth,Get the TruckersMP mod. It's a 3rd party Multiplayer mod. Multiplayer has thousands of guys out there playing and forming virtual truck companies.
,Recommended,227300,15340935,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Logan_Rocks | VTC-R,good game. like it
,Recommended,227300,33320351,Posted: 6 July,all,Doctor Whomst,peng
,Recommended,227300,28646430,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Let_ME_Know,Spending hours and hours driving in Europe's best landscapes has never been so good.
,Recommended,227300,20443157,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,☠️ armpit ☠,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a game that you will either love or hate. Personally, I love it. I first started playing SCS's trucking games with the 18 Wheels of Steel series. A friend gave me a copy of American Longhaul and it got tossed on the shelf as I thought I would have no interest in it. A few months later I decided to install it and after half an hour of play I was hooked. I then went on to put many hours into all the games in the series.I received ETS 1 in a bundle one day and set it aside to play at a later date, but I never got around to it. Then one day a friend of mine told me he had bought ETS 2 after playing my copy of ETS 1 through my shared library. He was one guy that I thought would not enjoy a truck driving simulator (in fact he originally ribbed me about playing 18WOS), so I was surprised when he started raving about it. That was enough for me to buy the game and all the DLC.Once again, I am hooked on a trucking simulator and it is great. ETS 2 is leaps and bounds above all of the previous efforts by SCS, both in terms of visuals and gameplay. There is still the problem of braindead AI drivers, but that is something you will learn to anticipate and it does not become such a problem after a while. The visuals are stunning, you just have to look at some of the screenshots to see how pretty this game is, and the truck models are fantastic. All of the trucks feel different when you drive them and you will soon find your favourites and those that you loathe to drive.With the addition of mods, especially some of the map mods available, the replay value of the game increases. There is even a multiplayer mod that regularly sees thousands of people on some of the servers. It is quite a sight to see hundreds of people lined up trying to get into Europort.The game is also linked to theWorld of Truckswebsite which offers external contracts, events, and more. The site is only alpha at the moment, but with the imminent release ofAmerican Truck SimulatorI can see more features being revealed.As I said this is not a game for everyone, but if you like simulators and you like trucks then you will probably like this. As for whether to purchase or hold of for ATS, I would recommend buying this and then also ATS when it is released.5/5"
,Recommended,227300,11185962,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Vivisector,"I have been having quite a lot of fun playing this game, even though I admit, there isn't much going on.  I guess that's why it has ""Relaxing"" as a tag.You start out by driving trucks, and making deliveries for other companies until you are able to save up enough to purchase your own truck.  You can customize it to your liking, and do upgrades to it by pulling into a garage.  Then you can purchase Garages, and start your own trucking company buying trucks, and hiring employees to drive them.  The one problem with the Company part is there is no degree of difficulty.  Just keep buying garage spaces and trucks, to get a pile of drivers earning you money.  Unless you do something silly like totally maxing out the bank loans, you can keep this up endlessly.  Another problem.  You can mod up your NPC Drivers trucks, but you will never see them on the road.The company does seem to be quite dedicated to building the game up yet, adding new content, and fixing alot of things.  And there is a huge modding community, although I haven't downloaded and used any mods yet, and not sure if I will.The games UI seems to be quite decent.  Cars will let you in if you have you signal light on, but occasionally they will ignore your wishes, much like real life.  The only problem, occasionally on underpasses, the UI will screw up and cause huge traffic gridlocks, and the only way out seems to be driving in the ditch around the area which can cause collisions (Which you have to pay for), damage to your vehicle and the load, ect.Another nice little option they added.  They have a Radio in the semi's that are set to play local (Euro) radio stations via the internet.  So as you're running your load through Berlin or Paris, you have the option of switching to an actual radio station in the area to make it seem even more authentic.Lastly, I will warn.  This game will be boring to many.  I am use to playing racing games, or am always expecting to see a deer or something jump out in front of me when I am driving at night.  Instead, the game is more about scenery, getting the loads to their destinations within the time limit, ensuring you don't run out of gas, crash, roll your heavy load by taking a corner a bit to fast, watching the speed limit (yep the police in game do have photo radar everywhere) as well as red light cameras and they even give fines if you don't have your headlights on as the game starts going into dusk.   The game is made in such a way that you can actually tell what type of load you are carrying by how your semi reacts on the road.  You can actually feel it straining to pull many of the heavy loads, especially when you are starting off, and have semi's with engines that have lower HP."
,Recommended,227300,6848550,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,JamieBhoy,"This game is a true simulation, I never thought i could have so much fun just driving a truck around Europe in a game, But honestly it's amazing it completely suprised me in everywar possible! I would suggest this game to anyone out there that loves simulations or even wants to try one, Also i may add that this game also has a crazy amount of mods that you can download to it to make the game even more intresting than it already is, Controls are easy even with a keyboard! If you have a steering wheel then obviously it makes the game so much more fun and realistic!"
76561198052551928,Recommended,227300,10669906,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,izi30,It is an awesome game. You can't get bored with it.
,Recommended,227300,8421891,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Someones Left Ear,I don't know why I like this game but I do.
,Recommended,227300,10428,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Huskies xD,Brings out the Trucker inside you. Strangely addictive o.0
76561198075473493,Recommended,227300,28863437,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Hirame[ヒラメ],The best trucking simulator I have ever played.Definitely 9/10.
,Recommended,227300,20475275,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,[APG]RoboCop[CL](Linux),"Well for those you like to drive in 2-ton Trailer lorries as well enjoy watching the beautiful scenery, then this is the game for you. You get to choose to drive 7 factual truck makes and journey across the EU. Saddly not all countries in the EU are open as you will need to download the DLC to unlock the Nordic countries. Also South Italy, Spain, Portugal, Greece, Finland and some former Yugoslavian countries are not available. Sorry.But overall this game rocks!"
,Recommended,227300,27570185,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Desert Gzus,"Really good, calm and comfortable. Some mods help it out for personal edits (weather, trucks etc), the multiplayer mod is fun as well.The only let down is it doesn't have cloud save so you have to manually backup your save.(And careful on some mods as they can corrupt your vanilla save)"
,Recommended,227300,13697544,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,bread.snake,"I love this game. On the surface you may just see a simple truck simulator, but when you dig deeper, you notice that you were completely right before. However, once you've done so you seem to develop an affinity for this game, and before you know it you cannot stop driving trucks (in Europe of course). Theres really a sort of serenity and joy you feel when you put music on the in-game radio in a language you can't understand and drive around a country you've never seen but somehow can't help but feel you belong there. I'm pretty sure that's what love is like.TL;DR: Euro Truck 2 is love."
,Recommended,227300,22977987,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,d4nny,Drive Trucks
,Recommended,227300,13080934,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Tomás,Amazing Game  5 stars really cool play hours and hours
76561198083874182,Recommended,227300,12622367,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Squatting Slav,"awesome game, I would recomend using a joystick or gamepad just for the better experience and precision"
,Recommended,227300,10932520,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,OfficialGameLight,One of the Best Simulator Games Possibly to Exist. SCS Software have done an amazing job on this game and it keeps getting better through updates and patches. And the Currently in Alpha Multiplayer Mod also makes this game one of the best. I love this game
,Recommended,227300,6592519,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,CouthInk4,This is by far the best Simulator game i have ever played. I highly reccomend buying this game and playing it.. Not everyone can say that they drove a semi truck across Europe... But once you play this game you can officially say that you did:)
,Recommended,227300,18297671,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Endothlyne,"This games is very relaxing. Almost too relaxing because I nearly fell asleep at the steering wheel, then realised I was about to miss my turn off before nearly crashing into a barrier as I panicked and made a hard left.10/10 but make sure you drink plenty of red bull before those long haul journeys."
76561198002280913,Recommended,227300,8496863,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,andylaugel,"It's a very relaxing sort of game. Kind of makes one sleepy. ;) That said, it takes a lot longer to improve skills, buy a truck of your own, customize it, etc. than the preview makes it appear."
,Recommended,227300,27193452,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,aznbeast_78,Great game if you just want to enjoy the open roads. I would highly recommend playing with a wheel.
76561198029612638,Recommended,227300,7552906,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,s.plisskin [Arch linux],"This is the most fun i've had playing a vehichle simulation ever. Awesome graphics details in world scenery as well as the trucks, inside and out. 112 hours played so far and i've only had the game just over a week."
,Recommended,227300,9274187,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,THELASTMASTER,Euro truck simulator is a very good game for those moments were in a game you have to get out of the car but you want to keep going.
,Recommended,227300,13034270,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Leucopsar,Good (Y)
76561198074226181,Recommended,227300,7698641,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,K-Money,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is the kick in the face you need to realise that it is the best game invented. You start of by creating your character and trucking company. What they don't tell you is the backstory. Your protagonist had a terrible life where his familly got captured by the CIA and the only way to get them back is to dominate Europe in a mass of trucking glory, and this game does just that.The realist physics make you feel like you are actually a trucker working hard to dominate europe and finally render Eddie Stobart useless.You of course can hire fellow truck drivers to help you with this but because of the recession they end up costing you more money than its worth.Overall I would have to give this flawless masterpiece of a game a 10/10 just for it's rich backstory alone."
76561198121452865,Recommended,227300,31739594,Posted: 13 May,all,Vodka Bottle,I just bought it and its amazing! I don't care how realistic it is it's super fun!
,Recommended,227300,24157146,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Pangia,"This game is some kind of phenomeon. It takes horrible amount of time to adjust all the settings to your likings, it's impossible to not stop your truck from less than 30 km/h instantly after pressing brake pedal (I don't think anybody plays ETS2 on keyboard), AI is incredibly dumb, annoying and somehow way stupider than in any 18 WoS game or even a f♥cking 10-year-old Bus Driver, map has very limited use and is painful to read (I've played countless hours in 18 WoS Haulin' and map there is like comparing heaven to hell). At the very 1st gameplay I got lost in quarry and had to restart. During rain my game drops under 20 FPS. Intersections are a real f♥ck-up, what bloody idiot thought there are classic crossroads that allows you to get onto the highway? Also other intersections are so narrow it's hardly possible to turn there with any kind of trailer attached. I don't even like ETS2 too much as still I had to get used to best settings I could achieve, but still my Logitech DFGT spins so easily I could drive my virtual MAN using only mypennies– nonerectile. But this game… I have no idea what it is, but let me tell this this way. I have two jobs and one of them is being a driver in car rental company – vans, freezers, also big trucks like those in ETS2, but my driving license doesn't allow me to drive them. But still – after doing this for whole week I sit in my chair and I'm doing the same f♥cking thing through most of my weekend."
,Recommended,227300,20238588,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ShadowZ GameZ,I Like The Game ALOT. Its Fun And Very Addicting.
,Recommended,227300,12341150,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,14123,"Coming in to Euro Truck Simulator 2 I was not expecting very much. However, despite low expectations, EST2 has managed to sink its well-oiled mechanical talons into me and awaken the trucker within.Slowly but steadily improving your trucking empire makes for an addictive and rewarding experience, making all those hours spent on driving across a miniature rendition of Europe a worthwhile endeavor.  The aforementioned, paired with the ability to drive along the autobahn without having to worry about having two tones of metal smash into your face at 120 kilometers an hour makes driving a relaxing affair. Additionally, EST2 can be played in a wide variety of formats, from keyboard and mouse to the full on steering wheel experience, with assistive controls everywhere in between, making it assessable enough for newcomers while accommodating for the experts. Overall, EST2 is exactly what you would expect it to be, with no shortcomings or unneeded extras, just a well-polished, addictive and enjoyable trucking experience plain and simple.  I recommend dusting off your feed cap and flannel shirt and giving this one a go, even if you are not a gearhead like myself."
,Recommended,227300,10162707,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,۩The Hoonigan۩,Euro Truck Simulator 2 is one of the best truck driving/simulator games I have ever found or played. It is alright when it comes to the basic game but it is AMAZING when you add all of the free mods. There are litterally thousands. Download the demo and give it a try!
76561198068232407,Recommended,227300,19431082,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,GetForkStabbed,"This game is great, some would say amazing. But one thing i dont like is that Syrians not forcing your trailer doors open and get in trying to migrate into europe with your truck like uncivilized barbarian scum. I rate it 8/10 on realism."
,Recommended,227300,24402131,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,NO_MANZ_LANDZ,Fun to play fun to mod nice to look at. Overall a great game.
,Recommended,227300,20051776,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Naxis,"Looks boring until you start to play, it's a relaxing experience with great visuals. Put a good song on the radio, hit the road and enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,227300,11865189,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Brebera,"You know, sometimes somene asks you, why do you play ETS 2. And you reply beacause you like it, you can play with your friends etc.. but now, during my night chill drive i wondered why i really like this game - yea, driving is good, multiplayer is good.. but what is the point, why im still loveing this game ? and then a reallized why. You can travel all around the world, meet the places where you already been to, and remember all the great experiences you have experienced here. You can remember that fun, that feelings.. its so intensive i can see it again, feel it . Its sooo good. Oh shi... it made me almost cry... I recomend to all - go and relax, listen to some of your favourite songs, and enjoy the ride ! :)#5/5"
,Recommended,227300,33134002,Posted: 2 July,all,ムEfflorescence,Я доволен
,Recommended,227300,29522052,Posted: 27 January,all,JodyWanKenobi,Brilliant game and let's me relax!
,Recommended,227300,10511980,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,💕 𝓐𝓶𝔂 💕,"The best driving exeperience on Steam. With a force feedback wheel (I use a Logitech G27) this game is immense fun and so relaxing to drive through the European countryside. The developers are doing a splendid job too and keep expanding the map with fantastic DLC. On top of the official DLC you can install an unoffcial map expansion mod called Promods which is fantastic and adds so much more to an already large network of roads. throughout many European countries. Also there is an unofficial multiplayer mod called TruckersMP which replaces the AI traffic with real people which is really fun especially when you experience that virtual road rage on the Calais - Duisburg road.10/10 I recommend this game and to play it with a Logitech wheel, I personally recommend a Logitech G27 as that is the best experience I have been getting from this game."
,Recommended,227300,24319848,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Old Nerd Gamer,"For me, this is a tremendously relaxing game. I wanted to be a trucker when I was younger, but things didn't work out. Now, I get a second chance without the real life hassles. Picking up, dropping off, long winding roads with lots of amazing scenery, all while listening to European radio in the cab. Stylizing my own truck, management of my garages, drivers, and extra trucks is just the icing on the cake. Playing with my racing wheel and TrackIR makes it all that much more immersive and enjoyable.All that said, I would like to see SCS put the work into ATS that they have into ETS to make that a great game as well."
,Recommended,227300,13204145,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Volleybal4life,"It's a very addictive game! The realism is just awesome, and even more awesomeness is being prepared right now by SCS! I can't wait.Myself, I'm playing ETS2 on my primary profile, of course, with a mod called ProMods. Which enhances the games realism big time! And it adds a lot of countries like Iceland, Romania, Spain and Finland!www.promods.net. Over 1250 hours of playing time now, and still counting!I love this game, greatest trucksim ever!"
,Recommended,227300,19795845,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,wafflexd,I have literally sat infront of my screen watching a steering wheel turn for 60 hours.10/10
76561197993707363,Recommended,227300,33293421,Posted: 5 July,all,RoP M.T.N.,top relaxing game
,Recommended,227300,27473067,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,♥ ♀ Edyta Górniak ♀ ♥,Biiip Biiiiip!
,Recommended,227300,9755016,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,KingOfManyWombats,A great game just to relax and play!
,Recommended,227300,31787681,Posted: 16 May,all,Anarchy,The best driving simulator ever!
,Recommended,227300,15713323,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,IPR3DATOR Gaming,really good game played it since its been out amazing
,Recommended,227300,6820268,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Bastion,"If you are into simulators, this is a good one.Even if you are not, give it a shot.You probably saw trailers and some videos of gameplay and you may be wondering ""these trips take an eternity to do, what a boring game"".I wouldn't say you're totally wrong, but i still would say for you to try the game considering this:- You don't have to follow the rules. Do dangerous takeovers. Go on the wrong lane in the city just to escape traffic lights.- Turn off the speed limiter. Go faster than cars on the highway.- Put music on. There is an in-game radio with some good streams of international radio stations. Or just turn on you favorite music player and play the game.If you do that suddenly the game becomes a lot more interesting."
,Recommended,227300,29348065,Posted: 18 January,all,ItsLeAshton,"The last review I posted for this game was kinda cringy, and was posted when I only had like 5 Hours in this game, so I'm here to write a new one. This is my favorite game on Steam at the moment, and nothing comes close to it except for American Truck Simulator. This game is HOURS of fun. You get to travel all over Europe as King Of The Road, a European trucker who sets out to conquer the continent one delivery at a time. The graphics in this game are SO close to real life, that it's almost impossible to believe it's not real. Not to mention, this game has Endless DLCs for cheap prices, AMAZING Paint Jobs for the trucks, and very unique concepts. Not to mention, I can listen to Metallica and True Scary Stories From YouTube Narrators while trucking. The achievements are grindy and take blood, sweat, and tears to earn as well, and there's nothing I like more than a game that takes effort to get 100% Achievements in. To wrap up this review, SCS Software is an AMAZING Dev team, and there's no scenario in any dimension where I'd give this game a negative review. Thanks for many hours of fun SCS, and here's to many hours more! ;D"
,Recommended,227300,24938438,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,SplitteR2B csgoatse.com,"If you are fan of Open World Driving Simulation, you will pretty much like this game. It has beautiful graphics and it's relaxing to play.When you have a bad day just open ETS2, play your favorite Radio Station and Drive for best relaxation.If you are buying this game for multiplayer don't do it, it's completely broken, you won't be able to make any progress, because you will always be late and you won't make any money!If anyone know the fix for multiplayer, let me know.But Singleplayer is 10/10EDIT: Multiplayer is fixed and at this point this game is 11/10!The only thing I would like to see in multiplayer is AI, streets are kinda empty without them."
,Recommended,227300,28963396,Posted: 2 January,all,King George III,"After over 150 hours of playing this game, my most played game on steam, I have decided to review this game. It is an incredible game with an incredible community. The graphics still look great and I prefer the art style for this game over ATS, and the game never gets boring as there is a huge modding community making great content and the developer still makes contnet and updates for this game. It has VR and 3d support. It is a unique game that is great for just putting on the radio, which connect to real internet radio stations, and just cruise across the beatiful scenery of Europe and curse at the BLOODY F#$!in speed cameras that get you for speeding all the time! But get this game, for $20 it is so worth it and I prefer it over ATS."
,Recommended,227300,13397488,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Chicago Cyclist,"To be honest, I've always wanted to play a decent truck simulation game ever since I was a kid, and once I finally found ETS2, I was extremely surprised about how smooth and enjoyable the game is.Are you feeling stressed because of work, school, or other issues? PLAY THIS GAME! It will get your mind off things while still enjoying the nature of transporting goods for your company.I really do recommend this game, it's definitely one of my favorites."
,Recommended,227300,23917947,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,kmsold,"DayZ recommendation...:::http://store.steampowered.com/recommended/recommendgame/221100:::...----------------------------------------------------ENGLISH VERSION BELOW----------------------------------------------------Итак, передо мной стоит задача написать отзыв об этой игре.Я попробую сделать это таблицей:ХарактеристикаОценкаПлюсыНедостаткиГеймплей9В целом всё хорошо, мир большой, работы предостаточноЕсть много недоработок, а также багов, например, грузовик застревает в дороге, уничтожается и ты ничего не можешь сделатьГрафика8Тянет на 8/10, красивая погода, небо, но лучше надо было прорисовать машиныОпять же, надо было прорисовать посторонние машины, графику направить на блики, отсвечивания и размытие.Сюжет9Сюжет вполне себе неплохой, хотя его и не назовёшь сюжетом. В игре присутствует как бы ""Новая игра"", т.е. полное развитие твоей компании с нуля, очень много работы, маршрутов и т.д.Иногда маршруты бывают слишком длинными, что очень утомительно.Ландшафт, прорисовка, тукстуры10Карта хорошо сделана, много мелких, и даже не очень, элементов сделаны на ура. Большая работа была проведена при создании ТОЧНОЙ копии карты со всеми дорогами и нетолько. Жаль ,что в большинстве городов закрыты проезды, поэтому стоило бы им предложить сделать свой мир как бы на острове, было намного интреснее и крче в плане графики.Минусов практически нет, за исключением картоннх деревьев, которые смотрят в твою сторону.----------------------------------------------------ENGLISH VERSION----------------------------------------------------So, for me the task to write a review about this game.I'll try to do this table:CharacteristicsEvaluationBenefitsDisadvantagesGameplay9In general, all is well, big world, plenty of workThere are many flaws and bugs, for example, a truck stuck in the road, destroyed, and there is nothing you can do [/ td][/tr]Graphic arts8Pulls on 8/10, the beautiful weather, the sky, but it was necessary to draw the best machinesAgain, it was necessary to draw the foreign cars, schedule to send to the glare, glare and blur. [/ td][/tr]Plot9The story itself is quite good, although it can not be called a plot. The game has a kind of ""new game"", ie the full development of your company from the ground up, a lot of work, routes, etc. [/ td]Sometimes the routes are too long, it is very tiring.[/tr]Landscape, drawing, tukstury10map is well done, a lot of small and not very even, the elements are made to cheer. Much work has been done to create an exact copy of the map with all the roads and netolko. It is a pity that most of the cities covered passages, so it would be necessary to offer them to make their world as if on an island, and it was much intresnee krche in terms of graphics.minuses there is little, except kartonnh trees that look in your direction.[/table]"
,Recommended,227300,9756069,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,big trench,best drift simulator!!
,Recommended,227300,9752412,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,BonGas,This Game is Awesome you can relax here listen to the radio ride a truck  ride true Europe its just Awesome Awesome game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,9754808,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,C.C,"You can drive to Sheffield with a cargo of Steel pipes while listening to Radio Yorkshire, a working mans game for sure. Aup."
,Recommended,227300,31130621,Posted: 14 April,all,Redstone_Cat,"This is a very cool and relaxing game. It is a fun arcade game with a simulation twist. Although it is a simulation game there are some things you can't do which you should be able to do in a sim like clickable interior and the ability to hop out of your truck and many others so in that respect it is more arcade like. It is not a fast crazy racing or shooting game it is just a slow chilled out that you can relax to as you drive through your truck through the cities of europe. The base game starts off with a couple of cities but then you can get DLC and mods to extend the map size. I like how many different mods you can download for this game from steam workshop mods to mods from websites, there is alot to extend the features in your game. Although it isn't a full sim I still love the game and IDEFFENTALYrecommend this game to... well anyone you don't really have to be into simulation games to enjoy this game.Happy trucking...:D"
,Recommended,227300,17686123,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,xXxDJ Ma$tErRo$hIxXx,"Very relaxing. Usually Don't play longer than 1 hour/session, because i am falling asleep.10/10"
,Recommended,227300,24139255,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Kerminator,"This is my first ever review on Steam, and I must say I never expected to write my first review for ETS2. I bought it during the recent Summer Sale and took a chance on it. Going in I knew from experience that I loved sim games, but I was just expecting this one to be silly.I couldn't have been farther from the truth. There are some limits to the sim sure, but this looks and feels like you actually are trying to build a trucking empire across Europe. This is now my go-to game when I want something a bit slower paced and relaxing. I highly recommend for anyone that plays to download a bunch of podcasts or audiobooks that you have been wanting to catch up on or maybe you haven't listened to before. (Check out NPR's Serial podcast series)This function in the game really sells it for me, I can catch up on all my latest football (soccer) podcasts and also listen to great stories all while working towards having a massive trucking empire across Europe. I suggest playing with a Steam controller or another controller if you don't have one to make the steering a bit easier, or you could go whole hog and buy a steering wheel. Just remember to customize and tweak until you find all of the buttons and steering to your liking.I plan on buying American Truck Simulator once I've had my fill of ETS2 and I couldn't be more thankful that I took a chance and added a great sim series to my library."
,Recommended,227300,21850132,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Bunta Fujiwara | CapN_Cook,"A beer, A spliff and a steering wheel!Let's do this!"
,Recommended,227300,26210786,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Spyder - Truckers.FM,Best game I've played so far!Couldn't ask for a more realistic and fun game to play!
,Recommended,227300,33168188,Posted: 2 July,all,Rider,"When I first bought this game, I had mediocre expectations - I expected it to be a game that I would play for approximately 5 hours, then forget about.  But really, it surpassed my expectations on being a game that is both relaxing and fun (which is quite surprising for a game that consists mostly of driving on the same road for hundreds of kilometers).   I also highly suggest getting the multiplayer mod (you need 2 hours of gameplay first though).NOTE: Game time speeds up the drives so it doesn't actually take 11 hours in real life to drive from one place to the other."
,Recommended,227300,33072710,Posted: 1 July,all,Astalonte,"I drive a lorry for a living (for real). After 10 hours work I left my 17T and I head home. Then, I drive a even bigger lorry for at least 3 hours more. Now game is more realistic than work and I think It will be more importatn after I open my second Yard.This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good."
,Recommended,227300,8804169,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,possboss,"Euro Truck SimulatorI wish i could format my words into a grand begining but this statement simply has to be bursted out in the first sentences. This is by far one of the best and most entertaining games I have ever played. Do not get me wrong, I am not at all into driving games and let alone into trucks. I am not a car guy nor do I know much, or try to customize my vehicles in either real life or games. However this game has made me a fan of the monstrous 18 wheelers and the life on the road, hauling whatever will give me the most pay.The game starts you off as a business owner of a trucking company with no truck. You work your way up by doing random jobs for other companies and in short time you manage to purchase your first truck. This is when the real experience started for me. The ability to free roam and discover new cities is fueled by the discoveries of new dealerships and new recruitment agencies, a much needed feauture in order to expand your company. You can watch your garage, scratch that, dominance over the European roads grow as you do more jobs, gather wathever currency you may please, and hire more drivers to work for you.Simply the game is as realistic as driving the real thing. An extremely complex driving engine, with more controls than I know what to do with them. The ability to expand your company trough hard work and right choices is very rewarding. You can buy new garages and upgrade your old ones. Hell you can even take loans and there is interest to pay. As I write this it is becoming more and more difficult to explain what is so captivating about this game. I downloaded the demo as a joke, simply because: C'mon, it's a truck driving game, who on their right mind would spend a dime on this?"" Three hours later my big rig persona was hauling dangerous gasses around germany and taking faries in order to drive on the wrong side of the road in  the UK. The game is complex but easy to pick up and beautiful in the simplicity of the idea. I recomend it to all my friends, regardless if they are into simulators or driving games, simply because I truly believe it is one of the most fun and most entertaining games I have every played.I am still in shock and very much dumbfounded to why I would spend 30+ hours on the game, but I will not rest until I dominate the hauling market, and I can assure you and myself that the road to dominance will be a fun filled experience. 10/10 a must buy! Look for steam keys on bundle starts or get it from steam. Wherever you may get it from, you will not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,227300,33291904,Posted: 5 July,all,warum nicht?,Really atmospheric. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,28234584,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Antiscamp,"OK, so I come from a long line of truckers. My grandfather's father was a trucker in Northern Finland during WWII; he freighted machine parts for the Swedish Airforce and supplies to the German troops stationed in Lapland during the war and was even bombed once by Soviet bombers so he had to hide under his truck. My father drove in Norway's icy mountains where the roads were so deadly that you needed snow chains to not fall off the cliffs and the summers were so hot that his tires were boiling when he came down the mountain. My brother drives to Italy and Spain and sends me texts from the top of the Alps, from Paris or the Mediterranean and pictures of Vesuvius and tells me how beautiful the Spanish women are and stuff. Personally, I couldn't even complete the tutorial in Euro Trucker.10/10 Would feel like the family black sheep again."
,Recommended,227300,929966,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Tiny Warrior,Nice and realistic game
,Recommended,227300,20140395,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,fascism,killed my son 4 dis 1
,Recommended,227300,23741607,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,khasoesjaya,I play it before i go to sleepSo much relaxing
,Recommended,227300,10794806,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"If truck driving was as fun and engaging as it is in this game, it'd be the most desirable career of all time."
,Recommended,227300,31768345,Posted: 15 May,all,Mattick,"Tota noi ni, siis tä on siis ihan hyvä rekkamies simulaattori, tässä voit kuljettaa puuta, sementtiä, kaivureita, toisten peräkärryjä, p,askaa ja kusta. tämmöstä se rekkamiehen elämä sitten varmaan on, istut rekassa jolla ajat 600km päivässä, ajat huoltoasemalle, tankkaat, meet nukkumaan oman rekan sänkyyn, heräät ja teet koko jutun uudestaan, näköjään ei tarvii ees käydä kusella tai p askalla, ja näköjään rekasta ei ikinä pääse ulos.tän pelin takia mä en aatellu tulla rekkamieheks koska en ikinä enää pääse rekasta ulos, tai no ainaki tää simulaattori sanoo näin, et juuh sanon että 4/5 Juhon pitäs ostaa tää tai sit ryhtyy mansikkatarhuriks koska sen tomaatit on homees"
76561198168229687,Recommended,227300,17717620,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,USATrucker379,"Best Trucking game ever in my books.  WOS games doesn't come close to comparing, If Trucking is your passion, don't think about it, buy ETS2. It's worth every penny. Including DLC packages. (Can't wait for ATS to be released!. :)  It's a excellent game. I have over 500 hrs into it and yet, never get bored of this game. Expressly with experiencing with Mods and trying to see what works and what don't. Overall it's a 5 star game, there's no winning or losing, you just gain skills and being your own boss, buying garages, extending your fleet. The only down fall I have, is that you can't buy your own personal trailer and having it being loaded or unloaded. However, atleast SCS is still making updates for ETS2, they always adding new things in the game. Never know what's next on SCS list to create in this game."
,Recommended,227300,12523152,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,John798,-This game is the best driving simulator I've ever played in all my life. 11/10 for me :D-O melhor simulador de condução que eu já joguei em toda a minha vida. 11/10 por mim: D
76561198203805705,Recommended,227300,35156921,Posted: 23 September,all,FrietSaus_,"Great game, play it alot!, Really worth it!"
76561198070313736,Recommended,227300,19232155,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Good ol' Rohan,This game is amazing. It's very simple yet very complex in execution. It is also incredibly accurate in terms of driving and traffic laws. Another thing about this game is that it feels almost theraputic. Stop wasting your time and buy this game.
,Recommended,227300,30835891,Posted: 30 March,all,stefko pagac,this is one of the best game i ever played! :D
,Recommended,227300,27859312,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KalNii csgobig.com,Great game!
,Recommended,227300,26914437,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,causevd,"As you can tell from the name, it's a simulator. Let's just start this review off by saying, simulators are not for everyone. In Euro Truck Simulator 2 you take the wheel of a tractor trailer across Europe. You start your own trucking company and make deliveries. As you progress the distance gets longer and the money you make increases. Honestly, this is one of the best simulator games around. It's a great way to just sit back, relax and pass the time peacefully. Nobody is yelling at eachother like in multiplayer games. The only thing you have to worry about is keeping your truck in its lane, not hitting other cars/trucks and stopping for red lights. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves driving games and who maybe looking to get into simulators.Pros:-Great Time Passer-Good Graphics-Very Realistic-You Drive All Across Europe-Learn How to Manage Your Own CompanyCons:-There is none, buy this game.Final Verdict:10/10"
76561198030720390,Recommended,227300,13232067,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Deltavee,"I wanted something completely different after playing lots of rpgs, this seemed to fit the bill.I've read other reviews claiming this game is ""relaxing"". I won't go that far because you have to pay a lot of attention while driving, it is, however, a straight forward driving sim, no racing, no one shooting at you, no airstrikes from alien motherships, just you, your truck, and the road. Well there are the occasional kamikaze drivers on the highways that stop for no reason when traffic is going 90 kph. ;)The game has two parts, the actually driving part and the business part. You start the game with nothing but the skill to drive and have to take jobs from other companies to build up your cash. You can also get loans from the bank if you want/need them. Once you get your own truck your then free to look into the frieght market and get jobs there using your vehicle.Once you have enough money either from saving it or borrowing from the bank you can start to buy trucks, upgrades for trucks (engines/lights/paintjobs/etc) and garages. You can also hire other truckers from recruitment agencies scattered around Europe. You can upgrade your garages also, from simple metal shacks to shiny ultra modern vehicle hubs. At your garage you get a bunch of controls over your employees from hiring to firing. Oh! Almost forgot, you must supply your employees with the truck, they don't bring there own rides.As for the graphics, I'd say its up there with just about any of the car race games around today, the day/night and weather cycle is dynamic and visually nice to observe. The cars and trucks, the roads you drive, the signs, lights and countryside are all crisp and detailed.Sound is pretty good, if nothing exceptional, you hear rain and thunder during a storm, your own truck sounds just like a semi, even the sound of planes near airports and trains at crossings, all in motion. The only motionless background I found a bit cheesy was the frozen breakers coming off the water when your by say the English Channel.Game play isn't hard at all if you want it that way, you can use k+m with WASD if you like, or a game controller, or even all the way up to total sim level steering wheel and shifters (I've seen some guys kit this out to a @.@ extent on Youtube). Backing up the truck with a trailer on it is /hard/ but thats not the fault of the sim, its just a hard thing to do well. If you don't wan't to do that, however, the game lets you just hit enter at your destination and your automagically parked.I've found this game oddly compelling, its not relaxing in the sense a Myst style game would be with just pretty things to look at, but its emotionally neutral, no worry about killing or saving the hostage or whatever, just get the load to its destination and save for that Volvo FH16 you wanted. In this sense it really /is/ a simulation, both of driving and managing a small business. It makes you feel the freedom of the road and the sense of competence and satisfaction when you get the job done.If your looking for Mike Bay style 'splosions, you will hate this thing.If you like train sims you'll LOVE this thing.Great game, can't say I'm not loving it.(My system specs: Intel Quad i7 4790K, Nvidia GTX 770, 8 gigs mem)"
76561198044823031,Recommended,227300,25983131,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,iStrong,"Simply put: The best truck simulator game out right now, which summoned ATS thereafter. A very relaxing and enjoyable simulator, where your objective is to drive big heavy trucks with big powerful engines and big trailers around Europe(and beyond, with mods). Looks like a simple boring game at first, but it's anything but. It's very addictive too, and tons of fun to drive along to some music. Also has a rather good multiplayer mod(not official). Definately worth the buy, if you like driving and exploration games."
,Recommended,227300,25985776,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Synkke,"Absolutely one of the best games I've ever played, realistic, good looking and great whit all the different DLC's and mods. <3"
76561198029229449,Recommended,227300,25879230,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Ben47,"I have been playing this game  for over 300 hours and clocked up over 100,000Kms.It is a very life like driving simulation and quite relaxing. Some people may scoff at just a truck simulation but until you try it you don't know whayt you are missing out on, The truck details are spot on and the scenery is very realistic. The ongoing updates just add more features and realism each time they arrive. I highly recommend getting a steering wheel and pedals to makit esaier and more realistic I plan on getting American Truck Simulator as it appears to be as good if not better than ETS2  in it's own rights, the teaser videos make it look really good. This game is a good as it gets, if you like driving a car or larger vehicle you will love it. No screaming around doing wheelies or driftng just plain old driving sensibly. 5 Star Rating * * * * *"
76561198204919579,Recommended,227300,25989201,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Simon,Good game but falls short without Scandinavia and Going East. Also ProMods is a must for truly enjoing this game.
,Recommended,227300,26080933,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ｇｕｃｃｉ,"Very realistic, you need some patience but I think this is a very relaxing game. No need to really rage other than if you crash every single minute. But other than that this game is not hard to get into and during my 2 hours into this game its very fun.Relax, play your favorite music and drive a truck it's very simple."
,Recommended,227300,26816274,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all, Hrcak,"You should get this game if you :- love trucking games- love developers that put a lot of effort and listen to the community- expect hundreeds of hours of gameplay content before getting bored (which happens only if you are not driven by driving but rather progress)- expect a lot of mods from dev community- want a good bang for your bucks, this game offers so much more content for what it asks in term of price.Issues that bother me personally but should not affect purchasing in general (as in, once you put 200 hours they become annoying but you wont notice them before that mark ) :- You will actually need really good GPU if you want to get this to work on 60 FPS at maxed out settings and look nice- Optimizations are not that great- Extremely annoying AA issues, rendering in the distance without good scaling just looks awful and kills the joy- Really annoying interface prevents fast usage of basic tasks, such as switching trucks, traveling to garages, switching drivers etc.- Companies have no use except to annoy you and let you teleport, plus once you get few of them that work good, you lose all the will to progress, because you will have so much money that you do nothing with ...- If you have a really old save, quick saving takes minutes ...Anyway, if you do get bored in single player, you can always use Multiplayer mod which is fast with updates to ensure that you will play with your friends on latest patch ASAP.Multiplayer is really fun but AI is incredibly good, so if you want to play alone go for it.There are really amazing areas and so so much features.ETS 2 is really worth the money, the content, the mechanics, all the trucks ... just amazing.So while this game has some annoying quirks, it's actually amazing and all the good that it is makes the bad look silly.That's why I nominated ETS 2 for Steam Autumn Reward ""Test of Time"". As it appears, there is no end of this trucking ""adventure"" in sight, and especially now that ATS got released and both games get semi-equal updates.We're in for a long ride my friends, join us and keep trucking."
76561198302202739,Recommended,227300,26132773,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,hachibi666,"i really dont know what it is about this game, but theres something about that always pulls me back to playing it for hours at a time, for anyone looking for a relaxing game i highly reccomend this, doing deliveries earning money and building a truck empire is just so satisfying especailly when you download mods for deliveries to places such as tesco or aldi. this is definitley the sort of game you'll end up playing again and again without getting bored."
76561198091587683,Recommended,227300,13800961,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kooz,Don't drink and drive
,Recommended,227300,20123465,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,みつは,I was texting and driving then my truck flipped over.1000/10Never text and drive.
,Recommended,227300,28128942,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Drzat,"looks boring, sounds boring, but how is it so fun! Has to be witchcraft because this game never gets old! By far the best simulator game!"
76561198343796437,Recommended,227300,28129987,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,harveynossent87,I have spent so many hours playing this game and trying to get your own truck takes a very long time.
,Recommended,227300,28063070,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Reshie |,"The best out of all simulators in my opinion.Euro Truck Simulator 2 has been out for quite a while and has changed at lot since the start. With map expansion DLCs such as 'Going East' and 'Scandinavia', there is so much more to explore and with the upcoming 'Vive La France' there will be even more to explore. With the additional DLC, you're sure to find a place of your liking to have as your truck HQThere is a good variety of trucks, the 7 makes in the game are: Scania, Volvo, Iveco, MAN, DAF, Mercedes-Benz and Renault. Some of these trucks have a couple of different models but there is sure to be something you'll like. A range of different cabin sizes so if you prefer a small sleeper truck you can have that, or the much larger sleeper cabins. If you want to take things a step further, you can modify the exterior of your truck with accessories and of course even pick some paintjobs. There is additonal DLC which you can buy which will allow you to modify the interior of your truck, let you pick from a wider range of paintjobs and more.This game has a lot to offer, if you like driving (trucks especially) then this is sure to be a game for you."
,Recommended,227300,25330007,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Alice Cooper,"There's actually not a lot to say about this game. Mainly because it's not really that eventful. You start off with the map of Europe and the UK. Then, through DLC's, you get to venture into Scandinavia and Eastern Europe, which previously where off-limits. Those maps are actually quite immersive, well as much as they can be. You see, as far as the graphics and immersion go, it's pretty standard. There's a lot of detail when it comes down to it, such as all the enviromental objects like trees, walls, NPC's and so on, but every town features the same basic structure, with only slight differences in the layout. Cities aren't actually cities, more towns at best. They all feature 2-5 blocks max. The only distinguishing features that resemble and reflect the towns they're impersonating is the low-quality landmarks associated with the town that can be seen in the distant skies, beyond the city limits. The business side of it does add some fun, a sense of responsibility and management. You get to hire & fire drivers, set up garages and expand your business over every town in Europe.The Multiplayer can be fun, if a little aggressive and even annoying at times. IT's an unofficial add-on I think, and it's servers are usually over-crowded with terrible drivers from all-over the world who are usually too young to know about Highway Codes or any other driving rules, inevitably getting into collisions usually due to their own impatience. Not to worry though! When wars break out, there are admins (most of which are also kids) who police the servers, quite effectively too. Multiplayer is a bit of a rollercoaster, which can be fun in it-self. The roads are empty from NPC's and you will only occasionally encounter another player when not in the Netherlands, where most of them dwell (particularly Rotterdam & Europoort).7/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,227300,25333023,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,robomakaroni,It's a great game!
,Recommended,227300,29449337,Posted: 23 January,all,floppy.exe,Great game !
,Recommended,227300,20547444,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,{PK} HastyPixels,"This game serves to increase my respect for real truck drivers, demanding more skill than I possess by creating an experience that is relatable to the actual practice of controlling a massive, many ton vehicle in a world crowded with inconsiderate drivers and seemingly narrow spaces. Graphically impressive as well, and proven to be satisfying for real drivers. If you've ever toyed with the notion, the full asking price is a worthwhile experiment.Those pleased with the venture can trek deeper into the territory with a plethora of cosmetic DLC, which is the only kind (perhaps except some episodic post release content) worth buying. With Europe as your primary rolling turf, DLC lets you expand into the East and Northern territories.If you're impatient and expect to fully explore this world, the deluxe bundle is a great buy. For many of us this is the only way we'll get to see picturesque Europe in all of its paved glory."
,Recommended,227300,27297350,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WolF,Nice game!
76561198129227156,Recommended,227300,35329213,Posted: 30 September,all,Winnetou,Relaxing game
,Recommended,227300,1089512,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,tehsid,"I see you. I see you there, looking at this with your judging eyes.Go on. Buy this, and see how long it takes until you skip dinner because ""♥♥♥♥ I JUST GOTTA DO ONE MORE RUN TO POLAND THEN I SHOULD HAVE PAID OFF MY FINES AND LOAN AND♥♥♥♥♥♥ITS 3AM ♥♥♥♥!"""
,Recommended,227300,14828681,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,the1observant,"Let's get to the meat and list what I DON'T like about the game...1. It doesn't have any piggy-back hauls. You should at least be able to pull 2 short trailers at once and drop them off at different locations, as well as being able to choose your own piggy-back haul from 2 different suppliers. Killing 2 jobs in 1 long haul would be awesome.2. Not enough truck accessories. I've seen truckers really deck-out their ride and practically pimp it with mutliple lights, neon ground FX, DVD / TV, game consoles, outrageous stereo systems, interior uphostery upgrades, even compact microwaves and fridges, but nope ... none of that here ... bummer.3. No animated cut scenes. It really needs some, especially during transit on ferries and trains.4. Resting process is lame and empty. It needs an actual restroom break and/or a trip inside a convenience store while refueling. Truckers got to have their coffee, jerky, and twinkies ... you know?5. Headlight and Taillight systems of A.I. traffic is rather dull and dim both in the mirrors and on the highway. This might be hardware related, so maybe we just need a slider adjustment to brighten them and add oncoming traffic lense flare.6. No functioning radios, No CB chatter whatsoever, not even a check-in for dispatch. The best you can do is to find a stream link to an online scanner or CB repeater and add it to the game's stream player list.7. No physical viewable damage to anything. The game really needs this to be an ultimate hit.Things that I like...1. Love the engine and environment sound FX. Most realistic samples I've ever heard so far.2. I really enjoy picking up a load from a quarry. It's almost as if I can feel the weight of the trailer tugging on the tractor. Plus the gearing sounds climbing the hill out of there is super awesome too. I'm impressed!3. More sound FX ... DAMAGE EFFECTS. Those sounds make it fun to deliberately tear up your truck. Just needs some physical damage to go with it.4. Really like all the city layouts. Some are very spacious.5. Pedestrians are a nice touch.6. So many roads to choose from.7. Scenery is very pleasant outside of towns.8. The ability to hitch and unhitch at will is very cool.9. Extra lighting accessories are a big plus. Very helpful for night driving.10. A.I. vehicles have quality intelligence worthy of being obstacles.As you can see, I like it more than I hate it. I probably would recommend it."
76561198100957875,Recommended,227300,13770050,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Holliyan101,Driving slow to be sure I dont ♥♥♥♥ up my ride i had a impatient person riding my butt well they tried to pass around me I floored it and they hit a oncoming car head on 10/10 good game did all this while listening to conway twitty on the radio:)
,Recommended,227300,8858095,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Big Danny K,"The best trucking simulator yet, It will only be surpassed by American truck simulator!If you like trucks then it's the game for you!"
,Recommended,227300,25459987,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Tohma02,Brilliant game love it <3
,Recommended,227300,13447629,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,EVOOM #Retired,;)
,Recommended,227300,25473513,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,RPM212,"Good game :P add more radio stations, and Portugal :D"
,Recommended,227300,15903016,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,engineer is spy,feels so good when banning trollers from multiplayer........100/10
76561198362187880,Recommended,227300,33652739,Posted: 19 July,all,the general lee,very nice
76561198130437850,Recommended,227300,11351213,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,CharlieBoy,it is a adictiv game
,Recommended,227300,8469712,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,phob7a,"A very fun but poorly named game.  It isn't really anything like a simulator and a better name would have been Euro Truck Tycoon.  The 'tycoon' aspect of this game is very good and I hope for the next version that they expand upon it by possibly letting you hire & manage mechanics, dispatchers, etc.  To improve the simulation aspects I would suggest adding insurance and drivers license consequences for accidents, make accidents visually realistic (visible damage) and more catastrophic.  To further improve the immersion more diverse weather is needed (where's the snow in the mountains?), and consider improvements to the wear & tear mechanisms as well.  To expand on the arcade aspect of the game, adding police who pull you over rather than just auto-tickets would go a long way but also adding some sort of bidding-for-jobs against competitors or a race aspect (bonuses for early delivery?) would be fantastic.The driving aspect of the game is good and can be challenging, however if you are looking for a simulator then Euro Truck Simulator may not be the game you want.  The scenery in this game is gorgeous, and if you like working toward expansion goals you will enjoy hiring & managing drivers, buying garages and trucks, and building skills."
76561198080386624,Recommended,227300,33473122,Posted: 11 July,all,Norman Atomic,"Seems super boring on paper, but trust me it's fun as hell. Even for someone like me that's never even been to Europe. A great game to play if you're trying to cool down after a heated MOBA or FPS. Honestly the ability to run your own company from any almost any country in Europe is tons of fun. You need to take out loans and make smart long term investments. There's also a radio function that allows you to copy over music files off your PC to play in game while you're driving. Take it this way, at the time I'm writing this I only have 20 hours in the game. In that 20 hours I've only travled across 14% of the map. Driving from one end of the map to the opposite in the base vanilla game would take probably about 2 1/2 hours IRL time, which is like almost 2 days in game time. Your driver needs to stop every once and a while and sleep, or else you'll pass out at the wheel. You also need to watch your gas meter as it can run out and leave you stranded on the side of the road with a big fee to get towed to the nearest city.ok I'm done rambling. Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥its fun."
,Recommended,227300,32959378,Posted: 28 June,all,Pingu,You can drive around Europe and deliver things
,Recommended,227300,11125919,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Felix,This game is Nice.
76561197995381979,Recommended,227300,7677172,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Billy_Brightside,"This thing is a bonafide time robber, and brings back fond memories of when I did the real thing. Really enjoying it with my new Logitech G27 wheel/paddle set. Couldn't imagine playing this without a dedicated wheel and shifter. You start out as a hired driver (which gives you an opportunity to try out the different models of trucks) and eventually buy your own truck, and ultimately buy numerous trucks and hire drivers to keep them rolling for you, in effect, building your own company.A midnight drive through a lonely highway in Holland, it was raining and I could barely see the road in front of me. Then lightning flashed and in the grand scope of that blue light, I saw old fashioned Dutch windmills spinning in a hayfield like ghostly sentinels. I couldn't help but smile. I knew I had really stumbled onto a gem with this game. Trance music streaming out of an Amsterdam radio station was just the icing on the cake."
,Recommended,227300,9819348,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,Great game. Something to play if u just want to relax
,Recommended,227300,18277398,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Meguca,"A game constantly being cared by its developers and at every update fixing, improving and adding things when they could just forget the game selling up at Steam - especially when SCS is making *another* game at the moment - like other devs do? That alone is a very big reason to buy it.A year playing it, and I'm glad I bought it. They even bothered improving the game for players with low-end machines, like me. Totally recommend it.Also, modding is simple and there's tons of mods out there, the game has a very cool feature (and just improved in the last update) for managing mods in-game. Community is also cool. Really, there's very few things here and there, but not bad at all.I know it's weird, trucks and all that, but once you start playing (especially with the feature where you can listen to real-life radio stations while you play/drive) it, you won't want to stop.WARNING: YOU MAY START THINKING ABOUT TRUCKS EVERYTIME YOU SEE THEM ON THE STREET.WARNING#2: YOU'LL BECOME A TRUCK DORK."
,Recommended,227300,7701067,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,👌 「🅱ＡＲＡＭ🅱Ｅ 🅱ＩＮＤＳＥＴ」 👌,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a surprisingly engrossing game.  You take on the roll of a young truck driver, getting odd jobs driving for companies to make a living.  Eventually, you make enough money, or take a bank loan, to buy your own truck.  Once that happens, you're finally in the running for making your own company."
,Recommended,227300,18433153,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Choriburger,"It's friday, 03AM, im alone in my truck, listening to Taylor Swift, then the beat drops and when i look behind me, all the trucks and cars crashed, here you have endless hours of driving and a lot of time to think, life, school, women (We will never understand them) and a lot of things of your life, so yea it's like a Moving-Philosophical simulator, i totaly recomend it, those times that you are alone, thinking and listening to the music? Pricless.15/10"
,Recommended,227300,8522551,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,"Hail to the king, baby",Game of the year.
,Recommended,227300,12810634,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Stoner inside,Love this game! the only thing that could make this game even better is being able to pick up ladys of the night. who wouldn't want a good ol sticky shift while driving to france
,Recommended,227300,12809869,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,ScarredAlphaWolf,this has got to be the best sim ever!
,Recommended,227300,14709757,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,E.Warren,"Well... Euro Truck Simulator 2.I dont really know how to start with this review, but all I can say is that you will want to read this if you are not so sure on buying the game. Let me put it out there, this game is one of the BEST simulation games I have played. It puts you in a EU map, with realistic city/town names. It gives you a fariety of delivering jobs to haul across Europe, or even just to the same city that you're in.The truck is one of the most important things in the game (obviously). SCS software put in HUGE amounts of time, to record sounds, take pictures just to make sure the truck in game is as perfect as it can be. The company (scs software) is suprisingly a small (ish) company. They have only less than 40 people working in the WHOLE company, which for a developer of a massivley sucessful game, its quite good.SCS Software team keep updating the game, they keep adding DLC (extra content) which is sometimes purchasble, or just downloadable. They update maps, trucks, handling, coding... anything you can think of.The modding in the game, is also what makes it so lovable. They make it easy for modders to put new things in the game, such as new aspects like maps or new trucks. to keep the community rolling. This promtly puts me forward into the community side. There are thousands apon thousands of people playing as realistically as they can, to stand themself out of the rest.If you have a spair bit of cash, why not try the game out... its perfect for all types of players!I 100% recommend this game!"
,Recommended,227300,8426749,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Haters,"Teen drinking is very badYo I got a fake ID doe!Yeeah, yeeah, yeeah, yo, 2 step with me, 2 step with me1, here comes the 2 to the 3 to the 4,Everybody drunk out on the dance floor,Babygirl♥♥♥♥♥jiggle like she want more,Like she a groupie and I aint even on tour,Maybe cause she heard that I rhyme hardcore,Or maybe cause she heard that I buy out the stores,Bottom of the 9th and a ♥♥♥♥♥ gotta score,If not i gotta move on to the next floor [""♥♥♥♥♥"" - dirty version],Here comes the 3 to the 2 to the 1,Homeboy trippin' he don't know I got a gun,When it come to pop man we do♥♥♥♥♥♥for fun,You aint got one ♥♥♥♥♥ you betta run,Now i'm in the back gettin head from my hunz,While she goin down i'm breakin down what i done,She smokin my blunt sayin she aint havin fun,♥♥♥♥♥ give it back now you don't get none.Now everybody in this ♥♥♥♥♥ gettin tipsEverybody in this ♥♥♥♥♥ gettin tips2, here comes the 3 to the 4 to the 5,Now i'm lookin at shorty right in the eyes,Couple seconds passed now i'm lookin at her thighs,While she tellin me how much she hate her guy,Said she got a kid but she got her tubes tied,If you 21 girl that's alright,I wonder if a shake comin with them fries,If so baby can i get em super sized,Here comes the 4 to the 3 to the 2,She started feelin on my johnson right out the blue,Girl you super thick so i'm thinkin that's koo,But instead of 1 lifestyle i need 2Her eyes got big when she glanced at my jewels,Expression on her face like she aint got a clue,And she told me she don't run with a crew,You know how i do but i guess one gotta do.3, here comes the 4 to the 5 to the 6,Self explanatory I ain't gotta say i'm rich,This single man ain't tryna get hitched,♥♥♥♥♥ waste it on me man son of a ♥♥♥♥♥,Brushed it all off now i'm back to gettin lit,Grisa orange juice man this some good ish,Homeboy trippin cause i'm starin at his chick,Now he on the sideline starin at my clique,Here comes the 5 to the 4 to the 3,Hands in the air if you cats drunk as me,Club on the set kwon cut out them trees,Dude i don't care i'm a p.i.m.p!"
,Recommended,227300,12331311,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,09trainman,TOO AWESOME!! :D
,Recommended,227300,11795174,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Ø F F S E T //,"Shouted allahu akbar and exploded, 9/11 would play again"
,Recommended,227300,12982281,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,thE enD` =DDD,BEST SIMULATOR GAME░░░░░░░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░███████▄▄█░░░░░███▄▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,227300,24516254,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Lerenax,I saw the most beautiful simulator game. I learned to drive trucks.
76561198136985773,Recommended,227300,12945530,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Biggs,One of the best games I ever played in my life.
,Recommended,227300,12304584,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,dave,"The greatest game of all time (about trucking). Learn new languages, improve your geography of Europe and develop a hatred for the French and their stupid toll roads. The best time you'll ever waste. 10000/10."
,Recommended,227300,8383041,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MetelStairs,Who the♥♥♥♥♥sat down and said i want to make a game where you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥drive around 'euro' land and deliver shait.C'mon now this game is stupid.Huge waste of time.10/10 Lots of fun
76561198202952161,Recommended,227300,18758957,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Fluttershy [G27],Awesome game!
76561198186203150,Recommended,227300,28157125,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Jurcek,Very good game.I realy recomened you to buy it
,Recommended,227300,16113512,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,SilentRazvan,Graphics11/10Gameplay12/10Multiplayer11/10Open world11/10You still don't have this game ? what do you waitin' for ?
76561198136867101,Recommended,227300,14736162,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,[DANS-TRANS]-Serghei-GB,THE BEST EVER GAME
76561198156404630,Recommended,227300,12942150,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,530d,Very good game 10/10
76561198105654325,Recommended,227300,23123289,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH,You might laught but this is the funniest multiplayer game that i played in a while. A ♥♥♥♥ING TRUCK GAME.
,Recommended,227300,28626131,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,P4nos,"A game which was worth its money, Its even better if you try to play the MultiPlayer version of this game!"
,Recommended,227300,33383193,Posted: 8 July,all,✪ BB,"I write these lines for multiplayer. ;Especially after the steam summer discounts , the number of toxic kids increased sharply from all over the world.  SCS Software uses their time preparing some unnecessary DLC's and paint bundles. Also , TruckersMP don't struggle to clean ETS community from toxic players. This game can give you a real driving experience. But it can make you cancer neither. Chinese, Vietnamese, Russian and Turkish players should be avoided. I do not understand why the far east countries play on the European server. Such multiplayer games like ETS must be cleaned from toxic and harmful players. In addition, the players must understand that insulting each other has no effect on the game. Just play and try to enjoy.. :)Edit : The mistaken part has been fixed."
76561198033824279,Recommended,227300,17753007,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,SupirTruck,Best truck simulator game ever!
,Recommended,227300,12809560,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,codexus,"I thought I was buying this game as a joke. Well, the joke was on me as I ended up buying a G27 wheel just for it.It's hard to describe what makes this game so great, it should be boring but it's not: it's a zen experience to just drive around and enjoy the scenery while listening to some great music (you can use your mp3s or one of the preconfigured net radios).ETS2 also has excellent Oculus Rift support and unleashes its full potential that way. But it's also fun with just a keyboard and mouse on a regular monitor.Keep on truckin' ! :)"
76561198055277436,Recommended,227300,13350939,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,royze,Excellent simulator!
76561198039575004,Recommended,227300,8445906,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,IceCola,This is a very interesting game！！！
,Recommended,227300,11302305,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Cerb,"Ever wondered what it would be like to be a real trucker? Well this game is about as realistic as it gets. All night and day driving trucks around beatiful country, completing missions, unlocking new areas and making your own company by recruiting other drivers. It also has an online mod which lets you play with other online players and you can create your own convoys with many trucks and drive all around the continent. It's truly a very fun game and absolutely worth to buy."
,Recommended,227300,28537677,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Pingu,Most chill game to sit back and have a relax drive
,Recommended,227300,24483877,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,W1stonas,:]
,Recommended,227300,24139305,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Gerry the Cat,Most realistic racing game ever
,Recommended,227300,28263064,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,GamingSP,Good game for trucking even through I'm more a American I still like it and play it.
,Recommended,227300,6313495,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,𝕮𝖍𝖊𝖘𝖑𝖞,That's what a simulation game should be
,Recommended,227300,20163734,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jewpert Murdoch,"Pretty gud game fiar play but all these nurds calling it a super sim where iz uber realistic is a bunch of donald trump's ballocks, i mean you been to calais in le game???? no imigrants throwing rocks or jumping in-font of your truck to speack of and whre the dirty feature at where u can shag then murder a prozetute???? not very truckie dho izitso yea 0/10 FUhCKING SH!T GET WRKETT KID GG DROP ME AVP DIKEDffs the only thing this niiga can simulate with me is a pretty gay hatred for non british roads, the dutch and a very mild case of carpal tunnel.Thx 4 reuding me review plz smash that muder fukine like button if u up!!!!!xxxxxxxxxxx"
,Recommended,227300,28230672,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Pimpdaddy,I can't seem to get enough of this game. Bought it on sale as a bit of a laugh and got hooked. Very enjoyable.
,Recommended,227300,22882020,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,WestSize,Nice game!
,Recommended,227300,9747108,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Applefolf,"The Greatest simulation game I've ever played, Euro Truck Simulator 2 offers an immersive experience like none other in its genre. The graphics and cabin detail is wonderful, and this is one of those few simulation games that actually have true physics that are realistic. You feel the weight, the power, the size and the essence of your truck and the cargo you carry. SCS software have gone above and beyond to create the ultimate truck driving simulator - going as far as adding a radio function that works wonderfully. Little to no bugs and the free roam features make this game even better.I cannot recommend this game enough if you enjoy driving simulators, and it's even better with a wheel, pedals and gearshifter (H-shifter is nice).I'm sort of being picky with this, but the only thing I can see which can be added to the game is Steam Cloud support. Because nothing is more annoying than gaining 118 hours of game time only to move computer and loose all of that. Plus, Steam doesn't always seem to push the updates like it should do. But again, I'm just being picky.11/10."
,Recommended,227300,14318617,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Bwae,Strangly enjoyable. Theres something really relaxing (for me at least) about crusin' down the freeway in your Volvo or Scania while listening to music.
76561198063608728,Recommended,227300,8020218,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,HellRaizer4785,"Its odd looking at the name of the game and thinking to yourself ""That'll be a fun game to play!"" I was never into the simulation type of genre outside of flight sims in the past. But I downloaded the demo of this game one day and was blown away at how immersive, fun & relaxing this game is. It was an immediate buy for me, as was the Going East DLC. To come home from work and sit down and play this game, I dont know, it just relaxes me after a long day. I highly recommend you give the demo a try, but beware, its gonna make you want to buy the game after the first 20 mins. I also recommend you have a steering wheel or at least some sort of controller to play with. Using the mouse and keyboard will work, but it will make things a bit more frustrating than they should be!"
,Recommended,227300,33644350,Posted: 18 July,all,Howard Stern,"You play and play and play for hours... but then realize that you're just driving in one direction for hours just to get $50,000 that does nothing for you in real life, then you hit a wall and realize that you're a loser even with a few hours played... 10/10"
76561198107855990,Recommended,227300,22490629,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Osama,Great. Very engrossing and realistic. Best played with a wheel.
,Recommended,227300,17060797,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,[S.PLH] Warrior NL/ENG,greet game 10/10if you don't have this game then idk what you have brought here on steam before hehe
,Recommended,227300,3711118,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Torasko,"I never would’ve thought that I would ever play a game like Euro Truck Simulator 2, let alone buying it. If you would’ve told me a year ago that I would play a game like this for many hours, I would still be laughing today. However, I did buy the game with a 75% discount during the Summer Sale that ended a couple of days ago – of course after I played the demo for a bit – and I’m glad I did...Full review:http://www.torasko.com/2013/07/living-a-truckers-life-in-euro-truck-simulator-2/"
,Recommended,227300,31184184,Posted: 16 April,all,XtrDani YT: Blue Tigers,Super joc!!!
,Recommended,227300,33455665,Posted: 11 July,all,raw sauce,"Driving is calming, relaxing and obviously, fun. Being a good driver is rewarding. Customization is there, and it's really good. And if you still hadn't had enough, you can always install great mods.I generally like developers that have great mod support **cough** Take Two **cough**The radios that come with the game are good, but you can always turn on your own spotify list or create your own in-game radio.though I wouldn't necessarily call this a ""simulator""."
,Recommended,227300,25134928,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Sana,11/10 amazing
,Recommended,227300,20330831,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Android,"I know I have very low hours on this game, I admit I previously pirated it but thanks to the recent sales I got a good deal on it. In general I probably have racked around 100 hours on this game.This game is really interesting to me. Usually people like games similar to GTA or Need For Speed, which I do like as well, but I also like simulators, like this one. They can really teach you how a lot of the things work, and how to properly drive, check your mirrors, etc.. The tasks are pretty simple. Choose a quick job, drive from point A to B. Along the way you may run crash, run out of fuel, or you may just end up with a traffic ticket. You are able to create your own company, but you don't really have the necessary funds from the beginning of the game in order to buy a truck, a garage, or hire workers. So in all reality, you have to grind out all of the quick jobs in order to even get to that point. Time consuming, sure, but along the way it becomes a second nature to you.Customization for trucks is great. I believe there are paint job DLCs, which I find to be really nice! Makes your truck stand out from the others and be something unique. You can change basically anything on your truck, from the engine to the transmission, and even the cosmetic stuff, like mirrors, wheels, and much more. Lots of reputable truck manufactuers are present in the game, such as Scania, Volvo, Mercedes-Benz, and many others. The choices are great. Trailers have a good amount of variety as well, and there are a lot of weight differences in them as well.. which is very important.I would honestly give this game a 8/10. Since it's a huge open world game, a lot of the cities look very similar. I'm sure it's necessary to due that to make it run smoothly and to keep everything working properly. I'm really excited and interested to see what else will be added to this game.. I'd also like to add that the creators of ETS2 are going to release American Truck Simulator next month (at the time this is being written) so that is also something else to keep an eye out for."
,Recommended,227300,14130218,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Jean-Luc Picard,It's like Elite Dangerous only on Earth and 21st century Europe. Also significantly less pirates.
,Recommended,227300,8245860,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sebbby,"When I first saw this game, I wondered how anyone would be able to have the patience for a truck driving sim... After hours of playing Euro Truck Sim 2, I can say that this game raises the name of the Simulator genre. A vast world with many nooks and crannies to explore. Lots of trucks to drive around with and cause traffic jams without getting fined or taking damage. Overall, this is a shockingly good game.Pros:-Vast World-Great GraphicsCons:-Some weird and illogical interchanges.-Some logic behind the fining would be nice. I.E. 5-10 over speed limit is fine.-The removal of harsh and sudden speed limit zone switchovers.Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,227300,12927700,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,✪ Suzi ღ,super
,Recommended,227300,13789185,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dr. Vape,11/5823 would simulate again
,Recommended,227300,10961337,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mayor_Mike,"Awesome game! If you love driving simulation that is realistic and fun I totally reccomend this game!If you want a good Simulation game on Linux, it's an awesome choice."
,Recommended,227300,22283499,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Miles,Very offensive gamplay. 18+
76561198094568811,Recommended,227300,22383390,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,raceworker,this is a great truking game
76561198228884556,Recommended,227300,22711261,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,skyden,Full Russian lessons! ;)
76561198081407383,Recommended,227300,9196339,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,[G.T] thegoldsword,Really good game!If you like simulation you must have this game!The game have lot of trucks and have big map.i recommend
,Recommended,227300,25780394,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Kapi,Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a great game.But if you can't drive. You should buy gta v instead.or if you decide to buy ETS2 please stay in singleplayer :)
76561198007976899,Recommended,227300,34005063,Posted: 3 August,all,Rebel Trucker,I like this game alot
,Recommended,227300,31740727,Posted: 13 May,all,fijet spinar,Best Game
,Recommended,227300,33100175,Posted: 1 July,all,AllOuT,"It's a great simulator, highly adjustable to what difficulty you want it, just got some mods that extend the map extremely, highly reccomended to play with mods, atleast with a realistic traffic mod.Could have better FPS though, dont even expect more than 15fps in a traffic jam in multiplayer. Though without mods i think the game is pretty stable and has atleast above 30FPS most of the time. Highly modable and customizable.Multiplayer is great but you need to sync your game first, it takes like 5 minutes but it is a extra thing to do.Get promods and extend your map.9/10 Needs a bigger map base game, and more detailed and diverse cities, optimization, otherwise very promising and constantly updated game."
76561197972409682,Recommended,227300,29761436,Posted: 7 February,all,Grug,"Each Steam Sale I buy at least one ""curiosity"" game. i.e. a game that doesn't reflect my interests, would never be on my radar otherwise, but nonetheless seems to have a large community of dedicated fans.Euro Truck Simulator 2 was one of my curiosity purchases, and boy am I glad it was.Again, I reiterate, I had no prior interests in trucks or trucking whatsoever going in, but this game just sunk its claws into me.For me, it is is a game of relaxation. On evenings when I have had a hard day and feel like I need some gaming time but don't want to stress myself out or get to worked up before bed, I love me some ""Truck Sim and chill"". There is just something so soothing about hauling a big rig out onto the open highways and taking in the (often gorgeous) scenery on a long haul drive across Europe. Even the long drives through the nightime give me a sort of zen feeling... seeing the lights of passing motorists and houses, farms, gas stations etc along the way.To complete the immersion I definitely recommend using the streaming radio station support inside the game. Hearing live radio (I'm personally a big fan of the Manchester classic rock station) as you cruise down the roads just completes the atmosphere and really makes you forget you are sitting at your computer screen and creates a feeling of connectivity with the Truck Sim universe.A big shoutout to the developer and the wider community too. The ongoing support of the game is great and the integration with the World of Trucks website is really cool - especially picking up live contracts.In the interest of balance, I'll present a few cons.- The scenery graphics are charming enough , but hardly state of the art. Higher res textures would be great.- The engine doesn't feel totally optimised.- The menu screens are totally functional but a little dry and unengaging.- The career mode is reasonably deep (buying trucks, garages, hiring drivers etc) but it feels a little bit dry and formulaic. There's no real bad decisions or risks to take... just keep making money and expanding forever. Perrhaps some sort of in-game economy where you are competing for jobs and shipping contracts with other trucking companies would be great in the future.- It's very playable on a gamepad but for full immersion, a steering wheel and shifter takes it to a next level. That isn't exactly cheap.Overall though, what an unexpected gem. It's relaxing style of play will no doubt keep me coming back again and again."
,Recommended,227300,33078101,Posted: 1 July,all,CJ,One of the best.
,Recommended,227300,33175595,Posted: 3 July,all,AsareN || skinhub.com,NIce Game For Simulation game
76561198137328020,Recommended,227300,33242803,Posted: 4 July,all,RastaHari,Rasta approves this game
76561198113581899,Recommended,227300,33434859,Posted: 10 July,all,Gevonski ▄︻̷̿┻̿═━,on single player and multyplayer when i try to use the ferry my game crashes andy help?
,Recommended,227300,27926489,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,•.•♫ Plutia ♬•.•,"●▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬●Personally, i hate my job of being a truck driver in Oakland, California.To relieve me of the daily stresses and pressures of the real world, i playthis game as soon as i get home to give a chance to just simply relaxand chill. Definitely recommended as a truck driver myself.●▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬●"
76561198083312920,Recommended,227300,34845690,Posted: 9 September,all,EgN| Connor,Great game! Well worth the money!
,Recommended,227300,22397646,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,⭕Live 4 L V™,YESSS.... This game is so realistics and nice made! I really recommend it!P.S. The MP is very cool too... Just buy this game 🎮😉
,Recommended,227300,20177275,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SMcG Gamer,"The first thing that struck me when I played this game is the sheer size of the map. I thought it would be split into different, smaller maps but no, and the game is so much better for it. Add to that the DLCs Going East and Scandinavia and you have yourself hours of fun driving... no, trucking around Europe. Unfortunately there is no built in multiplayer mode but there are servers online, it just requires more setting up. This is one game that I feel is complete without any mods whatsoever, just turn the key and go!"
,Recommended,227300,34482203,Posted: 25 August,all,EliteGamer54,Very good game with nice graphics. Ultra graphics looks smooth and modding makes it even better.
,Recommended,227300,12066744,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,SlimNasty™ LIVE on Twitch,"This is another great game which to be honest you may have thought wouldn't be enjoyable. But there is something about the running of your own Pan European logistics trucking company that seems to appeal to a lot of people.One of the biggest plus points about this game for me is the Mod support, I have some real good ones installed making the whole place, bigger with added maps and more lived in with additional trailers and AI cars and vans to populate the place, I even have one that has adaptive increased traffic for different times of the days where you can almost certainly find gridlock. However this is also an issue with the game, although the mods are great they are pretty much all on third party sites which are designed to trick users to click on adverts or dubeous links, I wish SCS would take the reigns on this and produce a SAFE central site for all this content, it would make a much better experience for the end user."
,Recommended,227300,26325858,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Empire™ | LeakedWolf,Amazing Game! Good Simulation & Graphics!
,Recommended,227300,29004823,Posted: 4 January,all,Badger,1. Writes reviews because of other funny reviews2. Reviewed as a joke3. Fell in love4. Not reviewing as a joke anymore5.kill me
,Recommended,227300,13379028,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,[IFN] Lil Sam,i love this game i definatley recomend buying this game
,Recommended,227300,11551081,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Sakiz,B|.
76561198114729564,Recommended,227300,32883907,Posted: 27 June,all,S500,Really helpfull game to learn how to drive a real trucks!
76561197970744701,Recommended,227300,12641219,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,d69_inge,"I have been a fan since Euro-truck simulator one. This 2'nd edition is even better and has more content, and it's evolving by each upgrade. The driving is highly realistic, and once you get up in the levels and start earning more cash and buy more cars and garages it is rewarding. The graphics is brilliant and is one of the things that is always enjoyable and never stops to impress, the level of detail is very high. Even a casual player like myself, can easily jump into the action and enjoy some now and then, and take a long break as I don't have time to play every day."
,Recommended,227300,18651487,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Frost,"This game is fun, relaxing and the graphics are amazing."
,Recommended,227300,3074991,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,|RUS| CrazyOPEX,Nice Simulator!
76561198031148166,Recommended,227300,17158512,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Afghanmountaingoat,This will take up way too much of your time.
76561198201812363,Recommended,227300,25564122,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Blood Wolf™,ETS2 is a great game for all ages you can play like a real simulation game with a wheel or just whit a keyboard and a mouse i love the game best decission to buy it
,Recommended,227300,23369416,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Jahanzaib,"I have known this game from about 4 years, bought it on steam not a long time ago and it's really fun to build your company, buy garages, hire drivers and do jobs and earn money. lots of great features in this game, i really love the multiplayer mod, i played a lot with my friends and really big map and also comes with expansions that needs to be purchases seperately, Overall excellent game for the price."
,Recommended,227300,8298942,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,John Mirra,"They told me I could be anything I wanted, so I became comfy."
,Recommended,227300,11064347,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,AGENTkrispy,i like to drive trucks LOL
76561198215872825,Recommended,227300,31423712,Posted: 28 April,all,Zhou Zhou,"嘟……嘟……(电话接起)Du...Du...(Pick up)“哪位？……别烦我，我正在开卡车！”“Who the hell is this？....Don't bother me, OK? I'm driving the big one!”“啥！？你问我收费站美女？？”“What!? Did you ask me how about the sexy girls in the toll stations!?”“没有！！”“F**k you!!”嘟……嘟……(电话挂断)Du...Du...(Hang up)总分Total points：9/10推荐度Recommendation：9/10毒性Toxicity：10/10休闲Leisure：9/10美术Art：8/10"
,Recommended,227300,25551071,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,_BlackMouses #UNoWatiMin! [PT],Awesome game!Only lacks inbuilt Online MODE!
,Recommended,227300,32178806,Posted: 4 June,all,Ahmad0105,The most beautiful game ever
,Recommended,227300,12823348,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,SaltyBoi,great game 5 stars
,Recommended,227300,20828743,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Rainbow Popsicle,- Drove at 3am in real life- Getting sleepy- Getting more sleepy- Getting much more sleepy- Eyes closed and crashed everying on the way- Open my eyes with the truck upside down10/10 Would get sleepy again
,Recommended,227300,26073926,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,David,"good game!+Pack / DLC value is worth it! I recommend cabin accesoires for the first pack to buy!+Realistic Graphics+Nice trucks+ Online is fun+Duisburg to calais is madness :P+Great pimping+Unstoppable roadsThis is a simulation game, the goal is to deliver as many loads as you can by buying you're own truck or being hired as a random driver :P It's a great game to relax and drive threw Europe. In online you can convoy with people or just drive with friends or alone. Packs are great  Tip: if you buy a map upgrade buy scandinavia cause in the new update you can pull 1 and a half trailer! Cabin accesoires is also recommended. The gameplay is easy im a keyboarder but a G27 Logitech is recommended! Im enjoying this game but im just 11 years old :). This was my comment - David"
76561198239033874,Recommended,227300,29576704,Posted: 29 January,all,MR.Reza,Nice geam
,Recommended,227300,5128790,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,🔱ꜱᴍɪɢᴜ🔱,"A beautiful surprise, Euro Truck Simulator 2 takes an activity that seems mundane at first glance and turns it into a compelling challenge.──────▄▌▐▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▌───▄▄██▌█░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▄▄▄▌▐██▌█░░░░░░░░░░░░▐███████▌█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▌▀❍▀▀▀▀▀▀▀❍❍▀▀▀▀▀▀❍❍▀"
,Recommended,227300,15614532,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Gank★,"Best Truck Simulator game so far which i recommend playing:I suggest only the Going East [DLC] you will have more locations on the map and you will be able to drive long distances and discover more countries.Try to play the game without using money cheat because after you use the cheat you will lose that desire to play/drive...I hope this helped you, good luck and try to not fall asleep on the road trucker!"
76561198015538840,Recommended,227300,21930975,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,sgtCooper,"I played this game a bit. I always need to come to see many good reviews about this game in order to pump up myself to play again. I actually have spent more time to read the good reviews of this game than playing this game. Now, I feel like having enjoyed this game like you guys."
,Recommended,227300,7804534,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Aeturion,"This title manages to strike a good balance between simulation and gaming. I enjoy most of the time I spend with it. the scenery is pretty, driving feels realistic but the controls are well thought out. It is good enough in terms of simulation and at the same time, it contains many interesting traditional video game mechanics. That said, you will not regret purchasing this if you feel like taking long drives in realistically modelled trucks, taking a wide range of goods from A to B. There is also the company management side where you buy garages and trucks and hire drivers. Making profit isn't a challenge, but it's nice to grow and expand your assets.There are a few slight disappointments, however. First off, I don't like how every city is almost exactly the same in terms of scale and scenery. Only the map will tell that you are in London or Paris, they look the same as any other town or city. A couple of unique landmarks would definitely spruce things up. Second, for a game in which driving around is the main objective, I find that the road network is quite coarse. There aren't many turns to make, some parts made unavailable by virtual walls and then road markers that just contain red X's because you can't go where it points to. It's mostly highways and other open roads, no small streets or off-roads to lose your way on.Overall though, I do recommend this game and special credit must be given to SCS software for being great developers that listen to their players. A dozen patches and improvements have come out since I bought this and they just keep coming. Again, you won't regret your purchase."
76561198257589239,Recommended,227300,28338057,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,marinerush20,"First one of my friends SecretChipmunk2 recommended me this game,so i was like meh trucks......it looks ok ima try it,so i start playing the demo and i was extremely impressed so i buyed the game and it all got better when me and my firend discovered there was a MP mode(its separate you just have to have 2 hours played and thats it)so we lunch multiplayer and we are having a blast we can't stop playing,its a amazing experience with friends and the solo game alone is impressive.10/10 100% truck damage"
,Recommended,227300,30387332,Posted: 8 March,all,punkito,Amazing game for those who love trucks and roads.
76561198300236601,Recommended,227300,30398017,Posted: 8 March,all,manjula.nargolikar,"I highly recommend this game because it has awesome graphics, great trucks to choose from, gorgeous scenery and it perfectley simulates trucks."
,Recommended,227300,8379604,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,zumbo1000,LOVE this game! It's a suprising amount of fun and it has a great modding community. Buy it if you like simulators and have at least any interest in trucking.
76561197976232331,Recommended,227300,9043727,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,THX1138,"As a child and still recently I have always wanted to drive big vehicles: Lorries, Vans, etc.  To be honest this is the closest I'm likely to get without spending a grand and the rest on Class 1 lessons that I'd probably never then use.  After playing the demo I decided to buy the full game as simulation plus management element not only satisifed the excitement (I'll get to that) element I wanted but also the endless, endless desire for fettling I have.I really was unconvinced that driving an articulated lorry in a game could be exciting until I discovered how much concentration and application of logical thought it requires.  Judging how to take tight corners and negotiating the motorway at high speed are a real challenge which keeps you constantly occupied and I feel something which I haven't in other driving games; a destinct compulsion to obey the rules (whatever they may be - in this case of the road).  I think this is because unlikea lot of games, you are actively rewarded (or rather, not penalised) for driving sensibly; drivers will let you out at junctions ocassionally and they stop in the right places (Get too close to a driver and he brakes to a halt, make a bad overtake and cars coming the other way will attempt to stop).I think what the game tries to acheive through simulation it does brilliantly.In terms of management, this is really fun too.  Upgrading your garage(s) and managing your drivers and vehicles is exactly the right blend of depth and simplicity,  you don't have to spend hours decoding the stats of each driver before making a hire and you're kept pretty well up to date through your in-game HUD as to how your hires are doing.  Money also seems to come in at a balanced rate and in sensible chunks - you don't end up scratching around for cash but neither are you swimming in it.The trucks themselves are beatifully represented and the models fantastically detailed, I've only diven two so far but differences between the two are destinct.  I started with the Iveco Stralis and quickly got quite use to this, so I bought another and hired a driver.  I finally hired a third driver, gave him my Stralis and then bought the most powerful truck I could afford at my level (10 at this point).  A Volvo FH16 classic.  As soon as I pulled away I noticed the difference, with nearly twice the power and almost 2.5 times the torque it was rather difficult to drive at first.  The way it should be, a game should continually test and this scenario mimics real life.  You don't go from a Polo to a Ferrari without noticing the difference.Ok, a couple of gripes; they aren't deal breakers but things that if were included at a later stage would be really great.  The first one I think is a bit lapse however.1.  There's no training mode.  Really?  As a result of my latent interest I was probably more prepared than most when going into this game, but still some stuff I had NO idea.  Let's forget for a moment that fact you're trying to drive something approaching 80ft long and pivots 20ft from the front  (Just wait till you come to back it up for the first time) and concentrate on a few key words.Retarder, Exhaust Brake and 12-gear gearbox.  No idea?  Not surprised.  I really think this game needs a training mode as for me part of the fun of simulation games is doing things properly and there are lots of things that need explaining even if you drive a car, like for instance the fact that if you pull away from the lights in 1st you'll be in 4th or 5th before you've crossed the junction.  Pull away in 3rd or 4th.2.  The fettling element with your trucks is great, you can change almost every part in and out to your heart's content but there's little in the way of guidance or much pay-off.  Upgrading the engine is obvious; more power, more torque but apart from allowing you to go a bit faster I'm not sure what the real benefit of it is.  Perhaps if there was a maximum permissible load per engine size so upgrading meant you could pull bigger loads?I also have no idea why I would upgrade to a 6x2 chassis other than the fact that it looks the dog's.3.  I'm not really into the whole posting photos thing but I do like posing a good shot to admire the rig I've spent time agonising over the pait job for. Can we please have a mode where you can assembled all or selected trucks from your fleet for a group photo?  One which perhaps allows you to reposition them within the shot, at a choice of some locations?Right, sorry.  I know it sounds like nothing but whinge but there are a few bits I'd like to see added or improved.  That said I absolutely love this game, it's brilliant.  Buy it, seriously."
,Recommended,227300,10409206,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Jack,Great trucking simulation provided. Game updates and DLC's keep provide additional goals to achive. Recommended if you're into long drives and trucks !
76561198086249662,Recommended,227300,15743749,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Madus,"Very fun game to play. It's funnier when you can play it with friends, that's why they made multyplayer. Best trucking game ever!"
76561198110025562,Recommended,227300,18846936,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,[TLESGames] Luan,Brasil!!!
,Recommended,227300,10543685,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Racer395,"I've only had this game for a week and I love it. If your looking for a cool driving simulator or your into trucks, then this is for you. True it isn't multiplayer but there is a multiplayer mod that makes the game even more awesome!"
,Recommended,227300,13930621,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Caffe,"It's a simulator, so don't expect some high-octane action. However, this is a very enjoyable game. It can be relaxing and stressful at the same time. Nothing can quite compare to the joy and relief of completing that long haul across Europe, finally buying that truck you've wanted, or hiring your first employee. This is a masterpiece of a game.The best truck simulation game ever, Sit relax and drive ;)"
,Recommended,227300,16496038,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Roni,The best simulator game and most realyti game in world very recommendent
,Recommended,227300,19322634,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,zVoxty,Good Game
76561198088915926,Recommended,227300,19289515,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Pushkin,"Пожалуй самая лучшая игра в своем жанре. После откровенно неудавшихся ""Дальнобойщики 3 - Покорение Америки"", я уж было перестал верить в этот жанр, но анонс Euro Truck Simulator 2 заставил меня набраться сил и терпения, которые кстати сказать пригодились в ожидании данной игры, выход которой переносили много раз. И вот наконец, 19 октября 2012г игра увидела свет. Честно сказать, ждал игру в Steam, и лицензию не покупал, а скачал пиратку, и буквально месяца 2 играл просто без передышки, настолько она затянула. Не смотря на то, что в основе лежит все тот же ""Prism 3D"", у игры довольно сочная картинка, приятная физика управления траком, довольно реалистичные звуки грузовиков, открытая поддержка пользовательских модов (что безусловно дает огроменный плюс игре). Также стоит отметить то, что разработчики открыто выходят на контакт с фанатами, прислушиваются к их мнению, и вносят те изменения в игру, что они посоветуют. Еще один не мало важный плюс, постоянные обновления, которые исправляют те или иные баги/лаги, возникащие у игроков. Совсем недавно вышло DLC - Going East!, которое добавляет значительную территорию в Польше. Территория в дополнении выполнена по реальному ""живому прототипу"", ровно как и весь игровой мир. Путешествуя по Европе, можно встретить местные достопримечательности, которые в реальной жизни, стоят точь в точь на том же месте что и в игре. Совсем не давно, разработчики ввели такую практику - добавления новых грузовиков. Первым был Iveco Hi-Way, затем Volvo FH16'2013, а не так давно был анонсирован новый DAF Euro 6, и прошу заметить, что все это удовольствие достается нам бесплатно, в виде патчей.Подводя итог, хочется выразить огромную благодарность тем людям, которые приложили руку к этой игре. Да, по началу она не была идеальной, не все грузовики были лицензированны, но со временем, разработчики смогли найти общий язык с гигантами, и те дали добро на лицензирование траков, в результате чего, мы имеем 6 лицензированных марок тягачей. Что безусловно является большим плюсом, ведь управлять лицензированным траком гараздо приятнее, чем сидеть за рулем какого то Swift'a. Игра развивается, анонсированы уже и другие проекты от разработчиков, но наша армия фанатов еще на протяжении долгих лет, будет бороздить просторы Европы на своих тягачах.-Спасибо за внимание!"
76561198115431752,Recommended,227300,13029943,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BOES (Rommel),Best game ever
76561197986708272,Recommended,227300,19283532,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,✭=HomBre=✭,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥Ever wanted to be a trucker? But you are stuck in a cubicle all day everyday.Get this and this game is the closest you can get to trucking without all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ work involved.Highly recommended!
,Recommended,227300,15135798,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,un.lucky,"I own 3 copies of the gameWorth the money, especially during steam sales"
76561198161843166,Recommended,227300,19402916,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,EntrancedGolem5,This is a very great simulator. The detail on the trucks is just AMAZING!!!
,Recommended,227300,19214300,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Gucci,Good game if you reallly have alot of free time and if you want to experience how it is to drive a truck this get's pretty close  to it.
76561198111091925,Recommended,227300,19232323,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,MechLen,"Do you like trucks? Do you like traveling (by a truck) in countryside and different cities? Do you like driving? Do you like trucking?This is really good trucking simulator. It's very relaxing game to just travel the countryside/cities day/night/raining. Buy your own truck enhanced it, change color and hire AI drivers to grow your company.I like it a lot and I'm sure you will not be disappointed ..."
,Recommended,227300,19263464,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Vontickle,"Amazing graphics, fun and enjoyable, nice and relaxing to play!"
76561198258145832,Recommended,227300,19218676,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ThebeastMarius,This is an perfect game with magic graffics. Da bst game ever
76561198067988091,Recommended,227300,16857601,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,bbhallhall,"This shouldn't be fun. This shouldn't be a game that I look forward to playing. I shouldn't have spent several hours of my life driving slowly across Europe and trying to figure out which side of the road I'm supposed to be on while listening to European radio stations that are five hours ahead of my local time while staring at my GPS screen. And yet, it is. And I have. And while I'm almost ashamed to admit it, I really like this game. And God help me.... I don't know why."
76561198092800872,Recommended,227300,30625300,Posted: 19 March,all,Jamesstillplays,ita brilliant game if i told you how long i played this game you woulden't bilive me i had this game for 4-3 years and it is so adictive but can you add that you can get out of your tryck to attach the trailer and press buttons in the cab so it makes it more realistic
,Recommended,227300,13127736,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Enrikas,Best Game Every
,Recommended,227300,30625923,Posted: 19 March,all,lskalstad,"Veldig artig spill for unge som drømmer om å kan kjøre lastebil rundt i Europa. For oss Nordmenn er det liten sjangse nå for å kunne kjøre i Europa, mest fordi at  Øst-Europeere som tar jobbene våres.Very funny game to play for young people who dreams to drive trucks in Europe. For us Norwegian (Vikings) is it very low opertunety to drive in Europe, mostly because East-European drivers take your jobs."
76561198099410719,Recommended,227300,19484247,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,epher27,Maybe someday I'll go one run without getting a speeding ticket. *Stares off into the sunset*
,Recommended,227300,19365803,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Harry   deiu,3.99 worth it :) Love it :)
,Recommended,227300,11140160,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,csgogem.comDeluxe A,"Great game. Much Easier with a wheel and pedals, or a joystick."
,Recommended,227300,19488426,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lt. Tsvetomirov,here in my garage
76561198166236887,Recommended,227300,20444926,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,MHF,my favorite game
76561198125058905,Recommended,227300,19508897,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,[R Λ Z Ξ R]EngineerTrain,So damn good  GET IT NOW OR MERICA WILL ♥♥♥♥ YOU UP100000000000000000000000000000000/10 IGN
,Recommended,227300,19368635,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Desolutor,"Even though this game is getting old, I find it is still getting better with all the content thay have added and all mod support etc. This game is just absolutely enjoyable if you like simulation and trucking!"
76561198052186994,Recommended,227300,19494563,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,kiki9868,"Very good game, with many selections of cars, good graphics, and lots of cities.There is a high-tech in-game navigator and lots of functions."
,Recommended,227300,11579209,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Arrakis,comfy
,Recommended,227300,13451575,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,(ABT) SZ x Scooby x,Absolutely fantastic game. Would Recommend this to any simulation fan!
,Recommended,227300,19398588,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,JokerZ ♚JWonder♚,One of the best games to relax and play with your friends :)
,Recommended,227300,19428028,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,uhalfarouq,Best game for truck lover..
76561198084765115,Recommended,227300,19435855,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Суэггйнс,Awesome. 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,227300,19534835,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Pablo Diehl,"What could I say about the most played game of my list?ETS2 is just amazing, I can't describe how fun is drive a Scania/Volvo/Renault/DAF/Merc/Iveco around the Europe, buying upgrades and consolidating a transportation enterprise.Should you buy it? Yes, it worth every penny."
,Recommended,227300,19469531,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,AJ,Realistic
76561198005351603,Recommended,227300,19568972,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,yoyorz,How awesome is this game. This is the the best Simulator out there at the moment. Nothing beats it. Fantastic. Get it now.
76561198101557876,Recommended,227300,10164052,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Sloth,had a great time on this game.
76561198091055555,Recommended,227300,8637922,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Mr th4ck3r21,amazing game !!!
,Recommended,227300,10399491,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Red15,"Overall a strangely addicting game that made me find myself pushing for ""just one more haul"". Smooth rendering and gameplay with gorgeous graphics that don't make your computer stutter.Pros:* Smoothest seamless engine for a large scale simulator I have seen.* Lots of customization options for your truck (pimp my ride style + performance)* Active modding community to provide a lot of addonsCons:* The scenery can be a bit repetitive but does the job well and is nicely rendered* Cargo loads are a bit ""boring"" no occasional long-loads or extra-wide* Addon quality varies wildly and is not always compatible with each other.* Scaling is a bit on the easy side (20m for Brussel -> Amsterdam)With the community made mod that enables multiplayer, a new fresh breath of air has come swooping. Sure you have some reckless driving here and there but the moderators are playing short on the ball."
,Recommended,227300,7743477,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Wrayckage,"This is probably as close as i'm gonna get to be a truck driver, and it makes me sad. Travelling Europe while listening to a foreign radio station is pretty damn fun. You'll sink hours into this game before you know it."
,Recommended,227300,2241002,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Tom,"Drives Well.Challenging.Boring at times, yet still pretty enjoyable.Changing gameplay.Realistic.Valuable Simulation.Update: The business side of things interested me the most but that part is actually very basic, it's an okayish game but that's about as far as it goes. Might be worth getting if it's on sale."
,Recommended,227300,8423372,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Scyld,stop making me stay up til 5am delivering your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cargo goddammit
,Recommended,227300,8436906,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ginge♥,"I hate simulation games, but this is amazingly gripping and you'll be sitting there for hours. This game is perfect for both perfectionists and casual gamers, it's definetely worth the money!"
,Recommended,227300,1078122,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,Gingy,I'm Addicted to This Game! Simple Fun Delivering Different things To Major City's Around Europe! Excellent Detail On Scenary and Other cars! Really Enjoyable!
,Recommended,227300,8545647,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ellye,Relaxing.
76561198100108477,Recommended,227300,7943091,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,chav boi nigel,this game... where do i startits a very good game and luckly i got this on the steam autum sale got for £3 it is usally around £20 but still worth that pricethe feel is very good as i am using a xbox 360 controller not the best but you still get the feel of driving the truck and the first person view realy adds to the feel of the real trucking experiancei would give this game a 9/10for best feel and experiance use a wheel nothing fancy a £50 one would do fine as i am getting for christmas but for maximum real feel get a logitech g27 with h shifter
,Recommended,227300,8578486,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Elusivewater,Beats a lot of things.
,Recommended,227300,2778556,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Crime & Punishment,"The second part of the first knocks on his knees.Modifying a vehicle, for example, the new cabin, chassis, engine, transmission, and various stuff on the front that makes our truck becomes faster than standard.Trailers also look interesting.Merchandises are interesting, for example, office paper, tractors, excavators, cars, ice cream, etc. I would recommend this game because it is worth play it.Awesome game."
,Recommended,227300,10560776,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,OverTheBelow,"An oddly satisfying game. I never thought I'd get over 90 hours on this sort of game, but once I started I found myself wanting to keep playing it. Something about driving to new places and enjoying the scenery, gaining levels to unlock skillpoints, as well as saving up money and keeping your business going, is all weirdly addictive.Most importantly, distances aren't true to scale, so driving from London to Poland would not take you a whole week in real life. Instead it will take about half an hour, but all the scenery is still there and feels true-to-scale.I say give the demo a try to see if you like the gameplay. It's only for those with some attention span, though."
,Recommended,227300,7596385,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Cyclone,Direksiyon sallamaktan yorulmayanlara gelsin ;)
,Recommended,227300,10591681,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ArtRiz,Cool
,Recommended,227300,9885506,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,[---]Jasper(NL),best game ever!
76561198124312154,Recommended,227300,10610131,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,adis1699,"Sick game, tons of fun"
,Recommended,227300,10612205,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Marie,awesome!
,Recommended,227300,10613987,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Madoperator,"I don't know why, but this game is fun."
,Recommended,227300,10614220,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,koosk,Great game that really takes up your time. Entertaining and just plain fun.
76561198063010935,Recommended,227300,10560845,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,D3M3,"What I can say - I bought this game in 2013 summer, wanted something relaxing and calming to play. And it totaly was worth every penny (or cent).You drive, you earn money, you LVL up your drivers skills (for those mad RPG element lovers), you make your own company, you expand it, you drive and drive .. did I mention that you drive a lot?It has its own oddly charming and calm atmosphere which suck you in and binds to it. I mainly play it when I`m flustrated with something or angry from some online games incompetant teams or my own fails .. this game (at least for me) is like my personal psychoterapist, who puts on relaxing music, shows me beautiful pictures of nature or cities and just listens to me. It calms my nerves and I love it for that.On side note about gameplay - it gets repetitive after time (or from start), but if you are worried about that, then driving or sim type games are totaly not for you.So .. if you want something atmospheric, a bit calm, but in same time addictive and interesting about driving around europe - this is game for you."
,Recommended,227300,10656885,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Batman,"Surprisingly fun, give it a try 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,10645902,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Halien,Drive da trucks
76561198012604088,Recommended,227300,10642442,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,I'm Rootin' for Putin,"Oddly addicting, even for a fairly casual gamer like me. It's fun to just put on some music and drive the European backroads."
,Recommended,227300,1124157,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Τаtеrѕs,Get the demo. Buy this game. This is the game everyone wants to play but doesn't know it.
76561198090189590,Recommended,227300,25484270,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,DOUGL4S1,"Wait a sec, I'm almost done parking my first trailer..."
,Recommended,227300,13861595,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,KingWeir,"Surprisingly addictive (played a non-steam version for a couple of days, months ago before purchasing on Steam, so actual hours played is alot more), making deliveries, the excitement of buying own truck, custom painting your truck (loads of mods out there for custom paint jobs), upgrading your garage and hiring more drivers for your tuck empire.Saying that, after while, does start getting abit boring, (especially if your into more action games) just driving along roads and you'll find yourself, weaving in and out of traffic, breaking the speed limits etc.By this point, I usually make a delivery run once a day say and then switch to another game, so still worth a look, albeit on sale."
,Recommended,227300,9357547,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,ReverendTed,"Somewhere in Europe, there's a man who spends long hours away from his wife and children, sleeping in the only marginally-comfortable cab of his truck for days and weeks on end, driving thousands of miles a year to scratch out a living for his family and pay off the crushing debt he's incurred just for the priviledge of doing so, and he's learned that some people actually ENJOY playing a game (sorry, ""simulator"") of this activity.  He just doesn't understand the appeal.I can't explain that appeal to him, because I don't rightly understand it myself, but dang it if there isn't something strangely engrossing in Euro Truck Simulator 2.Sure, you only get to skirt the cities and everything is ""abbreviated"", it crashes on me every couple of hours (though thankfully auto-saves frequently, and this could be chalked up to my video card that came overclocked from the factory), and the AI behavior can be a bit inexplicable sometimes (although, thankfully again, a fix is immenient for the worst aspects of this), but overall it's a delight to just cruise across Europe taking in the scenery while hauling 17 tons of whatever needs to get to the other end of the continent (well, not the FAR end...you've only got from France to Slovakia)."
,Recommended,227300,13438020,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,One Dank Platypus,Can't stop delivering the goodies.10/10
,Recommended,227300,13135417,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Roofus,its a game... its ok
,Recommended,227300,10593514,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Frinkel the Inflatable Sylveon,"This game confuses me for two reasons.First off, I do not know how, why, or through what it has accomplished this (and cannot explain it either), but somehow... I like it. Somehow, I like driving a truck across Europe to deliver things from one place to another, trying to make sure I don't damage the truck (and still wind up damaging it anyways). Somehow, this fascinates some remote area of my mind and makes me want to play more of it. I do not know how. I do not know why. All I know is that this is the truth.Second, I'm a 'murrican who barely knows the rules of the road in America (still working towards getting my license :P), and this game sorta throws you straight into the lions' den of not just driving a truck, but driving a truck in Europe. It won't hold your hand for long: after a very brief explanation on how to move forwards and backwards, it will expect you to be proficient in delivering cargo for a pretty decent distance. It will expect you know the rules of the road, how to read signs, and how to drive a truck without crashing it into stuff. I know few of these things, so I often find my balance littered with fees from crashing into other cars, not turning on/off my headlights at appropriate times, etc. It will also expect you to be perfectly capable of driving in the pitch dark after a few game hours or so of driving.It's a challenge. But I like a challenge. And maybe that's how this game somehow managed to make me enjoy it.And I can tell that the game itself was very well worked on. The simulation is pretty much perfect, as far as I can tell: controls are smooth and work great, AIs work pretty much how one might expect (although, something tells me road rage isn't as bad in Europe as it sorta is in California, US: with some of the unsafe driving maneuvers I was using, I expected honking, swearing, and an occasional one-finger salute, yet they remained completely silent XD), loading across towns and whatnot seems practically seamless, stuff like that. They've done a great job simulating the game.So, all in all, it's a good game that somehow turns out to be very enjoyable. I don't think I'll find it relaxing like it's been reviewed until I have a couple bajillion hours into it, but it's enjoyable nevertheless."
76561197974877837,Recommended,227300,7758306,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"Several months ago I purchased the original Eurotruck Simulator on the cheap as a demo for the more expensive sequel. It seemed a logical precaution; despite the good reviews, the material of the game seemed such an unlikely expression of fun that paying full price seemed foolhardy. As it turned out, the first game of the franchise was surprisingly enjoyable and now this second game pretty much fixed any of the problems of the original.The main issue with Eurotruck 1 was an unfortunate lack of variety; no matter what route I took, all the roads and towns looked pretty much the same. Nor was there much to differentiate the various missions; whether I was hauling marshmallows or ore, my trucks behaved exactly the same. Eurotruck 2 greatly adds to the visuals, and while there is still an overall sameness to Poland, Germany and France, there are enough cues and sights to keep me interested.The trucks handle differently too depending on the weight of the cargo; I really started to pay attention to what I was hauling versus the tractor I was driving; there's nothing more aggravating than pulling 25 tons of sand in an underpowered truck! Additions such as a virtual business and an awesome selection of streams from real European radio stations (Cambridge Star FM is the best) were just icing on the cake. And then there are the excellent user mods which expand the game even further. My only real complaint was how limited the default map was, but that problem disappeared after the TSM Map extended my range from northern Scotland down to Egypt! That, and how impossible it is to explain to anyone who hasn't tried it that yes, slowly hauling cargo across Europe can actually rank as one of the most fun games of the years."
76561197985935433,Recommended,227300,14408213,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,FTP,"It's like iRacing but with 50,000 lbs of beef in clogged traffic."
,Recommended,227300,23058278,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Hagge,"Best game, scania"
76561198086545971,Recommended,227300,7404387,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,jacob4408,I know the theme may sound boring but if you have even the slightest interest in simulations then download the demo for this and prepare to be hooked. It will grab you and not let go.
76561198049000736,Recommended,227300,9204375,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,orso,"ETS2 is a game that's much more immersive and engaging than one could imagine. It's a bit quirky, and rather European, but dive in and you'll find a deep and rewarding game. Strangely, it's a game that could please anybody, even people with no interest at all in the world of transportation (like me).The graphics are adequate, and the sounds are only okay, but once you enter the right mindset it's almost hypnotic."
76561197966476005,Recommended,227300,10355362,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Clint,Best Truck Simulator Ever
,Recommended,227300,12306402,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Cpt.Akuma of 501st legion,"The best truck simulator game. Amazing graphics, constant updates wonderful and easy to master controls, if you dont feel comfortable with the controls then don't worry becasuse you can rebound your keys. Also it's at such an affordable price, so go out there and truck on!"
,Recommended,227300,8642338,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Timur,Trying To Get Out Of Your Crippling Debt With A Broken Down Truck Simulator 2
,Recommended,227300,9537471,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,staf sausage,"If you love flooring hgas pedal in a truck and then drive along roads, whether they be rural or urban, then this game is for you. Would recommend to everybody."
,Recommended,227300,9283013,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,TheDrBrian,It's burnout with yorkies.
,Recommended,227300,8413030,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,†Scotty†,"One of the most addicting games I have ever played. I understand that the concept sounds simple, but it ends up being a very fun experience.Basically, you play as a truck driver (obviously) but you also can run a business driving trucks, and you can hire drivers to help get more money and expand your business. It gives a good feeling of accomplishment seeing your business grow and becoming a good driver and buying new trucks.Also, the fact that you can drive all over Europe is pretty sweet. I found myself in awe of the beautiful environments and textures.Radio is also streamed directly into the game, you can listen to real live radio, or your own music from your computer. It would be so boring without the radio option, I must admit. But to be able to kick back, drive across Europe, and listen to the radio on the road is very relaxing.I would recommend getting a wheel controller for this game, as keyboard and mouse is a bit more boring and not as immersive as actually steering. I played this game for hours on end with keyboard, but I played it even more when I actually had a wheel.An additional feature that would be great once it is released, is that there is a multiplayer mod coming out, so you can drive along other real drivers, and/or friends. Can't wait till that comes out :)I give this game a 9/10 for it's relaxing gameplay, and for being a very realistic simulator."
,Recommended,227300,10696109,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Scrappycoco,"I want to be very clear; I hate myself for buying this game. When I mean I hate myself, I mean that I have a very deep and real sense of self loathing for even having considered buying the game, and then parted with actual money with which to play the game - that is to say, this was not a prank gift. I hate myself for wanting to play the game, and I ESPECIALLY hate myself for enjoying the game when I'm driving along a European highway to the dulcet tones of some random radio present on magic.That said...There's a beauty about this game; it's actually one of the better driving sims out there on the pc, and if you have a higher end PC...You're going to enjoy the graphics somewhat, and even possibly recognise some of the landmarks of the cities you visit. My only regret is that I have no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ murdering add on pack.Upon further playing, I realise that there are more problems with this game - as a truck driver, I want to experience the COMPLETE sense of what it is to be a trucker; I want to be french, and cause roadblocks because I can. I want to be a dodgy romanian trucker, and help illegal immigrants enter the UK via one of the convenient docks and/or eurotunnel, and unfortunately - Eurotruck simulator does not allow me to do this. Maybe this is something you can add in the third installment, developers?"
76561197980660010,Recommended,227300,13806299,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,la merde,"It is difficult to find the exact reason why I like this game. But I try my best :). First the developer SCS is quite engaged to satisfy the belongs of the gamers for free. They are present in the forums.updating the trucksfor freeto the recent models (e.g. Volvo FH Classic to the new models)release of new modelsfor freeimplementing a lot new features to improve the gamefor freesometimes add new citiesfor freeIn addition there is always new content in production (e.g. new map area DLCs). This game also is a good game for just relax. You can drive in your truck and just listen to music or watch a Let's play on YouTube or other series on television.I also want to mention that the truck models are very nicely done - good in detail. The graphics are good and the game has its economic part (could be more detailed though, but at least it has this part).I hope they will add additional Steam features in future like Steam Workshop or Steam Cloud based savegames.But always keep in mind that SCS is not a very big company (but growing) and the resources of employees are limited."
,Recommended,227300,8446654,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Lightningbeat484,"I love the game! Even though there are some---OK maybe alot of problems I have to face, it's still pretty interesting! I've explored MANY places and have had to use the boats and trains to travel... to bad you don't get to see it happen... :(BUT I do bet there's a Mod for that....don't wanna make this longer soooo... HAVE FUN PLAYING!!!    P.S.- (it's fuuuuuun!):)"
,Recommended,227300,8410871,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,matty1415,good game
76561198025756070,Recommended,227300,8447103,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dank Jimmy,This game is the most casual release in the GTA series I have ever played.
,Recommended,227300,7924212,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Teddy,"Very good timewaster. Usually play it whilst I'm downloading a video game/movie. The game itself can be addictive, with it's good use of 3D graphics tech, it provides some pretty and light-hearted visuals, particularly in bad weather. The gameplay can be entertaining, but after a while it gets a bit repetetive, since all you are doing is delivering supplies across Europe. Although once you deliver the supplies you've been carrying for around 30 minutes, depending on the distance of the delivery, you feel a sense of satisfaction that you've delivered them in one piece, which can be rare if you get impatient with the speed cameras and A.I. Euro Truck Simulator 2 provides realistic physics for the official drivable trucks in the game, but it gets a bit silly - but fun - once your speed is over 100 mph. The modding community is quite large for ETS 2; there are mods that swap the companies in the game - ranging from the truck companies to the supply companies - for the real life companies that they represent, respectively. The customisation system for your own personal trucks is a bit scarce, but seperates your truck from the other NPC trucks roaming around Europe. When you first start the game, you'll need to create your character, name him/her, pick his/her portrait and name and pick a logo for the company they will work for. You'll start at level 0, and there will be an optional tutorial to teach you the basics of the game. Part of the tutorial is your first truck delivery. You will start the game without your own truck, and you will have to deliver supplies for companies in their own trucks. The more deliveries you complete, and the better condition the supplies arrive in, gives your character more XP to level up with. Once you level up, you'll be able to contribute 1 point towards 5 hierarchy-style skill routes, as well as being able to buy upgrades for your truck once you get your hands on one.I've just noticed this review has got a bit long, so I'll end it here. If you like good time-wasting, driving games, that gives you a vibrant look at modern day Europe, with a company simulation counterpart, this game might be for you."
,Recommended,227300,30132277,Posted: 23 February,all,Jason Zhong,"Interesting game , i love truck, so i buyed it :)"
76561198153141239,Recommended,227300,13023159,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,KTSamten,"It was my first day on the job. Starting my new dream job had my blood pumping as I pulled a trailer full of tractors out of the lot. I had no idea what I was in for. I pull onto the highway headed to Berlin and found it very difficult to get my steering under control. Just when I found myself bonding with my companies vehicle I look at the GPS and see my exit coming up. I rush onto the off ramp, go for the turn onto the main road, when suddenly I find myself sideways, in the middle of the road. I was incredibly embarrassed! Luckily roadside assistance had no problem getting me out of this messy situation, and my company was even kind enough to cover the charges! I was even able to get the tractors to Berlin in working condition and on time.10/10This game is wonderful! It is very realistic and fun! You can develop your own driving style and decide which jobs you want to take based on the money made per distance; if you don't have much time you can deliver across town or if you just want to drive forever you can pick long distance jobs. The radio is very customizable; you can add MP3s or radio stations (I find it very relaxing to chug along down the highway while listening to NPR). The controls take a few minutes to get used to but with a little bit of practice it is very easy to remember everything from lights to windshield wipers. I recommend using the mouse to steer. It takes a second to get used to but is more accurate than directional keys and works great if you don't want to invest in a steering wheel.I can find myself investing a lot of time in this game!"
,Recommended,227300,10402059,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Cannon Fodder,"A very good game, a very big map and a very good way to spend your time"
76561198064775934,Recommended,227300,10863094,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Heseth,"It may be just a sim game,but damn it sure keeps you busy.You drive and drive in the hope you will have enough lvl/money to buy that new engine or upgrade that crappy garage to a big and awesome garage that later you will  need to work harder in order to buy trucks and hire drivers so you can filll it up.So yeah i do reccomend this game as is one of those game that you will always return to."
,Recommended,227300,13019283,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,S̮̜͇aͅṋ̛͈̖̬s̡̜̲,"This is probbably the best simulator you can find. The graphics are astonishing when playing in ultra/high settings. I have always dreamed for a game where i can drive around and if i cross the road on a red light i will have to pay a tax. My friends say that it can get boring while driving on a highway because there's nothing happening but there's actually a lot to look around for.If you wanna buy want to buy the game you can add the ""Trucking Fan DLC Bundle"" and ""Going East!"" DLC"
,Recommended,227300,13177689,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,rs168,There is satisfaction when you can turn a long cargo without damage.
,Recommended,227300,9398094,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,THE BLACKHAMMER,"PROBABLY MY FAVOURITE SIMULATOR THAT'S UP TO DATEIf you want the best experience with this game 3 - 4 monitors or the OCCULUS will do as well as a steering wheel are what you need to get the power and realism of the simulator itself , it is one of the best simulators ever why you may be woundering ? well its because of the :-hundreds of miles a person can drive-the amazing A.I. that is pretty much updated almost every 3-4 months-the amazing scenary that changes as you drive from point 'A' to 'B'-the hundreds you can spend driving-the Oh My God checkout my new wheels moment that you get when you buy a new truckall of those reasons should help you decide if you want to buy the game , apart from the smallest of glitches I've found I rate this game as a 9/10 because of how much fun I've had on it"
,Recommended,227300,11676602,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Santsa,This is the best simulator i have ever played :3 cant wait ETS3 :3
76561198116349617,Recommended,227300,13518601,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pancakes,"Wonderful Game , Something Like Real Life , GET THIS GAMEE"
76561198038462026,Recommended,227300,13486079,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dark_Flame,amazing game
76561198064937673,Recommended,227300,8614998,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Max,Like Skyrim but you own a trucking company.
,Recommended,227300,8436042,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,xdjoshuaaz,Nice game to play when relaxing.
76561198072140962,Recommended,227300,12105921,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,KGov,"Euro Truck Simulator 2--one of the best tranquil games I hit up when I'm tired of playing action games. Taking control of a big wheeler and cruising to my job's destination, breathing in all the beautiful sceneries along the way, is a feeling that I'm a real, genuine tough-as-nails trucker... until I dent the rear bumper of a Honda Accord from not staying focused. There is a multiplayer mod which I haven't gotten to yet; personally I enjoy the single campaign as is, and I usually am the online type. Speed limits must be obeyed or face contract penalties. This is not Grand Theft Auto 5.Saving up $$$ to buy my own truck without taking out a loan!*** i7 920, 6GB RAM, GTX 295 (replacing it with EVGA GTX 750 Ti SC in a couple of days after four years). Game runs flawlessly, so older cards will work. ***"
76561198036779667,Recommended,227300,23231777,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Regal Inferno,10/10 cab discover europe with it
,Recommended,227300,10983914,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TheWynterKnight,"Beautiful simulationGreat immersive visual/audio assetsSolid Tycoon mechanics system provides a great sense of progressionAnd now, a very functional multiplayer mod!Worth the 25$ if you really like tycoon style simulators, but I'd recommend you wait untila  sale, as it will be ~5$9/10 Very worth your time"
76561198048744596,Recommended,227300,9402825,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,DesertStorm620,"It is a really good simulator, nice gameplay and good drive physic's the trucks looking good and the map too! and active developer for updates and bugfixes. 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,12194314,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Hoot Magnus,Like a good punch to an exposed bone.
,Recommended,227300,16760356,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,=TF$= Matt,"I got this on sale for a steal, as it was touted as a relaxing game...Relaxing, my♥♥♥♥♥♥Getting a F1 car around Monza in Assetto Corsa is far easier than going through 12 gears, while minding other traffic and the bleedin' SatNav.I just had my first crack at this game with a G27 Wheel and H shifter. The game runs smoothly and setting up the wheel was a doddle. I'm running this in Eyefinity, which I didn't even need to configure. ETS2 picked up the correct resolution instantly.I'm still trying to see if I can change the FOV and move the HUD to the center screen, as my SatNav is now at the edge of my periphery vision and my left mirrors are cut in half by the screen bezels. I had no luck so far browsing the menu..."
76561198068073241,Recommended,227300,10730309,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,free el chapo,"A very good and relaxing game, Good variety of trucks and lots of space on the map! Could put lots of hours in this game!"
76561198076007688,Recommended,227300,8331105,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,DJ wildman,its a really good game play it know
76561198064675833,Recommended,227300,9340586,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Pablo Escobar,Not a bad game i think it's one of the best truck simulator's i've played even though i don't like cab over trucks a whole heap but still a very nice smooth game and the ultra graphics are nice. Nice Job
,Recommended,227300,6737222,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Slim,This game has physics!
,Recommended,227300,13798213,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,XaXa,Tipped my truck twice 10/10DAMMIT ZEKIE!
,Recommended,227300,8546669,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,"**, LOOKING GOOD!","wanted to get down with this one for awhile, and I will say..it is pretty impressive. I was really bought off the trailer, and it delivererd. Truck simulation is a niche, maybe something that you won't enjoy..but if you have graphical power it will deliver on premise."
,Recommended,227300,12600192,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Loldielol,"May seem boring, but its actually quite fun lol"
,Recommended,227300,20197149,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Wuzzzy,"Awesome game, can't get enough of it. Already have 3 drivers and 4 trucks and can do what I want. Runs pretty well even on my old PC windows XP 32 bit. Addictive game, nice listening to music and taking screenshots as I'm trucking around."
76561198020917922,Recommended,227300,8997598,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,[HYST] SteelBeast,"After playing a few truck driving games such as ""18 wheels of steel"" and ""Long Haul"", I was kind of afraid to try thisgame.  But I took a chance and bought it during the ""Winter Sales Event"", and I am glad that I did.  Did I not onlydiscover a simulation, but a great game!!!  Nothing like the 2 previous titles I mentioned.  This game gives you thefeel and fun to visit cities thoughout Europe.  You can get as involed as you want, running your own company andwith a few good mods that are out there, it can bring it to even a more enjoyable game.  I highly recommend this"
,Recommended,227300,16365601,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,dweshell,"Get stuck in traffic, take forever waiting to get to your destination, finally get home and start up ETS2, get stuck in traffic, take forever waiting, finally drop off/pick up load.Why have I spent almost a full day doing what I hate doing in real life?This game sucks you in, in a way that honestly can't be believed until you try it.  Nothing about this should be fun.. yet it is.  I bought this game as a joke, thinking it was some silly novelty, and now I'm the owner of a multi-driver trucking fleet.what am I doing with my life? should I become a real truck driver? this game is making me question my life decisions. 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,16500854,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,sgt1face,"Would be better if you could pick up hookers, 9/10 -IGN"
,Recommended,227300,8546462,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Toot Toot,Great Gaem. 420 Blaze It Mutha♥♥♥♥a's.
,Recommended,227300,18247685,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,[DLC] Crabz,nice
,Recommended,227300,18891651,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,NO2MEN,:)
,Recommended,227300,12194724,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Fargin Noob,"There's something cathartic about driving through Europe in a big semi-truck. I'm not sure how much of it is based on real-life counterparts and how much is just scenery for scenery's sake, but regardless it's an excellent driving game. The one thing I would like to have seen is a more realistic scale of the roads (but again, that's mostly if the game is based on real areas)."
,Recommended,227300,18893084,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Flappy ツ,G00D
76561198038256915,Recommended,227300,13752667,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tyler,"There's something about this game that makes it just...so great. When I first heard of this game I thought it was stupid, and didn't think anyone would have fun just driving around and delivering stuff...but I was wrong. Dead wrong. Probably the biggest thing that I've been wrong about in my entire life. The whole game is just beautiful, and when you're driving, it's the most peaceful thing you will ever experience.So if you're looking for something to fill the void indefinitely, play this and drive."
76561198027575822,Recommended,227300,13112024,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Steyr,Relaxing & fun. What more could I ask for a game?Recommended!
76561198141472406,Recommended,227300,13496889,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,thegreekgamer12,"This game is a real nice simulation. It is calming, but the ai could be a problem"
,Recommended,227300,29291633,Posted: 16 January,all,BLACK_SHEEP™,I bought this as a jokePlayed it as a jokeNow its part of my lifeReally relaxing
,Recommended,227300,9337798,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Dillon,Its amazing!
76561198004099120,Recommended,227300,24024035,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,HeVi,"Weird game. You just transfer goods from A to B while listening to internet radio. Not much content isn't it? Still, this game has the ""IT"", which many games lack. Please add Finland also."
,Recommended,227300,24024161,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CASysprog,"Possibly the most relaxing time I have ever had playing a game.Find a radio station, sit back, relax and drive across europe enjoying the scenery....it sounds odd, but it is fun"
76561198047465813,Recommended,227300,14124848,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Frankie4Fngrz,"This game is more fun than it should be. There is somethign amazingly relaxing about driving a load of goods to its destination. Easy to play , even with an xbox 360 controller. And since I work as a truck driver, I'd say they are pretty spot on with all the mirros , the way the truck turns, and how it behaves while backing. Great game. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,227300,30080038,Posted: 21 February,all,Kirvis,Best game
76561198070730925,Recommended,227300,13793710,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,dubberley665,"the visuals are good, day and night cycles are well done andthe xbox 360 controller works well"
,Recommended,227300,8334813,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,UrbanPretzel,"Euro Truck simulator 2 is diffinatly more promising compared to its old predicessor of ""Euro Truck simulator"". The in game map has expanded greatly, allowing the player to be able to roam freely with 60 iconic cities at the gamer's disposal.If you are a person who craves any  simulation-stlyed game, and who who likes a chalenage, this would be the game for you. This new version of Euro Trucck has a better ""in game feel"" and is mre realistic with better controls.However without a good quality computer, lacking a substantial graphicis card,  the qualitly of the game  wouldbe a step back compared to the outstanding title intro. An other point to add would be that it becomes difficult to drive the truck in a strait line (cruising at 90 k/m) as the key board is too sensitive and you and your truck suddenly turns to the right.Overall this is a promising game, which if given more care to attention to detail would deffinatly come out as an excellent truck simulator.- written by hairylemon"
,Recommended,227300,21013714,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,blarpbarp,"My very first actually serious review, yay...So, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a game about you being a poor trucker that has a dream of having your own trucking empire. You start off with a shed instead of garage and very little money (from the tutorial). The only way you can get more money is to work these ""Quick Jobs"". A Quick Job is basically you delivering cargo for other companies with their truck. After you've gain enough money to buy a truck of your own, more options are available for you. You can drive to a trucking company with your own truck to deliver cargo for other companies or you can just drive freely.Pros:Wonderful graphicsDoesn't combust my GPUFairly realisticVery... relaxingCons:Gets grindy after Quick Jobs with distance of 400km+Big trucks, small roadsOverall, it's a great game for once in a while. You'll come back to this game if you're burnt out. Just... watch out of speeding tickets.7.5/10 Buy it when it's at least 25% discount."
,Recommended,227300,8003547,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,defult,"Driving a truck around europe isnt something i thought id sink hours into. Many sims tend to be broken unfun trash that only the die-hard are able to scrape the meat and bones enjoyment from, but ETS2 is differnt. It has enough 'gamey' elements and enough sim parts to get a nice balance. You start from nothing, no truck, little money, a garage and you drive. doing delivery jobs all over europe for various companys you build up your cash so you can start buying your own trucks, drivers and eventualy set up your own logistics empire. all whilst upgrading your characters 'stats', such as distances able to deliver over, training to trasnport dangerous material or even fuel use. each job moving you closer to improving your drivers abilitys and inturn opening up more, possibley better paying, tasks.Spending an hour trying to drive a truck across motorways, coutry roads and citys, shouldnt be fun. But ETS2 captures the feel of each countrys roads and it becomes strangely engrossing sitting at 55mph on a motorway looking out for the junction. Getting the feel for each truck and load, then what sort of speed you can take certain juntions at with out tipping over or just drving against the crash barrier, ruining your pay for the delivery in the process. It a strange joy to just sit down, put on some radio station some random part of europe, from the ingame internet radio player, and just drive.For a sim it dosnt look like crap, and whilst it wont win any graphics awards, its a nice looking game with a good interface. no clunky unhelpful UI, and easily customisble if you do wish to get in to the gritty details of transmissions and truck braking. But i basicly play with the default settings, only chaning controls so i can use a xbox360 pad to drive with, and it just feels fine. Its also easily moddable, but its a game plauge by a fractured mod sites filled with lots a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ads and dodgy link baits. When you do find a gem of a mod, i use a simple one the replaces compnay names with real ones for instance, its a simple drop into a folder and check a box in game. Steam workshop would be perfect for ETS 2 but i dout it will happen since the makers support a large player base who do not play throught steam.Driving throught europe in a truck aint exciting, but its becoming a very guilty pleasure that i just keep coming back too."
76561198122994817,Recommended,227300,15771078,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,King In The North,F*ck the police and F*ck the speed cameras.11/10
76561198104770045,Recommended,227300,19890574,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,shane_1995,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.Jokes, Yh it's a good game."
,Recommended,227300,23212308,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,NZ BLAZ3D,Love this game. One of the best Simulators ive ever played.
,Recommended,227300,13572186,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,agnan,"""Truck crash ahead, there was no other way to pass trough...I pushed them with my truck, yelling and cursing at them""Impulsive buy, and i have to say: DON'T REGRET IT. Perfect match for steam music player.  ★ 9 / 10 ★"
,Recommended,227300,14516892,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Хендрисеон [IDN],Nice gameplay
76561198151948185,Recommended,227300,14046792,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,[KETS2I]rudi.yana60,"very cool game,, i like tdhis game"
,Recommended,227300,14229245,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Shadowbox,"This game is a casual, beautiful and frustrating at times but you get what you make of it. Want to drive fast go ahead, want to take it seriously go ahead, want to figure out how bad you are at driving here you go. 9/10."
76561198206285552,Recommended,227300,14105422,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,white shadow,"the game is well made and i havent found any bugs that bother me, but it needs an in game music track option because the internet radio feature is very anoying and doen'st play very many good songs in my opinion."
76561198070306932,Recommended,227300,14493255,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,lildrisky,very good for modding-customaztion-free roam-most european countries-very good DLC
,Recommended,227300,10082053,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Stefan M. 5D-95,Very fun game especially with the new MP.
,Recommended,227300,15857720,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Moe Neko Chan,best Simulator truck game
76561198158602695,Recommended,227300,15864130,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,pooleybodge,"great game, stunning graphics ,well worth trying"
,Recommended,227300,16449114,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Alan Snackbar,best. game. ever.
,Recommended,227300,13748587,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Kappa,"Very nice game overally. The best simulator ever made untill now.It has a satisfying truck range, all the known europian truck manufacturers, with 2 trucks models for most of the manufacturers, and a good map to explore, Although with a steering wheel it is much better the game is really well optimized for keyboard aswel because of the sweet steering physics it has (instead of fully turning when pressing the button it slowly starts turning, based on your speed, and you can adjust the steering sensitivity (turn faster or slower), making it really easy to drive relaxingly even with keyboard.The graphics are really good. Another big advantage is that there are fines so driving on opposite lane, ignoring red lights etc. will hurt your wallet.Last and best advantage of this game is that it is open for the community to mod, with a mod folder, so you can change things in game without changing original files of the game and you can disable the mod anytime, so you are free to add and remove mods whenever you want. With the mods of course you can have bigger maps, more truck-trailer modifications, and whatever you could possibly think of could be added to the game.Anyway to not say a lot more for the small team that made this game i put 10/10, because even bigger and ""better"" companies can't do such a great work.Thanks for awesome game and its content SCS.:D :D"
,Recommended,227300,14365255,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Conor McGregor,"If it's your type of game it's definitely a blast playing. Be prepared for some tough moments but still worth it. Also, the multiplayer mod is great :) Top Simulation!"
,Recommended,227300,15242167,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,TripleNipple,10 Outta 10 TrucksWould Truck Again
,Recommended,227300,16566251,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,browJ,"When I first saw this game on the steam sale, having never bought any simulator games before, I clicked on it out of boredom rather than interest. After reading reviews of how ""unexpectedly good it was"" and seeing it overall had overwhelmingly positive reviews, I thought I may as well get it. Then  when it came to playing the game I could completly understand all the positive reviews. The game feels very realistic, and you have a huge world to drive around.Another great thing about it is the sense of purpose you get in the game as you build your truck empire. Some of my friends laughed at me after I bought this game. The very same friends who've played 15 hours of it in the past 2 days! 10/10 would definitely recommend this surprisingly brilliant game."
76561198083332535,Recommended,227300,8488386,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Cronous 24K,Realy nice game. My favorite out of all the SCS soft truck sim games.
,Recommended,227300,13154342,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,The Zipper!,"I'm driving a truck, driving a big ol' truck....Pedal to the metal, hope I don't run out of luck...In all seriousness, I do recommend this game. It's very interesting to drive around and explore a city/country while in a big rig. Also, the missions/objectives are very fun as well. It is the only driving simulator I've played, I believe, and it was actually my second choice to Spin Tires, but I missed the sale on that one.Either way, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is well worth the money, especially if it can be found on sale and the game offers a lot of replay value. Backing up into a truck dock is actually quite difficult, haha. That's what I've learned the most so far but I am excited to discover lots of other aspects in this gem of a game.I could write a whole slew of reasons as to why people should check out this game, but it's been more fun for me just to try it and find everything on my own so there are probably more in-depth reviews that could help the skeptical figure if they want this game. Also, players can use their own music on their truck radios while driving around, so that's a huge plus as well."
76561197998244172,Recommended,227300,16447361,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,JonteSwe,Awesome Game
,Recommended,227300,15661151,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Ky,awesome
76561198015603540,Recommended,227300,13545474,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,-1PARA-Pringles,GODDDDDDD
76561198063732668,Recommended,227300,15624538,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Icecoldwind,Really great truck driving simulator. Definitely worth it.
,Recommended,227300,10693356,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Keen,"This game is just fantastic with it's gameplay. It is amazingly realistic with physics and more. The official multiplayer mod allows you to play with other fellow players, however, viewing the community, it shows a lot of trolls on Multiplayer. If your friend(s) have bought ETS2 on Amazon, I recommend you tell them this:1. Go into Steam2. Click ""Library""3. Click ""Add a Game"" and select ""Activate a Product""4. Enter the product key from Amazon5. Install the multiplayer mod, or whatever.In no time, you'll be able to buy trucks, and do the freight market, and I literally bought the game 2 days ago, and I already have 21 hours. This game is too addicting. So what are you waiting for? Buy ETS2 right now while any sale is currently running."
,Recommended,227300,11814184,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,vBrucie,one of the best simulators ive ever played defo worth getting spend so many hours driving around
,Recommended,227300,15456022,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Gabe Newell (made in Portugal),"It's part of the Human Nature to have a hidden, secret personality. Let´s call it the ""other-version-of-yourself-after-work"" personality.That alter ego you create to embody something or someone (probably your true you) can lead you to the most incredible places... let's say in Europe.It can lead you through the green plains of Eastern Europe, listening to some random punk-rock slovakian radio station. It drives you from the cold and bitter Northen Scotland winds to the calm and endearing views of the Mediterranean Sea, transporting Potatoes... Yes, potatoes. In your 2000bhp Volvo with drawings of flames and Wizards and baby blue dragons.That same alter ego that makes your eyes wide open 'till 4am, with school and work next... well... today... can open your mind to something much greater than life itself. Something full of polite A.I vehicles that behave perfectly normal... sometimes. Something full of annoying speeding tickets and last minute critical damage in that last bloody roundabout before you reach your destination...Yes, a trucker's life is hard, very hard. Are you hard enough to endure it?I bet you're not. Otherwise, prove it!"
76561197993513098,Recommended,227300,15312634,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Ludoime,Oddly addictive... Good for catching up on podcasts or audiobooks.
76561198016293661,Recommended,227300,15579700,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,-=[RO]*Alex=-,This game is BEST EVER . I am a big fan of real trucks and real driving and i love this game .
76561197987889832,Recommended,227300,10100764,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,lizardprime,I am an absolute trucking master. play this while u lsten to your podcsts. do
76561198095391095,Recommended,227300,11239375,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,oscarminerhotdog,Amazing simulator with amazing 3D+Graphics! i suggest this to anyone who likes simulators or trucks.
,Recommended,227300,13571884,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Čepulis!,Good game
,Recommended,227300,13570527,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,PanzerSchmit,"Just simply be careful, otherwise you'll be sucked for hours, 10/10"
76561198071826190,Recommended,227300,15765821,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,azi uxe #STUDENTDRIVER,Most unrealistic part of this game is that I don't have a trucker hat to wear while playing. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,13525147,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Funnycats,Fun!
,Recommended,227300,12721560,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Kowalski,..
,Recommended,227300,13267567,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ambient Serenity,I rate this game 8/8
,Recommended,227300,16239060,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,viceguy97,"Excellent way to do something ""productive"" while listening to those long Youtube videos."
,Recommended,227300,13481865,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,CrackZ ༼ つ◕_◕༼ つ,"This game is soo relaxing it's weird, espiecialy if you got wheel and pedals it's very fun. i wuild recomend it to everyone who likes bussiness and traveling around the europe thou they shuild add more of europe like the eastern europe and northern like sweeden, estonia, a bit of russia, latvia and so on.After they released the going east dlc and scandinavia dlc:the map is soo much bigger. im very happy that they listen to the community and improve their game.but for me there is never enough of the map.this might be too much but i would really like to see more roads on the map like thorugh vilages and stuff and also add more of italy, more france,and eventually spain. actually just add all of the europe in the game."
,Recommended,227300,11042540,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,aldhiez,best 400 hrs i spend in my life
76561198051698320,Recommended,227300,15921842,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Knights-Templar,truck fan 10/10  some one thats not a fan of trucks but likes the look of the game 8/10a good game and allways getting betternew updates adding other brands of trucks for freeeven if your not a truck-lorry fan you should find this game good and addictiveall ways more yards to buy and upgrade more trucks to buy and upgrade and then find good drivers to drive themmaking you even more money to get morethere are many settings in game that can be changed and you can custom all buttonssupports steering wheel devices well
,Recommended,227300,15907816,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,bugdacious,"With TrackIR, this game really comes into its own. It feels a little geeky, but being able to instinctively use mirrors is a HUGE asset in this game. I liked it before I started using trackir, love it wiht it.A simple precept in the ""Working game"" genre, but still a good bit of fun and an actually successful implementation of a truck driving game. I do wish the commerce aspects were a little larger. X3 with trucks would be awesome.If truck driving doesn't appeal to you, this may be a miss for you. If the idea of driving trucks resonates, give it a shot, esp if you can get it on sale."
76561198149875560,Recommended,227300,15946572,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,earliestriley,awesome game if you like to be a trucker
,Recommended,227300,15745692,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Ray A. 3C-76,I love this game
76561198049815922,Recommended,227300,11322846,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Draknareth,"This game is not simply one of the best simulators of all time, it is quite possibly one of the best driving games ever made! A bold statement I know but if you (like me) like driving games that aren't always about racing, then this game is for you. I've spent around 88 hours playing so far, my first profile has a trucking empire of 100 trucks and drivers and rakes in millions of pounds. As a result I started a new profile a couple of days ago just to bring that original challenge back and honestly this game has tons of replayability. I love the trucks, I love the upgrades and I love the feeling of having finished a 1200 mile treck through storms and tight twisty roads to reach your destination with 24 tons of rice :PThis game is also a thousand times better with a wheel. You don't need to spend hundreds on one, I have the Thrustmaster Ferrari wheel and once set up correctly (set it up as a controller! as it doesnt have a full 900 degree rotation) it is absolutely brilliant.I can't recommend this game enough and so far it is the game that most of my friends own. (even accounting for when LFD2 was free)Go and buy it. And all of the DLC. Just do it :P"
76561198066911836,Recommended,227300,16584243,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sh1mu,Splendid Game!
76561198178487797,Recommended,227300,16496728,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,PaulMurphy12,i love the game it is 1 of the best games i have played in a long time and the graphics + realism is the best.If you want the best experience play online
,Recommended,227300,16620638,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,GABESSON,Good game!
76561198151721535,Recommended,227300,16665684,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Skip,a really good simulation game that can keep you entertained for hours
76561197986054766,Recommended,227300,16685950,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Prism,I devoutly recommended my spirit to this maker.
76561198076087345,Recommended,227300,16559865,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Hoaxz,Dikke 10/10 ouwe
76561198097625545,Recommended,227300,16693641,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Rasto,nice
76561198083885738,Recommended,227300,16440061,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Mochano,after playing this game u start to understand better the psychology of real truck drivers and be more thoughtfull towards em during real world driving when u see them.
76561198023464205,Recommended,227300,13613737,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,we do tango then i eat yo mango,tuut tuut
76561198163215502,Recommended,227300,16582948,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Muz,"İF you like Simulators and want to spend time, this game might be a good choice. 9/10"
76561198108270887,Recommended,227300,16583852,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,THE Sinbad Sailor,Texting and Driving Simulator 2015
76561198066547466,Recommended,227300,16730270,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,SirPseudonym,"Strangely addicting for whatever reason. And it likes to steal time. You can tell yourself you'll play for only an hour, but then you end up playing three and wonder where the time went."
76561197978088722,Recommended,227300,16520347,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kepos,"Great Game!Bought it on Steam Summer Sale and am really excited about the fun it offers.First I struggled a bit about stearing such a heavy monster on tiny roads. Using keyboard isn't that precisely, but after some time it's ok for me. Maybe I could get me a steering wheel...At first you drive for other companys and get paid like any other employee. You search job offers to find the best salery and so you grow your bucks to buy yourself an own truck. All aspects of the game keeps you busy, but not too much to view the nice landscapes while driving. I never figured out how to drive backward with trailer in real-life...right now I'm starting to get a pro with ETS2. Ok...sometime...but I could see the advancement. :-)The game is finished, graphics look quite nice, it is challenging and all time fun to do 1-2 travels the day just for the pleasure. Plenty upgrades and DLC do guarantee for long time fun.If you could get discount or sale...go get it!"
,Recommended,227300,16567911,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cal ChuCHECKEM,"the best simulation for driving a truck through Europe on the market, as far as I'm concerned."
,Recommended,227300,16779251,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sir Doge,"just waste my time on this game, but i love it"
76561198132767461,Recommended,227300,18342439,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Martin Schulz,"Great game, kinda wish you could get out of the truck to pee though."
76561198081644503,Recommended,227300,10301936,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,THEREALBOIIII,very fun when bored
,Recommended,227300,18460138,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Sammichiiee,GG
,Recommended,227300,13940433,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Trucks20,"this is a really really brillant game it is very relaxing and get it when it is on sale because thats what i did back at the steam winter sale 2014 and there are mods for the game like truck,map mods and BUY THIS AMAAZING GAME"
,Recommended,227300,10299971,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,CCrunk12,this game is epic exspecily with the multiplayer now it makes it even better
,Recommended,227300,13833866,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,adanblake,"So, yes. I can understand if you play this game without mods it might getting a little boring, but with mods this game is great! I play this game a lot because of the graphics and physics, but I can't wait what SCS Software has in store for American Truck Simulator!Keep up the good work and happy trucking,Adan(adanblake)"
76561198064755775,Recommended,227300,17909403,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,:Q #Back for 2 days,Just an EXTRA_ORDINARY game :D
,Recommended,227300,18196779,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Wibi,Best Game Ever. good .
76561198062821982,Recommended,227300,11550412,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Fayhen,"I am often asked how can I have almost 200 hours of gameplay on ETS. Though I'm a little amazed myself when I check the numbers, I can easily explain. ETS is a game where one can relax a little, and cool down if something's comes to overwhelm you. It's about getting on the road, crossing countries, and enjoying landscapes. Maneuvering can be a little tough at the beginning, but quickly you get the hang of it, and easily get used to the rules of the road. You can play music, inside the game or on a player. Me, I often hear some podcasts while I'm at it. And so you can enjoy some time, which allows you to forget the common problems everybody has, and get back to them with some rest. Works for me, at least."
,Recommended,227300,17231705,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Gods_Daemon,"When I originally purchased this game during the summer sale I had no idea what I was getting myself into. A game about driving across europe in a truck roving from country to country and delivery to delivery? How good can it be? Turns out it can be damn good. Don't knock it until you try it.GameplayThe core of the game involves, you guessed it, driving around in a euro style big rig making pick ups and drop offs at various locations around much of Europe. You start off simply enough by taking jobs where a truck is provided to you and you can get your feet wet without having to use a lot of the games systems, but soon enough you will earn enough to buy your own truck from one of the many real world manufacturers licensed in the game from the popular Scania to the recently added Mercedes Benz line. This is when the real fun begins.Once you have your own truck, an element of strategy kicks in as you can now make a delivery to one place and then choose the best job nearby and it becomes a hunt to find efficient routes and maximize profits but now you have to balance the need for sleep, keeping an eye on your fuel gauge and avoiding accidents that lead to the need for expensive repairs. Eventually you can even by garages and hire additional drivers and develop an international trucking empire of your own.As you drive and make deliveries you will gain experience which will allow you to unlock various certifications and boosts that will allow you to make more money off of jobs, take newer and more challenging delivery types, or simply make driving more efficient.SoundSCS put a lot of effort into capturing real truck sounds and it makes for a more immersive experience. As for music, you can import your own or you can stream internet radio from across Europe in multiple languages.GraphicsThis isn't a AAA title but the graphics are pretty easy on the eyes. There is a lot of detail in the various interiors of the trucks and driving through the countryside or one of the many cities included in the game there is always somethig new to see, from quaint villages and fields, to larger cities with towering skylines.DLC and additional ContentThere is a bunch of DLC for this game. A lot of it is purely cosmetic in the form of new paint jobs that you can purchase for your trucks. There are also a couple of dlc's that you will want to pick up at some point, specifically the Going East and Scandinavia dlc's, which add new countries, jobs, roads and sights to see.Even if you don't buy any of the DLC there is new content regularly added with each new patch including new places to visit, new vehicle upgrades, new truck lines such as the above mentioned Mercedes trucks and more. SCS has shown a lot of support for this game and loyalty to their customer base who have already purchased the game by adding regular updates and additional content for free with no signs of stopping.Final VerdictETS2 isn't a game that looks like much at first glance, but give it a chance and you may soon find yourself cruising around the highways of virtual Europe making deliveries and developing a logistics empire of your own. Give it a chance, you won't be disappointed.See you on the road!"
,Recommended,227300,8865657,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,qedZ,Recommended for lovers truck simulator
,Recommended,227300,10625124,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Naroro,"You'd never know that a game like this one could addict you. It doesn't look like it, but you'll be on your seat delivering so many different loads and visiting many european cities.The cities aren't like in real life, they're more like the outskirts where there are transport companies, factories and stuff, which is what you really need (it isn't a Euro Tourist Simulator after all).Overall good buy, better game, great future for it."
,Recommended,227300,18129110,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Mz.1980 </3#not Mz,we need gta v paint job
,Recommended,227300,18005583,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,[DENIS_29RUS_ETS2MP],Nice game
,Recommended,227300,8019439,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Kaiser Zach21GF,Awesome game to sit back and relax to.
,Recommended,227300,17788688,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,DKR Potato,"Euro Truck this game is a revolution on the Truck Simulation Games allowing you to tunning your truck in so many ways and a map what's massive!I really enjoy Driving and this game allows me to do that very well it has a Mod what allows you to play Online is fun if you have friends to play with ... if you don't play single player or you will realize how lonely you're ...I only hate a few things from this game for example the lag when you turn on the Lights Internet said: ""the game takes Data and he save it for use it on the game"" well a lot of games does that why your technology lag our experience?I can't wait for the American Truck Simulator and i hope the lag issues gets fixed i don't want to spend thousands of dollars on a game what cost $22.99.The game is fun if you like driving if you don't ... well don't buy it this game is for people who reallly understand what's driving and it isn't related to 30º Drifting..."
,Recommended,227300,8320633,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Shǎguā,good game
,Recommended,227300,13331756,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,trancexe,greaaartt
,Recommended,227300,18507676,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,GaryW,"Launched the game for the first time and was immediately hooked when my force feedback wheel had a slight vibration in tune with the engine sound and that's just one small part of the level of detail this game has.And, for some strange reason, driving to a destination to deliver stuff is strangely relaxing..........."
,Recommended,227300,18575840,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Ace the Amazing,"Amazing game, would highly recommend it.Extremely moddable and not that many bugs."
,Recommended,227300,18578349,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Rebo Roadie,Awesome game!! but instaling the multiplayer mod made it a hole new game.
76561198052037801,Recommended,227300,18519808,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,RedScorpion,Driving and listening music. Best feeling ever!
76561198055793709,Recommended,227300,11015958,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Lanky-Lemon,"You'd expect all of the simulator games to be a bit crap but not this one, there's an elment of progress that just keeps you addicted and truckin' for more moola, drivers, trucks and garages. Together we will conquer Europe with our excessively loud and fast trucks."
,Recommended,227300,17825163,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,zEneca,The best simulation game !
,Recommended,227300,19804080,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,lazylords,Best game ever!
76561197995521159,Recommended,227300,17989566,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,[FoG] emuleman,Check out my review of Euro Truck Simulator 2.http://plays.tv/video/55f20ed1001552859c
76561198114264049,Recommended,227300,19957329,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Lousymoose,There is something in this game that doesn`t make me feel bored even though I only press 3 keys for about 20 mins. Lost my friends over this game.10/10
,Recommended,227300,14465022,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ZÉ,After playing this game for 2 years in pirates mode i finally bought it.Worth every cent.
,Recommended,227300,19958758,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,RadioactiveMoth,"A game that is good for people who like trucking. It could be relaxing, thrilling, enlightening.... ANything is possible if the player has a great passion for trucking!I hate trucking."
,Recommended,227300,19179340,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,RunLaX,Its Good For You !
76561198117224383,Recommended,227300,19957849,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,pussyslayer9076,really fun if you have a steerin wheel and a volvo
76561198038161658,Recommended,227300,19954805,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,hitman12x,This game is so awesome! 10/10
76561198029877924,Recommended,227300,13478001,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ValHalla,Jah
76561197984437024,Recommended,227300,8343319,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Wladislaw,"Oddly soothing, it's a bit like Elite with the combat hazards replaced by the challenges of reversing with a trailer and dealing with the occasional boneheaded AI driver. The inclusion of real Internet radio stations was a brilliant touch."
,Recommended,227300,13634700,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,HeadHunter.Smoke,This game is just awesome :D.
,Recommended,227300,1476360,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Ürh,"If this game is a remotely accurate simulation of truck driving (I think some liberties have been taken in places), then these are three things that this game has taught me:1. If I were asked to drive a truck, there would be fatalaties. Lots of them.2. Speeding fines in Europe are ♥♥♥♥ing insane. 350 euros for running a red light???3. Reversing a fully loaded semi-trailer is damn near ♥♥♥♥ing impossible."
76561198099576303,Recommended,227300,20125548,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sybront Bumo,ever wanted to feel like a real trucker? Me neither! but this game threw away my social life anyways :) 10/10
,Recommended,227300,19339717,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Ako,like
,Recommended,227300,9388606,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Toxic,Its A Realy Nice Game With Good Updates And Good Graphics .With Some More Mods You Have A Fantastic Game .
76561198145466038,Recommended,227300,20213547,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tiger | hellcase.com,Booring
,Recommended,227300,20170119,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,rdhn11,"This is A Good Game,I like this game.This game is good simulator and you can play with your friend(Multiplayer)"
76561198065716304,Recommended,227300,16998259,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,emynem2000,"One of the best simulator games I have ever played. The immersion, the realism, the ability to mod (ETS2MP to name one of the best mods) are all excellent in this game.  Congratulations SCS for this piece of art !"
76561198274262835,Recommended,227300,20254170,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,monkey,I love this game
76561198158627243,Recommended,227300,20290630,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Dr Ponyskillz,nice game
76561198019732550,Recommended,227300,13687636,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kannon,"Big thumbs up to SCS the devs. Love your game, it has to be one of the best sims out there, also from all the games I have this is very well supported by you which makes the game even more enjoyable.. Please keep up all the good work you guys are doing. Wish more devs treated thier creations like this but sadly they don't. I am really looking forward to the American  truck sim. I am sure it will be brilliant :}"
,Recommended,227300,13370479,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,deepsstar,"Quite possibly THE most relaxing game ever made...?Joke all you want about the game, but seriously, just try out the demo... and it won't be long until you're playing the full game as well"
76561198018179496,Recommended,227300,13373566,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Sixpounder,One of the best games i have ever played ! There are always updates and new things on the game . The developpers actually listens to its community .10/10
,Recommended,227300,13360339,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Masqurin,"1. Drive Truck2. Don't crash into things3. Deliver cargo in time4. Profit-----But more serious, this game is one of the most positive rated games on steam. And it totally deserves it. It is great for what it supposed to do: Giving you a world to drive in. The scale is 1:19 to the real world, so it's not a hardcore simluation, but there is a modsupport to with more realistic maps (1:3 on Hungary). Not to forget a MP Mod for the game. :)By the way, the devs are one of the best. They listen, they work and improve there game. If other devs would just half as much care for there games... we would have so much more niced things. :/"
,Recommended,227300,13781906,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ron_tuex,The best driving simulator I've ever played. 10/10
76561198257647351,Recommended,227300,23729064,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,⊂λℙ┳℩и ʍ∪яℙℎɥ,Amazing game! Kind of expensive if you want all the dlc tho.
,Recommended,227300,15534787,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Heathens,Love it!
,Recommended,227300,13759977,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,NoP,"This is chill game, I very much like this game! So i i highly recommend Euro Truck Simulator 2!! :)"
,Recommended,227300,20758061,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Domikus,I ran out of gasin a gas station
,Recommended,227300,10671886,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[RU]Crissys,"Foarte frumos jocul mai ales ca acum exista si platforma multiplayer , recomand !!!"
76561198055492558,Recommended,227300,22801965,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,kac_747,very nice game
,Recommended,227300,13366803,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Angulus,Awesome game!
,Recommended,227300,19362207,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Tatăl Autostivuitorul,"I never thought i'd like a truck driving game, because i hate trucks. But ETS2 changed my opinion. Stunning game! I reccomend it."
76561198113613121,Recommended,227300,14474932,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,25putnam,I love this game with the xbox360 controller.
,Recommended,227300,28973125,Posted: 3 January,all,Summer.,Good game.
,Recommended,227300,2244052,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,psyph3r,This game is in depth. RPG style leveling with a empire building element when you buy your  own trucks and hire a fleet of drivers. Lot of fun if you appreciate these type of games.
,Recommended,227300,23937023,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rockeh.,"I GET A SPEEDING TICKET, AND HE GETS A SPEEDING TICKET, AND SHE GETS A SPEEDING TICKET, AND WE GET A SPEEDING TICKET, AND THEY GET A SPEEDING TICKET!Speeding ticket simulator 2016. Speeding ticket/10*But in all seriousness, this game is a beautiful game, that is VERY relaxing. Hence, people can sink tons of hours into.Now if you'll excuse me, I'm late for my daily speeding ticket issue."
,Recommended,227300,10418836,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Wags,"The mouse pointer is stuck in the top left of the screen, the game was working fine yesterday, maybe it was an update but after unistalling euro truck 2 and reinstalling I still have the same mouse pointer problem. I only ever used mouse and keyboard with this game. searching the internet for a fix, i am ubable to find a working solution to this problemYeah I was pretty upset I had planned to play a few hours that day with friends and then having to spend that time trying to get the game to work I was more then frustrated, However I did finally get the game working again, Deleting the Control.sii file from all profile's in myDocuments, rebooting the system and then running the game, I had to bind all my controls again but at least it is working now, I love this game :D"
76561198081675314,Recommended,227300,17286035,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Silviu,"Driving in the night listening to Fallout soundtracks, awesome chill out game."
,Recommended,227300,16606628,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Келеша [Skins 4 Trade],"Well the game has its downsides, like it lacks tuning parts (need to rely on mods), the AI is a bit stupid and can't react to simple driver to driver commands. Like flashing with the headlights for a go-ahead or honking to pick up the pace.Still its very addicting , for ~30 hrs i am at level 13 .The game needs improvement on AI and lowering the prices (~10 - 17%) for paintjobs and tuning parts.I give it a 8.5 / 10 for described downsides above."
76561198152121920,Recommended,227300,17384130,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Miki,This is good game !!!
,Recommended,227300,17385693,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DragonIV,"Euro Truck Sim 2 is a great sim, and I've been impressed with how long I've kept playing.  Driving is fairly realistic (always a plus with a driving sim) and it's mostly mindless fun.The best part about this game, however, is moments like this:I'm turning left at a T-junction in, I dunno, Kessel.  The light has been green for a bit--it takes a while for my fully loaded Volvo to get moving.  I'm about 1/3 of the way into the turn when some clown runs the red light from my right side...and unlike most drivers in this game, doesn't pay any attention to my rig and keeps coming.It's on, baby.  I floor it and T-bone the saloon.  No accident fee, since he ran the light.  And hey, it's just repair costs...so I keep right on going.  Did you know passenger cars flip in this game?  I do now.  For a brief moment, it looked like I might even monster truck him, but the game does have some limitations.10/10 Looking forward to more dumb AI drivers to ram now."
,Recommended,227300,17373985,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Bailey Lagstrum,"I purchased this game during a Steam sale in hopes that it would entertain my friend's kids when they visit. Turns out, I enjoy it myself.Features I like:- ability to add my choice of radio stations to the list, if I'm just going to sit and listen to music I might as well make some money doing it. lol- cool community mods offering an assortment of traffic etc.- discovering cool landscapes, seeing trains, ships etc.But most of all, I'm hoping it just might improve my abilities to back our boat into the driveway!"
,Recommended,227300,17328303,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Wax Fiend,Great game ive barely played and its awesome. It is very realistic with its violations. But i do think they should add a blinker violation.
,Recommended,227300,17024574,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,✪ BITTO^GA,Euro Truck Simulator 2 the best simulator game!
,Recommended,227300,17361985,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Van2k_Oda,The best simulator everJust got my logitech g27 and It was pretty funNow i can drive a truck LOL10/10
76561198052599075,Recommended,227300,18874636,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Smeltzer,"Very awesome game that eases your mind. If you have no driver's license but intend to drive, this game if for you. I can guarantee you that driving a 16-wheeler truck is much more worthwhile than driving a regular car. This game also provides a somewhat perfect representation of Europe, I believe. Get this game!"
76561198046222450,Recommended,227300,13605140,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,stieberville,I enjoyed this game and am eagerily waiting for American Truck Sim to come next.
,Recommended,227300,12337819,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Alil_2001,Epic Game
,Recommended,227300,10380389,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,rusty,WOO WOO
76561198034738247,Recommended,227300,18266579,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,MarcFootballManager,I don't like the small size of cars but I also don't like the large size of aeroplanes so EUTO TRUCKS are the perfect compromise.Blown up by Russian separatist forces in Eastern Europe after three journeys.11/10 would blow up again.
76561198095346436,Recommended,227300,12949512,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,kevin1998654,I wanna be a truck driver when i grow up.......
,Recommended,227300,14292322,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,dolan,Starting a new e-sport. If anybody wants to try out hmu. 10/10
76561198234528468,Recommended,227300,18795325,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,sParta,the best game !!!
,Recommended,227300,9168312,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,SquanchySwank,11/10 Would Read Again
,Recommended,227300,26011060,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,raks,"gg devs,  gg mods"
,Recommended,227300,18978086,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,°~MICKEY~°,BEST GAME EVER MADE UNTIL AMERICAN TRUCK SIMULATOR COMES OUT LOL
76561198139088299,Recommended,227300,18924523,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,nolifer86,This is one of the best driving simulator out there if your looking to race this is not for you this is game you can relax an have fun!
,Recommended,227300,18927447,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Achmed The Dead Terrorist,this is one of the best simulator in the whole entire stream store RECOMMANDED
76561198298401190,Recommended,227300,30604404,Posted: 18 March,all,Nashi,One of the most chill and relaxing games I've ever played.
76561198067210804,Recommended,227300,11566342,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,roach,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is simply a beautiful and ""different"" game. It may seem boring at first but as you really start to see the depth of the game and the complexity the comes with it you'll be hooked."
76561198115018221,Recommended,227300,19085243,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,LeBuffSmurf,totally worth it try buy with the DLC
,Recommended,227300,13170473,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kiddo,"I think this game is good for those who like trucking, And those who don't like can start like trucking if you play this game.I don't or didn't like trucking so much. But after playing a little bit from this game, His realism. I started to like trucking.Big recommendetion from me !"
,Recommended,227300,8012657,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,PH1LT3R_NZ,"A unique, immersive, relaxed driving experience with business management simulation backing it up and a wide range very highly detailed trucks.Just so you know - this game does not contain huge simulated cities for you to navigate through, or real-time, actual-duration trips between cities - That's just something you should know up front.But really, who would want that?   Here's what Euro Truck Simulator does really well:  it takes a long-haul job and comfortably squeezes it into a shorter, simplified (and satisfying) game experience.The driving is great, after you get your controller settings right (which can take a little trial and error.)  I used a joystick and once I had everything set up, I was very impressed with the way my truck handled and the physics in general.You have to keep your eyes on the road, or you'll find yourself in trouble pretty quickly, but it is worth using the mouse to look around - the scenery is diverse enough, a few more landmarks and surprises would have been good - some of the locations (especially places like sawmills and refinieries) feel very re-used, but it's hard to imagine how the developers could have improved on this without a truckload of cash.All the detail is in the vehicles themselves.If you're into trucks (which I'm not) you'll probably need to change your pants after you take a look at what's on offer; major European truck brands and LOADS of accessories and parts are availble to add to your favourite rig as your progress.  That doesn't float my boat, but I really appreciate the attention to realistic detail.  The cabs are simply stunning and make me wish I owned an Oculus Rift or similar VR headset.Overall - if you're big into trucks OR you enjoy realistic, immersive vehicle simulators - get into this one, it's well worth the asking price."
76561198081308400,Recommended,227300,14963274,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ServuS,"Nice game . Was looking after it to be on sale , and bought it along with de Going-East DLC for 4.45 euros . Nice job SCS , keep up the good work and release more DLC"
76561197960370021,Recommended,227300,10864520,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Herb,much fun haha
,Recommended,227300,12476638,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,A Cake,"Got hit by AL, charged $400. 11/10"
,Recommended,227300,11071240,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,dkalaxdk,"Awesome game, hours upon hours of gameplay, one thing though, you need to be kinda interrested too keep youself playing, it is a simulator game after all. This game is the best simulator game i've played, and there are quite a jump in quality from the ordinary simulators. i can only recomend it, if you're interested in trucks."
76561198029383047,Recommended,227300,28078550,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Glembovski,No matter how fast I ride I cannot ride away from my autism.
76561198094675791,Recommended,227300,13182123,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,S3D4T1√ ♤  ｡◕▽◕｡,"Until now i love it because of his multiplayer !Is verry funny to play it with your friends , in a convoy or each with their cargo ( but all mess in skype etc..)Pro : Multiplayer good configured - Good staff also: Good and nice drivers: Good graphics: Very good customization of the truckCons : Please , don't go in Rotterdam , or if u go don't stay much in (many a**holes drivers there - can ram you): On VERY low PC in city (mp version) can be around 20 fps or less ( on good computers no problems): Can be hard at start for some non-casual players on drivingFinal : Very good game , good price also , he is worthing definitly his money because of his multiplayer option (not included here , download free from google)Enjoy !"
,Recommended,227300,13378693,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,★LegoLaS★ CSGOFAST.COM,Good Game
,Recommended,227300,12942524,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,FrAggZ_EvRywEr,"stoped playing it for some time, but now im back into LOVING it :D Id segest make one account for like finding out how to play the game, then later make another for the game :D"
,Recommended,227300,13750411,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,neoadorable,"Wow, everything they said was true! Played less than an hour after buying on the holiday 2014 sale, and already addicted. Can't wait to buy my own truck! Sure, the graphics even on max are little rough, but it's super accessible and easy to get into, so if you're worried about steep learning curves fear no more. From the settings/tutorial it seems you CAN customize it to be a very demanding sim, but it's not required.Just doing jobs, cruising around, following the rules of the road, listening to live music from all over Europe...amazing, really excellent experience."
,Recommended,227300,13937126,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ETS2K - henri_htgl,"Nice simulation game, I spent many hour to playing this game and now with multiplayer it makes this game more fun to play"
76561198170223466,Recommended,227300,13940821,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ICSCEN,Wow nice game! i am playing this game alot!
76561198158024836,Recommended,227300,13926535,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,[DHL] The legend,A very good game a must by for truck fans a you will play this for hours 10 out of 10
,Recommended,227300,13945392,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Milibits,All de rammin
,Recommended,227300,13950248,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Missing-Nin,Great game even though it should be called speeding ticket simulator. Who ever thought driving a virtual truck can be so calming. 9.5/10
76561198119634223,Recommended,227300,9588606,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Pallet the logistics pony,this is an amazing game and you should play it you can get a demo or pay for it eather way you get to play the full game and its fun
,Recommended,227300,13635189,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,chibi,"the intro video in the steam told me to became a king of the road, so i did it, turn out even king will get fined if they crash the truck with another cars. 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,8945562,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,queenofcookies1980,"""Keep your motor running, running down the highway...""Love this game! It's repetative, slowgoing, RSI-invoking, time wasting... and I can't stop playing it.The essence: buy a truck and make deliveries all over Europe. Earn money, improve truck. Buy more trucks, hire drivers and earn more money... etc.Do NOT hit stuff, you DON'T get points for it and it WILL cost you money :pVery enjoyable, will be awesome to have it in multi-player so I can show off my blinged out purple truck to others.8/10"
76561198006876821,Recommended,227300,13442435,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ravenscar,"Spend 10 years living in Manchester, listening to Rock XS whilst driving to work.Emigrate to New York City.Buy Euro Truck Simulator 2.Simulate driving around Manchester, listening to Rock XS.Question life choices.Would question life choices all over again.10/10"
76561198056673429,Recommended,227300,13437070,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Rob0416,"My friends though i was a complete r-tard when i hung up my MLG life of rekking scrubs in call of duty to play a trucking simulator.Man if those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ knew what they where missing,Right now im sitting back with a 2 liter bottle of dew, and a bag of family sized dorritos, watcing my multi-million dollar trucking empire conquer europe like adolf hitler on fast forward.I would highly recomend.ps. i got my stupid parents to buy me a $300 logitech g27 racing wheel to play this game, best decision ever."
76561198124690284,Recommended,227300,9903412,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Syn Flux (Tempahog),I do recomend it but it would be a lot better if multiplayer was added ScS!?
,Recommended,227300,8986258,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Cheekigamer,pretty realistic and sweet game
,Recommended,227300,13071355,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,TREEZ1337,"boring, 11/10"
,Recommended,227300,13209480,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,S I D,Awesome game 11/10
,Recommended,227300,13183816,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Alex2222,"Hello! I'ts my favorite game, verry good graphics, gameplay, physics. This game is verry easily to mod."
,Recommended,227300,9113202,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,FlamingHotHetro,SEX :3
76561198121492477,Recommended,227300,13208031,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Zidrex _27RU_,best simulator in its genre
,Recommended,227300,13192474,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,WasabiGojira,Perfecto mama mia!
,Recommended,227300,13159828,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Spooky Bov,Pulls up to junctionCan't see traffic lightsReverses to see traffic lights-400 euros for colliding with a car11/10
,Recommended,227300,14627894,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,20MegatonThunderbolt,Great for the truck sim love person. I played this game and it's relaxing for me when I have nothing to do great all round
,Recommended,227300,14642713,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,C H U M D R U M,<3
76561198056020364,Recommended,227300,14651872,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,[35th]Gatsybah,"Loving this game, it's exactly the good looking, relaxing and entertaining game that I was looking for!"
,Recommended,227300,14690879,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SKRRT ON THE OPP BLOCK,"ETS 2 does what it says on the tin. You start off as a poor young truck driver looking to progress in the intricate and complicated world of delivering shipments...Pros:- A very relaxing game - you can literally relax for hours on end just playing and progressing- The locations are modelled on a smaller scale of the real ones - streets and signs are all in the right language, and it's these little details that make the game fantastic- Upgrades and progressing - you can progress and earn the right to deliver shipments of explosives or hazardous materials - this adds an element of risk and carefulness to the game. Also, you can pimp out your truck and make it really poweful and fast!- A huge map - there are so many roads, cities, regions and countries that you will never get bored.- Realism - the graphics are top-notch and there are so many realistic things - indicators, windscreen wipers when it's raining, you can even stream live radio from all over Europe.Stretching it, it's a bit like GTA in a sense that every little detail makes the game so much more satisfying to play. It's not just driving a truck to your destination, it's the little things along the way which keep you occupied - filling up your tank when it's low, abiding to the real rules of the roads (driving on the left when in the UK, right when in Europe), and even sleeping when your driver is tired. Amazingly, there is only one or two things I'd like to see added to the game. These are:- Bigger cities - for example, famous Landmarks, mountains etc...- Continents - I know that the developers would have a tough time with this but if we could drive in Asia, Africa, or South America on the""Death Roads"" in Bolivia, that would really be stunning!So this is my review. If you like driving peacefully and not with 50 police cars behind you or in a race with supercars, then this is for you.9/10"
,Recommended,227300,14693558,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,AppelMoes,Fun to play. Good graphics.
76561198133112530,Recommended,227300,14700169,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,III Monkey III,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA***********************************
,Recommended,227300,14725247,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Dieu et mon droit,The game for the people who really love driving and go anywhere10 out of 10 :)
76561198092981045,Recommended,227300,14753236,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Zephyr,Thos game is so cool although the AI could do with some improovments i keep getting crashed into lol
,Recommended,227300,14759184,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Djrobbe18,A nice game for relaxing Sundays and evenings :)
,Recommended,227300,14785955,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,bbbbbbbbbbbbluraydvdbbbb,GREAT FUN!!!!!!! Tden outa Tden!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,14793153,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,dik,.
76561198203497816,Recommended,227300,14794999,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,l.hughs1400,good game and i would get the next one as soon as it comes out
76561198019725784,Recommended,227300,14809436,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Broon,Drive around a vast world and listen to 80s pop?Sold!
,Recommended,227300,14810521,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,孫文,"I gave up my job, marriage, education, cos I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing european truck driver now"
,Recommended,227300,14816485,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Cloudy,I take this game to seriously.
76561198077814430,Recommended,227300,14832353,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Ganinon,"Surprisingly addicting and fun. I can't rationally explain what it is that makes driving through the countryside in a big rig fun, but this is definitely a game worth purchasing to find out."
76561197996882164,Recommended,227300,14570677,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,TexRob,"This is an amazing sim.  This is incredibly relaxing and satisfying for some reason.  It's challenging but not your usual challenge.  It also has great elements of building your trucking empire, cool truck variety.  You feel a real attachment to your first truck, and can modify and improve it in truly useful ways, as well as cosmetic.  I can't imagine playing this without a steering wheel.  With a steering wheel, pedals, h shifter, and triple monitors, I feel extremely immersed.  I've heard most of these things before in other reviews of the game.  What I did not hear was just how amazing the world is.  Pedestrians, cars, other trucks, weather, time of day, etc.  This world is amazingly lifelike and real.  You don't feel like it's all for you, you feel like these people have things to do, and aren't just there for your experience, it's hard to explain.  I haven't really played a game that I felt I could just drive around in without a purpose since Midtown Madness (old school name drop!)Anyhow, this is quite an interesting game/sim.  If you're even mildly curious about it, buy it, it's worth it.  The level of polish is impressive.  Also, mods are nice.  They also just released a big modding tool so expect even more player created stuff.  Almost from the start I am running a field of view mod for triples, and a better sounding rain with thunder."
,Recommended,227300,14579587,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Gooner615,Great Game and Never crashes. You can add mods to the game to make it fun. You can use a logitech g27 and track ir.
,Recommended,227300,14590000,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Zombiefood103,I will be completely honest with you. I have no Idea why I enjoy this game so much. The concept sounds very mundane and I don't think I would have played it had it not been executed so masterfully. It really pulls you into the experience with it's level of immersion and it makes you want to continue playing for as long as possible. I recommend playing with the internet radio on and with a steering wheel for maximum enjoyment.
76561198020132095,Recommended,227300,14595017,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Char Aznable,"beep beep! Watch out I don't have a CDL!I can back up work trailers IRL with ease since playing this.I just wish there was more time backing stuff up, and with harder corners to manuever! I guess I could always put myself in tough predicaments and try to get out, though ;)"
76561198165534911,Recommended,227300,14746920,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,NEC Alex,good gme if your into trucking
,Recommended,227300,14751425,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,t3hamazingslav,This gameis fun and relaxing it is even more enjoyable when you have a steering wheel and an H-shifter hooked up to your PC.
76561198115735949,Recommended,227300,14753210,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,RedeemerBlood,"This game is more fun than it has any right to be, at least from the impression you get from reading the title of the game.Good company management options, great sound and accurately depicted trucks and a huge sprawling, scaled UK & Europe map with soon to be added Scandinavia DLC has a great amount of roads both freeway and back roads to explore with some great senery out and around the simulated cities and a number of trucks and trailers to choose from.Down sides are quite few, at least for me. Would be nice if some of the trucks were more customizable. Some of the roads and interchanges seem to be cut and pasted and it would be nice to have more of 'in city' driving, as most cities are just a conglomoration of drop off points (for cargo), motels, dealerships, places to hire crew for your company and a few other buildings and landmarks depending on the city. Also, AI vehicles can be frustrating at times but so are some drivers in the real world.Also UTS2 has a great mod community as well that provides a number of vehicles, physics, weather mods, and added locations (such as a Russia/North Africa/Western Europe or even Brazil).Spent more time playing this than I ever thought I would. 'Currently' my most played game on Steam. Great to relax to and just hit the Ero country side and watch the hours fly by making delivery after delivery gaing xp and expanding your company."
,Recommended,227300,14757865,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,jackkmart,Soooooooooooooooooo Relaxing that It's ridiculous.Just sit and drive on!
,Recommended,227300,14804281,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Real Gay Canadian Black Man,"I drove a fake truck in fake Germany, yelling at fake drivers for being bad fake drivers and stressing out about saving fake money to buy fake petrol and fake upgrades for my fake truck for about 12 real hours and loved every bit of it."
,Recommended,227300,14812700,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Baloo Uriza,Unbelievably addictive simulation with phenomenal scenery perfect for anybody who can't visit the real Europe.  Surprisingly accurate (but not overly accurate as that just wouldn't be playable) truck physics and realism provide for a pretty authentic experience for driving HGVs.  Looking forward to driving the American version to see how it compares against the Freightliners and Hinos I used to drive.
,Recommended,227300,14814086,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Extra_Random,"Who would have thought that driving a truck for a long period of time would make a fun, enjoyable game?"
76561198041812857,Recommended,227300,14814258,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,KJTB8,"I don't know much about trucks, I just like a large pseudo open world to drive around in while listening to podcasts.  This game isn't fun as much as it is a form of meditation.  Empty your mind, drive from Poland to Wales, and listen to Hello Internet.A good purchase on sale."
,Recommended,227300,14582081,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Turn Ads Off ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Wow! I dont own this game but i'll put it on my wishlist.
,Recommended,227300,14593937,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,RoB,I like the game so much but when it comes about updating the game with dlc s and all that kind of new stuff you should actually build up the whole europe including Romania!!!! The Going East DLC should have all the eastern countries like Romania too. Why don't you people want Romania in the game? Romania can be better than Hungary and Slovakia!
76561198134886191,Recommended,227300,14598478,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Boenna,"Sit back. Relax.Do everything you're normaly not allowed to do while trucking through Europe.Then get the multiplayer.  Get mad because everyone is honking at you. Then you realise it's common courtesy, and you start to get mad at everyone that DOESN'T honk.11/10 Cannot wait for trucking in Norway"
76561198022980239,Recommended,227300,14634919,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Co-leader,works well with logitech g27
76561198059754194,Recommended,227300,14657207,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Admiral WolverineLighteningBolt,"I have a couple days worth of play time on this so I feel like I can recommend this game to anyone who likes simulator games. The graphics are great and the gameplay is nice, its a very relaxing game. Until somebody hits you when you put your blinker on and try to change lanes. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a fun sim and doesn't mind a little repetition. Great and very pleasant gameplay!! I would wait for the game to go on sale though, I bought it for $6.99 USD on sale."
,Recommended,227300,14662772,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,g3n3r1c_n@m3_1,hard at first but a very good game
76561198021325546,Recommended,227300,14680900,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Hydra25NL,Driving truck with 120km/h trough roundabouts what you want more! 11/10
,Recommended,227300,14692091,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,afabbro,"Great meditaive game.Would like more variety though: traffic jams, vehicles, pedestrians, streets, places to visit, and assets."
76561198058876246,Recommended,227300,14716050,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,MustangRacer14,This is really great game if you are interested in trucks!!
76561198096258699,Recommended,227300,14805349,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Extrevious,"Euro Truck simulator 2 is a 'special' game because of it tendencies to make the player drift off into a world where you only have to focus on one thing: Driving. The game is unique as it delivers an experience that no other game ive played offers such as: Graphics that are simply breathtaking when on the specific high setting, the amount of attention to detain put into this game and it's world shows enomous dedication and a good eye, although the cities arent the actual size that probably should be, the major cities are quite realistic and have that original feel to them.The mechanics of the game are quite fair as if you speed you get a ticket, break rules: ticket and ect. The game is fairly good with its mechanics physics wise, I have yet to see a time where my truck has slingshoted out into the air. You can do everything that a truck can mostly do such as honk the horn, indicate, fill up with fuel (essential), cruise control, lights, manual gearboxes... the works essentially.The most unique thing about this game is that since it is just about driving, it has the sense of meditation or zen to it, usually I feel after playing an hour of the game refreshed or it clears your mind, it's also great before sleep as with other games where you find you are always looking around for dangers or involving yourself too much in typing or whatever, in this game it's simple, stressfree and overall very enjoyable. This game is great for all ages and especially those who are truck enthusiasts, people who dont mind sitting down for an hour or two and just relax will love the game and everything in it. The combination of just driving through the beautiful landscape is fully worth the money to look at and there is a wide selection of trucks to choose as well.Overall, I thoroughly enjoy this game and recommend it to all who look at the game and this review, and to all that buy the game:HAPPY DRIVING!(For those out of 10 enthusiasts)10/10"
76561198028913179,Recommended,227300,14826003,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,AzTeK PoWeRz,great game! I've enjoyed the game so far and listening to the internet radio stations makes traveling nice.
76561198116574183,Recommended,227300,14833260,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Rickky,"this game is really good very fun,i would recomend getting the multiplayer mod adds much more fun to the gamerecommended 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,13747663,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Pepuniaka',Best truck simulator ever <3 !P.S. Happy New Year! ^.^
,Recommended,227300,9842209,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,FatCat,"Surprisingly fun game. I´m surprised that driving trucks is so fun. The graphics are pretty good and the control is good. You can go automatic or manual, and also use a wheel (sold seperately) You can also customise your truck and more. It´s actually very realistic too. And serious. And thats a part of the problem, that it takes a long time to get anywhere. You loose money really easy too, when people drive into your car, which is really irritating, because you pay the fine. I recommend this game anyway, but I think you will enjoy it if you:1: Are a real truck driver2:Like driving games3: Have a lot of time on your hands.+ Good graphics+ Good sound and also radio+ Feels like you are a real truck driver+ A lot to do- Takes a long time to get anywhere- Some irritating problems- Not every country in Europe :(- Sometimes too realisticTotal rating: 7,5/10"
76561198110057880,Recommended,227300,14928259,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Miss.P,"I am so confused that how bored this game was and i just can't stop playing it.SUCH TYPICAL SIM GAME it was and i really enjoy it.YOU SHOULD TRY IT, REALLY."
76561198144248389,Recommended,227300,15001087,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,'Peculiar Person,"this is the most  amazing game for me  which i played in my life.  Of course  this game needs to become more development and i see that, it's going to this way.. Thanks for this game and for the multiplayer mod .  :))))))))))))"
,Recommended,227300,14892572,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,BigRichG,Fun game. Great game to pass time
76561198055863187,Recommended,227300,15082756,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,TheAterix,"I personally feel this is a enticing and magestic game. The graphics make the game look intense and tight, like a 16 year old virgin, the corners, by god, they are like D class h**kers, gaping they are.Must play this game, also get multiplayer, so you can play with the other truckers, and truck with everyone.This game is Trucking fantastic!!!"
,Recommended,227300,15015150,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Jim,easily the greatest sequel to a european trucking simulator ever made
,Recommended,227300,14281189,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kissma,Great game.
,Recommended,227300,14217149,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Veioza,"Nice game, nice comunity!"
,Recommended,227300,13643043,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Apollo,"nothing like driving and relaxing, then flipping your trailer."
76561198006198121,Recommended,227300,13924158,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Inca,"Nothing like cruising through the beautiful scenery of Europe in your favourite truck, visiting your favourite destinations while listening to your local radio station. This game is absolutely brilliant, both as a realistic simulator and for the immersive gameplay itself.Go buy it, and get trucking. Fun game, top score."
,Recommended,227300,8548701,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,zaxar1974,best game! 100/100
,Recommended,227300,2559061,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Travo,"A very relaxing and well polished simulation game with an amazing community and a huge modification base. Well worth the money, as it is a game to which you WILL regularly return to and do a couple of trips, hauling cargo from one end of Europe to the other, with your fully customized truck."
,Recommended,227300,12623424,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Arppi,This game is truck driving if you have a g27 like me buy it now!!
,Recommended,227300,13434030,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,AidenTheJones,Somehow Fun
,Recommended,227300,13173775,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lightshader,"After buying this game last Friday, today my wife and I just played this game for a whole afternoon. I think we just explored a little piece of the whole game, but I can confidently say this game is awesome!The video effects of sightseeings, moving objects and weather are all well performed with fluently running in highest graphic level. Actually we are not racing game fans, but the enjoyable trips on the EU land totally attacted us. Also, you can listen some awesome EU radio stations inside of the game, which make you feel more like driving in EU.Btw, this game is not that easy to fast start, but I think it is worth to take some time to handle the skill of controlling the big trucks, and then you can simply gain the pleasure of driving."
76561198082235201,Recommended,227300,11876515,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,booforlife,yo if u like trucking this game is for you i already put so much hours in to this game driving at night is my favorite because your headlights and stuff really make a difference i highly recomend this game to others who enjoy trucking
76561198075293586,Recommended,227300,13461427,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,gcr,"I know most ""XYZ Simulator"" games are utter crap, but this is the real deal. A great game that still gets updates and new content all the time. From the developers blog, one can see that they really love what they do, and they really love this game. Not really a helpful review, is it? Well, I just wanted to say I love this game, and the developers deserve lots of respect, unlike some spoiled brats that call themselves developers these days..."
,Recommended,227300,13443215,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Mike Stoklasa's Cynicism,This game is amazing.
76561198034613083,Recommended,227300,13357209,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SekRanger,"I don't know what should I say. I enjoy driving my truck through good landscape all over Europe.The game engine is realistic enough for me to drive and feel like a real truck driver.Now, I need Oculus and driving gear."
,Recommended,227300,15870794,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Ray_Gamerz,Awesome game !!
,Recommended,227300,9781757,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,McBirdo,this is AMAZING
76561198045738542,Recommended,227300,11143715,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Basgen,You get to drive trucks and stuff
76561198161021581,Recommended,227300,15705265,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,OHL Driver | Resh,"This new 1.17.1s update is causing the brakes to very weak, however the ai and steering are great but still can do better also for the load up that causes lags"
76561198105075716,Recommended,227300,9569912,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,The Zain,Best sim EVA
,Recommended,227300,9182750,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Dark Rose,Very Good Game
,Recommended,227300,9354291,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,TyraéLL,"This kind of game may seem the classic horribly-made simulator, full of bugs and not worth to buy or play..BUT! This is an unexpected surprise!This simulator is so well done and complete in his genre that will make you always ready to accept another quest (a Spedition Job), exploring great part of Europe (North Italy, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, France, luxembourg, belgium, UK and more..) and its beautiful environments and sights from your truck.To the developers: Good Job!Approved and suggested!"
76561198119548113,Recommended,227300,9380053,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Houndzz,This game is a really fun trucking game the views are really good it almost makes the driver with no arms or feet cry. If you are like me and like driving games you should get it don't listen to the bad reviews this is a really good game. You can play this on the go and online it is a all around game to have it is amazing you need to get it. I wrote this review because this game is so good if you know me in real life you know that it better be a good game that I am writing this long review.
,Recommended,227300,9209684,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Iroquois Pliskin,"Comfy Simulator. Put MP3s on the custom radio station, thank me later."
,Recommended,227300,9119774,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Martinix,Best Simulator - 2013
76561198093428221,Recommended,227300,9210046,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Gamingnation77,totaly awsome
,Recommended,227300,9105254,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Myom Everwind,best game 2015
,Recommended,227300,8307031,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Cole_umbus,"Oh ma goodness, oh ma dayum. This game has taken up most of my time on Steam and I couldn't be happier about it. GET IT!"
76561198082702126,Recommended,227300,8853764,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Gravesteyn,Very nice game.Lots of hours of fun.Now waiting for scandinavia and better south of europe.
,Recommended,227300,8549088,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Skitty,"Great game to play in your free time, and the graphics are just beautiful."
,Recommended,227300,8611927,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,[A3RP]V̶i̶c̶i̶o̶u̶s̶,great game... Its not challenging but its fun to play and spend some time :)
,Recommended,227300,8462353,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,xXGrampsXx420,The ride never ends.
76561198082798450,Recommended,227300,8464227,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,"You dirty, dirty, Shisno",This game is absolutely bueatiful and drving feels so nice this game is amzing I recommend this game for everyone.
,Recommended,227300,15236044,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,whitey03301,love this game easy play with endless option
76561198157089751,Recommended,227300,15235590,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Dark-Knighton,"Was skeptical at first, but after playing this game for 15 mins I was hooked and strangley obssessed with it.Great graphics and awesome game play, this is a must buy."
76561198008343646,Recommended,227300,13621910,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sterling Archer,"I don't even know why I find this game fun, but it is... so much so that it got me to invest onG27wheel H-shifter and aTrack-iR 5clip-ons. all I can say is wow.. worth the investments.the attention to detail on the trucks, the sounds of the engine rumbling as you start her up, the vast european radio stations you can tune in to, and the amazing talent of some of the players have creating new trucks and a myriad of free add-ons you can install to pimp your truck, is why I give this game a big thumbs up.it's a truck driving simulation. it is what it is. you get rewarded by money and XP for getting your big trailer/load to its destination on time and in good condition.   it's all about the journey between your point ""A"" pick up load- to point ""B"" drop off load.  Some find it relaxing, which I do and some don't.the ""a.i"" drivers can be, well just like in real life..are both unpredictable and sometimes out right ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.""yeah buddy you see me turning from a mile away and you just t-bone me..f,u.. leme see your insurance card.!""Pro'sGraphics - attention to detail on the trucks is amazing, both inside the cabin and outside.Sounds - having access to european radio station in game feels right,Constant Support - the Dev's are hard at work adding new contents. - Public - MoDs amazing what some of these guys can do.  and its free.  search for Ets2 addons.Game play - really good truck driving simulation.  so many ways to play this, keyboard and mouse, x-box controller for pc, wheel support, track iR, VR support.Con'sNo Housing - to come home to ungratefull wife that takes your hard earned money to feed your sh^tt@ kids."
76561198062134650,Recommended,227300,14234068,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Storm,"I crashed many times and pretty much destroyed the cargo, but made the delivery on time. ""Tolerable"". 10/10Don't forget to turn the speed limiter off."
,Recommended,227300,8233869,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Crypto,"This game is truly fantastic! You can properly customize a good range of trucks and, for once, it has realistic driving control - this is the best simulator I have played in a long time.However the game would be better if it had an online feature."
76561198057851064,Recommended,227300,15257729,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,bob,"Suprisingly good game, The thought of just driving around in tucks sounds dull but this is one of the most relaxing games ive played.Graphics are good physics are good and its not too strict on being precise in you driving but strict enough that it does not seem arcadey"
76561198008894352,Recommended,227300,15223252,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,wyatt_earp_777,I never thought driving a truck down a highway for hours on end could be fun. I was wrong.
,Recommended,227300,14145977,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,MystiqueJas,"Great game, was a great buy.Also a very calming game too. Enjoy c:"
,Recommended,227300,2088403,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,JeuDeTarot,"It's really funny u know? Want relax after hard day?! Just run that game!In case — best from so specifical genre & best (IMHO) for relax.Just get in the truck and drive around Europe. This game also supply a lot of funny stuff, like online-radio and custom parts for your truck.Road & wheels. All what u need for chill out.Cheers, girls!"
,Recommended,227300,13173677,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Bert Macklin,"Spend several hours in this painfully realistic truck simulator enjoying yourself and then realize you're playing a ♥♥♥♥ing game where all you do is drive a truck. Power your way through level barriers that prevent you from driving a decent truck while driving through the same scenery to the same towns on the same continent.The only satisfying feeling about this game is when you pay off the 200k loan that you borrowed from a fictional bank, but then you remember that you're still in debt irl and your satisfaction is immediately ripped from you.10/10, will spend 10 minutes backing up into a parking spot again."
76561197960865440,Recommended,227300,15452913,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Lobstha,"Just a simple cathartic game.  After purchasing I figured it would give me around 20 hours of fun, 117 hour later I am still driving all over Europe.  Simply find a cargo to move, set your radio station, and aimlessy drive from point A to point B.  The AI can be funky at times, the traffic patterns can cause grid lock at other times, but overall a really entertaining game."
76561198079218957,Recommended,227300,12430561,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,CoconutKoala,It Is Very Fun Could Make The Trucks A Bit Less Money But Over All Very Fun
76561198108355923,Recommended,227300,10043272,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Mario,goood game like it but lags and
76561198022599762,Recommended,227300,7830151,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Meowingtons,"I purchased this game as a joke; it was VERY cheap, and on sale. However there is no other game which I so honestly enjoyed the mundanity of. It is relaxing, peacful, and truthfully enjoyable."
76561198085792193,Recommended,227300,26211288,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,numan4634,"This game definitley deserves a thubms up. İ an not a truck driving veteran and i do not know much about things like retarder or air brake. But i am sure that these details are crucial for truck driving. This is a realy nice openworld simultions game for even rookie truck drivers.Here are the cons that i can see:Tha games graphics card req is high but the environment is not that good looking. Even with my R9 380 i can see occasional fps drops on ultra settings @1080.This is not a downside but when radio is playing in the truck, there should have been some echo or accustics or something like that. If you have played farcry 3, there are veichles and you hear radio is playing while driving. In this game, it is like an excluded music player.There is traffic in this openworld game and the ai is not that smart. Sometimes they can smash into your truck while you are coming out of a full repair :) AI should be avoding crashes. Cuz sometimes they are just blind.This is not a con but if it is an openworld game and there is traffic, there has to be an option for traffic density. It would be realy nice to see lots of cars on the roads or no cars at all.When the game gets an update, it termintates your ongoing saved mission and pays you for it. I don't want the money, i want to complete my mission. The game is getting frequent updates and this is sometimes annoying.The map can be a little bit less repetitive with some additions.I think it is a little bit hard to make money. I mean if you want a fully upgraded scania truck, you have to play for like a 100 hours. This is my subjective opinion, some people may think that it should be hard to get a truck like that. Your choice.There are lots of dlc for this game. 2 of them are expansions to the map and others are paint jobs and interior decorations. I think 1 is for heavy cargo. Some of these dlc should not be dlc. They should be standart issue.And i do not see any other downsides. Here are the pros:Map is big enough so you can spend hours in the game. If you do not mind repeating environments, you will have lots of quality time :)There are lots of control and driving options. This is an important requirement for a simulations game.There are options for seat position, mirrors and light adjustments, break intensity, rain probability, trailer stability ... etc.There is a cruise control.There is an in-game radio, so you are not stuck with your truck roaring all the time. You can also create your playlist with your own music.There is a company management system. Which means you are not alone in the game and this is cool. It is also a faster way to make money.There are occasional pedestrians. It feels like a live action game. There should be more of them here and there. Which reminds me, it would be nice to see some crashes on the road. Maybe a truck turned upside down and some people are helping the driver. Or a car going off the road while driving. So i can say, holly ****, that dude was too fast and he deserved it :)Truck sounds are realistic. They are actually recorded live.You can play with keyboard, gamepad or a wheel and they all have their specific options.There are camera controls to help you check the corners. You do not have to use mouse to look around.There are different camera angles, you can drive from outside if you want.There are traffic tickets for speeding or passing through red light. There is a penalty for avoding sleep :) You start dozing if you do not sleep for too long.There are a variety of trucks with their own characteristics.So this is all i can say objectively about this game. If you don't mind repeating environment and long play times, this is an addictive simulation game."
,Recommended,227300,13222092,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,❄FABL3❄,playing this game is extremely fun from what ive played so far and im not even have my own trucks yet :3
,Recommended,227300,13224349,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,nemaxis,"if you like sideseeing, driving big truck in european road, builds truck company on your own. Rushing delivery in challenging traffic and road. This is the game for you. I like the view, graphic, sound and it european radio. Seem like you are in europe travelling with big truck. I love this game.. Volvo, Scania, Daf.... Es ist cool.."
,Recommended,227300,13228380,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,К.А.Л.А.Ш.Н.И.К.О.В,"If you like trucks but not driving one, this game is for you. It has big area to drive, patches with bug fixes and new content and can be modded easily."
,Recommended,227300,13229914,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,primezigma,Environment in the game is so realistic even traffic rule  haha.Explore the world is very funny and this game give me a truck driver experince.Like this.
,Recommended,227300,13230381,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Em1L,"Funny game, lets take the trucker cap on and say houdy! :DI recomend this game, dosent need specially PC to run."
76561198156959003,Recommended,227300,13230834,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,sambedford101,"Amazing.... but you need a good graphics card, upgrading mine and the power supply soon aha, I can still play on med to low setting and look alright :)"
,Recommended,227300,13252025,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Fragment of Memories,"Just add more people,it will be great and more realistic.But now just like dead city...."
76561198056347264,Recommended,227300,13236944,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Té,"I wouldn't thought that a simulator game would ever make me feel like I want to go home from work fast, to deliver some cargos.It's fun and addictive.10/10"
76561198008148690,Recommended,227300,13277452,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,VelocityMax,Fun stuff.
76561198043002417,Recommended,227300,13281772,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Strickersss,"Unbelieveably realistic and defiantly worth the purchase, always more to do with the inclusion of DLCS. 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,13061025,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Red @ AlphaConsole,"Very nice game; good graphics, good everything!"
76561198045809824,Recommended,227300,8670383,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Cock Mandingo,Easy. Game the truck until you're winner. all things accounted for I would always play to get the truck in need.
,Recommended,227300,13108907,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,🔥VACTION,"Um ótimo jogo, para quem curte jogo de tal genêro. Um excelente jogo com uma jogabilidade impressionante e gráficos extraordinários.Recomendo muito!"
76561198014061753,Recommended,227300,11071674,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Kenickie,"Driving from Germany to France to deliver to toys, litsening to ABBA while driving a Volvo truck. If that isn't enough of a hint to know this is the best damn game ever, i don't know what is. 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,9737973,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Frank McBigballs,Simply the greatest game ever created.
76561198029461267,Recommended,227300,13211077,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,doldenyus,I Played this game almost 50 hours . The game is flexible to put add-ons .
,Recommended,227300,12373044,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Lutefisk,"If you use video games as a way to relax, and you enjoy the idea of someday driving a lorry all over Europe, then this game is your dream come true. It is exactly what it sounds like. Drive a lorry around Europe, beep the horn, turn on your lights at night, pay tolls, refuel, get new parts for your lorry. stop at red lights and use your turn indicators deliver bags of cement to Innsbruck or MIlan! Cruise through downtown Munchen while driving reasonably and safely!"
,Recommended,227300,11559334,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,;;spluR 'new ',who u foolin
,Recommended,227300,11650568,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Jay448,"At first glance Euro Truck Simulator 2 does not seem to exiting to most people, driving around in traffic and delivering supplies around Europe. With that opinion I must disagree. Before hand I decided to by myself a steering wheel (Logitech G27) I had looked upon ETS2 and played it a bit but never really enjoyed it that much. Then I got my steering wheel and decided to give this game another look, oh boy that was a good plan. At the time of riding this review I have spent over 70hours playing this game and enjoying every bit of it. The great thing about ETS2 is that there is a huge community around it and that means a lot of mods aswell. There are pleanty of websites that host all sorts of mods such as, maps, truck, skins, trailers and alot more then that. Just because you have the amount of mods it makes it never really boring, if you are bored at the default look of the game just download some skins. After playing this game for a copple of months I have to say that everyone who owns a decent steering wheel and likes a relaxing game then Euro Truck is a great buy!"
,Recommended,227300,7860003,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,The Pistol Peppermint,(y) :D
,Recommended,227300,10592107,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Xarcert,Waiting at red light simulator. 10/10
76561197991716304,Recommended,227300,10265022,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Killswitch Engage 4life,this game is awsome
,Recommended,227300,11564577,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,✪ moon,Its the best simulator ever and its completly worth the money!
,Recommended,227300,11523005,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Legendary™,It's really nice game.
,Recommended,227300,7260852,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,LORDofSATAN,best truck sim ever.
76561198045042855,Recommended,227300,11601742,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,LAW,perfect simulator
,Recommended,227300,11652065,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,iLHarris,"Amazing, Good game for when you're really bored with nothing left to do. It's also good with a stearing wheel!"
76561198105291637,Recommended,227300,9657543,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,DatGoonerNathan,"Amazing game, very realistic driving just don't get to addicted."
76561198047063612,Recommended,227300,10670377,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mika,"Great game, if you like the genre...Great graphics, and more important, realistic physics. Also the game gets frequent updates with bug fixes, and new features...there are also free dlcs. One of the best features is the possibillity to add custom mods, so you can customize the game to your liking."
76561198072845525,Recommended,227300,10675444,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,EikaS217,"Great graphic, realistic sounds of trucks, totally amazing! I can't imagine better truck simulator than this one."
76561197984471030,Recommended,227300,10703648,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jaws,Nice relaxing sim that you can waste many an hour playing!! Definatly worth it even when its not on sale!
,Recommended,227300,10666613,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hafnium,"For some inexplicable reason, this game is incredible compelling."
,Recommended,227300,10675633,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,artist formerly known as satan,Drive around and crash expensive vehicles while Joe Rogan babbles on for two hours.
76561198103634641,Recommended,227300,10912561,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CarvalhoRT,"Very good, but with stupid artificial intelligence the other vehicles..."
76561198018633114,Recommended,227300,10410485,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Diablo92,"Great simulation, it gives a very close feeling if not near to real life. The graphics look outstanding. It gives a radio station from all sorts of different countries witch makes it just that much better. The repair/upgrade shop is nice. You are able to hire multiple workers and then put them each at different garages witch cost pretty expensive i think @ 300,000 but still worth it.Now for the bad stuff. You're just some truck driver that goes around picking up loads to haul and then drop them off, you get paid and repeat. Is no other way of making money or anything else to do besides driving around hauling goods. The map is huge however there is some roads that are blocked due to no more map, why is this i wonder, why not add the rest and finish it? Is flat nose trucks the only available ones from the devs? There's mods that give trucks with noses but these mods were created customly from mod creators, not the devs themselves. Nearly every town I go to, to deliver goods, it's the samething everytime, just different layouts of the towns but using the same materials. The AI's make me wanna pull my hair out alot of times for the stupid stuff they do while on the road near me.I have more bad then good however I still would recommend it, just no more than atleast 8 american dollars. I give 7/10 at best"
,Recommended,227300,10780763,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Salty & Spicy,"Excellent game, you can get lost for hours in the sim.. perfect no.. the AI still stinks.. though improvements are coming.. at least they state that.. customization and mods galore! go for it.. get it before the summer sale ends!"
,Recommended,227300,10650197,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,7he de5troy3r,One of the best games ive ever playedmy not seem fun but it is extremly fun
,Recommended,227300,10650638,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Prince Najeed,cool
,Recommended,227300,2357883,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,Lambda,Coming home and opening a beer and playing this better than having a posh wank... Honest.
,Recommended,227300,12313910,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Anttoni,Its cool.
76561198061048721,Recommended,227300,10584759,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Chunky ChibChib,"If God has steam, he would own this game."
,Recommended,227300,8006726,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Stormfox,"Relaxing, fun and regularly updated by the developers including new content"
,Recommended,227300,288267,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Funkstar✰Deluxe,The best thing since sex.
,Recommended,227300,9170493,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,[MG]Dimi,This is a must have game. Worth every cent.
,Recommended,227300,8886326,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,swegnonja,"awesome, really good fun and the graphics are excellent. go buy it now"
,Recommended,227300,9887955,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,T-roy,ITS TRUCKIN OR ITS NOTHING
76561198031824024,Recommended,227300,8755217,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,HEAVY,I love this game because it is so open and realistic with lots of jobs on offer.
76561198042087132,Recommended,227300,9931411,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Fish,"This game reminds me of my adulthood, the games dynamics are superior to most games on the trucking market and in my opinion it is on par, graphically, with Crysis 3. The game is full of trucking fun, I had a driver called Billy, he was a nice man, ya' know, worked for his family, by god did he work, it turns out his son had some kind of rare head condition called jonjo syndrome or something along those lines. Anyway, I would recommend this game to anyone who is prepared to spend hours of fun driving from the depths of the Scottish highlands, down to western Edinburgh. Some times I get so excited I forget its actually a game, I almost engross myself completely, my 69.57 year old father calls me autistic, I believe that he is jealous that i have spent a constructive 35 years of my life mastering games and becoming the ultimate gaming god. I rate this game a wheel 10/truck, ha sometimes I dribble me' knickers."
76561198118065221,Recommended,227300,9944493,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Funniestshelf3,"pretty good game nice physics but could be better, i reccomed modding it"
,Recommended,227300,9895165,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Koseir,This is a true simulator. Wordless !!!
,Recommended,227300,10460529,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Xhenthius,Wish we can pick up hitchhikers!
,Recommended,227300,10852140,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Duck__,I drove down the highway at 151 km/h towing 21 tonnes of peas and didnt get booked. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,10864924,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bugs,"Racing over the streets while you pimp out your ride and try to deliver your payload on time. Add extra lights to your truck like a real bawler, customize your paintjob and finish it off with sick rimms. Build an empire of trucks and conquer the whole transport business in this game. If you liked need for speed underground and (since you are a gangster you did), then this game is all you need."
,Recommended,227300,10777815,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Shirawtel,This's absulute awesome similation driving game.
,Recommended,227300,11409712,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,TorKger,"This game is weirdly addictive. Even though it's just about driving around in a truck, delivering goods and upgrading your company. Earn money, spend it on your truck, earn more money, spend it on another garage, earn more money, spend it on another truck and so on and so forth. But somehow just driving around and looking at the landscape is just relaxing and ... fun."
,Recommended,227300,10937230,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Squidworth™,Drove a truck for a bitStarted rainingCrashed it a lotWent broke10/10
,Recommended,227300,10460698,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Lauron,"You take cargo from one place to another in a downscaled but really well detailed Europe, and you get to pimp your truck while at it?What can I say... I ship it! ... I am also a horrible man."
76561197999660991,Recommended,227300,8302142,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Moody Edd,Art
,Recommended,227300,13488429,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TheFluffyKoala,way better then euro truck simulator 1 because you can put your head out of the window 10/10
76561198083484031,Recommended,227300,25100928,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,chazz0715,"It's a nice game just dont expect anything other then what the title says. Suggest having a gampad, too realistic for keyboard, doing a turn with arrow key at 60 MPH is like the driver forget his meds."
,Recommended,227300,22201637,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,☪ Dragonborn İ.C,"Kesinlikle almalısınız , simülasyon sevenler hele kaçırmasın :D"
,Recommended,227300,25207247,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,*0perateR'1,Best trucking simulator EVER!!!
,Recommended,227300,8414196,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[BOREDOM],"My friend Tommy has watched me play Euro Truck Simulator for like 2 hours now.My job was to deliver apples for 300 Euros within the same cityI was in Bremen, North GermanyI ended up in London.With 11000 Euros in debtMy Employer had to pay 200000 euros in repairs of his personal truck.Best game."
,Recommended,227300,25231407,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Jellekeee,Still love this game after playing it for 2 years now ;D
,Recommended,227300,20606227,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Versez K,The AI needs to be more smarter
,Recommended,227300,20155301,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Pingu,"Getting a little boring? No problem!! Go to options and uncheck ""Speed Limiter"". Have fun!"
,Recommended,227300,30850108,Posted: 31 March,all,beqa,"Incredibly addicting and Very relaxing, Would recommend! :D"
76561198236103660,Recommended,227300,30885753,Posted: 1 April,all,Cashcaval,good
,Recommended,227300,14909893,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,oo wee,trucking simulator in europe
,Recommended,227300,12954851,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ToxicGunslingeGaming,Pros:1.Realistic Gameplay2.Real life Worries about money3.this is sooo goodCons:Dosent run very good on my Laptop but still Playable.Please Buy This Game!
,Recommended,227300,16761202,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Mossarelli,"The developers of this game works with quality and it shows. There's never a let down and all the DLCs are fancy truck textures for a good price.On the Internet, the game is called Comfy Simulator and it is. Activating the cruise control, listening to your favorite European radio channel while meeting traffic heads on while raining sets a certain mood. And if you want mods, there's multiple websites out there that hosts different realism mods and sound mods.The game really shines with the new Multiplayer Mod that has been in development for a year. However, there's no AI traffic and players tend to suck at driving. Also when players' computers lag and load an area, the truck will immediately freeze in the middle of the road so you need to keep large distances to the truck in front.Play this game with an Xbox 360 controller or wheel and pedals. Keyboard trucking is a tedious and immersion breaking gamestyle that will have you tap WASD when taking turns for hours."
,Recommended,227300,19570334,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,BinksiLamp,Good game !!! If you like to drive trucks around the eu this game is for you
,Recommended,227300,9638266,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,zivyterc,"ETS2 is still the best truck-driving sim for me. At first the idea of driving a truck for fun sounds ridiculous but trust me, you'll like it :) Try it with some mods to spice up the graphics and a decent steering wheel and you'll spend driving for hours on end without noticing it."
,Recommended,227300,20240295,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Excesiiv™,I have truck blood in my veins.My life is truck.... in your working life and in your living it's always trucks.I dream of trucks.When we are going to drive in your heart and in your mind you feel.... that you are going to export the goods and you are not going to see it anymore.That hurts.The family thinks always from morning to evening about the trucks.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiqqC_fbP1c
76561198028945747,Recommended,227300,30925443,Posted: 3 April,all,CrazyDan,I've put around 77hrs so far into this game casually playing.. and I have to say it's a really nice game to chill and relax with. Playing your own music or listening to the ingame radio.. or even watching a movie/tv show. The game is also has a large support for other devices such as steering wheels.. I currently use the G29 and the gearstick addon and it works great. Would also recommend buying the 18 gearstick from CSIO to add that extra realism to the game. You can also use the famous TrackIR system for even more realism.The game is highly moddable as well having a large amount of content on the Steam Workshop or the modding sites online. I'd highly recommend putting a few mods into the game makes for a massive difference. Adding more trucks to play with customization is also great fun.TLDR;Totally would recommend buying the game along with all the main DLCs.
,Recommended,227300,20201461,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Maxine',JUST 5 MORE MINUTES!
,Recommended,227300,24023141,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SeboTheGamer,"Addictive and has hours of fun playtime, has also loads of awesome mods from the Steam workshop that you can download."
,Recommended,227300,2683755,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Hericsson,Ótimo simulador! Bons graficos e jogabilidade. Tem um ótimo sistema de gestão para a empresa também.
,Recommended,227300,7617751,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,[黑烏]BlackRaven,If you want to enjoy a little trip to Europe will be recommended. ^^
,Recommended,227300,18004682,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,WhiteWolf,its not driving its TRUCKİNG.
,Recommended,227300,19501607,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,koenmtb1,Great game to just sit back and relax...
,Recommended,227300,13236766,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Peter Simmons,Best truck sim!
,Recommended,227300,9766501,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,HOWITZER,"Got to be one of the best driving simulators out there.I highly recommend this to anyone that loves heavy vehicles and has a passion for using a wheel. preferably one of the Logitech brands. I myself use a G25 and it has to be one of the best experiences so far, apart from TDU and GTR.The game world may be severely reduced in size and the towns/cities are incredably small, but the game more than makes up for the loss.I currently play the game with a few mods that add trailers and heavy loads, Plus TSM which has just been updated to version 4.7 to work with ETS 2, version 1.9xx.I love driving in the north of Africa. What a great addition to the game.The engine sounds for the vehicles are a little dull for my liking, So I use a mod for Straight Pipe V8 Scania, Yeah I know Another Scania fan.. As if there aren't enought as it is haha :)But it has added a whole new level of enjoyment. 1.9 adds new Scania V8 sound, but still not my Cup O' Tea.The New AI are great. not perfect yet, They still cut you up sometimes and get in your war when hauling oversized loads.Meaning you have to go VERY wide and the AI just don't understand to move for your benefit.I have noticed that sometimes they keep their distance to allow you to move across into their lane, but that's only happened a few times, Mostly does not work.If only there were more hills. The game does need more hills. England is full of em. I'm English and they p*** me off lolIt would add more challenge to the game as I have only ever been late for one delivery. Not saying I'd like it harder, but All the roads being generaly level and have a low hill gradient is sometimes boring and makes me desire to push my Truck to it's limits, but hey, The game pushes you to the limits on just 1000km+ jobs :)So worth the time and hasslte to get to your destination on time with a haul like that plus a 75 tonne locomotive, or even two A380 engines heheI don't have many hours on the Steam version, But I'm sure it will rack up as the mods and the community get bigger and better !The game itself gets a clean 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,227300,8936721,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,kushagramahajan1989,"Best Truck Simulator game, just turn on the radio and drive the entire Europe, pretty relaxing game too. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who loves simulation.I would give 9.5/10."
,Recommended,227300,21097017,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,...........,This game is good when I'm bored. Sometimes can be bored by just doing the job.thats all
76561198340701622,Recommended,227300,26418105,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sami151515,This game is awesome and very realistic and also relaxing in the same time.I will give it 9/10.
,Recommended,227300,26320518,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,GameNinja,"I have played this game couple years ago (non-Steam) and I decided to buy the game on Halloween sale and it's nearly perfect! I recommend it to anyone who likes realistic and relaxing games. There is just something that keeps you playing this more and more.ProsConsGood graphicsA little boring if you play too muchRelaxingNo damage physicsNot overpriced-Addicting-Small disk size-Easy to play-Bugs are rare-Will give it 9.5/10, just go and get it if you haven't!"
76561198011198637,Recommended,227300,21102007,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Zarquon,"Bought it for my son & took it out for a test drive, Can't put it down now. Excellent game & easy to lose hours or days playing it."
,Recommended,227300,19806188,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,駅,Calm game (if you dont get the multiplayer mod) :dI Recommend this game
,Recommended,227300,24778724,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,[LL]༺❈Siem❈༻,Really nice game :D
,Recommended,227300,24743285,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Falsernet,"This is an amazingly detailed and realistic game. It also runs well on slow computers. The driving physics is the best I have seen in any game, including racing games. The Steam Community addons download to the downloads folder, though, and do not work straight away in game, but install directly, without, like Minecraft, having to download a mod to use other mods."
76561198057972483,Recommended,227300,18696331,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,DeltaWhiskey,"This is truly one th best simulators out there today. If you want to experience in depth trucking from the comfort of your own home, then this is the simulator for you. In terms of developers ratings, I'd say that the game developers are some of the best I've ever experienced. Constant updates and always staying in touch with game owners. That's soemthing gamers appreciate. Best truck simulator out there, hands down..."
,Recommended,227300,24895936,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Nightmare.,"Amazing simulator, hours of fun. Best experienced with a decent wheel. Free Multiplayer mod to play with friends :D"
,Recommended,227300,24840978,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,kumadysk,belief
,Recommended,227300,15633855,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Luis,The best Truck simulator. That just about sums it up. SCS does everything in their will to make this a great game.
,Recommended,227300,13736027,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,☁Prinsesse J~~,Went around a corner at full speed on the side of a mountain and flipped over.10/10
,Recommended,227300,16948205,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Tr-Sadrazam ☪,"The year is 2045. Still, I'm driving on a lonely road at the midnight. Like all other drivers have been doing for years, I'm thinking why am I enjoying this? Oh that sound of wipers and rain makes me so relaxed."
,Recommended,227300,18691065,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,A10-C,Relaxing game :)
,Recommended,227300,21076605,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Don✪SeeK✪,"nice game, i like this !"
,Recommended,227300,13470313,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,♛ScyThRe/J$\♛™,very nice game
,Recommended,227300,21906970,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Daemonn,One of the best game choices for fun.Pros:+Very good graphics.+It's look so real with some gamepad or steering wheel.+You can't be bored.Cons:-Singleplayer con is you can't crush pedestrian.-Multiplayer con is have lot of trolls.8/10
,Recommended,227300,16739608,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,SqueekrMel0n,"7/10Pros:Great graphics and replayability value.Performance is relatively good.Game has good DLCs which are on sale a lot, so pick them up they are worth it.Cons:Game can get stale, because you encounter the same type of interchange a lot, and there is no unique interchanges.To counter act the staleness you need to buy all 2 DLCs, play them and get Promods mod, which is free and just as good as the DLCs themselves."
76561198137819083,Recommended,227300,22647892,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,SilentWraith,I like this game allot
76561198050890808,Recommended,227300,21063076,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Blacky2131,Great game for chilling and having fun with trucks. It's realistic and great to play.
,Recommended,227300,18684204,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,hks CSOFFER.ME,I dont know what to say... Leaves me without words how awesome this game is...  Definetly recommend it.
,Recommended,227300,15451488,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Sgt. Recker,I drove for about an hour 1/2... then my truck tipped over right before my destination. 9/10
,Recommended,227300,16365777,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,waldo,Really good time killer!
,Recommended,227300,9758261,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Ghost,"The best simulator game I have ever played. Easy to control, but hard to manage (the emotional parts :P). We can't simply crash onto another vehicle on the road since we will be fined some dollars or euros for our action, really emotional part of managing it."
76561198009580057,Recommended,227300,14546071,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,- |UKMD| Wesker,After a long day there is nothing like chilling out to a Radio station (yes you can tune into any online radio station with the option ingame) and just hitting the open road.But it does not stop there as you progress you can design the trucks how you want them and even start your own firm and have a fleet of lorrys with hiring other drivers.Plus being able to reverse your trailer into the parking bay (it reacts the same as real life) is even more satisfying.
,Recommended,227300,24558948,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,chevytime,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227300,21618875,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,hakeruss,Best simulator ever
,Recommended,227300,24543098,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Isaiah Medina,"This game is very fun. I never get bored driving across Europe, looking at the scenery. It seems everytime I drive a road I have driven before I see something new. it is very hard to get bored in this game, with the help of the modding community it will be a while before I get bored."
76561198240268664,Recommended,227300,24562223,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mr.Marshmallow,Is this game needs words to describe ?
76561198028773213,Recommended,227300,8153772,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,wiruz,The best game ever... I really like it.
76561198120888663,Recommended,227300,24627914,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Dehar,"If you looking for driving-like game without gore, blood, and with some great views and tranqulity - come here. Great way to escapse you everyday stress without tickets to Bangkok :-))).p.s. After 10 hours decided to buy Logitech G27 for it (old model, bought slightly used for 3 month with 50% discount, actual is G29 with more buttons). It's possible to play with keyboard and mouse and have a good fun, but with wheel... Mmmmm!!! Just buy it if you can afford and don't forget to search in google for correct settings samples from expirienced players (default is strange, you should create your one from scratch or using some ideas from others).Also I'l like to recommed Scandinavia and Going East DLCs, With them you may google, download and install free RusMap (Some part of Russia and Belarus) and ProMod (several european countries). Together it will give you 2x map size to original.There are tons of other MODs in the net. I may reccomend real traffic mod and real cargo companies mod. Just search for it ;-).p.s. Best engines = Volvo, best handling = Mercedes. ;-)8/10 Graphics good, but I would like to see better one day. Also hope to see more parts, wear & tear for diferent parts of trucks and more realistic collisions damage."
76561198280662491,Recommended,227300,24491239,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,GameHero,Finally a game that my computer can run
76561198276853619,Recommended,227300,24533066,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,TheOrangeDickHead,"BEST SIMULATOR EVER!!!!!!!!!!! but not all games are perfect.the missing things are bugs/durt on the windscreen, tandem trucks, hunger and turst, holes in the road and old trucks"
,Recommended,227300,24480970,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,[NHZ] YorickStap,"Love the game, nothing more to say about it is there?"
,Recommended,227300,24449389,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,| Asian Wolf |,"ETS2 is a game where you can fulfill your characters dreams of owning a trucking business as well as delivering yourself.You start off with a basic tutorial, yadda yadda, choose a place to start in Europe or other places if you have the dlc. Well then afterwards, you're on your own. I am a person who likes big open worlds to drive in without the hectic factor (sometimes). Of course, this isn't everyone's cup of tea or coffee but I must say to the devolopers, Bravo.On a simple rating scale (1 to 10) I must say 9.Amazing game, build your empire, buy this game with the bundle its much cheaper, and have fun.Oh yeah, the civis in this game crash into you and you have to pay for it, as well as the damages, and they don't give a single damn about other people and like to break speed laws."
76561198069001427,Recommended,227300,24497061,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Cilumbia,This game makes me want to become a truck driver in real life.
,Recommended,227300,14792208,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,wobblycaptain,Euro Truck Simulator 2 - I love this game but i like trucks and have experience working with trucks maybe if you dont like trucks then this game may not be for you as it can involve long periods of boring driving as in the real thing but apart from that i love this game.You pick up various loads and take them to there various destinations aroud europe.It features the main truck dealers and cusomization for your trucks.Also there is a company manager side of the game where you can grow and manage your own trucking company.The open driving world is huge and there are plenty of game mods availabe to download to make the game more interesting but you use these at your own risk.So if you like trucking or wish to know what a truck drivers life is like this game will give you a bit of a insight into that life.I have some videos up on my profife and youtube if you wish to see what the game is like :-)Ps it also has great support for wheel users which is a must for a game like this including excellent force feedback on the wheel.And to top it off there is some excellent DLC available for the game including map expansions.
,Recommended,227300,20239446,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tenorio94,Ever wanted to drive a truck without actually leaving your family and friends for weeks? Well this isn't the game for you.10/10 Would lose outside world contact10/10 Would recommend
,Recommended,227300,24653475,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,(NOR) AndRos Farmskins.com,fun
,Recommended,227300,24057595,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Snobben,fun game when nothing else to do
,Recommended,227300,11227668,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Onion Enthusiast,I was pleasantly surprised to find how much I have enjoyed this game. I would say it is in my top 5 favorite games. There is a great variety of different trucks and customization options for each. The graphics are great and the map is quite nice. There are many different skill upgrades as well that you can unlock. The game is very relaxing and is overall a very enjoyable experience each time I play it. Keep up the good work guys.
,Recommended,227300,24039137,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ARPessoa,UK drives on the wrong side of the road.Drivers are bad.Very Immersive and Realistic.10/10 ^^
76561198042504705,Recommended,227300,24068604,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,INNOCENT,"Very good game, interesting to play on and offline. But avoid going to Europoort in multiplayer...Lol bunch of idiots hangs around there :P"
76561198158360183,Recommended,227300,24001302,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Silvas_Sensejs,Good Game
,Recommended,227300,24007725,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,I'll have two number 9's,This is the greatest simulation game so far!
,Recommended,227300,24109451,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dinosaur Hentai-iwnl-,"People like me who bought the deluxe bundle should receive future released DLC for free.We paid a lot for everything in the game.Please do that in the next one as it makes us happy for paying for all the stuff inside the deluxe bundle.The game however is very fun,many customization options and mods to play with."
,Recommended,227300,24111510,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,StonHose,Good Game Simulation :D
,Recommended,227300,23861396,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,PTBR ™Filipe Nascimento,"Esse é um dos melhores se não o melhor jogos de Simulador de Caminhão. Recomendo a todos os amantes de Caminhões, um jogo perfeito, com excelente jogabilidade, gráficos realistas. Bom Demais"
,Recommended,227300,24138310,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ron,"May looks a bit boring on first sight, but its really enjoyable. Once you turn the radio on you'll keep driving."
76561198155026285,Recommended,227300,24224389,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,whiskeyfoxtrot80,"Enjoyable game.Realistic to a point.As a former trucker in the states, this game actually made me kind of miss driving.I would like to see a few things in the game.- Inspection points/Border Crossing checkpoints- DOT officers persuits for violationsI'm sure I'll think of more later."
,Recommended,227300,15435602,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Puuf,"An interesting, fun and extensive game.Never gets boring! Great for people that love playing simulators as it closely mirrors the actual every-day life of a truck driver. Get jobs, deliver loads, manage your trucking company and even more! Endless possibilities and amounts of fun."
,Recommended,227300,24209887,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Shadowz,"Love this game. It's so relaxing, and honestly peaceful to play. If you want to lose hours upon playing a video game, then this is a game for those that love the idea of operating a trucking company."
76561198099342428,Recommended,227300,24216686,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,RudiXXX,Neat
,Recommended,227300,20035731,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,H.P.L™ CEO | iMYRES™,Amazing game  would recomened to everyone
76561198131926054,Recommended,227300,22277049,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Xeinar dies a lot - ITA,"8/10Most relaxing game ever. And wow, the landscapes... make sure you play it with the RusMap+TSM mods installed, you'll get enless roads to roam on."
,Recommended,227300,30388466,Posted: 8 March,all,[ETS2MPI] Ahmad Bismania YK,good
,Recommended,227300,24037345,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Indy,Great Game for playing with steering wheel.
,Recommended,227300,14482170,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Masterblakie,Great game for those who have a lot of time to burn
,Recommended,227300,24042036,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,☣ Skyler | NaCl #NoControl,"This game is very relaxing but have a lot bad things, like: 1. Stupid Al. 2. Need a lot time to play normaly. 3. Multiplayer full of toxic players. 4. Have a lot bugs in mp.But this game is still good."
,Recommended,227300,24023318,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,panbun29,Mantab abisss
,Recommended,227300,11110041,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,TreesEnt420,"What can i say, its a truck simulator, if thats not good then i dont know what is."
,Recommended,227300,17954122,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,[VNS] Michael Jay,"10/10 The Best Simulator Game, That all I want to say ;), Thank you SCS Software <3"
,Recommended,227300,30817949,Posted: 29 March,all,ProGamer542,Best Game Work work work work work work and work buy a Truck work work work upgrade it and WORK WORK WORK!
76561198049322078,Recommended,227300,16978329,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Nasty Power Ranger,"Very realistic, lots of trucks"
76561198047769986,Recommended,227300,16972581,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Omeneon,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 (or ETS2 as I'll be refering it as) is one of the best simulators available to date in my opinion. Most simulators are games that allow you to only achieve or do one specific set of actions then just continuously repeat them. ETS2 has so much more depth than a normal simulator would normally have by allowing the player to not only drive around freely when not completing orders, but allows the player to start their own company and slowly expand and grow an empire in the trucking industry. This simulator also allows you to drive all accross Europe (islandic and continental) just at a smaller scale with diverging routes rather than just making you stick to a single road for exceedingly long periods of time. The graphics that this game has also shatters that of most simulators by not only displaying damage done to the vehicle, but by showing the effects of rain upon the truck and road (the rain also causes the road to become more slippery if you so wish adding to the realism) as well as allowing you to customize not only your own truck with different appearance and performance changes, but allows you to do so with every single truck in your company. If I was to rate this game for specific characteristics, graphics: 9/10, gameplay: 10/10, replayability: 10/10. In the end, ETS2 is a must have for any simulator enthusiast, people who simply enjoy a nice calming drive around the city or country (such as myself), or people who like seeing their creations grow from something small to an expansive empire (aka Monopoly enthusiasts)"
,Recommended,227300,21486720,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Binary Blood,"First, get hired as a truck driver for companies and make enough money to buy your own truck. Haul loads with your own truck and then buy/upgrade garage(s). Fill garage(s) with trucks and hire staff to drive and make money, for you are your own boss now. Mod the game as  you see fit =D."
76561198078718590,Recommended,227300,25373047,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Mr.Redrum,an amazing game but sadly no WELSH PAINT PACKS :(
,Recommended,227300,19280097,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Cat(amaine)y,"I don't know where to start in this game. So, I kinda bought it as a joke a while back, but it's spun out of control. Everyday when I look at my steam games I think,""What should I play?""And everyday I find myself playing Euro Truck Simulator. I don't know why. I have no interest in actual trucks, or any vehicles for that matter. I CAN'T EVEN DRIVE. But everyday, it's this freaking game. It's gotten to the point where I almost exclusively listen to their radio station. I can't help it. As I post this, I have 47 hours in this game. That, according to Steam, is the most hours I've spent on ANY COMPUTER GAME. IT'S A FREAKING TRUCK DRIVING SIMULATOR. WHAT THE HELLI'm part of a VTC now. Do you know what that means? VTC = Virtual Trucking Company. That's right - I now have a virtual job, where I am a virtual truck driver, where I earn virtual money. Shoutout to Stobart Trucking by the way, best VTC every.Oh god.You know, this game is so great, it even has it's own Teamspeak server. For the longest time I would tell myself,""Amaine, you don't need that kind of communication in your life.""But I do need it.The moment I put in my headphones and turned on my mic, I knew I was home. As I heard the angry, European truck drivers scream profanities at eachother, I finally felt at peace. Now, it's weird NOT to go on the server when I play. It's almost like real life trucking. Except I wouldn't know what that's like, because I can't drive.All in all, if you like trucking, or heck, if you DON'T like trucking, you should get this game. It'll change your life. For the better. I think. I'm actually not sure if this game has made me a better person at all. Like, I don't think I've learned anything deep and meaningful from it. But I have a debatably fun time playing it. So buy this game if you have some spare change lying around. Which, if you're like me, you don't. Cause you don't have a job. Cause you can't drive.P.S: if you do get this game, choose a Volvo or a Scania as your starting truck. IMO they're the most well-rounded and the best."
76561198287440696,Recommended,227300,25372132,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,DIMI7R0V,The best ♥♥♥♥ing game in the world!!
76561198033588941,Recommended,227300,17611780,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,MajorRichardSharpe,"A two-lane highway passes a small town no one cares about. Let's make one lane go on and the other enter the town.Unrealistic highway exit simulator 2013As a german frequently driving from north to south and back, I rate this an A out of 7"
,Recommended,227300,13565688,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Babatundi,"Quite possibly the best simulator, in the world."
76561198251424542,Recommended,227300,18781572,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,orangemen1x1,buy if you like trucking its wath it
,Recommended,227300,791594,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,[RIP]BoyEater,The best music player.
,Recommended,227300,15249718,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DZ-24,Realistic truck driving simulator game..it more realistic if play with Steer Wheel Control xD
76561198061374303,Recommended,227300,6214363,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Demon41199,This is the most realistic and addictive game i have ever seen... its awesome :D
,Recommended,227300,13461648,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,bigrigg47,"Thought I would hate it, absolutely loved it. 11/12"
,Recommended,227300,10960206,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ed Miliband,yes
76561198174650173,Recommended,227300,31216971,Posted: 18 April,all,บีบเข้าไป,It is a very fun simulator game
,Recommended,227300,31210768,Posted: 17 April,all,Communist Polandball,best game EVER
,Recommended,227300,11153432,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,djjorno54,"Awesome game and now that the alpha multiplayer is out, it is awesome!  10/10"
,Recommended,227300,31209853,Posted: 17 April,all,cbTr,Relaxing game... stunning graphics and controls !
,Recommended,227300,839861,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,Monsignor,The best truck simulator on the market right now. Could be better though...
76561197983666700,Recommended,227300,17002738,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,JonFreemanGordonFreemansBro,"Though I am (slightly) ashamed to admit it, this is not the first long haul trucking simulator I have played, but I can say that it is the best.  Hands down.  Seriously.As a game, well... you drive trucks.  You pick up a load at point A, and deliver it to point B, and get paid.  Buy upgrades, more trucks, hire drivers to drive said trucks, and watch you in game bank account grow in leaps and bounds while your actual bank account sits in the red because you lost your job for laying out of work to play this.  Butt eye die grass.This is the first trucking sim I have played since I was nine that features licensed rigs, all of which are fully customizable with ACTUAL PARTS!  I nearly sh*t a 23k gold brick when I saw that my Iveco could be outfitted with a ZF transmission!   SCS gets major points for that.  I'll also say that this game looks stunning, in comparison to other truck driving sims that exist, which makes travelling across europe with a van full of empty pallets much more palletable.  Additionally, there's a radio feature that allows you to stream numerous internet radio stations as you play.  A small thing, but this game is made up of several small details that coalesced into an entire entity, and ruined my life.You may have never considered buying a game like this in your life, but this game is worth the life you'll waste on it.  Tennouttaten.  Buy this."
,Recommended,227300,20160181,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,WHY ... $o $€r!ou$ !!!!™,If u like simulation game this the the best game to buy ..Its not just a game u can build whole empiror of million dollor ....Worth of money u pay for this game .....
,Recommended,227300,29555928,Posted: 28 January,all,eL Bocho™,"One of the bests simulator's games. Constantly updated, you never get bored!"
,Recommended,227300,11899328,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Mudslinger Ning,"The title of the game may suggest a boring experience - but if you like driving and occasional traffic obstacle challenges then this thing is awesome.Also it kind of feels theraputic to tune out from everything else with some good music pumping while cruising a virtual truck along the highways.The visual effects of open highway driving has a good feel of realism - the rain effects, the weight of the cargo, environment haze and light/sunlight glare among many other little details. The traffic could do with some additional things like including motorbike, cyclist and pedestrian traffic elements.Tip: don't try to mount the divider on the off-ramps - the result is not pleasant."
,Recommended,227300,12122823,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,itsinina11,"Fairly addictive, bit repetitive though."
,Recommended,227300,7808874,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Sergal,Best Game to play by yourself NA EU
76561197991491124,Recommended,227300,8596687,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,^ ^1👌Frannek04™,Macht Richtig Laune !!!
76561197982187481,Recommended,227300,11344776,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Flednel,..Not for everyone. Was better then I expected.
,Recommended,227300,11323865,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,leandrolnh,"Entertaining and fun, long hours of hauling across the european continent."
76561197995553176,Recommended,227300,10833111,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Marty McFly,"I hadn't played a Sim game since Flight Sim '95. Oh boy, what a change.I played the trial of Euro Truck Sim. 2 and was hooked by the end of it. This game has a great, relaxing feel to it. Good for casual play. But if you wan't to get into it then there's loads under the surface.Start off in borrowed rigs, earning your first measly pay cheques and trying to make ends meet. After a few runs you're able to run bigger and better cargo with much higher rewards! Start your own Haulage firm, buy your very own Truck, employ truckers to do haulage runs for your company. That's just a few of the things i've done in the first 10hrs of play time.Enjoy europe and it's highways and byways from the comfort of your cab."
,Recommended,227300,10794608,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kieran,This game made me put on a vest top and beat my wife to death.
,Recommended,227300,2742567,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,Jon.../,Best trucking game out there!
,Recommended,227300,10901140,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bob_da_builder,great game
,Recommended,227300,11112912,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Kevin Bacon's Bacon,Why is this fun? The world may never know
76561198066643712,Recommended,227300,11157553,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Maurice,"Very nice game, I recommand it! If I'll buy a new video card, ETS 2 is in top of the list with games I wanna re-play."
,Recommended,227300,11303286,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Th3BeardedGuy,nice game
,Recommended,227300,10634229,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,M2D,Awesome games for great price!
,Recommended,227300,10580101,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Scotch Tape,"I bought this on a whim and I fell in love with it. You cruise around Europe and deliver things. Other car AI is very good, unlike GTA IV. If you drive like how you are supposed to, then the other cars will react like a real driver would. The radio station feature is neat. You can either load your own songs into the game or listen to live broadcasts streaming from Europe. Anyways this game is great 10/10."
,Recommended,227300,29192654,Posted: 11 January,all,Lovecraftian,One of the best games on Steam to play while listening to radio pods. Very relaxing.
,Recommended,227300,13627389,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Full Frontal (シャア),"This game might seem boring at first, but it get's highly addictive and it's really fun. There's something about hulling cargo accross Europe and making money and your company grow that's addictive. And if using the keyboard get's boreing after a while, then invest in a good wheel (like the G27) and go on and drive and shift gears like the mad trucker you are!!!"
76561198058506274,Recommended,227300,12276772,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,sni,"Great game especially with Logitech G27 wheel, 900° steering angle and H pattern shifter."
76561198007132490,Recommended,227300,12278102,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Meridium,"Oh yeah!My setup includes:> Oculus Rift DK1 (0.4 firmware suport needed)> Wheel + pedal controllerPros:+ Driving on the left side in UK+ Internet radio ingame or your own music playlist.+ Full gear configuration (Simple auto or complete with clutch pedal)+ Weather and day/night cycleCons:- Many destinations left out (Spain, Portugal, South Italy, Greece)- Paint jobs are not really worth it if you only use the driver seat camera.- Current speed limit would be nice on the GPS hud (I get lots of tickets)Overall: 9/10"
76561198157596153,Recommended,227300,16631030,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MobiusLeingod,"I love this game. If you had told me when I bought it that this would be the most played game on my steam library, I would have said you were crazy. I just find it so relaxing to drive around while I listen to podcasts. It's almost therapeutic.As far as gameplay goes, the controls are tight and intuitive, but it does take some getting used to, graphics are great and it looks beautiful at 60fps.My only wish is that it included more of Europe, but I'm wondering if there will be more DLC beyond Going East and Scandinavia.Overall, a great game!"
76561198069788546,Recommended,227300,18438488,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Stravonski,"I find this game quite relaxing.  The roads are not really how they are in real Europe (I lived in Germany), but this presents all of the great things about driving a rig and none of the bad things.  I often wondered what it would be like driving OTR for a living and this gives a glimpse of that life.  If  you like big rigs, I highly recommend this.  If you think this is demolition derby on the semi scale, this isn't for you."
,Recommended,227300,17463976,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,V3NOM,"Sit, relax and drive nicely in one of the best supported games of all time! Seriously, not a single game in my entire gaming experience (since I am 7) has been this supported by the developers.Nice content, nice updates, nice DLC's that actually are worth the price and well... if you like trucking and want to chill out having a fun time, buy this game."
76561198037396227,Recommended,227300,23653328,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Rob,"My name is Rob,I have become a trucking addict, and the drivers in Euro Truck Sim2 actually try to go out of their way to overtake, cut you off and perform dangerous and stupid maneovoures, just like in real life driving too, also the radio in-game is fantastic as well as the additional mp client mode,- fantastic game 10/10 would crash into a barrier and damage my sulfuric acid and corrosive load onto the road again."
,Recommended,227300,16164782,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Teh_nO0biest_no0b,"What an amazing game! The publisher is so vry nice in updating their product,  and purchasing the new 18 USD Scandinavia DLC is worth every penny, because it gives the game a whole new experience.This devolper has been consistent on the realism of the product, and I can't wait to see what this company brings in the future.15/10!"
,Recommended,227300,10712817,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Filippo,"Not a very large variety in its gameplay, but turns out to be pretty addictive. Definitely worth its summer sale price!"
76561197974127850,Recommended,227300,13484112,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Lexe,"Picked it up because it was so cheap and was wondering why everyone liked it.Thought i wouldn't finish the first trip but now I've been from Brussels all the way to Cardiff and back. Already hired the first employee (although he's gonna get sacked for a better slave soon).Amazing how well the lighting is done for night driving. Pretty much spot compared with real night driving. Once the cars pass you you can see their headlights disappear in the distance. Weather effects are well done too.It's a little sad that you get a penalty for when a terrible driver drives into your trunk. You should be receiving compensation instead really.  Also I've noticed that oncoming traffic stops sometimes to let you cross on a busy main road. In real life only people who don't know how to drive do that. The price you pay if you crash into a car is too low and the speeding tickets are too high.  Also needs more traffic, lots more. Other than that it's a relaxing game and it's very hard to do everything right from start to finish. The next Eurotruck game should have more interaction with other drivers, and maybe police. I honked and flashed my lights at some old woman but she didn't budge, check the YouTube link below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8DHbPk23kM&feature=youtu.be"
76561198062568196,Recommended,227300,16164391,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,FHG-edde,"This game gives you the possibility to go to Europe and drive there, without leaving your set!!Get this game!"
76561197975465995,Recommended,227300,16153963,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,BlackSpanner,"Not sure why this game is fun, but it is!   there's enough of background play (build your empire) to keep me coming back whilst the driving of trucks is just cool for some reason.I do wish there was more reality and consequence though - eg, I turned off my speed limiter and with a decent truck (475KW) I can run fully loaded at like 80mph/130kmh and whilst I get $400 fines for speeding, I'm making 17k or omore of the trip so dropping 1200 or so on a couple of fines means nothing compared to the time saved in the trip."
,Recommended,227300,28344749,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Quester,"Best game ever> Start a transport businness in Rotterdam> Accept a delivery to Cambridge, what could go wrong?> Oh look, a roundabout.> Wait there's something terribly wrong, everybody is driving to the opposite side of the road> Enter panic mode> Seven fines and 15% damage to the vechicle> Finally reached destination> Damned brits! *Raises fist to the air*10/10 would drive to uk again."
76561198009398717,Recommended,227300,2569474,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,AngelSlayer,"BEST Car / truck simulator to date.Great scenery and huge 'world' just like real thing.For example , Some delivaries will takes more than 2 hours in real life per session , that's one of the example of the realism in this game haha , the roads - highway system are well - made afterall.I've been to Europe in late 2012 , when I played this game it was like I have been there again and again and any time that I wanted , the scenary is so real guys , it's not a game it's a damn vacation :D8.4 / 10"
76561197995233612,Recommended,227300,23036997,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Nekron @ HotS,"where the ♥♥♥♥ live all these people driving on the roads??? the ""citys"" are small as ♥♥♥♥ ^^"
,Recommended,227300,8210844,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Martin,"It's a simulator, yes, but it is actually FUN. Nice graphics with detailed truck cabins and exteriors. The environment is detailed too, although some variety would be welcome (snow, in some locations, for example). Perhaps this is something that the developers could introduce at a later stage. However the shadows and reflections in your cabin as you drive along really do look great.As you level up you are can choose new abilities - most of these enable you to choose more profitable hauls (hazmat, fragile, etc). The option is there to take out a loan with a bank, to assist in purchasing more trucks and garages if you feel the need to expand.Controls are smooth, I highly recommend using a controller, as with any driving game. You can assign functions to buttons as you prefer.Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a beautifully executed game that you could spend many hours on. Well worth the money spent, in my opinion."
,Recommended,227300,10703072,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Wyatt,"IsEuro Truck Simulator 2™worth your time and money?Euro Truck SImulator 2™ is a very addicting, very relaxing game. The graphics are very easy on the eyes, and very nice, too. Especially for a game set around driving Trucks. The drives can belong(Some as much astwohours real-time) which for some may be a turn-off, but for others like myself, it is an enjoyable experience. The developers made it very easy to set up in-game Radio Streaming, so you may listen to your favorite Internet Radios while you drive. I find this a great way to both play a game, and be immersed with real music and real news in real-time.The physics in this game are very good, and at no point do you feel you're too heavy, or too light. The developers did a very good job giving representation of these Trucks the utmost authenticity. Given the option for many camera angles, you'll never feel discomfort or motion sickness driving. From a behind-the-steering-wheel view, to a front bumper view, to a top of the Truck view, you're not limited to what you can and can't see.Performance wise, this game puts my machine to the test, without being demanding or straining. For what it looks like, the game runs very well. Especially the shiny wet roads down the busy highway. Seeing the lights from fellow Trucks bounce off the puddles is very enjoyable - and immersive, too.For any Truck, Simulation, or Driving enthusiast, I give this game Two Thumbs Up. For those will little free time, I would stray away from it, as it will take your time to accomplish these drives."
76561198087253959,Recommended,227300,10821210,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CLR,This is a good game if you love trucks.
76561198067266660,Recommended,227300,11152653,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,THE  KNACKWORST ROCKITURRRD,this game is pretty cool.
,Recommended,227300,10841021,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,DJSTINO,is goeie♥♥♥♥♥♥jonguh
,Recommended,227300,10816325,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,jaycraft21,"I really enjoy this game, have been waiting for it to become available in a steam sale for some time.The graphics are great and the physics are realistic, driving controls and view angles are a little hard to get the hang of to start with as are things like trailer reversing, perhaps adding a tutorial or licence stage to the game would be great but otherwise a nice game to play and lose yourself in for a good few hours at a time."
,Recommended,227300,10712857,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Logos,"This game just took all my weekend away, making deliveries while listening to radio Dresden and enjoying the scenery is simply the best."
76561198062790752,Recommended,227300,10913245,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,tyrve,It is really addictive game but multiplayer and Turkey map should also be built into it.
,Recommended,227300,8123411,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,RobDaVinci,Play this game if you yearn to experience the thrilling life of a truck driver. Srsly.
76561197971765872,Recommended,227300,10893332,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SAura,"Excellent game 9,5/10+ Addictive content.+ Great graphics and physics engine.+ Stable.+ Lovely developer with good quality standards and understanding of the community.+ Brilliant modding community with plenty of _free_ maps, trucks and trailers plus more. Even multiplayer mod available.+ Good DLC with bang for the buck. Even the base game has been getting new junk over the years for free.- Only real negative side is the damage modelling which actually is non existant. When you hit something you get percent damage to either trailer or to your truck, but the damage is not visible. Your truck has several systems what can take damage, but in the end they really seem to end up causing only engine failures if going too high w/o repairs. Perhaps this is something they will focus on in the future."
,Recommended,227300,1660907,"Posted: 11 February, 2013",all,3000,RIGHT WELL IT STARTS AFF WHEREVER YE WANTY BE (I ALWAYS START IN GLESGAE CAUSE WE'VE GOT THE FALKIRK WHEEL AND THE FINNISON CRANE ♥♥♥♥♥) AND THEN YE DELIVER SALT AND WOOD AND STUFF TO PLACES LIKE ABERDEEN AND GOWKY. YOUR CHARACTERS MIND IS ALWAYS FILLED WITH THOUGHTS OF REGRET OF THE PAST AND HES TRYING TO ESCAPE IT BY THE DRIVING. ♥♥♥♥ YOU HE JUST WANTS TO BE HAPPY AGAIN SO HE DRIVERS THE CAR VAN AND THEN THATS IT. 10 / 10
,Recommended,227300,10694145,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,nutterz13,excekent game for killing time.
,Recommended,227300,10878397,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sibrilliant,If you had a long day at work or you're looking to relax from deathmatch this is a game to play.
76561198072050749,Recommended,227300,10727173,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,alex_ap,Very good game!
76561198120310507,Recommended,227300,9966427,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,CaptainSnail,Its a very fun game and has some challenges for you to face. The graphics looks very good and the trucks look very nice and have cool interiors. I also like the customization that you could do with your trucks.
,Recommended,227300,13520021,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,wasabinator,I just delivered frieght from London to Dover and had more fun doing that than I feel I deserved to!  Works very well on the Oculus Rift DK2 including full menu support.
76561198067325512,Recommended,227300,9955564,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Mr_Matt,Very fun and addicting.  Great if you like trucks.
,Recommended,227300,7965181,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,MR. RAZORPUSSY,"If you're anything like me, you probably don't see a truck simulator being anywhere near your idea of a good time. But after spending some time with the game, I've found it to be incredibly addicting. There really is just nothing like grabbing a drink and sitting down on some open road in the comfort of your own home.The game's mechanics are engaging, its tasks rewarding, and depth astounding. While the game does offer advanced settings and various ways to tweak realism, it also accomidates players that just want to have a good time without having to learn how to back a truck into a narrow alleyway. From managing your business to managing to avoid crashing in to other vehicles while braking with an 18-ton trailer hitched to your a**, Euro Truck Simulator shows even the more casual player a damn good time."
,Recommended,227300,12168845,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Logic,Its a very entertaining game!
76561198092663215,Recommended,227300,27983993,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BaByStrikeR,Very Relaxing!!! Pretty Cool game.
76561198133050643,Recommended,227300,12168314,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,[Toll Holdings] FUNNYFUKR891,the most played game in my list you would be a fool not to get it
76561198066817536,Recommended,227300,13660908,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Helixx,"I find it amusing to see so many people saying they are surprised at how enjoyable this game is.It was the same reaction I had in the 80s when I played Truckin' on the Intellivision, or Payload for the MSX system for the first time. Of course, they are ancient games, but the concept is essentially the same.So don't think there's something ""wrong"" with you for enjoying such games.The fact is that trucking simulation has big entertainment potential, and I am glad to see it being explored on the Euro Truck Simulator series. This is a solid game.Plus, I went to Germany for the first time a few months ago, and while there, as I was riding with someone else I couldn't help but look around and smile at how ""familiar"" the roads and the traffic flow seemed.I think that says a lot about how realistic this game is."
76561198098784459,Recommended,227300,16017638,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Killconfirmed427,This game is life.....So your downloads speed slow?Bored and wanna do something?Wanna relax after some stressful day?Wanna listen to the radio?If yes to any of these questions then this game is for you!10/10 would European Truck again
,Recommended,227300,10759548,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Natalia Gaymer,One of the best games ever. It's as relaxing and good as a real road trip. People who likes to drive will enjoy it
76561198072753273,Recommended,227300,13292357,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,DaveTrain99,Just the best game ever!! 100/10
,Recommended,227300,13396515,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Shawn,"You won't really understand the appeal until you've played it. It's a bit zen, a bit dorky, and a bit cool. I can't stay and explain because I have an 8 tonne load of yoghurt that's due soon in Salzburg and traffic can get heavy at those Austrian tollbooths..."
,Recommended,227300,30442033,Posted: 11 March,all,★♛»ζ͜αℓєχαη∂яυ,I REALLY LOVE THIS GAME!
76561198063533075,Recommended,227300,27550723,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Loloply,The number one must have sim game of all time!
,Recommended,227300,1898793,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,M4st3r,I'm Commander Shepard and Comfy Simulator is my favorite game on the citadel.
76561198031740142,Recommended,227300,12449047,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,< bengal >,>
,Recommended,227300,16194305,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,James May,It looks like a game that wouldn't be fun but once you play it it is amazing!
76561198170125399,Recommended,227300,24438110,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Hulk,*Gets fined for going 1 kmh over the speed limit**Car pulls infront of me and makes me pay for damage**Gets Fined for going 1 millimetre over red light10/10 would feed the government money again
,Recommended,227300,26939062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daniel Eastwood,"If you gonna play this as multiplayer via it's mod, you should know that title is not accurate.Right one should be How To Survive In Traffic Simulator Multiplayer.10/10 still not dead."
,Recommended,227300,8323658,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Gyumble,Such amaze wow
,Recommended,227300,21611779,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Rikki Nakesone,"tl;dr:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRNyGDRikSwYeah, I'm driving down the road, and there's a truck, I'm gonna flip him offThere comes a toll booth, let me move my hands so I can roll down my windowDundun dun dudun""I need exact change only.""""Here's 5 bucks.""""I said exact change only.""""Here's 50 bucks!""""What part of exact change don't you understand?""""Well, ♥♥♥♥ you guy!""""I'm gonna call the cops on your♥♥♥♥♥""""I'll ♥♥♥♥ you in the face.""dundun dun dunI'm still driving down the road, and there's another ♥♥♥♥ing truck, I'm gonna flip him off again... YEAHWhat? Another toll booth, this is getting old, gonna roll down my window...""I still need exact change only.""""Here's 5 bucks.""""""I said exact change only.""""50 bucks!""""Get out your damn quarters already!""""Well, ♥♥♥♥ you dude!""""I'm gonna call them up again.""""Well ♥♥♥♥ you in the face!""dundun dun dunI'm still driving down the road, and that damn semi just hit my front fender... FLY THE BIRD!What? Another tollbooth, this is getting stupid, I'm gonna take care of thisdundun dun dudunBla blablabla blabla blabla bla whatever""Here's 5 bucks.""Blablabla blabla blabla bla bla""Here's 50 bucks, shut up!""Bla blablabla blabla blabla bla bla""Well ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥""Bla blablabla blabla blabla bla bla""In the face.""dudun dun dunI can't still believe I'm on this road but here I...TRUCK, I'm flipping it off again... dow dow dowWhat? Another tollbooth! dammit, damn damn damndamn damn""I've reported you already.""""Here's 5 bucks.""""I don't take bribes from your kind.""""50 bucks.""""Your♥♥♥♥♥is so screwed.""""Well, ♥♥♥♥ you dude.""""I'm calling them up right now.""""Well ♥♥♥♥ your face.""dudunn dun dun..."
,Recommended,227300,10750913,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DjCatalinYT,I Recommended This Game Is Fantastic And Realistic Drive!
,Recommended,227300,21736797,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,極端なオーバークロッ,10/10 for the radiostations.
,Recommended,227300,21669149,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,enigmata32,"An impressive truck driving simulator. Yet, it would be better if more realistic real-life scenarios included in the game, such as flat tyres, driver's hunger, etc. Yet, for a truck simulation game, this game is a good example"
,Recommended,227300,15275367,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Thunda,"Simulators... Boring? No. Euro Truck Simulator 2 is one of the best driving simulators out there. I wouldn't recommend playing with a keyboard, or even a controller. However, if you've got a racing wheel, then this game will keep you occupied. I have a Logitech G25, so playing this game is a lot of fun. This is due to the fact that the G25/G27 has both force feedback, and a separate gear stick. Without these, the game would feel a little ""flat"". So, if you have one of these wheels, or a wheel that has a gear stick and force feedback, it really a must buy. Also, the introduction of Multiplayer (unofficial) makes this game a pleasure to play with friends, and the online community is bustling."
,Recommended,227300,17459184,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Expounder of Boxes,"I  don't know why this game is fun, but it is. My firm is in terrible debt after taking out the biggest loan as soon as I could to get my own neon green truck, despite doing the jobs offering the most money, by the time the goods are delivered, I have already been fined the much needed funds to pay off my overdraft due to speeding tickets and traffic collisions.10/10 would get £100,000 overdraft again"
,Recommended,227300,25579587,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,[YT] REAL RYANGAMES11,this is the best game in the world go buy it
,Recommended,227300,20396097,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Deadeverytime.,niufu
76561198024852542,Recommended,227300,15721981,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,NeonsStyle,"Outstanding game, amazingly relaxing driving through this beautiful terrain. Definitely a must have if you have any interest in driving."
,Recommended,227300,11520490,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Tasty Pickles,"Its awesome, but I cant download multiplayer, I can work with that. Try this game, worth the money! Endless fun and very real offences done when driving. The more you hit the more money you pay, I like it. Gas Stations are also nearby. Very good game, thanks owner!"
,Recommended,227300,16989969,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,poPaTheGuru,The best truck simulator game so far.
76561198238068624,Recommended,227300,16969384,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,fenomane,how can play multiplayer pls
,Recommended,227300,23184392,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,CCT | AMWGaming | Driver,Greatest game known to mankind haha
,Recommended,227300,13877704,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Leguvan,"Took a delivery to Italy. Soon as I enter the country AI vehicles start having accidents, stopping in the middle of the autobahn and stop and go traffic in the city of destination.10/10 - Would road rage again."
,Recommended,227300,8402367,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Aranel,"Very addictive game, well made, very relaxing, and best playing experience on two head monitor set up and your favorite TV Show (more precise real life simulation) :)"
76561198061432657,Recommended,227300,23076921,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,RicketyCricket,Decided to try this game out for a couple minutes.4 straight hours later (including the demo) and just look at my face.10/10 would make a witty joke if I wasn't exhausted
76561198088191384,Recommended,227300,23081770,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,xxmichaelxx1992,best simulation game
,Recommended,227300,20789712,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Neuropath,"Really like all of it. The game, the dlc-s just so much fun, even though it's ""just"" a trucking game.Hope there will be some sort of dlc, that makes the sideroads unlocked, and have to go some places like: a flooded village(like Scania truck simulator), in the middle of the forest a woodcutter, up the hill a narrow road to a temple with supplies, narrow roads, where you have to use some sort of skill not just full throttle.. :) Or the sideroad is just a shortcut, but the gps not show it, until you go once through it.I recommend this game almost every age, good game for your free time to spend! :)This dlc can be called; ""Trackless Roads"" or ""Roads to Nowhere"", i think, and i hope that this idea will reach the developers. Thumbs Up Guys! :)"
,Recommended,227300,23033656,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Jameson,nice game
76561198089902969,Recommended,227300,23352635,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Dylan Johnston,"Euro Truck 2 is a great game but is a little buggy. Has a lot of cities but they are basically just copy and pasted. Great game for mods and is very gppd for a fairly old game. I recommend this game for the lovers of trucks but not hardcore truckers, especially for TruckersMP."
,Recommended,227300,20495070,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,TheLegend27™,no words to say.Just awesome!
,Recommended,227300,3248335,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Sans,Крутая игра очень. Кто хочет на грузовике поездить и у кого деньги есть тот сразу покупай.Обзор 2013 г. Отредактировал на ошибки.
,Recommended,227300,23144682,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Hjs02,Do your homerwork and play ETS2 :)))
76561198271914606,Recommended,227300,23144333,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Viperek CSGO-SKINS.COM,Good
,Recommended,227300,23316281,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,GearSnob,"great game, well built and very stable. no complaints."
,Recommended,227300,20076487,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Pashki,One of my Favorite Games in this moment
,Recommended,227300,23304646,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Russell Coight,"I love the realism used to create this game even though It's not perfect, It's still a great a game."
76561198306260485,Recommended,227300,23310227,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,thomascrooks21,This game is a brilliant way to unwind and relax after a long day believe me or not hours fly by when playing
,Recommended,227300,21352369,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Reborn,good
76561198175139495,Recommended,227300,23296306,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,SmittyC41,I really enjoy this game. Great Job SCS.
,Recommended,227300,23253198,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Frank Underwood,Bir çok kamyon çeşidi var. Her türlü hava koşulu var. Gerçekçi grafikler. Güzel bir oyun.
,Recommended,227300,15656121,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Roby Roberto,"I have played over 70 hours, but on a pirated version. I bought it as soon as the game was affordable for me10/10 would bang"
76561198039735138,Recommended,227300,15662695,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,VARG-TRUMP,this game is beautiful
,Recommended,227300,15671551,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,joeyfjj,This game isn't boring at all. I don't know why.8/8
,Recommended,227300,29209786,Posted: 12 January,all,MiniDerp,BEST GAME EVEERRRRRRRR
76561198094102885,Recommended,227300,29192863,Posted: 11 January,all,Ailierynn,"I normally write lengthy reviews. Not this time, though. ETS II is what got me my driver's license. Ain't that a scary thought? :)"
,Recommended,227300,17863735,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,WizardPotato,NICENICENICE 11/10
76561198040560627,Recommended,227300,31881175,Posted: 21 May,all,Hvapsen,"At first I was like, what the hell am I doing, I dont even like driving games, but then I felt in love, slowly but steddy...Its just too addicting, you drive all day long, remember to rest! I cant put my hands on it, its just f*cking great!!!9/10 :)"
,Recommended,227300,33166086,Posted: 2 July,all,Nami,I am hopelessly addicted to this game.10/10 Will deliver more cargo
,Recommended,227300,33196934,Posted: 3 July,all,pine4pple,fined around 2k euros for single course11/10 best speeding frenzy simulatorand get the online mod
,Recommended,227300,32888073,Posted: 27 June,all,Sincci,"What can I say, it's quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,227300,15105899,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Steven,"No matter how many times I try, I will never get in that trailer dropoff point where the entrance is a 4 m wide arch.10/10 would ram truck into sandstone wall again.EDIT: It's a year or so after I originally submitted my review and I'm still loving it. Previously, it was tedious but now I just kick back and listen to whatever podcast I'm interested in."
76561198141435056,Recommended,227300,15004808,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,/ egasik37 RU,это очень крутая игра про дальнобой))
,Recommended,227300,33194109,Posted: 3 July,all,Austin58581,"People who say that this game is realitic are liars. The NPC cars rarely cut you off, they drive in the middle instead of tailgating you, and they actually stay in their lane. Otherwise, 10/10 would trucker again"
76561198072264647,Recommended,227300,30858105,Posted: 31 March,all,SlimeyPlayzz,"Very good game, its worth the money and the add-ons are great but you do need a bulky commputer/laptop for it but its totoly wrth the beauty!"
,Recommended,227300,31592618,Posted: 6 May,all,"Caractacus, King of the Britons","This is a perfect game to play to either unwind, listen to Youtube (I'd recommend videos which only require audio), to play when you need to go or do something in the next 15 mins or so or, which is what I do, to listen to a book on Audible.  It's got a good amount of depth, with the varying types of trucks, a believable and well researched design of the countries you visit and can very well be addictive for those who enjoy simulators."
,Recommended,227300,33225219,Posted: 4 July,all,AdrianS[BUY CASES FOR ITEMS],Very Good
,Recommended,227300,27326050,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Copiatoru',I can enjoy it for day's
,Recommended,227300,29044035,Posted: 5 January,all,Timadol de china,Nice simulator but there are too much dlcs and they're expensive
,Recommended,227300,33231615,Posted: 4 July,all,Ascensio,best game ever
76561198100830858,Recommended,227300,32934743,Posted: 28 June,all,yanyan,Love it
,Recommended,227300,23085658,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Pastor of Muppets,Next DLC should involve smuggling goods and people past customs. 10/10
76561198119746771,Recommended,227300,23033163,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,joecannonsave,Nothing like hitting the open road and listening to your favorite radio stations.
,Recommended,227300,22913464,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,lame llamas,its an awesome game!
76561198072183437,Recommended,227300,16969220,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,formaoriginal,Muito Bom
76561198008686838,Recommended,227300,23710616,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Randombadger69,"Great game, you get dragged into it and time disappears"
,Recommended,227300,24292556,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,DigitaL MilitiA,Its an amazing game.
,Recommended,227300,24295391,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ray,"I f@cking am addicted to this game.If you love trucks, then you should DEFINITELY play this game!"
,Recommended,227300,24308140,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,McIntosh_Productions,"I have enjoyed th game very much, just listening to music and driving. Fantastic.Pros:+intelligent AI+Correctly modeled vehicles+Real Landmarks+Realistic roads+Real cars+DLC's are awesome+Calm and soothingCons:---SAME DANG ROADS FOR EVERY PLACE IN THE GOSH DANG WORLD-DLC's are over priced-Trucks driving is very difficult to handle with a keyboard, 70 hours and still learning how to drive with it.-Cars run into you but you get fined for them turning into your truck---------------------Too many times cars pulling out infront of me waaay too much"
,Recommended,227300,33471835,Posted: 11 July,all,Anne Frank's DrumKit,"Put on some ""Gypsy Road"" by Cinderella and ♥♥♥♥ing cruise man.It's like driving in real life, but without the actual consequences of poor driving."
76561198274388527,Recommended,227300,33490346,Posted: 12 July,all,Liam5461,"I love this game! Okay graphics, Good mods!"
,Recommended,227300,16077040,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ColDStReaM,Perfect game if you wanna just sit back and relax. The multiplayer mod allows you to play with your friends too.
76561197990742852,Recommended,227300,8913942,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,daniel.james,"One of the most unexpectedly enjoyable games i've ever played and i've been hard gaming since 1988!I have a high end PC which is ideal to deal with the many mods that make the game what it is, it's good in standard form but so much better when you add real cars, realistic traffic levels, take away ""Majestic"" etc.Some complain about boredom which is fair when you considered what the game is like, it can be a little bit of a chore at times but as someone who for some wierd reason loves motorway driving I really enjoy sticking on some good music and driving across Europe.We all know the maps are vastly unrealistic and AI can be annoying (stupid but for that reason it's quite true to life) but think many of us have a secret urge to drive a truck and see what it's like to think you own the road, like real truckers do :pFor a small team of developers this is a great game and I can only crave the next update and indeed their next game when it's out, hopefully this year! Good effort!"
,Recommended,227300,33272857,Posted: 5 July,all,♠Vee♠♥♪♫♪♫,Nice game to pass your time when you got nothing to do or u dont wanna play something hardcore !
76561198120022698,Recommended,227300,33263488,Posted: 4 July,all,lastlight001,Awesome.
76561198292828693,Recommended,227300,33133285,Posted: 2 July,all,modunst.t,This is very interesting game for every age group.I recomended anyone.
,Recommended,227300,32852862,Posted: 27 June,all,✪ D3ƎPLo_Ok^₁₃₃₇ -iwn,"Cu bac sau fara bac,tot sofer de tic ma fac"
76561198265851499,Recommended,227300,33277088,Posted: 5 July,all,Snaipuxa,good
,Recommended,227300,33277211,Posted: 5 July,all,Dark Impaler,nice simulator
,Recommended,227300,10717074,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,nikomo,"I crashed into a car, I crashed into a van, I crashed into a truck, I crashed into a wall, and I caused more damage to Germany than the second World War.10/10"
,Recommended,227300,33316882,Posted: 6 July,all,Gamelinx,Best game to play when you want to chill out and have a beer !
,Recommended,227300,13130013,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Kyo Nanashi,"While at first you might think that this is not a fun looking game, you'll find yourself suddently realising that you have put in 8+ hours into playing it. I failed on my first savefile really bad by not managing my company very well, took out too many loans to supports my other drivers, etc. On my next playthrough I was fairly more conservative about how I manage the company. In essence, this game is more than just driving the truck, you will start with almost nothing. One of the very good features of the game is the online radio you can access while you are in-game, which contains various radio stations from whole Europe. I would very much recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,227300,993609,"Posted: 17 January, 2013",all,SIDESTEAL,"This game is utterly awesome. It's relaxing and no-one gets killedYou can drive your truck, level up and enjoy it.I love it."
,Recommended,227300,33261565,Posted: 4 July,all,harishreddych007,Best simulator game ever!  Worth buying!!10/10
,Recommended,227300,33271632,Posted: 5 July,all,☆pew,I'd never thought I would find myself being addicted to a game about driving a truck across highways butwelp10/10 pretty amazing honestly
,Recommended,227300,33275197,Posted: 5 July,all,Chupakabura,"nice game, very relaxing for weekend"
76561198002952962,Recommended,227300,31822865,Posted: 18 May,all,Dreamtrip,Couldnt imagine this game being any good. Until you play it. This game is truly amazing. It is fun to play with friends on the MP mod to create nice convoys. Relaxing like no other game i owe. If you dont have this game yet. A DEF BUY !!!
,Recommended,227300,21074189,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,AlmightyJmey,Very good simulator.
76561198036003437,Recommended,227300,24463924,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Sargantskull,"Driving 90kph in a 60 zone on some random highway, only to be passed by some guy, and then the guy immediately slows down to 60.....10/10 for realism."
,Recommended,227300,19501643,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Azerth,Yolo. This game i samazing. Buy it!!!  :)
,Recommended,227300,23424788,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,JamieBond,"Nice and chill game that u can play whereever you are! I have played it a lot while offline that isnt on record aswell, and i highly recomend it. Worth every cent :)"
76561198276344492,Recommended,227300,23467407,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,kk,The graphics is good and it runs smoothly
,Recommended,227300,23480334,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Mipatron[NL/ENG],Great game i recomend the multiplayer mod
,Recommended,227300,23482109,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,jingjo58,10/10 verry good game
76561198305493460,Recommended,227300,23483157,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,jedikiah484,the best truck sim there is i cant stop playing this awsome game so amaizing will recomend
76561198163712655,Recommended,227300,23483886,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Mihnea,"At first I thought this is going to be very boaring. But trust me people, this game is great. It is perhaps the best game to play when you are listening podcasts and/or music. The radio in the game is cool and I even got some german words in my vocabulary so try it and enjoy. Plus, it is fun to customize your truck and roam around Europe :D"
,Recommended,227300,23485226,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,HellWO,I think this is the best game in the truck simulator genre. You can go everywhere you want (of course in area of the game). In game you can add mods that make this game more interesting because everybode can make simething he want and play with your favorite trucks or colours which does not have the game.
76561198136163212,Recommended,227300,23438614,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,-Nervous,"I like this game,one of my favorites.  :)  It is going to be better if you could take your window down xD . And more ideas as well from community!"
,Recommended,227300,23444547,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,T4k3N,"Play a game,Earn enough money to buy a truck,Get multiplayer mod,Have fun."
,Recommended,227300,23413325,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Lyrian,"If you can't have a car, driving a video game truck isn't all that bad. Maybe I'm in the minority, but I find this incredibly relaxing."
76561198147896660,Recommended,227300,23414011,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Vinny Scarletto,There's something about hauling tomatoes into Berlin while listening to the radio that makes this game amazing. Perfect for anyone who enjoys driving but doesn't want to have to actually pay the price for gas.
,Recommended,227300,23425857,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,broodjetom,"Sometimes when I play Rocket League, I rage quit. Then I play Euro Truck Simulator 2 to calm down."
76561198292788988,Recommended,227300,23426357,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,GHOSTHUNTER,for the 9 hours i played this it was great BUT i was using key control for 4 hours of it. when i  got a wheel it was a dream to drive the hardest loads. i highly recommend this game if you want a realistic game and you have or will have a wheel. one word of advisory it takes a lot of time to level up with small loads. if you want to level up fast and get better trucks etc. do one or two small starter loads then knock out three or for of the longest/most paying loads. also start in the us then go to the UK at level 10-15 and you will be golden. I got on sale for $10 but it is worth the money any price.
,Recommended,227300,23433593,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,AlvinoZ,Please make each city with diffrent texture like ats make uk with london brige or germany with brundenburg gate to make it realistic like ats please
76561198024198049,Recommended,227300,3525637,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Nicholas,Simply the best Truck Simulator out there.
,Recommended,227300,22602075,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,[S.T.M.I] 002 - Om Ridho,"Awesome, I am not a gamer,  but I really like this game."
,Recommended,227300,18217529,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,--=Tom8Tom=--,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a very addicting game.  Basically you're a lorry driver and you complete missions to get cash, with the cash you can upgrade your truck, garage and get people to work for your business.  There are tons of mods and DLC out there for the game including a very well developed multiplayer mod that is extremely popular and I highly recommend.  It isnt really very graphic hungry as I can play on Medium settings at around 30fps in the countryside and 20fps in the city playing with an Intel Celeron and Intel HD Graphics. You can also use Joysticks and Steering wheels for Euro Truck Simulator 2 to get the best gameplay, however these controllers can range from £20 - £300.Hope my review helped."
,Recommended,227300,22754867,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Δ ECKOLITE Δ,"O que falar do melhor simulador já criado? ainda mais pra quem curte dirigir..Paguei 7 Reais em uma promoção da Steam, queria ter pego a versão com todas as dlcs mas a grana tava curta, mesmo assim, me diverti muito, e ainda me divirto, gráficos lindos, jogabilidade boa e realística, pra quem quer uma coisa mais simples tem o modo automático, pra quem gosta de desafios, tipo eu, tem o modo senquencial, e pra quem tem um volante Pika das Galaxias ainda tem o modo H-ShifterAcredite em mim, não há nada melhor que viajar por estradas lindas ao som de uma música boa, uma Hurt, versão do Johnny Cash por exemplo, ou uma Turn The Page, versão do Metallica, escutar uns Country's, Country Rock's e se gostar (não é o meu caso) até um sertanejo, isso vai de cada um, mas não há nada mais magnífico em um jogo do que estar em um dia chuvoso e simplesmente lá, dirigindo sozinho, ligar a rádio e viajar ao som de uma Open Your Eyes da banda Snow Patrol, é simplesmente emocionanteEsse jogo apesar de ser """"""antigo"""""" tem gráficos lindos, que claro, foram melhorados com um Update, mas mesmo assim, lindo, esse jogo é 10/10, se você curte esse estilo e quer se tornar um caminhoneiro, mais do que isso... o dono de um monopólio de caminhões e ter vários empregados, compre, em promoção, fora de promoção, apenas compre <310/10 - Não há nada melhor que viajar pelas estradas da Europa escutando uma Sweet Home Alabama <3"
,Recommended,227300,12646587,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Chunky Cheese,good when bored
,Recommended,227300,23545027,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Sandels2200,This game gets really boring if you just play with AI cars and trucks in single player. Now you are trying to say that this game dosen't have multiplayer. Actually it does have multiplayer but it's a mod. You can download it for free. Just google truckersmp and you will find it. Now you'll see that this game is much more fun than you expected.
,Recommended,227300,20980696,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,blaze,"awesome game, love ti ♥still"
76561198142305092,Recommended,227300,13450142,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ojthomas34,i cant get enough of this game!
,Recommended,227300,13458141,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SatanPutin,How To Play:-Get buddys to play-Turn on C.W. McCall - Convoy-Convoy aross europe-Life complete10/10
,Recommended,227300,13864892,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Stansky,"I got a Logitech Driving Force GT as a present and started looking for driving games to play.From F1 2014 and Assetto Corsa to The Crew and NFS Rivals. Great experiences.And then I tried Euro Truck Simulator 2 and my jaw dropped. I was literally driving and laughing at how real (compared to arcade games) this sim feels. You can even feel the engine rev in the force feedback wheel, the effects are awesome.The trucks look amazing, both interior and exterior, and the scenery is lovely with so few graphical resources.I added 4 mods:TRUE Lights AI cars and Environment vers 5.8 noHDRREALISTIC LIGHTING v2.2HD-Graphics-by-RantkelSoft_Physics_v4And the result looks almost like a movie. The gameplay is surreal.I highly recommend this game to any car / racing enthusiast, the feeling is so special it's in a league of its own, far from racing games and F1.You ever wanted to go flatout on a REAL looking highway, in an open world with weather, traffic, speeding cameras, driving a 750HP 6x4 truck without a trailer? Or maybe drive for 1-2 hours from UK to Eastern Europe to deliver a cargo for 50-60k€ ?Now you can get a taste."
76561198077654116,Recommended,227300,13905249,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Angry Republican,"I'm driving trucks for fun. I have games where I could explore huge snowy worlds. I have games where I could conquer dragons and worlds. I have games where I could rob a bank and escape using teamwork. I have the ability and time to learn new things that could benefit people around me and myself. And yet, I'm just here. Driving trucks. 10/10"
76561198154177428,Recommended,227300,13831332,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Duhlam,"I have recently brought the steam version for the multiplayer, i can not get over how annoying the online is, you constantly get crashed into and you are limited to a snail pace, the base game trucks are boring on the multiplayer aswell, i like the modded trucks and love playing on the singleplayer, however there just arent any decent trucks to choose from, the detail of the game is beautiful, i congratulate you on the effort you have gone to with detail."
76561197992466203,Recommended,227300,13846995,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Deadman Walking,I love this game. With the Beta out for Mac it makes it that much better. With that in mind I would love to see Steam Cloud Sync since I now use the game on both platforms. The ability to sync my profile between computers would be awesome!
76561197982095207,Recommended,227300,10583636,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Murcor,Be a cranky beligerant truck driver like you always wanted in the gorgeous countryside of Europe!
,Recommended,227300,10562659,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,dierize,yes
,Recommended,227300,10576910,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Novacti,"If you like trucks and traveling the world, its game for you. Basically you are a truck driver, who have to ride from point A to point B, buy his own trucks... You have trucks like MAN, VOLVO, IVECO... Its not licensed, but its here. Its funny game. I like it but its not the best game in my collection. 8/10"
,Recommended,227300,10792411,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Uncle Jimmy,Very relaxing
,Recommended,227300,12189649,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Boman,Flipped my truck because I was distracted by the scenery.10/10
,Recommended,227300,19396461,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Dog Aids,One of the best driving games out on the market. It has a lot of mods to make the experience even better!
,Recommended,227300,30689241,Posted: 23 March,all,bprashanth.gi,Nothing in this game.No spectacular graphics.No stellar gameplay.No shooting stuff.No racing excitement.No story.But it is addictive. Please someone explain this to my now-estranged wife and dejected parents!
,Recommended,227300,23276406,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ethan_UwU,this is one of the best games on steam if you like simulator games you have to buy this
,Recommended,227300,18177255,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Princess SparkleTink,"Hours of fun, a Very very relaxing game to play, sticking your own music on and enjoying the open roads. Really do recommend this game if you want a Simulator ro relax to."
76561198278385099,Recommended,227300,22151439,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,SgtParker,"The game is great. With mods, It's like god. 10/10"
76561197979614008,Recommended,227300,23825874,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,josephdh,"Spend 90min in traffic every day, but still enjoy playing ETS2. 10/10 commuters recommend."
,Recommended,227300,23828892,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hextus Farmskins.com,Best simulator game! :-)
,Recommended,227300,23829043,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,isultanlialif,The only reason to play this game is because its multiplayer mod :p
76561198045682917,Recommended,227300,19580052,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,bmg5229,awsome game love it
,Recommended,227300,23900193,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Azraeill,OH ♥♥♥♥ YEAH
76561198061941170,Recommended,227300,10203777,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Awusten,A nice and relaxing frive through the roads of Europe.....untill you crash
76561198058079915,Recommended,227300,23950535,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,**,Worth all the money.
,Recommended,227300,23888352,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DLC,I like this game!!!
,Recommended,227300,10665358,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Avari,"I really didn't expect to like this game , but it is so addictive. I tried it as a bit of a joke with a friend and now... later on... It is one of my favourite wind down/don't have to think games."
,Recommended,227300,10057728,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,AirBiscuit,"This is a great timesink. Trucks are love, trucks are life.Also the multiplayer mod is excellent"
76561198042822838,Recommended,227300,13582919,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Yeezus McJesus,"Trucks, man.I think I've found my calling."
76561198171401633,Recommended,227300,14121550,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,jackman9100,Great game Great graphics and quite fun if you like trucking games
,Recommended,227300,14129739,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,zentabit,"I suddenly got sucked in to this game and now I find myself ""Hmm, that's a Scania R430 4X2"" in real life.Wonderful and engaging gameplay(if you're just a little bit nerdy), lovely graphics, and really good handling/physics.I would recommend this game to everyone, truck-fan or not!"
,Recommended,227300,10562819,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,KonaYMA6,Driving trucks around is a lot more fun than I expected it to be... and playing rap music whilst swerving in and out of lanes in Cardiff is hilarious.
,Recommended,227300,14118949,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Tonker,"A brilliant simulatior which is actually fun and relaxing to play as a game. The map is huge which makes for a more realistic and authentic feeling simulation, however the towns and cities lack in detail and all pretty much look the same (I've heard somewhere that this may be fixed in a later update). As for missions, there are plenty to choose from. You can choose how long you want your journey to take as well as choose the cargo which you deliver.  Controls are well implemented even for keyboard/mouse control however I would recommend using a steering wheel as this game greatly benefits from it, espeically with the G27 as the game has the controls already mapped.10/10 would buy again."
76561198047938568,Recommended,227300,14127290,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Fatboy Chris,"trucks are cool, this game is cool"
76561197983676587,Recommended,227300,7910781,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,DrSmile,"You like Trucks? You dont like to get stressed all the time of the game you playing? GO AND BUY THIS.....no one is shooting at you, no one is flaming you for no reason, no highscores needed, just relax and haul the cargo of your choice from one city to another. with nice graphics, costumization of your trucks, open your own company, online radio support and tons of very well made mods."
,Recommended,227300,28017400,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Advocated Edict,Yeah it's pretty good.
,Recommended,227300,20304872,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Chadlinje,SUch a good game to get lost into and to roleplay! I can find myself playing this for hours sometimes.
76561198007330992,Recommended,227300,2437273,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,=CB= Dan Hagman,"Best truck-simulator I ever laid me hands on, played the predecessors ( all of them) and this is definetely the best.I'd spent several hundred hours in this game even before it became available thru steam and since then I added some 500 hours of gameplay tae it BECAUSE it's one of the greatest single player games ever!It's levelling up in a steep curve but still keeps ye addicted tae it because here and there are still areas which ye haven't been visited before... and the radio system adds only the atmosphere needed.. listening tae dixie and gayle all the time makes it even more enjoyable.."
,Recommended,227300,7771027,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,gatorbait,"What is it about this game that is so engrossing? My wife doesn't understand how playing at someone else's real job can be entertaining.  I tell you that it is.The developers, SCS Software, have done an amazing job making ETS2 feel as if you are actually driving a big rig across Europe.  The intaginble weightiness of a massive vehicle comes through your screen and controller flawlessley.  Take a corner too fast and expect to be on the side of the road or perhaps colliding with another vehicle. Acceleration feels nice out of the box, but breaking may need to be adjusted in the settings to provide a more realistic stopping experience.Highway visuals are amazing!  Provided that you are not driving the same few roads over and over, you will see a huge variety of terrian and landmarks, all of it gorgeously rendered with HDR and bloom effects.  Thankfully, routes are not rendered in real time. Both time and distance are compressed for gameplay's sake, though you will still need to manage both your fuel consumption and need for rest as the pavement rolls beneath you.Each brand and model of truck has its own interior faithfully recreated from real-world counterparts. In cab sounds are spot on and the only thing missing is CB radio chatter. You can however link up to internet radio stations or your own local music library.  I recommend listening to some European radio for the full effect.""So what's the point,"" you ask? The point is to build your own trucking empire by delivering freight on-time and un-harmed. As you progress as a driver, using XP you can unlock differnt load types, longer distances, and even greater fuel efficency.  Earning money allows you to buy and upgrade garages, hire additional drivers and most importantly buy and upgrade trucks for your fleet.  A host of customization awaits you, from engines and chassis to paint and lighting.  It's not quite a sandbox game, but as there is no defined end-goal, how you build your empire is up to you.I think one of the things I like best about ETS2 is that I actually feel relaxed while ""driving."" It allows me to unplug my brain a bit and just enjoy the scenery. Of course if I do that for too long I usually run into something in the oncoming lane.  I also like that the developer keeps adding content.  There are a couple of DLC packs, but the main content has also been updated for free.Seriously though, it's got a demo. You have no excuse not to jump behind the wheel.Update: 200 hours in and still love it."
,Recommended,227300,8306685,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,WHERE'S THE LAMB SAUCE?!!!!,"This game is the most relaxing but at the same time enjoyable game I own. This game, despite it's size, is very pretty and very realistic. The physics are good but do not scare off the casual player with options to customise the amount of simulation you want. If you think this game is just driving trucks around you would be wrong because this is also a very nice buisness game as well.Pros-Pretty-Great SImulation-Enjoyable Buisness Management-Nice Force Feedback-RelaxingCons- Buisness Management could mabey be expanded-Not much of france and no Spanish Maps-AI is stupid ATM (I know it is being worked on by SCS software but, at the time of writing, is unreleased.-No Visable DamageOverall a very enjoyable game. Do not avoid it because of its niche-ness."
,Recommended,227300,16637330,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Somnio,"Like Arma 3, except without guns."
,Recommended,227300,7907714,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,JB,brilliant game if you enjoy driving
,Recommended,227300,20012299,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,spookifex,"A game that you didn't know you wanted to play, for some reason.Never has it been so fun to drive a semi across Europe.You know, as long as you're not hitting everything you drive by."
76561198093939120,Recommended,227300,17050924,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,xD,"I don't know, but somehow I have a lot of fun playing this..."
76561198041499956,Recommended,227300,7836381,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Taylor,Highly recommend this game if you have a steering wheel for your PC!
,Recommended,227300,8477034,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,MG,fun but can get boring but it is worth it its sometimes funny get it!!!
,Recommended,227300,8001201,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,L. Ron Hayword,My friends think I'm joking when I tell them that this is quickly becoming one of my favorite games of all time.  Put on some streaming radio from the country your driving through (built in) and kick back.
,Recommended,227300,11371746,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,The Ben Payton,Please get this beautiful game pleeeaaseee! :D 10/10
,Recommended,227300,21403574,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,beeloy,look mom no hamd
76561198113138535,Recommended,227300,12211937,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,gommunist,"Steam may show I've only played 23 minutes, but I use my disk version, not my steam. I have played roughly 100-200 hours, and I love this. Some people may say it's boring or doesn't have enough diversity, but I think the roads change a lot, even to the point where I have a couple of favourite roads, one of pure beauty and another has amazing turns that I love the challenge of. Also, the devs have seen that fact this is one of the biggest simulators in the world and have not given up on it at all. They're constantly making sure everything is factual and realistic, and will not stop adding amazing detail into the game, as well as features that make the game better than it ever has been.Overall, I would give this game a 9.5/10 and I will most likely play it more when I've finished writing this review."
,Recommended,227300,13259371,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,wildcatbrett53,Im 14 and i love this game
,Recommended,227300,7821830,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Ruazihtlab,"A great game to just relax and sink into, decent graphics, nice audio and the controls can be customized to your liking, for me it's the modern day solitaire for pc, should be on every pc."
76561198049708005,Recommended,227300,19452402,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SirFatPants,It's like Skyrim with trucks.
,Recommended,227300,10805587,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Harambe,"420/10 you can dink in your truck.One time I was dinking in my truck when someone was honking at me i said why are they honking at my dinkySo i showed them an enhanced picture of dinkies and said I AM OPERATING A EURO TRUCK SIMULATOR 2 VEHILCL WITH AN ENLARGED DINKY LISENSE PLZ STOP HONK I WILL CRASHThe someone stoppped honking because they understood that dinking in your turck is srs buisness and only serioussne dinkybaters can dink in a ERUOR TRUK SIMULATOR II: CRUISIN THE DINKYWAYpLEASE support the developers of this game adn for pormoting dinking all over the EURRO TRUKC SIMULATOR 2: ELECTRIC BOOGADINK ROADS beacuse it is a great game and is at a very dinky priece.Thank you all for your time.-irishdinkyofwar, Year of our Lord Two Thousand And Twenty Three, Current MVP of DINKING AT DINKY TRUKCING UNLIMITED INC."
76561198091655573,Recommended,227300,9643635,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,VeNn,This is the best truck simulator game that i have ever played and it is damn addictive
,Recommended,227300,16215863,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,BubblesJay,"OK, so this is my first review ever!So let's get started and if you look at how many hours I've logged playing this game, you'll see that I've spent quite a bit of time in the game. I've still not seen all of it and I'm still yet to get more than one garage in my company!Although the game is simple, it's very detailed and it's loads of fun. Fun in the way that it's extremely relaxing and can be used to either sit and relax after a day on your feet in work, or late at night to help send you to sleep.I really do mean it when I say I'd give it 10/10 as it's one of the best games I've played in a very long time and is also the longest running game I've played!"
,Recommended,227300,16277771,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Edelweiß,Okay so I bought this game expecting to help it teach me to drive and I can say that it definititely doesn't help a lot with that.It's realistic sure but it doesn't have any traffic tutorial which for me with no driving liscense made me lose a bunch of  money on lighting tickets.Didn't ruin the game though. Otherwise there isn't much to say about this title that hasn't already been said: It's a perfectly okay title and I guess I recommend it.
,Recommended,227300,16286152,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,RevertsMe,If you like Driving Trucks for a long period time with friends using the Multiplayer mod then this game will be fun for you. But if you plan for a game filled with action then this is not the game you're looking for.
,Recommended,227300,16111380,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,TheXGamer,"An AI truck with load attempts to overtake me when approaching a roundabout, I accelerated, then suddenly, the AI vanishes out of the blue. 11/10 AI would vanish again*turns off speed limiter**goes 130kph+**saw a speed camera ahead**applied brakes late**CHA-CHING* Speeding Ticket €55010/10 would speed againBest. Simulator. Ever.10/10 would truck again."
,Recommended,227300,16308393,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,MoonMan,Literally the most fun thing ever.10/10 would play this instead of revise for exams again.
,Recommended,227300,16311869,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Ahkin,"Go ahead and drive, mungo."
,Recommended,227300,16355886,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Patarr_,"it is a fun game where you are a truck driver who has to drive accros the land to deliver his cargo, and to make money. you can buy your own truck and customize it, and you can hire people to work for you, but you have to upgrade your garage first. you also can buy more garages."
,Recommended,227300,9184982,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,eTIcket22,I love this gameIts great to drive like a real person or to just try and cause a big a traffic pileup as possibleEither way the game is quite fun and i hope you have as much fun with this as i did
76561198082978225,Recommended,227300,16212162,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,InsideCorrosion,One of the best things you can buy in this steamy♥♥♥♥♥♥hole. Just buy it.
,Recommended,227300,16212428,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,✪Rusty Nail✪,"The game is awsome,relaxing..... :D"
,Recommended,227300,16235358,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,[11thMS.A] Jimmy Biggums,"Be warned, My reviews arent the greatest.With 150 hours played so far, I have grew to install 35 mods, A whole new Windows Media playlist and begining to talk on my real life CB to my friends as I am in a skype call with them while playing ETS2.  My father is a real life truck driver in the United States, So this game made me get the closest to the ""truck driving life"" At first you get tasked to create a company name, a logo, and you drivers profile picture. Then, you hop on and start driving for jobs you see on what is bassically the web. Much like driving for another company. Once you have spent most of your IRL life hoping to get a new european truck, you crash and put 12% damage on your load. Well now your screwed because half of you paycheck is gone. Well, once you have enough to buy a cheap truck, you can now do loads on your own, picking up your favorite loads. That is if you have a, whats called, ""Jazzy Pack Mods"". This puts new trailers into your game. Such as, A huge tree, trains, food trailers, bassically alot of different selections. Once you have built up your empire of trucking awesomness, that is by buying whole entire garages able to fit 5 trucks and 5 drivers, you can make a small sum of money a day. The more garages you own and the more drivers, the more money.  Now, you can sit back, relaxe in you new Kenworth W900L that you just installed, and chill. It is now your job to see if YOU want to do a job that is from germany to london, or from a smalll german town to another small german town. Dont forget you can listen to REAL LIFE music stations from London, Germany, Russia and some from the United States. Hop on Euro Truck SImulator 2, and check out everything it has too offer. In my review I only state the small things. There are truly 1,000 things to do. Check it out yourself!"
76561198118800435,Recommended,227300,16262957,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,TZF Aidan,ITS A GAME WHERE YOU DRIVE TRUCKS 10/10 WOULD BUY AGAIN. seriously get this game
,Recommended,227300,13672201,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Instability,Driving in the U.K for me-Speeding Ticket--Speeding Ticket--Speeding Ticket--Speeding Ticket--Speeding Ticket--Speeding Ticket--Speeding Ticket--Speeding Ticket--Speeding Ticket--Speeding Ticket--Speeding Ticket-
,Recommended,227300,13473081,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[PBLW][WSR] pretzel484,"This game is awesome and you get to truck and deliver stuff.  It is a great single player game for when you cannot use the internet, as the single player is great.  I recommend getting the multiplayer mod if you want to play with other people."
,Recommended,227300,16016721,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,crad,Cant transport illegal immigrants0/10
,Recommended,227300,16340207,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,s p o i c y,"This game is great just driving around Europe in a truck all by yourself with no one to bother you. ""PEACEFUL"" 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,16870135,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Jimmy Burby,LOVE IT!!!!
76561198234897136,Recommended,227300,16858992,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ScaniaManV8,VERY VERY VERY GOOD GAME
,Recommended,227300,16907618,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,TRKY,People flash you if you drive with full beams on.11/6 would drive on full beams again.
,Recommended,227300,16916108,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,RiskyXon3 | kickback.com,"Wasted like ♥♥♥♥ing 20 minutes for ONE... ONE ♥♥♥♥ING MISSION. Online mod is Fun. BUT IF U ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY IT WIHOUT FRIENDS I TELLIN U, U GONNA SLEEP IN.9,5/10 Recomendet alota Redbull and a SteeringWheel. (♥♥♥♥♥OFF MY INGLISH IS GUD)"
,Recommended,227300,16538905,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,HellVox,Man I love this game. Just drive and relax. Listen to your radio and create the perfect business:)
76561198145712120,Recommended,227300,19824288,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,DaN1y CS.MONEY,Excellent
76561198124183865,Recommended,227300,11069472,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,groundchopper360,"This is my review on Euro Truck Simulator 2. The game can be boring sometimes but with the all new multiplayer mod it's so much fun beacuse I can play with my friends on a really good game. One of the things I didn't think that was very good was how boring it is on really long lourneys they really need to find something else they can use to keep you entertained.  However the game is mainly good and I enjoy how realistic it can be, well apart from how you can do a 10 hour jouney in about 30 minutes. I would reccomend this game to people who enjoy simulators and like the laid back approach to life and enjoy just sitting back and chilling out I would give this game a amazing 4 and a half stars out of 5."
76561198061199735,Recommended,227300,13817882,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Wellsy1498,A great game that gets the right balance between sandbox and simulation. 10/10
76561198146900074,Recommended,227300,19979641,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Chloe_Haig,One of my favourite games
,Recommended,227300,19956074,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dr3am in Vacantions,Its very good game
,Recommended,227300,19906640,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Paulosky,A realistic and good game to play with friends.I recommend !
76561198042680987,Recommended,227300,19918047,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,swampgoat,"Very enjoyable game.  Much more realistic with a gaming wheel, but still very playable with the keyboard.   If you like any kind of driving simulator, you should pick up this title."
,Recommended,227300,19868749,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Chents2D,Always wanted to drive big rigs... now I can! 10 out of 10!
,Recommended,227300,13565737,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Neon Bronze,"This is a game that's very easy to glance at and write off as being some sort of weird, boring niche product. It's a game about driving trucks around, and to a lot of people that's not going to sound like riveting gameplay. You should really give it a shot, though. This is a truly fantastic game.There's sort of two sides to Euro Truck, both of which are really well-executed. On the one side, it's a driving sim - you just cruise the highways of Europe, night and day, rain or shine. It's peaceful, cathartic even. On the other hand, it's basically an RPG, with levels, unlockable upgrades, etc. For me, it presses all the same mental buttons as progression systems in a grindy JRPG do.You really have no excuse not to give Euro Truck a shot. It's frequently on sale for under $10, and chances are high you'll end up having a bunch of fun. Two years on, the visuals are starting to show their age a bit, but that's really the only complaint to be made about this game."
,Recommended,227300,4803370,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,OutragedSoup,"I've been all over Europe with my lime green truck and it's strangely relaxing and fun. The map isn't too big or too small; in fact it's just right for me to play for half an hour and get a delivery done and come back later to do the same again. The graphics are nice to look at - especially when the sun rises or sets and you can drive the truck with whatever control method you desire. The game has half realistic, half arcadey physics which help make it fun and little to medium bumps are not devastating to your truck. The customisation in this game offers a wealth of options as you build up your trucking empire. I would say that the recruitment and management side of this game is not overly expansive however after paying full price for this game, I feel I have had my money's worth and will continue to play this game as it is easy to relax while cruising down the motorway. Just remember to stick to the right when you're outside of the UK :) I think this game appeals to a wide range of people - especially those who are unable or choose not to drive but would love to try it out in a virtual environment. This game is rather addictive but definately a good purchase - the developers are keeping it up to date as well which means it keeps getting better."
,Recommended,227300,30711327,Posted: 24 March,all,Hude,Its a butiful game!
76561198269649634,Recommended,227300,20971371,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ianscottsage,SO MUCH FUN... DOWNLOAD THIS ITS AMAZING
76561198245980474,Recommended,227300,21107205,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Shadow,very good game
76561198154501250,Recommended,227300,21130557,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Onur Eren,"Alın lan alın oynayın,Tır simülatörü budur işte"
,Recommended,227300,21453593,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Darky,if you like to drive trucks here is the place !
,Recommended,227300,21531718,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,CaptainCrazy,Awesome Multiplayer!A lot of fun for lonely nights.
,Recommended,227300,20324061,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Anomaly,nice game
,Recommended,227300,17251901,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Adam Wallace,"EuroTruck Simulator 2 -This is a great game if you like to simulate the 'real' world! I deffently recomend this game to all of my friends and also you should check out the multiplayer 'mod' you can download, just google Euro Truck Simulator 2 multiplayer and click the first one.Pros1. You can 'learn' how to drive a  truck, if you have a steering wheel you can get used to driving for the real world.2. You can listen to radio from the internet in game! There is a Euro Truck radio with traffic reports for the multiplayer game.NO CONS! GREAT GAME!"
76561198176806845,Recommended,227300,21364699,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Nathan,Amazing game everyone who loves truck games should get this.
76561198083084220,Recommended,227300,20972815,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TobsterBear,"Wow, what an improvement to the the truck simulator franchise"
,Recommended,227300,21511652,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Lenny,"The amount of heart attacks I've had when I forgot you drive on the LEFT side in Great Brittain, countless.10/10 would crash into incoming truck again"
76561198262429028,Recommended,227300,20185969,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,YoozeK,Fajna gra pomyslowa i kurde najs kurde
76561198280344755,Recommended,227300,21582479,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,[RO] Shaolyn,Addictive and fun
76561198170784035,Recommended,227300,15710631,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,zombieboys666,Top Top game highly reccomended
,Recommended,227300,15107361,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Phidias,"Euro Truck Simulator 2I love this driving simulator,and this game have lots of things that i want to have,like:AI carstraffic lightsrainingsudden traffic jamcrashBlinkerMultiplayerNice view of highwaysThis game have very nice views,which is just exactly the same as real life...INSANE....etcp.s. I suggest you buy the Euro Truck Simulator 2 Collector's Bundle if you like driving and will play this game for a long time."
76561198045477070,Recommended,227300,10602871,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,$teamedbeav,"They took my license away for drunk driving, but guess what now I'm drunk driving across Europe in a semi truck!"
,Recommended,227300,21070607,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,yann4124,"Amazing game, its truly beautiful"
,Recommended,227300,20734211,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Miättisen Roosa,Good Game
,Recommended,227300,13544318,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,~ScoringWolf¨~,"I really recommend this game it's a very funny trucker game and it has a nice landscape too, but my favorite thing about it is all the paint jobs you can really get some cool looks on your truck! x)"
,Recommended,227300,21238366,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,The Guv'ner,"Rating: 9/10If you love realistic driving simulations, you will love this game, this game you control a truck driver who has his/her own business in driving cargo around europe to make money and expand his/her business. this game is really fun to play and has good realistic fines.pros:> enjoyable simulation> realistic enviroment> fun to playcons:> some journeys can be tedious and take too long"
76561198157118922,Recommended,227300,21649366,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MiniMe,best ever
76561198137407762,Recommended,227300,21651973,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,mikaaa,Fun simulatorGets boring after a whileGraphics could improveOverall recommended
76561198071177242,Recommended,227300,21655429,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,I Can Haz Teh Cookie?,"It's very simple and fun, though as am American, I get confused at times as to which side of the road I need to be on whenever I have to make a turn, sometimes I'm driving on the right side, sometimes I'm driving on the left side. It's weird since here in the U.S you're always driving on the right side of the road.The game itself is relaxing and isn't stressful at all. I personally like 18 Wheelers, this game lets me live that dream of driving these kings of the road. You can also add your own personal playlist and listen to them on the radio, the game has a special file for adding your music into. Pretty nifty."
,Recommended,227300,4788066,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,ClydeThaMonkey,Love it!
,Recommended,227300,7480895,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Putnam,I bought this game less than two weeks ago and I've played it 65 hoursIt's really good if you like this kind of thing (which I do very much)Wait this isn't funny uh uh uh METANFETAMINA ES UNA DROGA DE CAMIONEROS COMPRENDE ES UNA REFERENCIA OSCURO DE BREAKING BAD JAJAJA HABLARON ESPAÑOL Y GUS FRING LLORÓ JAJA(apologies to my spanish teacher)
,Recommended,227300,14079706,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dzaki_2003,can run over peoplecan blocking route in amsterdammake traffic jamcan run over people♥♥♥♥♥♥the women driver is so hot make my♥♥♥♥♥♥grow-the ai make me wanna to suicide9/11 would run over people again
,Recommended,227300,15431401,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ROBSON,Świetna gra a raczej symulator. Polecam każdemu.
,Recommended,227300,21192438,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Random Radio,Yeah. It's fine.
76561198119534500,Recommended,227300,12424245,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,nyt vettu,This is awesome game!
,Recommended,227300,21409882,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,MLB | KICKBACK.COM,helemaal mooi
76561198139062428,Recommended,227300,21521001,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Russian Daddy,The Best Truck Sim.
,Recommended,227300,21883281,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,RacerGuy91239,It was cool I guess.
,Recommended,227300,21769638,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,David,Best game ever !
,Recommended,227300,13291888,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,swi7ch,Fun way to relax in beautiful landscape of many countries and yeah its a great game.P.S dont drvie to fast may end up up-side dwn ;)
,Recommended,227300,17500672,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,430,"so fun to play this, roam around, delivery a package and got 40k euro"
76561198062023259,Recommended,227300,11109452,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Thunderkicker,I would love to recommend this to anyone who loves trucks.
,Recommended,227300,13664072,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sigmoar,Best truck sim 10/10
,Recommended,227300,12343233,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,s W o l e,10/10 would truck again
,Recommended,227300,13165162,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Acko,"Passed 4 red lights, no ticket. Passed 1 orange light, -350 €10/10 best sim ever"
76561198156858159,Recommended,227300,17397897,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Ninja Papa™,some of the best games i have ever played :)
,Recommended,227300,16956815,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,侍酒师,"The best and only trucking simulator ever created. It has all the necessary components to help impersonate a real trucker and feel all the emotions while taking long hauls, sleeping, filling your truck etc. Moreover, the additional equipement like wheel with gears and pedals makes it more realistic. Unlike any other simulators of this category, this has the best graphics, physics and immersion level. Everything here is about reality and developers make update regularly to make this game more perfect than perfect, I have to say these words, yes... Multiplayer modification for this game is only in Alpha stage and only minority of functions is available, however, in time, I think we will see great effort turned into presenting the reality in more than one way."
76561198050084027,Recommended,227300,13491931,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Celtic Bhoy David,"Where to start.  Well, I enjoy SIM games (already play Football Manager and Roller Coaster Tycoon 3) and I enjoy trucks, so when I saw Euro Truck SIM 2 and saw the clips of the game, I thought I'd give it a try, especially when I saw it on sale at under $4 so I thought ""why not?"".  Glad I didn't pass it up as the game is superb and is HIGHLY addictive.  I've had the game since Thursday now and I've already put in a good amount of hours.The game is massive.  You start off as a driver for hire in a city of your choosing, and you choose jobs to build up money (or just take out a bank loan if you're impatient) to get your own truck to start up your own business.  You can choose from DAF, Scania, Iveco, Volvo, and more, for your trucks, you can hire drivers, buy more trucks, buy other depots...all the things you can do in a real life truck business you can do in this game.The actual driving part of the game is VERY realistic and the game does a fantastic job of making you feel like you're driving a truck.  You drive at night, through the day, in the rain, when it's sunny, have to take a break every 10 hours or so....honestly, it's very realistic to real life trucking.I cannot think of a negative thing to say about this game, so if you love trucks and you love SIM games then this HAS to be on your list.  You will not regret it."
76561198000237795,Recommended,227300,17406107,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,kyvitti84,very fun. very simple controls. i started using the keyboard until i purchased a cheap steering wheel. so much more fun when you get all your pedals and wheel configured.
,Recommended,227300,17412751,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Zayne,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 - a near replica of real life 'trucking' which can be enjoyed by those who choose to relax after a long working day and feel as though they need a drive going from Aberdeen, Scotland to Paris, France. The next day they may want to move from Paris, France to Stockholm, Sweden and they may repeat this cycle for weeks on end; in other words, this simulator is a game that is addictive and relaxing for anybody.The simulator comes with excellent graphics and gameplay, the feeling of driving an actual truck is there but not all the way there. When driving a truck, your body can feel the vibrations and movement which is not replicated in this simulator, even with a steering wheel. Furthermore, no simulator can be too large. This game misses out on a lot of important details and sections of Europe itself, mainly focusing on the Western European countries as opposed to the Eastern European countries such as Russia.The game also accepts various mods and outside content to be implemented into the game, making for a better experience depending on what the content is. It could be a graphics upgrade, additional trucks, better lighting - anything which makes Euro Truck Simulator 2 feel more approachable by it's users, having the ability to perform actions which they wouldn't in numerous other games. The idea that users can share their mods with others on various forums makes for an excellent community spirit.Despite having minor problems which could be described as rather petty problems made on my behalf, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is the greatest simulator to date and I encourage all readers to play this game and enjoy it.Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,227300,17413346,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Alt3ir,"Amazing simulator, this is one of the most relaxing game i've ever played. Usually that kinds of games is too boring for me to play, but in here i have both - fun and relax :). Watching my ""truck-transport"" business grow is really great."
,Recommended,227300,17404502,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Nobody4life,"It ain't your super action game but it defently ain't bad. It might be the best game I ever played when I wan't to play something chill but yet nice to have the ability to create and run an company. It isn't just driving, it is more and better.10/10 And I'm not long ready with playing it."
,Recommended,227300,16487220,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DENAHOM CAIKN,"Alright. Here's the deal. You may be finding yourself saying, ""Why would someone want to play a truck driving simultion game?"" Well, since it's super cheap now, buy it and do the following:Use a controller, get a good podcast going in the background (if you're into scary stories, try the Nosleep podcast!) then start playing. It's super relaxing and it's really a beautiful game.When you hit that ETS2 zen, you'll thank me. I promise."
,Recommended,227300,10759764,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,chronchrome,Good game
76561198025008206,Recommended,227300,16205881,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Tyr_Arcana,I want to hate this game. But I keep playing it regardless. What is wrong with me?
,Recommended,227300,16485401,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,gemgeds,"A great, realistic game - definitely didn't expect to play this for as many hours as I already have, much less plan to continue on. Great take on the management gaming platform and progression/personal development throughout gameplay is well produced and managed. Definitely recommend for those who enjoy management and driving games, as this is a superb combination of the two"
76561198138929893,Recommended,227300,15321463,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Orbisonia,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is one of truly one of the best games I've ever played. I have over 600 hours into it already, and don't think I'll be burnt out on it any time soon. The developers, SCS Software, provide regular FREE updates to the game. They are currently working on finalizing a new map extension, new truck and still working on a brand new game. The game goes on sale often, but in my opinion, is still worth the full price."
,Recommended,227300,17529781,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,KrystalMath,"In a world where many simulator games are pretty much jokes at this point, I find peace that I have discovered this rare gem of a game. It restores my sanity to know that not all developers are out there to suck every penny out of your wallet. Euro Truck Simulator 2 is fantastic as a base game, and the DLC is really not required unless you are interested in expanding the map so you can drive in Scandanavia or Eastern Europe.The game is pretty simple. You deliver different cargoes all over Europe to make money, buy your own truck, and expand your empire. I know, it sounds boring and terribly bland, but I assure you it's quite the opposite.There's just something about hauling heavy cargo all over the map and praying that you don't clip that car on that turn because you'll incure that annoying 400 euro fine, not to mention that it might even damage your cargo. At that point, you can bid farewell to your already small profit. Or the adrenaline rush when you know you took that turn too hard and your trailer is moments away from tipping over, which would only result in you blocking the way and having the regular cars honk at you, as if you could do anything about it. It's relaxing (and cheaper than therapy).There's loads (no pun intended) of options to customize your truck. There is also a really active modding community in which you can find tons of different maps, trucks, and cargoes.I haven't found many bugs, and the developers are wonderful. They still come out with updates even though this game was released nearly 3 years ago.It is best played with a racing wheel or gamepad, the keyboard is rather unrealistic and not nearly as much fun. The graphics are beautiful. I love watching sunrises and sunsets in this game as they are simply stunning, even if you don't have a great graphics card (like myself).Euro Truck Simulator 2 is an amazing game. I really do recommend purchasing the DLC, despite my previous statements. It adds new cities so you can explore to your heart's desires. Also, it helps to support the devs who have been working very hard to make quality games like this.~Krystal~"
76561197995565492,Recommended,227300,12976839,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,farevildee,as a trucker myself the is really close to what its like to be a driver always enjoyed the game would recommend to anyone one and the best part is its available for linux and i wish more games like this were available on linux also
,Recommended,227300,15283289,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,SafiyUllah95,Best Truck Driving Game !
,Recommended,227300,17617124,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Killah_Streets,extremely good game
,Recommended,227300,15293449,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,DapperDuff,"I have had so much fun with ETS2, it adds onto the realistism when you have a wheel, clutch and pedals...soo awesome..."
,Recommended,227300,15426851,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,JalJad,"As boring and monotonous as it may seem to drive a truck all around Europe working as a truck driver, there's something about this game that makes it enjoyable and makes me want to come back for more every time.. Definitely worth the price, hours of fun."
76561198046122930,Recommended,227300,13594685,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,2Number9s,"Its an amzaing game, has great graphics, runs pretty well, just gets a bit boring after a long enough drive.p.s. if you are getting this for multiplayer, like i did, make sure to get a decent profile started in single player first, then use it in multiplayer, youll probably be paying a lot more in multiplayer for repairs due to lag and what appears to be blind 6 year olds driving"
76561198054600071,Recommended,227300,12416184,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Cheddar Cheese,Great simulator and game. For some reson it is really really fun (in a calming way.). Hundreds of hours of play time and often on sale. The only problem is sometimes it can get very frustrating. Ecspecally when you crash and you get stuck so you have to quit the job your doing or sometime the AI game run into you and you get fined. Overall great game but sometimes frustdrating 9.5/10
76561198119466798,Recommended,227300,16479077,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Filch,10/10
76561198097830702,Recommended,227300,8284749,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Manimal,"One of the best games! Some of the scenery is so beautiful it almost makes your game character with no arms cry. This is a game that makes you want to keep playing. You might say ""1 more load then I will quit"". 3 loads later ""1 more load and then I will quit. Don't even think. Get this game now! Also it updates quite frequently.Update: New computer. More updates. Wow this game has improved. Physics seem a bit better. More content now (some of it was licensing). And more mechanics. Still highly recommend this."
,Recommended,227300,14646156,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Indictment,Really nice relaxing game for all :)
,Recommended,227300,14647902,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,{Pol}OVER,good
76561198129200769,Recommended,227300,14648891,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Lemonboy,It's a Truck Sim in Europe yeah
,Recommended,227300,14652065,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,K4M1L,"Amazing, relaxing game.Gather a crew and it will be even better on multiplayer!"
76561198132522469,Recommended,227300,14660329,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SWEDISH SADIST (RAIDER),Bra spel men det följer med ett virus när man ska ladda ner det tror att det hände i senaste uppdateringen men vet inte riktigt. man behöver tabort steam och sedan ladda ner det om det fixas så är det grymt.
,Recommended,227300,14680090,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Fury Angel,You can't become a truck driver till you can play this on hardcore setting. 11/10
,Recommended,227300,14695536,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,playin sum shit,Highway Simulator 201510/10
76561198039416308,Recommended,227300,14698957,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Thomas Paine,Hilariously addictive.A great game and sim experience.
,Recommended,227300,14717083,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Brkö,Best simulation
,Recommended,227300,14734200,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,FreeGiGi,sweet.....i love it
,Recommended,227300,14757666,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,CHAPULLA,Playing it from the beginning and still on road:) A game that never ends. Best driving simulator game ever created.
,Recommended,227300,14758256,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Thuggiestylez,very fun game very addictive gets boring sometimes but its an overall interesting game and developement And the Scandinavian DLC is on its way sometime this year (i hope) so its going to be interesting
76561198026360528,Recommended,227300,14791088,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,(Cdn)Phil,With so many mods and multiplayer this game has it all lots of open road and AI traffic that drives you mad. Supports Wheels and controllers.  just look at my hours in this game..... I think it says it all
76561198087648086,Recommended,227300,14808074,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,☛ GigaAjz!ッ☚,I would like to say that this game is awesome for those who wanna chill and take it easy sometimes...Gameplay is 10/10 and the only thing i do miss is more trafic and maybe some pedestrians...
76561198110860187,Recommended,227300,14828765,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Danish,"Got a loan from the bank bought a truck, crashed the truck, repaired the truck for a lot of money, crashed into a car again and did a barrel roll, bank need my money, repaired the truck, bank wants money, no money, go into debt in game, lost job in real life, 2 banks want my money, no money, ask for money, get money, still playing this game to get out of debt100/10 Would Lose All My Money AgainAI Needs Improvement"
,Recommended,227300,20335907,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,vMetzey,"Great game to just sit back and relax while playing! Note - Texting and driving in real life is bad. Texting and driving in Euro Truck Simulator 2 is also bad. Many, many repair bills!"
,Recommended,227300,20365866,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,whollings077,Very Fun Game:0 Though I Wish You Knew Weather your Were in a small Town or a huge City
,Recommended,227300,20209724,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,▸Yen◂,My dream is to be a truck driver now :)
,Recommended,227300,18937526,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Danonek956,very good :D
76561198078210399,Recommended,227300,19518526,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SwodyBird,"The German word for highway exit is ""Ausfahrt."" I think that says it all.10/10 would Ausfahrt again"
,Recommended,227300,19536916,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,SAF,"This is amazing game, but maybe this is the contra the drivers in ets 2 dont know how to drive i often to get fine because of that... They hit me then i pay their fine11/10 would get fine again"
,Recommended,227300,19544383,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ionut,recomand
,Recommended,227300,19546799,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Inarus,"You'll get some funny remarks playing this game, but ignore the ignorant. You certainly don't need any interest in trucks - though I'm sure enthusiasts will love it - rather this is a game about driving and watching the world go by and in that, it is theraputic, relaxing and engrossing - at least until a Mini pulls out in front of you and you get fined..."
,Recommended,227300,19530742,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,SpiralJew,"Drive truck, look at phone, dead. Best game if you have allot of free time and enjoy the terrible European roads."
76561198149706479,Recommended,227300,19567886,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Tom,"Rolls trailer, destroys cargo, causes hundreds of thousands in property damage, comes 2 days late, smashes 9 cars (probably killed all the people inside it)......TOLERABLE10/10 IGN would play again"
,Recommended,227300,19959485,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,✪ storm,Really nice game like it!But ETS2 NEEDS MORE TUNING DLC'S! :DAnd maybe new trucks like the renault range t or the MAN Euro 6
76561198092224090,Recommended,227300,19960914,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Snoop-Owl,"Crashed at 150 K/H. Got a ding sound with a 99% Damage, not even a single scratch.10/10 would bump into other trucks again."
,Recommended,227300,27910453,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nano,never thought i'd see myself playing this game.but it happened.im now the greatest russian trucker of all time.c y k a    b l y a t.
,Recommended,227300,19973100,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Laur,Awesome game if you play multiplayer!
76561198029567553,Recommended,227300,19973391,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,There is no spoon,ETS2 is like Skyrim with trucks and the only place where you can drive 22t gas pipe while drunk as a cork.
76561198149412564,Recommended,227300,19974732,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Lenny the Tennis Ball,One the best games I ever played!
,Recommended,227300,20245166,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Vladimir Putin,"car crashes into my truck, got fined €400.11/10 dont trust the system"
,Recommended,227300,20252436,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Pixels,"This game ain't just a boring game, you can mod it as much as u like and there are thousands of mods out there for u to customise. Also, it ain't always a singleplayer mode, with euro truck simulator 2 multiplayer, you can join thousands of other people online delivering and hauling goods while doing convoys. Or you can have some fun by trolling your friends."
,Recommended,227300,20216830,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SWoRDwORth420,"+ euro map+ nice looking graphic+ truck from famouse brands+ good multiplayer system, u can order luggage from web of multiplayer and get it in game- still bug- over time will be borednice game8/10"
,Recommended,227300,20217344,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,NightRider,"If you ever get bored of hauling cargo, it doubles perfectly fine as Truck Racing Simulator 2 but with amazing scenery. Just make sure you know how to use handbrake in very sharp corners. And don't be shy to use emergency stop lane for those extra insane overtakings at 175kmph. Have fun! :D10/10Would pay €55,000 in speeding tickets again."
,Recommended,227300,14849200,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,LegendaryFoe,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is simply the best simulator I have played in a very long time.  It's engaging simulation and eye-catching graphics is hard to ignore, and it boasts a large scaled map of the entirety of Europe.  It includes licensed trucks from over 8 brands, including Volvo and Iveco.  In the end, this is a game that should not be ignored.  If you have the money, get it."
,Recommended,227300,14854692,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Diogo Saraiva,"Maybe the best driving simulator, and the best part for me: is available for mac....---UPDATE---I discovered a new best realistic driving simulator: City Car Driving...But i'm exciting for the release of the next Euro Truck Simulator: ""American Truck Simulator"""
,Recommended,227300,14856915,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,♔$ticK♔,Really ..just a game to relax in :D
76561198033502228,Recommended,227300,14578104,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Joey,"Very great game, you think about just one delivery and then you play for hours!Lots of different trucks and tons of cargo to transport.Give it 10/10!!!"
76561198210156352,Recommended,227300,14592677,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,jamesmooney229,very good best trucking game out there can not whait to see what it is like whith my g27 100/100
,Recommended,227300,14602915,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Return Of Woody,"cant be arsed to go outside and flag down a lorry or even find a random one to drive, then this is the game you want, pointless driving make sure u hav a radio station works, and watch for hitchhikers, good game if you driver through the mission for the rest of your life"
76561198108115526,Recommended,227300,14604417,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,xPepi,"I wake up in the morning on Saturday early because I'm used to my work schedule.I take a look outside and everything is covered in snow.  Check the forecast and it's -30 outside.I go into the kitchen and make coffee or tea, depending on what I'm feeling that day.Power up the PC, push my Sim Rig infront of the screen and load up ETS 2.Turn on spotify with my favourite acoustic music or simply chillout instrumental.Sip my hot brew...Pick a destination, make sure my truck is fueled and repaired from my previous trip.Set out on a 1500km journey which takes a fraction of the time.I see stunning landscapes in 3-4 different countries, pause whenever I want, change music whenever I want, go to the kitchen for a refill and so forth.To be honest...there really isn't a better early morning or later at night before bed than ETS 2...It's not for everyone but if you enjoy limitless hours of playability, beautiful landscapes, very little traffic, open roads, nice music (you choose what you want), did I mention stunning landscapes?The only thing that will make this game better now is the following;1) Expansions2) ATS (american truck sim)3) Oculus Rift4) Potentially better graphics but they are quite good as is5) literally thousands of MODS on the webThe good news is....all the things I just mentioned are actually going to happen. This is not a wish list that will never come to be.I picked up this game on a 85% discount over Christmas.  I would pay full price for it knowing now how much I enjoy it.If you won't take my word for it, wait for a sale, try it for yourself like I did.Note: Best enjoyed with proper peripherals ie: wheel/pedals/shifterIf you need more convincing...There are countless players with over a 1000 hours of logged time on this.My only goal now, is to be able to back up and park the truck with it's cargo and into it's designated spots without having to use an outside of the truck camera view to do it.  Perhaps the Oculus will aid me in this quest."
76561198084380823,Recommended,227300,14613003,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,End3rman,"This is an amazing game, i would recommend anyone to at least give it a try, although the AI is irritating at times (pulling out in front of me and then slamming on the brakes)."
,Recommended,227300,14616251,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,th3Sup3rSav1or,this game is one of the best truck simulators you can buy at the moment ! I freaking love this game !
,Recommended,227300,14634835,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Danthe,Boooooring
76561198029657903,Recommended,227300,14342976,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,RM1985,"This is probably (it is) the best truck simulator ever made and the perfect game for all of us, who always dreamed about being a trucker. But most people are not made for this kinda job, because you're always on the road and don't come home very often. But now, we all can be on the road AND being at home at the same time!I clearly remember, when I first played something similar to this truck simulator . It was, when I played the ""hauling missions"" in GTA: San Andreas, this was the first time I had huge fun driving a big truck and delivering cargo over long distances. The only difference in ETS 2 is, you don't have all of the cops of San Andreas on your♥♥♥♥♥;).The game is just very beautiful, especially the graphics, it's very detailed, you don't have just the roads you're driving on, but also very detailed landscapes with meadows & bushes, fields, trees & forests, mountains, lakes & rivers and also cities and villages you are passing by, construction sites, rest stops, gas stations, industrial areas, wind turbines, electricity pylons as well as birds, airplanes and hot air balloons decorating the sky. Further you can see lots of other things beside the road, like working people and machines, cows & horses. The graphics also contains beautiful light- and shadow-effects, reflections and a nice weather system with sun, rain, thunder & lightning, fog and more.You have several countries of Europe to explore, such as Germany, England, France, Italy, Scotland, Wales, The Netherlands, Belgium, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria and Switzerland, with thousands of kilometers of roads to drive along. On the map you have over 80 european cities to see with lots of recognizable sights and places.The gameplay is also very well done, you just feel, like you are really driving a 40 ton truck, even when you, just like me, never driven a truck yourself. It is not very easy at the beginning, but when you progress in the game, you get better and better as you understand the mechanics of the game and get to know the different handlings of the trucks better and get more experienced in driving them.But you'll always have to pay attention to the road, because there is always something happening. If it's a slow truck trying to overtake another slow truck, someone before you has to do an emergency braking, because there's an accident on the road, you can't see far ahead, because of the heavy fog laying over the road or some moron cuts you, doesn't give way or changes lanes, when you're right next to him, which often results in an accident. But you don't just have to keep an eye on other vehicles, but also on the road itself, that you don't damage your cargo, when you are parking your truck backwards or have to  take a tight turn, especially when it's raining, then the roads are slippery as hell. Cause if you drive too fast into a tight turn, your truck will overturn!Furthermore you'll have to observe the traffic regulations, otherwise you must pay fines for speeding, driving without light, causing a collision, crossing a red light, driving on the wrong side of the road or driving the wrong way.Then you have a huge variety in the game, not just many different road surfaces, like concrete, several types of asphalt or sometimes gravel roads, but also lots of various cars on the roads other than tucks. And although the cars are not licenced, you will recognize BMW, Mercedes, Mini, Land Rover, Volkswagen, Opel and many more.You have 7 different truck manufacturers in the game like Scania, Iveco, Renault, Volvo, MAN, DAF and Majestic, which represents Mercedes. But all trucks are very detailed and look like the real trucks. You can also drive to a nearby workshop, where you can modify your trucks in lot of different ways, like engine, transmission, tyres, exhausts, sun visors, interiors, RHD/LHD, lights, chassis, many different painjobs and so on. If your truck is damaged, you can get it repaired there, too.What's kinda funny, is when you first go to England and forget to drive on the other side of the road and wonder, why is there oncoming traffic on the RIGHT side, which in England is the WRONG side. But even funnier is to drive with a RHD-truck on the left side, feels like everything is mirrored.At the beginning of your trucker career you start with nothing and have to take jobs from other companies to earn money for your future emerging business. It takes a while, before you have enough money to buy your first little garage and your first own truck, but from this day on, you run your own company! At first, you're just a one-man-business, but now that you are a independent trucker, you can earn more money, buy new trucks at a local truck dealer, extend your garage, buy new garages and most important of all, hire drivers for your company, when visiting an employment agency near you.With every job, that you deliver, you'll receive experience points (XP), the better the job, the more valuable the cargo, the longer the distance, the more XP you'll get. When you have collected enough XP, you will rise in your rank. With every new rank, you can gain skill points in several skills, like ADR, long distance, high-value cargo, fragile cargo, just-in-time delivery and eco driver. With the acquisition of a skill point, you will receive better jobs to deliver, either more hazardous material, longer distance deliveries or cargo of higher value. Additional you will get more XP with every skillpoint you achieve respectively increasing your fuel savings with eco driver, which also saves money on the gas station. And of course, you can also level up your drivers, as they collect enough skillpoints to reach a higher level, so that they bring in more money and increase your company's income.In my nearly 200 hours of gameplay so far, I'm currently at week 20 of my career, driven over 120.000 kilometers, explored 92% of the map and reached rank 44. I own 17 large garages and one small garage, 86 trucks and have 86 employed drivers, 48 men & 38 women, my 7-day-profit amount to 3.000.000 € (3.426.300 $). Although I played this game for so long, there is still ONE city, I haven't been yet. It's Dijon in France, will visit it soon.Concluding I can honestly say, this is one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played, because it's just so much fun, even after 200 hours of playing. This is another good thing about this game, it's a long term game to play, because there is so much to see and to explore. Of course, europe isn't rebuilt in scale 1:1 with all roads and stuff and the cities are not full accessible, but that was never the goal of the game, it is about delivering cargo across europe over long distances to lots of different cities, that's why you only have the most important routes in there and the important areas of the cities, where the big companies are. That is what you do, you deliver cargo from one company in one city to another one in another city.And even though the game ist out for over 2 years now, the developers are still bringing new content to the game to make it even better and bigger, with regular updates and fixes and also a new DLC of scandinavia coming up. I also hope, that they will add the other missing parts of europe, so that we on one day can go all across europe, to every single country and almost every big city."
76561198041956786,Recommended,227300,4797395,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,Sal & Al Italian Massage,This game is literally better than chocolate cake.
76561198042655952,Recommended,227300,17427186,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Finally,"If you enjoy mindlessly driving hours a day, getting speeding tickets for going 3 mph over, and rear ending idiotic npc's. This is definitely the game for you"
76561198215514692,Recommended,227300,16730293,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,AdmiralGeneralAlex,"Simply put, this is the best game I have ever played. I like cars and I like simulation games so this is perfect for me, I love the realism and I think this game has the perfect balance of realistic and non-realistic attributes. My only complaint is that the AI traffic is very annoying and seems to always get in the way, but regardless I definitely reccomend this game to anyone who is into cars and wants to try something new. 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,17496734,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,LorDLorDLorD,<3
,Recommended,227300,17015266,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,conzilla12,Love this game! :) 10/10
,Recommended,227300,10905393,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Elder muttingham,I have spent so much timy on this really highly detailed game and I'm sure I have many more left to do <3
,Recommended,227300,13540714,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Hypebart,I wonder why I can't stop playing...
76561198056229299,Recommended,227300,16497432,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Wayne,"I bought it on a whim thinking it wouldn't be too much of a waste of money, it's amazing. It took me 8 jobs before I could park a trailer in less time than the driving. 10/10 Would struggle with reverse parking again."
,Recommended,227300,15801521,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Massty [FR],Awesome!
,Recommended,227300,16478969,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Br3nDan,ITS OK
,Recommended,227300,12045629,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,f(LouSlash`)=0,"It's just great truck simulator where you can travel almost entire Europe. And it's even more fun, when playing with ETS2MP mod"
76561198006146648,Recommended,227300,13443384,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ankua,"Best trucking simulation out there in my opinion. The game has one of the best support teams I have came in contact with. The after launch development is second to none. The best part of it all is the modding community, they are very active and creative. Big plus in my book for any game. I cannot see a reason not to buy this game at the discount price."
,Recommended,227300,17070446,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,♠Rosso65♠,Its cool
76561198073964958,Recommended,227300,16946897,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,mks,God        - Good Game!  The Game have Singel Player and Multiplayer. Cool Trucks and DLC..Not god - To many DLC and it cost so ♥♥♥♥ing much!
76561197997841668,Recommended,227300,16898448,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,DarkArtGod,"yeah didn't really think i would get into this game.... then i couldn't stop playing . the world is huge and the driving is fun. its a pretty basic driving sim overall with alot work into the finer details you normally dont pay attention too.. overall i suggest grabbing it when its on sale because this game is a sleeper you might think you wouldn't enjoy but can end up playing for days straight,,, cant wait to get american truck simulator"
76561198041796005,Recommended,227300,16875040,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,[RNA] Nymann 1st/ Leader,"I think if you have your friends with you, and you really drive a convoy 15/10!"
,Recommended,227300,7843493,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,MrRebellion,Awsome must play :)
,Recommended,227300,14580050,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Buidalot,ETS2 and simulators arn't for the faint of heart but if you're one to love simulators I highly reccomend ETS2 the 100+ hours I have into it doesn't feel like 100+ hours cause time just get's away from you. it's very relaxing besides the boneheaded AI at times and if you download the MultiPlayer mod watch out for idiots but other than that it's a great simulation. I have been playing SCS games for quite a while going all the way back to the origional 18WOS but the cream of the crop is ETS2 in my book.
76561198082469462,Recommended,227300,13633965,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Albanian_Trademark,"If this was a patato sim, it would be a good patato sim"
,Recommended,227300,20227921,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,mcguigo 🔰,TOP!!
76561198143271258,Recommended,227300,13231563,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,The Cabin,"2 Steam Awards 2016 wins (from 2 nominations). I mean, how could a truck game win such prestigious awards? Just like Donald Trump - it's a good game, even if you hate to admit it.Just try not to riot and burn down servers, thank you."
76561197991641539,Recommended,227300,13610764,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,๖S;T;E;A;L;T;H๖,"Have You ever dreamed about being a freelancer, to allow Your passion simply explode in euphoria? To feel Your beautiful Truck so close that you can actually feel like you are one? To see an indescribably entrancing view passing by through the windows of your comfortable cabin? If driving is a euphoric feeling of pure freedom, and You’re controlling Your Truck like You’re having sex with a woman of Your dreams…Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a perfect game for You.Pros:Great balance of logistics, realism and graphics.Wide choice of licensed brands of Trucks.Well-made modification system.Tremendous graphics.Detailed traffic rules.Wide spectrum of possibilities.Cons:Questionable physics.Ignorant AI.Rather weak optimization.I give this game: 9/10"
,Recommended,227300,17475967,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,KittyKat💕,"What can i say? The best truck simulator available. Must buy for any simulator freak out there. :)And with DLC content available + mod things, you can further expand your enjoyment.A true Masterpiece, i give it 10/10."
76561198041810989,Recommended,227300,4784198,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,TheGentleman,Why is this game so fun?!
,Recommended,227300,31944896,Posted: 24 May,all,AnimalMother/Egdod,Fun game and greatt way to relax
,Recommended,227300,31087167,Posted: 11 April,all,EWhiteside,"I'm not usually a review guy, neither a DLC buyer or a Simulator Player. All of which I can usually complain about for hours. However, Euro Truck Simulator 2... is just amazing. Truly customizable and full of accuracy! Sometimes it can be a tad boring, but the French DLC adds morew variety. ProMods also contribute to this. Truck customization is amazing! Especially with the cheap DLC such as Mighty Griffin and Wheel Tuning!. Workshop Integration is also a great thing!.Get this game whtn its like £3, pick up some DLC Too!"
,Recommended,227300,13938232,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ethan02,This a game is top of all simulators in my opnion the truck physics are outstanding not to mention how good some of the roads you drive down look. This game is beautiful and is relaxing to play 10/10
,Recommended,227300,31651146,Posted: 9 May,all,moose meat,i love europe
76561198104769284,Recommended,227300,19829122,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,13cwhel,"AS FAR AS I AM AWARE, THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER!"
,Recommended,227300,9912530,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Arakan Shriek,"One of the most addictive games I've played yet. It's so engrossing to sit back with your mouse and keyboard while listening to a podcast or the radio or other things like that. The graphics and scenery are amazing, and it is a truly difficult game. Trying to balance the speeding tickets with making it to the destination on time can be a stressful bliss that keep me coming back again and again. Especially the part of building a Trucking Empire, where I keep buying more and more trucks and hiring more and more people and sending them out of more and more garages is insanely fun."
76561198077216270,Recommended,227300,13663121,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Markohl77,"I honestly didn´t understand how this game could be so popular other than thinking the grafics aren´t that bad for a simulator. After buying it on sale I was positively suprised just how relaxing and fun this game is. Besides the good graphics the game offers quite a lot of customisation options and gameplay diversity.I would definately recommend this game, it´s perfect for winding down after a stressful day.  :)"
76561198166351973,Recommended,227300,17348271,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,PJ Dunham,"“:::::::::::::::/::::::/::::::::::::::::\:::::::::::::::-,::-,::”-, ::::::\::::\:\...... ... ...,-“:::::,-“:::/:::::/::::::/:|:::::::::::::::::\::::::::::::::::\::::\::\,”-,... ... .,-“:::::::/:::::|:::::|:::::::|:|::::::::::::::::::\\:::::::::::::|:|:::::\:::\::\... ... /::::::::::|::::::|:::::|\::::::\:\::::::::::::::::::||::::::::::::|:/::::::|::::|::\... .../::::::::::::\:::::::\::::'\”-,::::\:\,:::::::::::::::|:|::::::::::,//::::::/::::|:::'|... ../::::::::::::::'\::::::\-,:::”-,”-,::\-,”-,,:::::::::/: |::::::,-“//::::::/:::::/::,,-'... ./:::::::::::::::::”,-,,::\|”~-,,\,:”~-\”: :”-,::::/: :/:::,-“: :/::,-“/:::,-“:::/... /::::::::::::::::::/,__”-,\: : ,,-~”,”',-,: : :\:/: :/:,-“,-~,”-,”:/:,,-“:,-//'... |:::::::::::::::::/:o:::o: :,,-“/. ,-“:\.|: : : : “: -'”:/./,--,”\.'|”/::::::|-“...|::::::/:::::::::/::/|:::|.\: : \.|'|¯;|..|.|: : : : : : : :|.||;;;|././:|:::|:::|...|::|:::|::::::::/::'-I':::'-,': : '\'\'~'_/,/: : : : : : ,: :'-'-¯-'~': |:::|:::|...|::|:::|::::::::/::::|:::::'|: : : “' ¯: : : : : : : : : :\: : : : : : /::::'\::|...|::|:::|:::::::/:::::|:::::'\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :': : : : : :/::::::|::|... \:|:::|::::::|::::::|::::::|,: : : : : : : : : :__,: : : : : : :,-“:::::::|::|... .'\|::|::::::|::::::||::::::\'~,: : : : : : : :'--~': : : : ,,~”\:::::::::|:/... ...'\:|:::::|::::::/.|::::::|: : “~,: : : : : : : : ,,-~,”::::::'\:::::::|:/... ... .\\:::::|”~,/-,|:::::::|: : : : ¯”~,-,,,-~”:::,,-'\::::::::\-,,_:|/... ... ..',\,::|~--'-~\:::::::|: : : : : : |::|,,-~”¯___\::::::::\... .'|... ..,~”': : \|: : : : : \::::::|: : : : : : |¯”'~~”~,”,: : \:::::::|... /..,-“: : : : : :|: : : : : :\::::::|: : : : : : \: : : : : : “~'-,:\::::::|\,/..|: : : : : : : |: : : : : : |::::|,\,: : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,-\::::|: \..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : |::::|:'-,\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-'\,|: :|...\ : : : : : : : : : :'\: : :\:::|: : '\'\: : : : :~,,: : : : : : : : : “~-',_... \: : : : : : : : : : :\: /:|:/: : : :',-'-,: : : : : “-,: : : : : : : : : : :,/”'-,... .\: : : : : : : : : : :\|: |/: : : ,-“....”-,: : : : : '\: : : : : : : : : ,/.....”-,... ...\: : : : : : : : : : \: |: : ./...........\: : : : : ::\ : : : : : : ,-“..........'\... ... .\ : : : : : : : : : '\': : /..............\: : : : ::/ : : : : :,-“..............|... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : '\:/.................\: : :,::/ : : : : :/................./... ... .....\ : : : : : : : : : \...................\...../.::::: : :/,.......... ...../... ... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : \,_.............._,”======',_..........,-“... ... ... ... \,: : : : : : : : : \: ¯”'~---~”¯: : : : : : : : : :¯”~~,' :\... ... ... ... ..'\,: : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : '\: : : \... ... ... ... ... .\, : : : : : : : : '\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : ::\... ... ... ... ... ...\,: : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :I : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... ..\ : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... ...\\,: : : : : : : , \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : I: : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ... .\\ : : : : : : : :'\ : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ... ./:\: : : : : : : : :'\, : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : ::|... ... ... ... ... ... ... /: : \: : : : : : : : : '\,: : : : : : : : : : : |: : : ::|... ... ... ... ... ... .../: : : '\: : : : : : : : : :'\,: : : : : : : : : :|: : : ::|... ... ... ... ... ... ../: : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : ,\ : : : : : : : : :|: : : ::|... ... ... ... ... ... ,/: : : : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : '\,: : : : : : : |: : : ::|... ... ... ... ... ..,-“: : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : I: : : ::|... ... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : : :\: : : : : I: : : :/... ... ... ... ..,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : :'\: : : :I : : : /... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “-,: : : : : : : : :'\: : :I : : : /... ... ... .../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “-,: : : : : : : : '\: :I : : : /... ... ... ../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : : \,:I : : :/... ... ... ,/: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : :\: : : :/... ... .../-,-,”,,-,~-,,_: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “-,: : : : : :'\: : /... ... ...|',/,/:||:\,\: : : “'~,,~~---,,,_: : : : : : : : : :'\: : : : : ,:\ |... ... ..|: :”: ||: :”: : : : : : :”-,........ ¯¯”''~~~-----~|\: : : : : : \... ... ..|: : : ||: : : : : : : : : : :”-,..........................|: : : : : : :: \|... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,.......................\: : : : : : : :::\... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,\....................,-“\: : : : : : : : ':\... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-\...............,/: : :\: : : : : : : : , \... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \,.........,../: : : : '\: : : : : : : : : |... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \.......,/: : : : ,-~/: : ,: : |: :/: :|... ... ..'|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \~”¯: : : : : |: :|: : /: :/: ,/: | /... ... ...|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : :”-,,_/_,/-~”:|”¯... ... ...|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |... ... ... |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|... ... ... | : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|... ... ... .\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : :::I... ... ... ..\ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :| : : : : : : : : : : : : :: /"
76561198033721398,Recommended,227300,31821847,Posted: 18 May,all,☢ Albert Wesker ☣,best game simulation
,Recommended,227300,31823813,Posted: 18 May,all,Taggrin,"I don't know. This is one of those games I thought I would never enjoy to play but after acquiring it during a sale I actually really enjoy it. Especially after a busy day at work it is really nice to just sit down, turn on the radio and deliver cargo. I highly recommend to get the - unofficial, but well maintained - multiplayer mod (TruckersMP) to make it an even better experience.+ Well polished game+ Huge community+ Huge world to explore, especially with map expansions+ Often on sale with high discount- A bit overkill in DLC- Cities look a bit bland"
,Recommended,227300,14197438,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tom,AMAZING! I love it to bits.
76561198295271478,Recommended,227300,31831043,Posted: 18 May,all,Mine Aver,Would be nice if there was even more tuning ways etc & more trucks
76561197985772087,Recommended,227300,31695442,Posted: 11 May,all,MarnaBiceps-coccodrilloLELE,"Cool game, specially if you have the steering wheel!!!"
76561197992747128,Recommended,227300,31825364,Posted: 18 May,all,Valis,"I love this game. It is the one game I keep returning to, long after I got bored with my other games. Driving long-distance is just so zen..."
76561198141920423,Recommended,227300,14628362,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,TheRedNeck,i love it
,Recommended,227300,14651332,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,W O O D,Drove across the calm landscapes of Poland while listening to Nine Inch Nails10/10
,Recommended,227300,14664080,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Curtis5707 [USA],This game is great and getting better.
76561198045965197,Recommended,227300,14678520,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,bobbyb1965,"I am so addicted to this game.  You can drive any way you want.  Be serious to make money, casual and enjoy the scenery, or drive like a maniac and crash into everyone, as long as you make enough money to repair your truck.And there is more content coming."
,Recommended,227300,14742115,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,RAGEie,"I enjoyed this game alot when i drove the truck to germany cause i needed to deliver some food, it was engaging with the fact i got over 1000$ worth of speeding tickets, and i don't think the drivers on the road were happy when i cut them off, but ♥♥♥♥ them right their AI.I give this a 40outa1000 cause i can't play as walter white."
,Recommended,227300,14639260,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Deadpool,It's a real life truck driving simulator.
,Recommended,227300,31725388,Posted: 13 May,all,Meifex,Good Game
76561198147714351,Recommended,227300,13608813,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Emilebc36,Great Game is a must have !
,Recommended,227300,31773576,Posted: 15 May,all,Chillax,"Fun game. 9/10To play multiplayer you need MP mod, but thats easy to setup.Map is massive and there is alot to explore."
,Recommended,227300,31768921,Posted: 15 May,all,Cameron,This Changed My life Forever
76561198039539808,Recommended,227300,31760003,Posted: 14 May,all,Hibeeze,Just... one... more....job...
,Recommended,227300,14496089,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,4K Dragon,I told myself i'm going to drive normally like the other cars and be professional yet i managed to1. run a red light2. drive into a wall3. rear end someone4.cut somone off5. turn a corner to sharp making my trailer hit a car behind me hitting him off the roadI think my boss is going to fire me
76561198259822085,Recommended,227300,31286641,Posted: 21 April,all,E-664|Cpl.|Mac.D,great game
76561198167403641,Recommended,227300,14458527,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Skylar,this game is cool i enjoy it a lot its really fun
,Recommended,227300,31319856,Posted: 23 April,all,Vernquist,"Great game for transport and truck addict! :D Plenty of trucks, roads, achievements and Workshop support! Possibility of implementing mods! Very very good game - 9,5/10"
76561198090847919,Recommended,227300,31723462,Posted: 13 May,all,coleo,get addicted to a hobby you never wanted and nobody cares about
76561198098027817,Recommended,227300,28079842,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CCT | Daddy^ | ERM,"A must have game for those who love Simulation. 10/10Such Realistic, much WOW."
,Recommended,227300,31750957,Posted: 14 May,all,[   ],Nice game tho !
,Recommended,227300,31742983,Posted: 14 May,all,f0neX #swag,best simulator game! 10/10
,Recommended,227300,31785758,Posted: 16 May,all,Raoul100 hellcase.com,THE BEST GAME EVER!!
76561198167065259,Recommended,227300,18727436,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,42K42K4,THIS IS A GOOD GAME
76561198191456166,Recommended,227300,18724461,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,SKAGENMACKA-LV(⊙ω⊙),awesome verry coooollll!!!!!
76561198312086602,Recommended,227300,31919156,Posted: 23 May,all,Sânge-n pupilă.,"This game is amazing ! There's nothing more to say about this unique experience driving a truck around the world . Even it's a simulator , it's damn good .. But the optimization sucks :s"
76561198128487267,Recommended,227300,31869897,Posted: 20 May,all,TOXIC PLAYER,"please, a DLC on Spain and Portugal It's going to be too AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,227300,31798155,Posted: 16 May,all,Simply Bread,"Extremely detailed and in depth Simulator. Play this while sippin back a cold one with the boys for maximum results :)Seriously though, this has to be one of the best Simulator games out there. Start off with no money and do jobs for others whilst gaining money to buy your own truck and become a freelancer of sorts, great fun! Also has very realistic gas management, HUGE world ( All of Europe ) and many more amazing features. Imo it's a must have for anyone whose been thinking about getting into simulators"
,Recommended,227300,14243360,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kirkinstein,"very realistic game, i'd recomend it to any truck enthuastnot so good with driving myself (with my years of bad experience in driving games) but i have had a lot of fun with this game, i've learned a bit from it and hopefully il be better at it lol."
76561198127393783,Recommended,227300,9505096,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Meusil,Awesome game!! took a bit to figure out the G27 wheel settings wish it was more compatible with the wheel but great game
,Recommended,227300,9803568,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Softie2,"Fun little game to relax on with your own music playing, simple but many hours can be had."
,Recommended,227300,9728467,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,DragonMC,"Ets2 Is About Trucking, Buying Trucks, Getting mods, And Having Fun!"
,Recommended,227300,10706192,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,FlickeY*:),kewl
,Recommended,227300,7830878,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,KennyWah|Ancor,"This game leaves puts other sim titles to shame,It feels realisticIt looks realisticIt has been optimizedIt gets DLCBuy it today and you'll never look back on it."
,Recommended,227300,8122515,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,arunshariharan,"One of the best Simulation games ever made. If you are looking for a game where you don't have to press a dozen buttons in few seconds and adrenaline action stuff but purely sit back, relax and enjoy - this is for you. Amazing details and excellent scenery. I would play this forever. Can't put the damn game down!!!"
76561198021542234,Recommended,227300,7983835,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Your Bullet Wound Hero,"HUGE Recommend, I downloaded this game origonally, logged at least 50+ hours into it then bought it onsale, Totally worth any price expecially with the ""Going east!"" DLCThe mods that are avaliable for it make it all the better as well!Huge recommend!!!!!"
,Recommended,227300,8471447,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Human Music,"7/10Not the type of game for everyone. I enjoy this game. I find it very relaxing. You however, may not...Get during a steam sale for a great price!"
,Recommended,227300,8461955,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Temaelrin,"I personally find this game oddly relaxing, It comes with it's own real life, real radiostations (Internet Streams, so requires a connection to the net) or you can play MP3s and such.I find the driving mechanics to be a little clunky and slow. But then I AM driving a simulated lorry or ""Truck"".It's amazing really how an Indie game can be so well throught out. Truck Simulator 2, SOUNDs boring, and if you're a big fan of action then sure it probably is. But if you're after something to play, and relax to then this is probably a sound investment for you. It was for me. *Actual results may vary.My favourate radio station is EKR Rock Radio."
,Recommended,227300,9143816,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Tomsy Walnut,A great simulator about driving on the wrong side of the road but I wish the trips were longer.
,Recommended,227300,9053490,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Beergrim,"ETS2 is a really good game, immersive, detailed, realistic and easy to get into!I have never really been interested in trucks or trucking before, but the raw feeling of freedom I get when driving that white line, trying to make time up that hill or just cruising inbetween jobs has led me to sneak a peek at trucks in real life - and knowing their names too!"
76561198065263509,Recommended,227300,9331711,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Wet-Simon,Kyllä Scanialla kelepaa!!
,Recommended,227300,9333009,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,George W. Bush,"This is a brilliant game, and doesnt take much to run it!!"
,Recommended,227300,20640630,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,DEFY | ♛XenoGenesisツ,"Oyuna dalıp gidiyorsunuz, bir bakmışsınız saatler geçmiş ama hala sıkılmamışsınız. Ardaka çalan müzik eşliğinde bazen MP, bazen yalnız."
76561198054486172,Recommended,227300,12764943,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,kv3d,Trucks everywhere. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,24009034,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,_TheWildCat,"Best simulator game EVER.  I would give it 9/10.Editing my review while closing up one 300hr's. I will tell you about it.So, first you have like two roads to go. You can either go down the singleplayer or the multiplayer road. I either of them you will have to start a new company, deliver some loads, take a loan, buy a truck and try not to loose it all. The first part will be quite interesting in both of the roads, but it will be harder in multiplayer if you choose a crowded place to start in because there are a lot of people that ram you. Let's say you've gaven back the loan and are running smoothly with a steady amount of money. This is where it changes. In singleplayer you should probably buy another truck and get workers, so you basically don't really need to do much, but in multiplayer you can't have workers (tehnically you can, but they don't do anything) so you probably upgrade your own truck or just buy a new one for yourself. That's about the interesting part.Things that I very much like about this game-*A very nice trucking comunity to interact with, and you can see it in multiplayer (Stuck? No worries, someone will help you even if they break their truck in the end)*Updates pretty reguraly, you get new trucks and lots of other new stuff*It is very relaxing at most of the time. Sit back, listen to music and drive.*You can play it on a potato that is about to fry. When I started to play this game, I had a laptop. Still was very fun.*Lot's of DLC's to get, gotta get them all. And the best part of it is that they don't tease you and put pressure on you to buy them like Ubisoft and EA does.*Mods, lot's of them. Want to drive an Optimus prime with like 3000hp? Yes, you get to do it. Want to drive an Opel? Also possible.At the end, I suggest you buying it but, ofcourse,  it's not for everyone.(Not a native English speaker so I apoligize for mistakes)"
,Recommended,227300,23500240,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ThomasPlaysOfficial,"Very good game.Now, about a year after posting this review, im going to add on.So, the modability is amazing, with easy mod installing and a steam workshop. The TruckersMP Mod is great, adding multiplayer to ets.Standard map is ok,along with Going East but the Scandinavia and Vive La France (dont have it but know its amazing) addon maps are AWESOME!Now, onto the actual base game, ignoring mods and dlc.The standard game is good, with a huge variety of trucks, tons of cities and garages, and a lot of realism. You can stop for fuel, get damage (not visible, because of some deal stuff between truck brand and scs thats a whole different story) One of my accounts are already level 1946, with a balance of €996,945,334, a lot of trucks, most of the garages and mods (TONS OF THEM)Gameplay 10/10Features 06/10My overall scoring 9.5/10Good game for playing when bored, but some features are missing that would make it 10"
,Recommended,227300,30321434,Posted: 4 March,all,$mokeWeed,it a good game when you just want sit back and relax just start your engine and enjoy the driving around the world
76561198149955766,Recommended,227300,31029182,Posted: 8 April,all,Notorious,Great game for a little R&R
,Recommended,227300,12374910,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Juan Martinez,"An amazing game. I've played it on both windows and linux and it works beutifully on both :DIt looks amazing, the physics are amazing. In short this game is amazing!"
,Recommended,227300,19856320,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Jakk Rabbyt,"Ya know, I really like this game. But at this point in time, I honestly couldn't care less if the game is good or complete trash. Because I'm dipping a cherry flavored candy cane into a giant can of cherry Kool-Aid mix, and it is the most delicious and unhealthy thing I've done in a long time. 10/10.The game is probably about a 5/7."
,Recommended,227300,33012310,Posted: 29 June,all,DimitarPlays,The best game on steam. Hands down.
,Recommended,227300,7744820,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Adam Wright,"I love this game, if you like to play casual games it is for you. I have spent 100 hours on it so far and loved every moment. 5 Star would buy."
,Recommended,227300,33537975,Posted: 14 July,all,heroafshin,nice game. a really similar space for driving.👍👍👍
76561198102959610,Recommended,227300,15012855,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Mynorskull,I drive like a drunk guy and didnt get a real job 10/10
76561198361464639,Recommended,227300,32752123,Posted: 24 June,all,DerekTrotter,"Very fun, and addicting"
,Recommended,227300,13527339,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,B.Ro,"Driving around Europe, more open than a drunk teenager20/10 Would Buy Again"
76561198386587462,Recommended,227300,31723018,Posted: 13 May,all,targaryen123,Very Nice Game.
76561198294649715,Recommended,227300,33555993,Posted: 15 July,all,Mad!,nice game
76561198180836034,Recommended,227300,33573847,Posted: 15 July,all,magvearn,"its really, really relaxing. No killing or bloody leaderboards to think of. Recommended"
76561198299794892,Recommended,227300,33561539,Posted: 15 July,all,DeVeCi,Add Turkish Map pls Dlc or something just add we want it
76561198053520906,Recommended,227300,5650593,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,Penguin,Best Simulator I've played so far XD 10/10
76561198145934438,Recommended,227300,22025448,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,zMDNT,"Obviously, graphics are amazing. So is this game."
76561197977407143,Recommended,227300,11149609,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,cmdresnullius,Fun driving semi-simulation.  Why not ?
76561197994737753,Recommended,227300,11140589,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Just_Jon,"Just do it, simple!"
,Recommended,227300,33563935,Posted: 15 July,all,xhkmx,Recommended.
,Recommended,227300,33583880,Posted: 16 July,all,無限の剣製,"I first wonder why people said this is a great game, but now I understand. It's not something you can express through words."
76561198112570945,Recommended,227300,33557173,Posted: 15 July,all,Fischer,Best simulator ever.
,Recommended,227300,28844160,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Deadly,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is an extremely entertaining game with realistic driving environments, realistic mechanics (such as needing fuel and needing to sleep) and a great selection of trucks to drive. You can upgrade your truck throughout the game (once you buy one, you start out working as a contractor), and you can also customise the way the truck looks by changing its paint, changing interior items or even adding interior items (you can add items such as rocket league cars to the top of your dash). Personally, i thought this game would be something i bought during the steam sale and played once, but the game has got me hooked and i love it. The game has correct (as far as i know) signage for each country you can visit in game and they even have ultra realistic french toll booths. Having been through many french toll booths, and hating them since they don't take Australian credit cards, i know exactly how they look, ingame, they even have the correct reserved signage for the french 'special' ticketing system. I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,227300,19362390,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,proper actually,Would give 10/10 for realism if there were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on the streets and I could pick them up.9.5/10
,Recommended,227300,13486141,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,'LS' Ricer,I rolled my truck while trying to take a racing line. 10/10 would take a racing line again.
,Recommended,227300,13565219,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,VšĮ Mirties Bankas,"This game is just awesome. It is sad that there is no multi-player but you can easily find one on the internet. Also there are awesome DLC to get, awesome cargo to deliver. And now that there is a sale for this game and you are wondering about buying it - do it.Sad that there is not visible damage on truck tho. Anyway this game is just awesome and I believe developers will integrate it into game one day.10/10"
76561198125270342,Recommended,227300,15462170,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Trymmy Turner,"If you like trucks and simulator games, this is the game for you! 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,11694395,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,COMPLETEFAG,FAP FAP FAP FAP.... nuff said ;)
,Recommended,227300,11586683,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Defectius,"I know what you're thinking. A truck simulator? Why does this exist? Why does Defectius have this.... this ""thing""? WHERE THE HELL AM I!?!? The answer is simple. Without this, there would be no game where you could build a transfer company from scratch. It's like a city builder... except... it's aEuro Truck Simulator 2.Hire drivers with creepy looking portraits and make them drive trucks that are deliberately worse than yourcustom, chromified MONSTER. BE A TRUCK. Sleep in a truck. Go 150 kilometers per hour in a truck and get fined for speeding. Crash into the cars on the other side of the road at 150 kilometers per hour. Then laugh all the way to vehicle repairs & service as you are towed away. Explore the roads of Europe. BE A TRUCKER TODAY! You will rule Europe*.*Ruler not included."
,Recommended,227300,13325890,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Langowski [75th RRC],Driving; lots of Driving....Then you Crash.
,Recommended,227300,14287399,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Vaseline,"I don't know why, but this game is good. There's no way of describing it without making it sound boring, so you'll just have to play it."
76561198106158048,Recommended,227300,14490433,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Taximan20,"If you are a die hard simulator fan this is the game for you. Driving acorss Europe in nice beautiful senery and trucks can let you relax a little from life. This free room game can let you do many jobs including the ""High Power Cargo"" witch lets you haul helicopters, boat, and many more.Pros:- Updated monthly- Many mods- Senery- Free room- Lots of mods- MulitplayerCons:- Needs a good computer (Almost like any other simulator game)- AI cars are not smart- Easy to get money (Making the game easier)For me I rate this game 9/10 and is reccemended if you love simulator games!"
,Recommended,227300,14222454,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Seven,Those times when you try to thread the needle and forget you have a trailer attached and rack up several thousand Euros worth of property damage.10/10
,Recommended,227300,13270443,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Gilaric.iPe,1000000/10 Perfect simulator game
,Recommended,227300,21621949,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,RN74KH,Good
,Recommended,227300,13563936,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Hand Wadesma,Good pass time kinda addicting always wanting to get to the next level to upgrade youre truck and the ability to mod is nice10/10
,Recommended,227300,15555925,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Relu,is a nice game
,Recommended,227300,15600903,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Blü,"Fun, you can spend a whole weekend just driving a truck to music"
76561198160833952,Recommended,227300,14233772,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,(NT) Nate34502YT,I love the graphics on this game
,Recommended,227300,13794207,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Daffy,"Kes oleks arvanud, et mu eluunistuseks saab rekkaga sõitmine?!?!? avarii 400.- kiiruseületamine 550.- ilmatuledeta sõit 150.-... latakas, latakas latakas vastu näppe ja nii mu firma pankrotis oligi.. Ma ei saa aru, irlis küll nimona raha teenida ei saa, mingid kommunaalkulutused ju lähevad, ega sa seal kabiinis ei ela ju. Krt karakter ei söönud mitte kordagi, juba 4jas kuu ahmib õhku. Ja siis mingi garaazi uuendamine on sitaks palju ja need naisautojuhid ei oska sõita. Save faili ka ei saanud kopida. GG, keskmine, vajab palju kannatust."
,Recommended,227300,10296962,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Molotov Cocktail,"Euro Truck Simulator 2, for a game where you just drive around in a truck, delivering goods and making a company out of it it is shockingly good, the graphics are great, the simulation level is just right and it is entertaining for hours. travel across europe on a truck road trip or stay in your area, eather way it is a great game with a lot more that meets the eye!!!!"
,Recommended,227300,10725944,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,gab,"my favorite game all timer, over 300.000 Km since i got it on steam. +++"
,Recommended,227300,10440203,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Matt Refghi,My journey is over. No greater game can exist.
,Recommended,227300,14552706,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,BadDriversofMaryland,"Really cool game, although best if played with a controller or at least something other than a keyboard. The multiplayer mod is a really nice feature. If you are unsure if you should get the game, try the free demo first and see if you like it."
,Recommended,227300,24051243,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Allenz,Remove British and unite Europe on 'Right-hand traffic' now!
,Recommended,227300,32178213,Posted: 4 June,all,Gamer Sadyc,Is a good game !
76561198171185605,Recommended,227300,32188308,Posted: 4 June,all,IKEA,"Extremely relaxing and realistic game. The one thing that needs to be improved in an eventual ETS 3 is the map. It's big, but the cities and highways are too generic. With a little improvement on that part the game would be perfect."
76561198145100934,Recommended,227300,11967240,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,darincurl30,"I love ETS2, It is extremely Addictive, I can't stop playing it."
,Recommended,227300,31723555,Posted: 13 May,all,TheMaster[.]DauCuAIMTUX,Gud Game ♥♥♥♥♥ :D
,Recommended,227300,2217827,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Markiepoos,"This game may seem and look extremely boring. Do not be mistaken! This game is very addictive, I have spent hours on it and love it to bits. The driving simulation is second to none, the graphics are pretty good too. With the settings all maxed out with a 4770k and GTX 560 ti I only get 30fps.There is a wide range of trucks you can drive, all with different specifications. Personally I love the Scania. You can upgrade all your trucks with new more powerful engines, drivetrain ect. You can also decorate your truck with different decals and accessories.I would highly recommend to have a 900 degree turn steering wheel for this game, it enhances the experience massively, but if you don’t want to fork out £300 for a Logitech G27, I use a Xbox controller which is good.During the game you can hire new drivers and set up a business and ever expand your business abroad.The modding on this game is immense, there is so many mods but be careful you choose the correct ones or back up your saved file because you could break your game.Overall, I would definitely recommend this game, it is very addictive and fun. It is full of potential and I think there will be plenty of DLCs to come."
76561198357067217,Recommended,227300,30488307,Posted: 13 March,all,Lastbils-Berra,"Surprisingly entertaining game! Most people that doesn't like simulator games, wont like this game though. Although For people like me, who like simulator games adore this game!"
,Recommended,227300,31929297,Posted: 23 May,all,Jonas,Great game. Amazing for just relaxing maybe putting on some music.
,Recommended,227300,11014860,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Gustav Mahardika,This game is great for truck lovers :D
,Recommended,227300,11195201,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,INET 4 - MLeNoSH,The most magnificent multiplayer game that I ever played. It's so AWESOME!Great support from the game development team... ;)*5 thumbs-up*
,Recommended,227300,10270231,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,CreepyHearts,"This is a fantastic game, I would recomend anyone buy it that is remotley interested in trucks. I cant stop playing it :D"
,Recommended,227300,13677951,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Bitstream,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is one of those games that, at first glance, you wonder why you would ever get into it. And, like any simulation game, there are probably some people who will still be scratching their heads after they've tried it.But for the rest of you, ETS2 will suck you in.The core gameplay is straightforward: drive a truck and deliver various cargo from Point A to Point B — those points being located in a plethora of cities throughout western Europe and parts of eastern Europe. This gameplay is easy to get into quickly, with a minimal understanding of all of the game's simulation features. From there, the game grows in a variety of ways that keep things interesting for quite a while, including:The ability to purchase your own truck.Initially, with no money in your pocket, you'll be taking lower-value jobs where a truck is provided to you for the completion of that one job. Once you purchase your own truck, you will be able to take on higher-value jobs. In addition, these jobs will require you to drive to your pickup location and hook up to the trailer, rather than being magically transported into a truck that's already hooked up.Attain new skills that qualify you for more jobs.An XP and leveling system allows you to put skill points into various categories, opening up various types of ADR (hazardous) cargo, fragile cargo, high-value cargo, more urgent deliveries, and longer-distance hauls. In particular, urgent deliveries and long-distance hauls add new incremental levels of challenge.Adjustable realism settings.From a simplistic, fully automatic transmission and braking system, ETS2 allows you to enable more realistic simulation features, such as the manual gearbox, air brake simulation, and manually controlled retarder, to name a few. Once you feel you've mastered the basics of driving your truck, you can enable more realism to challenge yourself further. In switching to manual retarders, I learned more about the technology than I ever expected to!Vehicle upgrades and customizations.There are many truck models to choose from, from one of 7 different manufacturers. Each model a faithful recreation of a real-life truck model — the authors have gone to great lengths to create accurate interiors, dashboard layouts, and sounds. In addition, you can upgrade many functional  aspects of your truck — such as the engine, transmission, and chassis — as well as cosmetic enhancements like custom paint jobs or interior and exterior accessorizing.The ability to manage multiple garages and drivers.In addition to doing the actual hauling, you'll have the opportunity to grow your business by purchases and upgrading new locations, buying more trucks, and hiring additional drivers to operate them. Make no mistake, though: ETS2 does not turn into a management game. Having more locations and drivers is more a way to accelerate revenue generation later in the game, so that you don't start to feel like you're grinding job after job just to be able to afford any of the myriad upgrades available for your rig. It's a clever mechanism that works well. Don't worry, you'll still be out there truckin'.Manually parking trailers.When you get to your destination, you can forego parking the trailer precisely. But if you want to challenge yourself, try lining up that trailer with the loading dock for some extra XP.Robust mod support.When you start to reach the limits of what the game has to offer you, the game makes it easy to install a variety of community mods that will give you modified scenery, new truck and trailer designs, new customization options, and more.All in all, Euro Truck Simulator 2 gets the simulator formula right. Everything that exists in the game contributes logically to the gameplay; the realism is highly configurable so that the game can appeal to a diverse audience; and, while not strictly a sandbox game, ETS2 gives players a lot of flexibility to play and evolve their business the way they want.Euro Truck Simulator 2 has definitely been a worthwhile investment for me."
,Recommended,227300,13768750,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mister E. Legal,"It can be a bit intensive on resource usage, but ETS2 is a pretty enjoyable game. And, with the multiplayer mod with thousands of users, you can organise convoys, have a semi-truck derby, or simply mess with people."
,Recommended,227300,13806779,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Rockne,"Do you want to spend your well earned day off on the road, waiting for lights to turn green, buying petrol and taking naps at the side of the highway? Do you want to have a job, without making any money doing that job, because it is all virtual? Then this is the game for you!If you want to have FUN though, play something else..."
,Recommended,227300,13842034,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,TheGameCaster,great simulator
,Recommended,227300,13749254,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,misterhamez,why are you reading this when you should instead be driving a semi-trailier to cardiff?
,Recommended,227300,12876941,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,NO FUN ALLOWED,"As an American, Euro Truck Simulator 2 gets a 10/10 for giving me a reason to finally care about Europe."
,Recommended,227300,13785151,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bepis,This game is hectic
,Recommended,227300,14166520,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Papa Pisto,Vry good gam. I enjoy drivin my truk n pretendin i driv wiht pizza
,Recommended,227300,8741951,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Daveed,"This game is perfect for anybody that is looking for a good simulator. I love this simulator, but you should buy a wheel if you want this game experience to at the maximum level."
,Recommended,227300,13215243,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,4eks1s [LATVIA],Exelent game
,Recommended,227300,14147911,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Josef,sååååg
,Recommended,227300,32699029,Posted: 23 June,all,gheoss,"El juego esta muy bueno, no lo llamaria un simulador realmente, porque le faltan varios implementos para ser un simulador real, pero es divertido hasta un punto, y lo bueno es que los desarrolladores siguen metiendole mucho."
,Recommended,227300,32743861,Posted: 24 June,all,Ghost4321,Best simulator ever.
,Recommended,227300,20384344,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,▂▃ jeRRy ▃▂,"Great game, with only vanilla version you have big map to discover and worth every pennyAnd since it have Multiplayer (too bad its not official) you can do trucking with your friends!"
76561198128514129,Recommended,227300,32718737,Posted: 24 June,all,0x7377,"Averyrelaxing game to play, especially after a long and stressful day when you need to relax. Just turn on some of your own music in the background, take a job in the game, and simply start driving away while zoning out in the process. It's pure zen."
76561198080463621,Recommended,227300,32718772,Posted: 24 June,all,Scorpion,Good Game
76561198100651275,Recommended,227300,32720970,Posted: 24 June,all,Nemelor,"Great game, very usefull for blowing off steam after getting mad in a ranked game of LoL or DotA.Also great if you want to just chill, just turn on the radio and immerse yourself in trucking.9/10"
,Recommended,227300,32675482,Posted: 23 June,all,Gutso,"If you like the long ways, you should be buy this game. Also opening the long way songs and grab a drink if you have, this will be enjoyable.The mechanics of the game are very nice. Sights, roads, lights etc..Maybe happening not enjoyable with keyboard. So, if you have a driving set. Absolutely, you should be play this game.Of course you need a friends while play this game.But don't worry. Feel free.Have fun.And.. Good trips!"
,Recommended,227300,15104004,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,CIV Wyatt,ETS2 is very good. its graphics and how its detaled. i strongly recomend this to all sorts of people/
,Recommended,227300,8014507,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,HawtDawg,Multiplayer is fun :)
,Recommended,227300,2748492,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Flod,Great for when you have nothing else you feel like playing. Relaxing and fun.
76561198041281159,Recommended,227300,13681108,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lagerphone,"This game captures the tedious monotony and annoyances of truck life perfectly. Take ten minutes to get to top speed; you'll then see a speed camera (but be unable to slow down in time), which will relieve you of $500 and leave you with no recourse through the court system. Cars will speed up when they see you merging. Other vehicles will crash into you, and it's your fault. So real!There are some disappointing omissions however: you’re not able to take “performance enhancers”; enjoy the charms of “Susie”, the haggard truck-stop hooker; nor collect hitchhikers whose families will never see them again.Effectively, it's a truckin' simulator without any of the things that make actual truckin' bearable. If that's a deal-breaker, this may not be the sim you're looking for."
,Recommended,227300,32678549,Posted: 23 June,all,DeV CSGO-SKINS.COM I <3 Gaben,"Very good game, but please add Michalec company :D"
,Recommended,227300,32042477,Posted: 29 May,all,ItsKarolis,Good game m8
76561198282715440,Recommended,227300,31946145,Posted: 24 May,all,Andromeda,"Perfect game for relaxationPros>Truck customization>Big beautiful world>Different types of jobs>Bank loans,hiring drivers for our industries>Complicated to park the truck>Traffic rules>Petrol pumps,Railway cross,Speed camaras>Continious driving for long period will cause our driver to sleep"
76561198148186292,Recommended,227300,32291827,Posted: 9 June,all,brubeiker2003,El juego es muy bueno  a la hora de conducción y de gráficos
,Recommended,227300,12624677,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,MaRio Skrttt,I think ETS 2 KICKS♥♥♥♥♥!!!!
76561198281074786,Recommended,227300,32713960,Posted: 23 June,all,OmahaRoadgeek,I think there has not been a day since I bought this game that I have not played it.
,Recommended,227300,32658597,Posted: 22 June,all,Spooderman,"Very nice game, i rate 10 scania trucks/10 scania trucks"
76561198264236987,Recommended,227300,32770923,Posted: 25 June,all,Goliath,NEVERDOCALAIS-DUISBURG
76561198045331448,Recommended,227300,32773445,Posted: 25 June,all,Maruku,Strangely and subconciously addictive!:)
,Recommended,227300,27774087,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,\/|P3R $RT,"5+ years and still kicking in with new updates, DLCs etc..They have an amazing dev and management team, which keeps the game updated with new content every 2 to 3 months (depends on scale of update/modification) and they stick to their deadlines. I've never seen them release a buggy update until now :). Also, the game has tonnes of Mods built by a very active gaming community, from trucks to maps to AI traffic.. You do not like something about the game? Change it Yourself by modding it :)Definitly worth recomending to anyone who likes to play a chill out game. Just listen to music and conquer the vast road network of Europe in Your big rig!! If not, play the multiplayer mod :). Can buy garages in various cities, hire drivers, buy new trucks for them and build Your own trucking empire!!!Is high price for the game Your concern? Well, the game has all licensed trucks and tyres, which adds to the game cost, but this is the best truck simulator ever. Period!"
,Recommended,227300,28192562,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Murney24,> Entered the UK> Immediately started raining10/10 for realism
76561198283733044,Recommended,227300,26620246,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,shaunhuggins,"Crash peoples trucks,Get loan,Buy truck,Crash,Spend a bajillion pounds fixing itGo home and play ets 2.End."
,Recommended,227300,26930231,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hallowhile,It took me a while to get properly into it but now I just can't stop trucking.
76561198354329394,Recommended,227300,30142273,Posted: 24 February,all,✪Har-iwnl,Great game
,Recommended,227300,22807136,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,[TSRVTC - CC] TheGoodGuy1515,"When i saw the game i knew it was worth it. Bought it for 20€ ill never regret it if you get bored of singleplayer you have 3 options buy dlcs/like paintjobs and little thing ,download multiplayer or buy dlc map expansions. I love both scandinavia and going east. I like going east cause i live in central europe and it adds cities ive been to in real life. I like scandinavia because it adds a lot of roads cities and AMAZING sceanary. Multiplayer is genius! There is a lot of modification options for trucks. The graphics are amazing. Now there is workshop. What else do you need? There are real live radios/live radios if you have internet connection of course. If you need screenshots look at my profile i made a lot of those. Hope this helped if you want to ask anything just ask me. And The best thing they are still making this game better. I really Recommend this game! i really cant think o f cons. The really problem is that it is really addicting and it takes couple hours to learn the controls you like! i rate this game 11/10 (buy this). TGG1515 out peace!WAIT YOU DIDNT BUY IT YET! WHY ARE YOU WAITING! :D"
,Recommended,227300,29686507,Posted: 3 February,all,BilbobaginsRS,"This game... is my childhood game :') This gane is seriously addictin and fun if you like Driving, Adventure and that Free World like GTA but there is a downside to it... the mechanics still needs a bit of tweak as the trucks and cargo are easily damaged without actually hitting the rail guard. But I don't want to compain... I came to enjoy my childhood again :')Rate: 9/10"
76561198015791886,Recommended,227300,29687857,Posted: 4 February,all,REGAN,"Got mono, played this, felt better."
,Recommended,227300,29359441,Posted: 19 January,all,vince.omondy,The best game ever just what i need more and more of the map to explore. definitely i will always recommend it to any one
,Recommended,227300,27216779,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ReimBowz,FUN
76561198335666517,Recommended,227300,26152052,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Schnitzel,its so awesome
,Recommended,227300,26193059,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Ciel Phantomhive,"Needs Adidas paintjob for ultimate slav experience.9/11, would drive truck while listening to Hardbass again."
76561198275225732,Recommended,227300,30243264,Posted: 28 February,all,TT,ilove this game so much
,Recommended,227300,20937091,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Deanodeane,awesome game most realistic simulator out apart from some off the physics in the the truck they are a bit too easy to tip.
,Recommended,227300,27791123,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,XXXTentacion :D,The Best Camione simultator
,Recommended,227300,27840979,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Georgehellcase.com,Nice game
76561198030087728,Recommended,227300,27867807,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wiccawest,"No better way to fall asleep behind the wheel. I've always wanted to drive around and explore but don't feel like risking accidents, spending money on gas, lodging and food. This is one of the best ways for someone with no life to waste time relaxing, racing, or fooling around as they deliver an assortment of packages.There's mods, lots of mods, to improve almost every aspect of the game.The game offers many things to personalize your truck and the style which you want to play.The world is large and there's mods that add over 50% more roads throughout the northern countries of Afria and eastern europe.Add folders of music to the game files to create your radio or play online radio as you travel the continent.The time of the day and the time you can stay awake is a bit short. (there's mods for that)The game has repetitive features and structures but many games take that liberty when the world is this large. (There's mods to improve and increase textures for buildings, advertisements, cars, trucks, scenery, etc.)The game is getting older and the graphics might not be up to par. (like many older games there are mods to improve the graphics.)The default gameplay and career is a bit easy and you can quickly establish and create a business that makes enough income to retire. (there's multiple mods to increase difficulty.)Speed limiters and tickets. (There's mods to increase or turn them off, there's even mods to increase the speed the truck can reach.)There's even an online mod to drive with others."
,Recommended,227300,28345372,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,[US] Caszerino,"I can't believe I never posted a review for this! I have been playing this game since its release. I have loved every minute of it, and logged over 1200 hours real-time in-game in the last four years. While this game would be fun on its own, it's really the modding community that makes it so great.  Entire new areas of Europe, North Africa, the Mediterranean, are all provided free of charge by the modding community. We had Scandinavia before the DLC, we had France before the DLC, all thanks to these modders. Real trucks, real logos, real cars, real companies, all provided by modders. Endless trailer mods and truck skins. I have almost all the DLC for ETS2 (except for a few paint packs that I'm not interested in) and I support the modders with donations when I can, but the value for money with this game is astounding. I am not paid by SCS or anyone else, nor have I ever received anything for free from SCS or any other group associated with ETS2. I just love the game that much. It plays fantastically with a wheel and pedals, but I have actually been playing it with just an Xbox One controller for a couple years now and it's just as much fun for me. If you *still* don't own this game, and you like driving sims (not driving games, per se, but SIMULATIONS), then you are really missing out!"
76561198170551791,Recommended,227300,28048630,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,OG boy,Best game ever.
,Recommended,227300,28193847,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,HandSomeForce1,"To be honest, when I started the game it was so boring, then i got used to control the vehicle and it'is much more fun. Now, I own three trucks and 2 additional drivers can't wait to buy more to establish a Truck Kingdom.I should mention that the game has great graphics. You will enjoy every second of playing it. Definitely worth of the money but getting a little discount won't hurt.Have fun playing."
76561198086899883,Recommended,227300,27143890,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wolfgang,Best simulation game
,Recommended,227300,14310001,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,nitrousoxide10,Radio station simulator. You can also drive trucks.Would rate over 9000!
,Recommended,227300,16047848,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,skwol,automatically terns u into pro driver
,Recommended,227300,15836760,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Z I L T O I D,"Decent game, though it gets repetitive after a decent amount of playtime.Same sidewalk textures for every damn town gets to my nerves. Also, the ""going east"" expansion is kind of a ripoff if you ask me, there's hardly any content in Hungary for example."
76561198126623890,Recommended,227300,15587451,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Grezlhops,this game has really made me happy but when i downloaded it and started the game the game was running with no lag or anything but it wouldnt show th screen of the game for some strange reason does anyone know why.very confused and anoyed
,Recommended,227300,15665997,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ne bqh az,Verry good game. I realy enjoy it :)
,Recommended,227300,15770346,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,💋SayonaraBaby☠,"I can not really compare or relate to real truck driving since i never drove one. What i can tell you about this game is that graphics are great. There are so many details and features that make the game alive like airplanes taking of or landing, boats cruising in rivers or the open sea, people working on loading docks, walking in cities or even work on road constructions or sitting in cafes. Weather effects like rain or the sunbeams in the new dlc look breathtaking. You can create your own company and hire the staff you like and expand all over europe. AI Traffic is mostly intelligent.The cockpit design of the trucks is also nicely done. I couldnt find any bugs or ugly glitches.  The game is very mod friendly if you like modding. The only downer is, that there arent many different truck types and not a lot of tuning options. A good online mode would have been great too. The developers care the game very much and bring out many new patches and fixes. Sometimes the gameplay can be a bit repeatative but it offers great open world features and a lot unique details only found in certain areas. 9/10 If you like the screenshots and videos offered, you will love the game"
,Recommended,227300,15593937,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Mister_n,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 – красивая игра, которая стоит своих денег, своего рейтинга и своей репутации. Данную игру стоит купить ценителям симуляторов и вообще, если вам нравится управлять автотранспортом.Игра очень сильно затягивает, но есть несколько минусов:1.Поломки (хотелось бы увидеть, как отваливается бампер или хотя бы мнется)2.Мало пешеходов3.Отсутствует полиция.В общем, всем советую покупать эту игру.Приятной игры и счастливого пути))"
,Recommended,227300,15495738,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,-tommygun9900-,You can be a paedophile in a lorry who goes around chasing children
,Recommended,227300,14305376,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,jeep cap,"This game is bizarrely addictive and my life now consists of hauling and railing truckstop femboi♥♥♥♥♥ in the dingy bathrooms. Not in like, a gay way or anything.Buy this game."
,Recommended,227300,13269933,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Jura,"Everyone who loves games love this too, ofc always can be better"
76561198151360627,Recommended,227300,13406638,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,safraviciokas,"a great game, if you like trucks and have a pc steering wheel, this game is a must-have"
,Recommended,227300,13446671,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Nes,Just one more run....
,Recommended,227300,15921605,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Sporkchops,I flipped my truck over and all the cars behind me just sat there and honked the horn at me as if I could do anything.10/10 would euro again
,Recommended,227300,15878770,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Doge Lorde,"This game may seem quite boring by the name. But once you get inside the game, you will quickly see how fun this game really is. Especially if you drive trucks. This game has come from amazing developers known as scs software who do not lack in attention to detail. This game definitely falls into my category of detailed, and graphic high simulation games.11/10 -doge[$( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)$]"
,Recommended,227300,15449999,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Sapaieo,I really recommend this game to all who likes enjoying Truck RidesThe amount of detail is just insane!
,Recommended,227300,12715632,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SlachtHuis,"Fun game, relaxing and smooth gameplay. +1"
76561198027906785,Recommended,227300,28858407,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lightbringer,"ETS 2 is a game where you can just sit back, relax and enjoy the game for what it is at your own pace. It may not sound very exciting but once you get into your truck, you'll realise that there simply isn't anything like it and you won't regret trying it out."
,Recommended,227300,32869698,Posted: 27 June,all,Tiehl,gud game
,Recommended,227300,32942705,Posted: 28 June,all,Dark Soul/ gift-drop.com,good game
,Recommended,227300,16924203,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,[GearUp] Tharshan,Wonder full game because you play this multiplayer atets2mp.com
,Recommended,227300,32943151,Posted: 28 June,all,☩ éYarwyck,GOOD
,Recommended,227300,32635279,Posted: 21 June,all,Kentuckycoalroller,"By far one of my favorite games of all time! I love it, SCS is a small team but do a really great job, The game is a little older but still they put forth time into improving the game. Super realistic and tons of modding support. Over all a really really really good game. worth all the money for all the dlc's also."
,Recommended,227300,32969850,Posted: 28 June,all,Nedivi,10/10 would crash in AI again
76561198207684151,Recommended,227300,19702780,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,The_Dream54,good
,Recommended,227300,32915394,Posted: 27 June,all,Spipe,bap bap bap
,Recommended,227300,23591000,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Harman Kardon,"Very nice Game! It's really interesting game, cause it's realistic game!"
76561198202041995,Recommended,227300,32889179,Posted: 27 June,all,RyuuneZoldark,"Awesome and amazing game, you can relax and chill while playing it without getting bored. Very beautiful surroundings. I bought all the DLC's and it was very worth it.10/10"
76561198014961528,Recommended,227300,32960797,Posted: 28 June,all,MrLykia,Chill game. I'm playing with my gamepad but I wish I had a racing wheel just for this game. Game is relaxing u and there are awesome landscapes. Recommending? yes.
76561198162247374,Recommended,227300,32879965,Posted: 27 June,all,Kilef csgobig.com,nice
76561198064422392,Recommended,227300,28890147,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,LumenousVoid,My favorite game to relax and listen to music.  Nice to be able to play your own music or to tune into European streaming stations.  And with the modding community this game becomes a real gem!
,Recommended,227300,32927676,Posted: 28 June,all,GipsyD,An absolutely amazing game to kill time and just unwind with. Cannot recommened this game enough. 8/8 no h8 m8
76561198388011102,Recommended,227300,32846593,Posted: 27 June,all,✞Jesus✞👌🏻 👈,nice game!
,Recommended,227300,29656350,Posted: 2 February,all,Hellcase.com Twintr0K sec ac.,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is the best simulator games in the world.Nice multiplayer community,no lag on servers.Need more Updates and little add-ons but is very fun and sometimes fustrated.I recomand to buy this game because psihics,graphics and sounds are very very beautifull,you will have a special ""felling"" when playing this game,try it if not belive me.Buy the game and see you there."
,Recommended,227300,32916562,Posted: 28 June,all,Burbul!,"Best ,,**** I missed the turn, now i have to maneuver for aditional 2hours"" game.Spicy 10/11."
,Recommended,227300,16407382,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Pink Ranger,The hardest thing about this game for Americans is that you have to drive on the left side of the road. 10/10
76561197977967552,Recommended,227300,16485497,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,zooken,convoi
,Recommended,227300,16437940,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,VENDETTA,Best Car/Truck game i ever played !
,Recommended,227300,16498967,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jeepu,"I dont know if you should buy it or not, if its cheap buy it, if not dont"
,Recommended,227300,16501542,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,pizzapazza2000,this game is amazing i dont have a social life anymore
,Recommended,227300,13435422,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,NeonTheSolitaire,"This is great game with best support I've ever seen. After more than 2 years, there are still big updates with tons of free content, new DLC's and more. We can see, that developers like their game and they want to have this game perfect. I love it from first version. This game was huge jump in history of SCS software."
,Recommended,227300,20781739,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,☢ Kiwi (◕‿◕),"If you dont think you will like it, try it anyway. It is fun even to people who think driving trucks is stupid."
,Recommended,227300,24035536,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Spongehorn,Get trucked!
76561198253579015,Recommended,227300,21490561,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,srcntzcn,it's a great truck simulator game.
,Recommended,227300,10955918,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kraghot,"Very good and relaxing game, however it requires a wheel that is very precise. If you have money to spare go with G27 as it is perfect for ETS2."
,Recommended,227300,20151659,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,TheDatim,"Looks great, runs fine on a decent computer, relaxing wether or not combined with music, does not even matter. Has features which allow to listen to live radio stations and your own music. Doesn't get bored quickly. Great resolution for my taste. This is a perfect game for my taste. I recommend trying this game if you get bored of shooters. However, there is a downside: you can run out of weekend playing this game; here is a typical round of ETS2 for me: Friday: lets play ETS2! Sunday 11pm:♥♥♥♥♥♥ school already?! I haven't even slept!This story is a bit hyperbolic, but that is for the terrible sense of humour I have."
76561197983714635,Recommended,227300,24085433,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DrunkNBored,"downloaded Greatest truck driving hits 1978 and hit the road .First corner ran a red light , fined 350 Euro'sSecond corner jackknifed the truck and smashed into a car , fined  400 Euro'sfirst time on the moterway driving on the wrong side of the road  , only fined 100 euro'slooking forward to collecting many more finesKeep on trucking"
76561198058392772,Recommended,227300,13446346,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Th3Luk3st3r,"Trucks.  Trailers.  Deliveries.  Roads.  Fun.  What?  Fun?  How could making deliveries, in a truck, while driving on roads, be fun?  A very good question.  One that can only be answered by playing Euro Truck Simulator 2.  The game starts off with you driving a truck and hopefully doesn't end...  I've found the game to be excellent in simulating what it set out to simulate- making deliveries in a truck.  The graphics are excellent, the physics are super-realistic, and the trucks sound like they should (believe me, I would know.)  I doubt that you'll be disappointed (unless you were looking for a simulator that will take you to the moon, in which case, why buy a Truck Simulator?)  Give it a go! It even has multiplayer...  :D"
,Recommended,227300,11991828,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Skrub csgodegenerate.ru,This game is great! The trucks drive really well and the sounds are awesome!9/10(sorry this wasn't in depth)
,Recommended,227300,3017540,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,DeathlyDisco,"If you've never played this game you might be confused by my recent obsession with it. I've never really liked driving games, wouldn't have dreamt simulators could be fun and didn't really care much for trucks. Somehow this game has changed all that. It's managed to steal my attention from Skyrim by sharing its incredible attention to detail, open world exploration and beautiful landscapes - certainly not things I'd have expected from a game about driving trucks! If you still think I'm crazy, go ahead and download the demo and see if that changes anything :)"
,Recommended,227300,582481,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Stassi,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I own a freight company in Amsterdam called Stassi & Sons. Up to my eyeballs in loan interest, but my three sons (and counting) haul home plenty of bacon to keep the charts in the green. Meanwhile, I'm cruisin down the autobahn blasting Czech gothic industrial with a carriage full of flammable-when-wet solids. In the rain. Fixing my eyes on all the garages for sale to expand my Eurotrash empire, which I'm now certain I've already done in another life. 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,1729495,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Milo Bear,"Become the trucker you always wanted to be: fat, offensive and with a complete disregard for road rules. Buy the 'Late Night Truckstop Murder' DLC for the authentic trucker experience."
,Recommended,227300,873039,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,mario187,VROOOM VROOOM ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S
76561197992609942,Recommended,227300,11331620,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,BamBeakz,Hours on hours i drive my truck trough Europe and that was not what i expected when i bought this game on the last steam sale. The developer still makes great patches and the mods for this game are awesome.Highly recommended but i cant tell you why. Its just fun and relaxing :p
,Recommended,227300,273821,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,teej,playing this game is a great way to remind yourself just how much fun you were really having before playing this game
,Recommended,227300,1613657,"Posted: 10 February, 2013",all,*notices bulge* OwO What's this?,Trucks make my nips hard
76561198142527116,Recommended,227300,13990028,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Meta Detector,"A curiously addictive gaming experience, combining the best thing about America (trucking) with the worst thing about America (Europe).A Must have title."
,Recommended,227300,14782267,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,wolfox,euro truck simulator 2 is the absolute best game on earth ever becuase if you dont have this game yet..... your missin outon alotofepicstuff;D
76561198039976361,Recommended,227300,15328897,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,WonderBallz,Not♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227300,11054365,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Jacob.T,The game is fun but boring at the same time it is also addictive but the game has been well developed there is a few minor bug but it is really well. I would suggest this game to anyone as one you play it you will love
76561198027886622,Recommended,227300,11006420,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Stefano,"I've been playing this game for a while before I finally made the move to buy it, and let me tell you, I was not disappointed!Excellent game if you love trucking, graphics are stunning and the physics are really close to reality. Well put together game and frequent updates keep making it better, what could you ask more!10/10"
,Recommended,227300,13522617,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,A𝕛meister 乡,I Still refuse to repay the bank
,Recommended,227300,10872337,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RIMAΞ,"This is one of my favorite games for many reasons.First of all ,Driving feels great and physics are just perfect.One of the things i love about the game is the scenery which looks gorgeous. If you like driving and relaxing this is just the game for you!"
,Recommended,227300,14859683,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Tecca,"Whether it be delivering crystal glasses from Luxembourg to Manchester or rushing toxic gases from Berlin to Paris, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is innovative and exciting. Not only is it a very accurate simulation game, but it is perfect for laying back and whipping around Europe carefree. Sure, there are deadlines for deliveries. And the constant worry of running out of gas or needing to sleep. All in all though, this game is a game that you can play to relax and be peaceful. Listening to the in-game, international radio stations while seeing the scenic views of Europe pass by is euphoric. Definitely an amazing deal for a game of this quality."
76561198132016226,Recommended,227300,13444120,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Blackbeard,Spent 30 minutes trying to back into a spot .. 10/10 -- 11/10 with The Flying Burrito Brothers blasting in the background6 days on the road and i'm gonna see my baby tonight
76561198132498828,Recommended,227300,10228644,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,samuel.newing,its a vere  realistic simulator with a very accurate map of europe
,Recommended,227300,17964501,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Fluffy,"Where should I start, This game is so good in every aspect if your a fan of simulators this game is for you if you want to try the game DO IT you will not regret it at all"
,Recommended,227300,17995934,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,My Name Is Jeff,awesome game to spend a sunday with! 10/10
76561198031512552,Recommended,227300,16926209,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,paulk,Who knew simulating the life of an anti-social truck driver would be so much fun.
,Recommended,227300,17106924,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,PickleRick!,"""yaaay 0% dama-- OH♥♥♥♥♥♥A TURN"""
,Recommended,227300,17106983,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,╲⎝⧹ LOLCATZ ⧸⎠╱,"Euro Truck Simulator is truley amazing. Get a realistic driving experince in Europe and Asia. Earn enough dough to buy and customize your very own DAF, Iveco, MAN, Mercedes-Benz, Renault, Scania, or  Volvo truck. Or, spend it on a bigger garage and hire people to work for you! The DLC is awesome too. You need this game! It may seem boring at first, but it gets good. You might even get a laugh out of it. 10/10."
,Recommended,227300,17098961,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Roger 'Dan' Ram-Jet,"This game is awesome for emulating the driving of a truck in alot of situations. Personally though I reckon driving a truck in real life is A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ easier (I am a truck driver) I wouldnt play this unless you have pedals and a wheel to play it with. Mouse steering and keyboard steering dont do it justice.Other than that its an awesome game for all the truck customisation options and accurate for trailer combinations. But you multi-combination trailer drivers will be disapointed as there is no B-Double options in the vanilla game (but mods allow it)There needs to be an Australian Truck Simulator IMO, it would be way harder. We have to fill out logbooks that prove we dont drive more than 12 hours at a time. 12 work hours, 12 rest hours. The Roads and Maritime Services (RMS) have Heavy Vechile Checking stations along all our roads (spread out) some are 24/7 operating and some are set up on the spot. You get called in, weighed remotely and told via an electronic notice board above the weigh bridge to either 'return to highway' or 'pull inside'. If you go inside, you hand over your book (assuming your keeping one) and give yourself over to a full truck assessment.Self fatigue management is too trusting for us Aussies apparently."
,Recommended,227300,16726081,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Ztech,10/10 would T-Bone cars again
,Recommended,227300,17047839,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,El Muchacho,"Well not much too it. You get in a truck and drive to the destination and do it again. The graphics on the game are real nice, especially the fact that low end computers can run the game still looking good. The detail in the game is real nice, allowing you to fully immerse yourself as a euro truck driver. If you have no clue what you are doing simply change the settings to be nothing more than holding down a button until you reach your destination. It's a nice relaxing game that runs smoothly. If you think the truck driving alone starts to get boring, tune into the in-game radio and enjoy the real radio stations available. A great game for fans of simulation games."
76561198034747709,Recommended,227300,17343626,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,kruger,"I'm hooked! Nice relaxing long deliveries playing there online radio stations, Great!"
,Recommended,227300,17335460,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,DoylesRidingLife,"Good game, VTC's add so much role play in the game, if you are on in a vtc sould go and join on"
,Recommended,227300,17349928,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Owl,"1 Word.Wonderfull,"
76561198099937928,Recommended,227300,17350071,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Gizdavi Apolon,♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227300,17317335,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,chrxs._1,You can 360 truckscope get rekt m9
,Recommended,227300,17387309,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,TSRVTC | 🎄XαηdεrGaming,"This Game Is Great to Play But, It Should Have The Trucks Drop The Trailers At The Drop Off Area's In The Cities And Towns. I Would Recommand This Game To People That Like To Play Simulation Games. :)"
,Recommended,227300,17424782,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,黒田ヤマト~ヾ(≧∇≦*),Best game. Better than Witcher 310/10
,Recommended,227300,17395803,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,R3MaK3R,"Things not to do:Drink and DriveText and DriveWatch TV and DriveEat and DriveSleep and DriveYeah, it's a good game."
,Recommended,227300,17400360,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,DarthBeak,Fun if you like to drive trucks. Nuf said.
,Recommended,227300,17366026,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,TajMahal,"If this game even slightly interests you, BUY IT. This game is hard to describe. Why is it good?. Why is it fun? Why do I continue to play it? Maybe I don't know exactly why, but I don't care. Get this game or wait for American Truck Simulator."
,Recommended,227300,30777335,Posted: 27 March,all,Virgo,"OMG WTF just realised I have not made a review for this game yet....             *FACEPALM*1. GET IT2. It has multiplayer... well kinda,  there is a mod that makes this game multiplayer and its one of the reasons I play it soo much*Virgo Approved*"
76561198028394540,Recommended,227300,17187144,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,BigLuv,By far one of my most favorite games to play when I just want to unwind from the day.
76561198085573117,Recommended,227300,17188677,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Babe-raham Lincoln,Really amazing games!Always fun to stick on some music and drive around europe or skype with my other truckin' buddies and have 'banta'.Nothing can the describe the feeliing of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic ecstacy i felt when i purchased my first truck... truely magical :)
,Recommended,227300,17668279,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Fig,"Highly Additive!If you're looking for a good truck simulator, then this is the game you need. It's got everything from customizing trucks to building up your own company, to doing just simple jobs. There's also a lot of mods to get this game to it's next level in maps, trailers, trucks and more. But if single player isn't for you then why not join thousands of players on ETSMP (Alpha Version) for another experience in trucking."
,Recommended,227300,17684767,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,AngryRob,"After i bought this game, I spawn with a pistol and rush the enemy base. I die, uninstalled.jk this game is about driving trucks10/10"
,Recommended,227300,17722702,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,PieterJ,we all dont know why this is fun but it is!
,Recommended,227300,17603247,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,roddie digital,Bought a travel mug just to make playing this game more immersive 10/10
76561198163577980,Recommended,227300,17588525,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,HAZE,GREAT GAME LOVE ETS 2 GET IT NOW I LOST EVERYTHING BECAUSE I SPENT TO MANY HOURES
,Recommended,227300,19875870,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kendama165.net,"Nice Game Since Childhood, Really Recommend."
,Recommended,227300,19839281,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Nekophilia :3,11/10 truckers would truck again
,Recommended,227300,19743578,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Razorev,"Played this game for 582 hours ! and i doesn't get boring to me ! it's an awesome and peacefull game even the multiplayer version is awesome with alot of people... after 582 hours i'm still saying; BUY THIS GAME, you won't regret it"
,Recommended,227300,19946014,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,TheShaddes11,Best simulator on the market. I have playd around 150 hours and around 5 in the demo.
76561197964712338,Recommended,227300,19634826,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,FroX,Wery fun to play whit pedals and wheel:)
,Recommended,227300,19711888,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Schumacher1,"To be a truly great truck driver, you have to A. come from Ipswich and B. Be quite handy at killing hookers.  But not anymore, Euro Truck Simulator 2 allows you to drive trucks all around Europe without leaving your own home.  My mate Stephen is brilliant at Euro Truck Simulator and he's hardly ever sexually assaulted anyone.You can also take pictures of your trucks using the in game photo suite application and then post them on the Euro Truck website....But don't do what I did and accidently post them on Reader's Wives with the caption ""My Huge Volvo"".  That got me into some bother, I can tell you.In addition, why not download the multiplayer mod and play Euro Trucker with your friends.  My mate Stephen, he downloaded the multiplayer mod and I watch him deliver flat pack furniture around Sweden.  He's a fan of IKEA, what can I say?But the best thing about Euro Truck Simulator 2 is that it isn't Candy Crush."
,Recommended,227300,19832953,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Booon @ RejectGamers,:)
76561198205837113,Recommended,227300,19831538,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Rain D Mask,"I absoultely love this game becasue would you ever wanna be a Truck Driver? Well this is the place where you can be a truck driver, love the amazing graphics and so realistic."
,Recommended,227300,19412490,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,[Ger]WanTex™,richtig geiles spiel :D
76561198081698809,Recommended,227300,19501239,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Gorzon Ramshackle,I don't know what it is but there is something strangely fun about driving a truck around while running your own company!
,Recommended,227300,15146656,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Zbra @ Csgo-Raffle.com,Fun but long
,Recommended,227300,8481869,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Roach,Well worth to your money.
76561198108961348,Recommended,227300,24381358,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,EyegasmHD,Get a loan from the bank.Buy a truck.Drive a bunch and make some change.Realize the interest rate on my loan is at 18%.Beat a few immigrants off my grill.Resort to huffing hairspray in the sleeper cab to have fun.Voyeured a lady walking a baby at a park behind a hotel..took some pictures while pumping drum and bass out of my Scania..and pumping something else.Making mental note to thank Uncle Elroy for the job advice.Would buy truck again.
,Recommended,227300,4084001,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Sir Hammy-Sensei,"Most of you who've already seen my name pop up with this game probably figured out by now that I'm hooked with this game, when in actual fact, I pretty much am. It has beautiful scenery of the European countrysides, and the trucks you drive in this are so detailed in this, that just makes this game one of the best driving simulators out there. Be advised that unless you're a casual player, I don't think this game's for you, unless you want to flip trucks or drift in the rain while hauling."
,Recommended,227300,4460698,"Posted: 17 January, 2013",all,Rays,"Hardcore survival horror game, highly recommended for fans of the genre. Don't forget your trucker pants. 8.5/10 - Quite comfy."
,Recommended,227300,2992323,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Taki 183,Choo Choo Mothertrucker!
,Recommended,227300,19926906,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,็็,Best simulator ever!!!!
76561198219597627,Recommended,227300,20292669,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,لا يوجد اسم,"Hello. I believe your company successful because she did such a great game like Euro truck simulator 2. I think this game is successful because it is becoming more and more popular, I recommended it to my friends and they too now play this game! The game itself I like, although it has small flaws, but it is not important. The game itself attracts a lot of people, because everyone dreams to drive behind the wheel of a famous tractor. I wish you more updates and more players in your game, good luck.Nice"
76561198254442007,Recommended,227300,20297095,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Feonid,Welcome to Ruined Social Life Simulator
,Recommended,227300,20299699,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sheng,"Best truck driving simulator out there, 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,20342107,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,H2 Hellonwheels999,Hellonwheels999Said player buys Euro Truck Sim 2doesnt touch it for 2 days3rd day ah what the hell lets play itremembers he has a xbox 360 stering wheel w/ pedals in the closetplugs it in and configures itsaid player forgets about life and has 10 hours logged in 2 daysHellonwheels999 is addictedthis is a great game and well worth the money!
,Recommended,227300,20302825,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sonicrade,Have you ever wanted to sit at your computer and stare at a road for hours at a time? Look no further!
76561198042711578,Recommended,227300,20316570,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Two-Time Slim,"My girlfriend hates me now. So does my family, and all of my friends have abandoned me. Even my dog won't look at me. It's all because of Euro Truck Simulator. I just don't have time for my loser aquantiances anymore. I'm too busy running an internation shipping empire from the dark smokey confines of my bedroom. Sunlight causes cancer anyways. You should probably tell everyone you know to go ♥♥♥♥ themselves and buy this game."
,Recommended,227300,20319954,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,citron,"It's very relaxing and fun, but unfortunately it lacks diversity, it gets very repetative as nearly every highway looks the same with the exceptions of a few odd turns here and there. I've played for about 300 hours that are not logged on Steam but in the end I couldn't force myself to go back as much. That being said I would honestly recommend this game to anyone, as it's highly relaxing, without any elements of fast paced action, and I got over 400 hours of good fun out of it. I would also strongly recommend getting a wheel if you're playing this game seriously. I got a Driving Force GT for the sole purpose of ETS2 (Obviously also playing other games now)"
,Recommended,227300,20417824,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,flemsh,"I really like this game. The only thing is the roads in Belgium aren't realistic, it should be way worse10/10 would drive in Belgium again"
76561198048056376,Recommended,227300,20431158,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mickeymoose,"Car cuts me up then enters services, then get sideswiped by foreigner. Realism 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,20174994,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Lee | Celerium.co,100% Reccomended!Some people on MP are really petty about little things though.
76561198086680209,Recommended,227300,20220506,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[DB80] SpongeRob,"if you like trucks as much as I do, then this is a must have. There is nothing better than ridingon the highway in your own truck."
,Recommended,227300,20191378,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dr.Dragos,U can hit trees 10/10
76561198130521224,Recommended,227300,20406861,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Diana <3,foarte tare acest joc :)))
,Recommended,227300,20020657,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[Sir] Alfred Shitsneeze,♥♥♥♥ING DRIVING A TRUCK IS MORE FUN THAN ♥♥♥♥ING PLAYING TROPICO
,Recommended,227300,20009587,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ProKiller_50,"Everything about this game is great, DLC' s, physics, graphics, trucks, cargos, it' s totally worth it!"
,Recommended,227300,20013429,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,LIQUID VIRUS,Very good and addicting
,Recommended,227300,19942952,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,DilutedSalt,"I love this game.  It is very relaxing to me!  I have enjoyed all games from SCS Software.  I started with 18 WoS Extreme Trucker 1, which actually was the gateway game for me.  I recommend this to anyone casual, hardcore.  Even if you are mainly a CSGO guy, this game is still fun"
,Recommended,227300,20049207,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ears_rape.exe,just left germany on the way to france few people tried to jump on my lorry to cross to UK 10/10
76561198159632820,Recommended,227300,20051368,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ebedi Başkomutan ATATÜRK,e
,Recommended,227300,20024106,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,YepThatsMahogany,"I drove a white truck. Then I drove a red truck. Then I stole 400,000 euros from the bank and drove away in a blue truck.20 Green Trucks / 10 Yellow TrucksSpoiler: Then I crashed"
76561198073947519,Recommended,227300,19905178,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,TheMobert,"Very good physics, great scenery."
,Recommended,227300,19857824,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,sHANDY@@,@Danrun <3
,Recommended,227300,19860809,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,♠ ♠ xXmustkillallXx♠ ♠,one of the best games I have ever played
,Recommended,227300,23036173,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ｏｋ ｏｃｅ,Good Game :D
76561198294075215,Recommended,227300,23038125,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,kjw9834i,GOOD Game
76561197971972173,Recommended,227300,23009131,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Xeno,"9.9/10!! To get 10/10 it will need the following DLC to make it realistic:1. Road rage2. Illegal immigrants pounding♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your lorry in desperate attempts to get to the U.K as you board for Dover.3. The ability to hang slabs of pork from your lorry like the very innovative lorry driver did that got reported in the papers.4. The option to flip other drivers off and say ""♥♥♥♥ you - i'm bigger than you"" as my dad did in his lorry years ago.Anyway. A great way to spend your free time after a hard days work. Sit at a computer and pretend to be doing yet another hard days work. But......somehow it works."
76561198170571282,Recommended,227300,22972789,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,daikyojin,Sto volim miris kamiona
,Recommended,227300,22905106,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Renegade,Turn your trailer stability allllll the way down and drive on curbs. Do it. I dare ya12/10 would flip forever again
76561198242912058,Recommended,227300,22912050,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,RoLaX,Euro Truck Simulator 2 Thanks
76561198170870543,Recommended,227300,22058745,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,✪ Something,"It's a good game, especially for multiplayer."
,Recommended,227300,8402949,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SgtM3,"Too much fun. Seriously, this isn't like the others.Graphics - amazing but can be run on some low-medium end computers easily.Sound - realisticGameplay - fun, hire drivers, buy the most expensive trucks, make your millionsThe game can be highly extended with mods, a few I reccomend, but don't use these until you play the game for at least two hours:Winter Mod (adds snow and snow physics)Realistic Physics (don't run with Winter Mod)ProMod (Europe at it's finest, adds France and many more countries) Dont run with TSMTSM (The Simulator World) adds many worldwide countries and the contient of Africa, doesn't run with ProModTrailer Mod Packs (Just google ETS2 Trailer Mod Packs and you'll get a bunch, choose whatever you like - some even add Tesco,Asda, FedEx worldwide company trailers into the game and you'll see other trucks with them on!)If you want to learn more about the game, a youtube/twitch streamer I can highly reccomend is DaSquirrelNuts.Keep on trucking, truckers!"
,Recommended,227300,30147261,Posted: 24 February,all,Danielwobbles,Good game defo recommend if you like simulator games
76561198052365979,Recommended,227300,5585224,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Seoirse,Most relaxing game EVER!!!!
76561198345631657,Recommended,227300,29295831,Posted: 16 January,all,♛Wiqo♛ ☠✌,best game ever !!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,29045120,Posted: 5 January,all,V̵̝̎e̷̯͋l̷̦̓t̷̡̅o̵x,"Me: Boss I want my salaris doubled!Boss: Why?Me: Because I work 24/7 now!Boss: Okay sure!Me: Nailed it >:)That was just a cringy joke I made, but serious guys. This game is fun too play and aspecially after rage quitingdark souls IIIGood optimizationNo bugs at all exactly. Well not really big ones that will destroy the gameplaylovely gameplayThis is a game to have a chill"
,Recommended,227300,29030543,Posted: 5 January,all,Ｐｏｒａｂｅｌｌｉｏ n,"Well... My son was planning on reviewing this game but he cant because he will not stop playing it. I took the game away from him so he plays it in his mind now. He wont go to school so he will have to do 4th grade again. Few weeks ago i tried it and now im addicted even worse than my son, my wife cries herself to sleep because ""she has lost her loving and caring husband"" while i play this game and hear nothing.I give this game a 11/10 my son gives it a 69/10 butt for Euro Truck Simulator imagination edition that he plays now he gives a 420/69(This was written by Johns wife Janice because he wont stop playing)"
76561198023258183,Recommended,227300,29009647,Posted: 4 January,all,Ian Smith,The game you buy on a whim during a Steam Sale... only to find that a few days later you have spent 500$ on peripherals and head tracking hardware. Not joking.
,Recommended,227300,26538603,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,mjukus,AI didn't give way at a roundabout. They crashed into my trailer and now I can't make a living. Had to turn to prostitution.10/10
,Recommended,227300,27544843,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Maurizio Arrivabene,No wonder it's overwhelmingly positive...
76561198338954003,Recommended,227300,28031509,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,UseMyInstinct,A very nice game
,Recommended,227300,27405440,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Thelegend27,It is an amazingly addictive game!
,Recommended,227300,28319011,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,PLZ NO SKUUUUL,"chill game, very relaxing, would recommend 10/10Also best support i've ever seen"
,Recommended,227300,28689745,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Raptor,This game is so addicting even though it might seem lame.
,Recommended,227300,28959849,Posted: 2 January,all,Amelia_bullock,Love it xx
,Recommended,227300,26145303,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,polinko90,very good
,Recommended,227300,28748379,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Banana | whitenova.co,"I think it's really awesome. I had to deliver a trailer from Rotterdam in the Netherlands to Stockholm in Sweden. It took me one whole hour and thirty minutes to complete it, but while driving to the location I really loved the landscapes, cities and other scenery and it gives me the feeling that I really want to drive and discover more than I can even think of. And the game gives me the possibility to do that by creating a very big Europe map that is accurate to the real Europe and adding even more to it by releasing awesome DLC (that I bought) like Vive la France, Going East and Scandinavia. This game is truly amazing and I can't wait to play more of it."
,Recommended,227300,28844652,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Anal Discipline,It's Euro
,Recommended,227300,28102939,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Moist,Amazing Game recommend the games
,Recommended,227300,12307661,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ushiko,the apex of excitement
,Recommended,227300,14505361,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,roscomcl,"Very enjoyable game, especially the multiplayer mod with friends"
76561198028627789,Recommended,227300,13938468,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Mr. Brainstorm,"My favourite game, SCS are continuously updating this game, love it !!"
,Recommended,227300,14232958,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,a2A209_,"This game, is phenomenal. To me, it is a game to chill to, like driving to music or a livestream, or something. Everything about it is great, and it can use some tweaks too, like optimizations, and adding AI car sounds.It is also one of those games that is at least somewhat enjoyable at a low FPS, like on mine it hovers at 15-20 FPS depending on what conditions are present in the game, and your settings, like at night with rain and light visibility on; you just got to be aware of that.All in all, ETS2 is the perfect game, they have done everything as needed, and a few more tweaks would make it even better (performance optimizations and AI car sounds).I just cannot wait for American Truck Simulator, another game by SCS in progress, and to me, it will be another astounding, perfect, work of art. Let's save that review until then."
,Recommended,227300,14244406,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,David Little [Dazbam],a good truck sim
76561198051427145,Recommended,227300,15730605,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Kingmaker,"Checkmate!  Kingmaker awards two brilliant gems and the krona to SCS for ETS2 1.17 and the Scandinavia DLC!  Security guards at the yard gate, scenery reflections in the truck paint, brilliant new cities/customers/cargo, side marker lights on the cars and much more.  The new weather and sky is truly remarkable.  This feels like a brand new game, cannot wait to discover more.  I was so busy admiring the scenery on my first trip to Aalborg I ran out of fuel!  Luckily I was able to coast into a petrol station on 0 liters and fill 'er up.  Two words SCS...nicely done!!"
,Recommended,227300,15600569,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,PedalTramp™,"At first I did not expect much from this game, but after playing it for several days, it got into me! It offers miles after miles of cruising across the countrysides with nothing to worry about, enjoying the sublime sunset, dawn or the dark night in an European truck cabin alone. The game is very smooth, no glitch, no bugs, and the developers are very hard working, always working on it to release more updates and add-ons. If you love tranquility, ETS2 is your game."
,Recommended,227300,15610088,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,MitjaHD,Just buy it. And don't forget to turn on the radio :D
,Recommended,227300,15229955,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,CrazyCat6Lady,"i started playing this game when i was 20when i finally stopped, i was 30.GG SCS"
,Recommended,227300,15742708,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Barnstorf,A really funny game to play !
,Recommended,227300,15750137,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,smary,Better than Dark orbit
,Recommended,227300,14062053,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Gandycane,Audiobooks and this game are awesome.
,Recommended,227300,28974759,Posted: 3 January,all,Drole,Nothing to say about this game..10/10One of the best games I ever played :)
76561198171346633,Recommended,227300,18442901,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,mansurisy,Its Fantastic Game everI can't pass my day without play......
,Recommended,227300,18451856,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,GadMiuM,great game
,Recommended,227300,18445843,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Dogma2097,"Just wanna cruise down the roads of Europe in a big Truck, or wanna start and maintain a multimillion international freight company with a fleet of trucks?The addiction level of this game is huge. A few niggles aside, does exactly what it says on the tin and then some."
76561198150395420,Recommended,227300,18455418,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,xWolfOX,Very nice :c
76561198117486554,Recommended,227300,18442943,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,JacentyST,"BLUF: Fun and relaxing gameplay, sight-seeing while building a company is fun! Wish there was multiplayer!Dislikes:Controls (Can be difficult to control with mouse and keyboard)Timeframe (Sometimes the time given for a job is pretty tight, but that happens in real life too!)Price (Good game, get it on sale. I wouldn't have bought it for regular price)Likes:Adventure (This game is spread out well, lets you really get to sight see a bit!)Company (You can build your company to suit your style, or just rent and drive)Interface (There are a lot of view options, and the HUD is comfortable)*Edited* Added information and reorganized review."
,Recommended,227300,18443190,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Pickle Rick!,recomended!!!!
,Recommended,227300,8933799,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Stupid Little Prick Named Rick,Relaxing game.
76561198086415857,Recommended,227300,8993437,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,LilNetworker,"10/10!I bought the demo first and,believe me,I was hooked!Me and my brother wanted it and we got it cheap because there was a sale on.The idea of a huge,realistic map for you to go mad with your truck combined with elements of business and economy but in a fun way is not possible except in games by SCS Software!Thank you and keep making games as good as ETS2!"
76561198038332714,Recommended,227300,8894190,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Beta Unlimited,"This is one of the best truck simulators I have ever played, the graphics are fantastic and theres is going to be multiplayer mod coming out soon which will  make the game that much better."
76561198121046364,Recommended,227300,9058466,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Mr. Hilter,"in a world full of horrible simulators euro truck simulator 2 is one of the few that is good. it has amazing graphics and fun gameplay and the best gameplay i have ever seen. driving a truck might not sound fun at first, but this game can make it fun. i promise you that you will love it."
76561198018922480,Recommended,227300,9282521,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,HariboHaz,"THIS IS A GOOD GAME, PLAY IT!!"
76561198058638791,Recommended,227300,8394716,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,thethomasgeorge,"Why is this game so much fun? You drive slowly, other cars do annoying things like over take on blind corners causing a head on for you, which then you are fined for. Oh yeah, the cops are omniscient also, so they see every infraction. My house mate walked in on me waiting at a red light. He watched me while I waited and then asked ""How is this fun for you?""I cannot answer that question.My enjoyment of this game confounds me.As it will you."
,Recommended,227300,8389483,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Big Wet,"I can't ♥♥♥♥ing believe I bought this game and like it so much. Drove truck in day, drove truck in night, in rain, in snow. 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,8409373,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Kingy,"This game is fun, fast, perfect simulation of truck driving. Can't wait for more expansions to this game, hugely reccomended 10/10."
76561198081145278,Recommended,227300,8648987,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,NohbdyKnows,"If you love to play Simulators,  but want to play something casual. This is for you."
,Recommended,227300,8668240,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,krystkek,der is a truck and it goes bruuuuuuuuuuum
,Recommended,227300,8655982,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Daveo1996,This simulator brings everything to account from loaning money from the bank to build you very own company to repairing the truck from it's last journey. Build up your very own company by having garages all across Europe from the top of the UK to the very east of Poland and then as far south as Italy. This simulator even brings into the account of Fuel consumption and power to weight ration. As of myself I cannot get enough of it I am just waiting to see if they bring out more European countries.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
,Recommended,227300,13511928,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Hazissel,Flipped a truck going around a roundabout5% Damage10/10
,Recommended,227300,13153246,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Veetimus,"Driving trough Europe in a truck and taking some apples to London from Amsterdam is damn relaxing and very addictive.This game is cheap and fun especially with the multiplayer mod if you have friends that might be intrested in these kinda of games. Its not an usually simulator it is one of the ones that doesn`t suck and does it job like it should do.It is very good feeling to get your trucking company going and getting some new wheels on your swaggy truck and get to the road and show your new wheels off to your friends. Anyways it is a good game and i highly recommend picking it up maybe from a steam sale if you are not sure or just buying it its hella cheap and lot of fun!And think about Oculus Rift with this game good god that sounds awesome in my head! Cant wait. Its the revolutionary job simulator and its very enjoyable even if you dont think you wont enjoy it, it will suprise you! I promise."
,Recommended,227300,13033388,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Waldo Inc.,I am a trucker. I didn't know until now.
,Recommended,227300,14976784,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Storm Wave,It's therapeutic as♥♥♥♥♥♥My experience log:-Played 2 hours with keyboard. Frustrating. Didnt remember keys. Tons of tickets and accidentsDidn't have a shread of fun. Even with radio-Didn't play for months-Went back to it with a controler I borrowed from friend-Played with it for the remaining hours whilst listeing to a variety of good electronic music on the radio-Began a zen session while on a trip from UK to Poland-Racing my thoughts at the speed of light-Brainstorming imagination-Becoming slef-aware-Discovering the meaning off life-Answering lifes most difficult questions-Gets speeding ticket because I didnt notice the speed limit changed-Becomes♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at quick loads-Last saved game was 2 hours ago-Forgot everything that happened before the speeding ticket-Repeat10/10 would discover meaning of life while trucking across europe agian
,Recommended,227300,14979235,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Tupeco,Great with audiobooks.
,Recommended,227300,28878716,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,nexaEZfr,Very good
,Recommended,227300,28901725,Posted: 1 January,all,H™_Mizore,"At first glance, it's a boring game.Bought it out of curiosity.Had major difficulties mapping the keys ( there's just so much functions you can do ; headlights, trailer brakes, )Now that controls had been settled, tried driving, crashed and got stuck by my own trailer lmaoFinally got the hang of driving, felt it was a normal boring game. Stumbled upon the Radio. Turned it on. Live radios, and spontaneously enjoyed the leisure driving at a beautiful night with catchy songs and DJs.BEST RELAXING GAME !"
76561198181524066,Recommended,227300,27806907,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Morton,Ce-mi plac jocurile cu masini maaaaaaaaaaaailaaaaaaau. Jocurile pline de motoare puternice si masini cu viteze exorbitante awwwr
,Recommended,227300,28319641,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Gestirix,"If you like trucking, tis is definitely the game for you :)"
76561198356106517,Recommended,227300,29048329,Posted: 5 January,all,NaterGaming8,I give it 5 stars a amazing game!
,Recommended,227300,29062389,Posted: 6 January,all,iuky2k go.krimes.ro,a very relaxing game!!
,Recommended,227300,29181785,Posted: 11 January,all,Davidnum1,"The game itself is good, but the cities aren't that good, for example, the eiffel tower in paris is missing (or I haven't saw it).the phisics are good,  and the multiplayer is great"
,Recommended,227300,28600119,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ixeer,good game.
76561198043952246,Recommended,227300,31167367,Posted: 15 April,all,scottlamberson,"As real as you want it to be, or as casual and relaxing as you like.Even without a steering wheel or high resolution screens it's still very entertaining.SCS continues to make updates.I enjoy the game.. maybe more than I should admit."
,Recommended,227300,27666991,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ToxicPlayer | Pvpro.com,#trucklegion
,Recommended,227300,27668872,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CeZz THE BOSS,Niceeeeeeee!PUTEREEEEE!
76561198023070549,Recommended,227300,27683502,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ilikeslayers,A beautiful that is more fun than you'd think it would be.
76561198332215987,Recommended,227300,27701799,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,2k17CSF Sabău,Euro truck putere!!
,Recommended,227300,26925668,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NortHawk,"I love this game. And my friends ask me - ""Why do you love it so much""? And i answer - ""Instead of getting cancer playing with you n00bs i want to chill. And this is the perfect game for that"". My advice - grab a beer (or juice if you are under 18 (or under 21 if you are in the USA)), sit comfortably in your chair, play some nice music and relax."
76561198261333397,Recommended,227300,27591806,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bonez (Braxton Langston),This game should win an award because it is amazing.
76561198043922037,Recommended,227300,27565922,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Parzival,Just perfect
,Recommended,227300,27567129,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ainsel McBronko,"Top Empfehlung, schon seit Jahren!Mit den richtigen Mods machts noch mehr Spaß, vor allem die Welt sollte man mit ordentlichen Maps erweitern und los geht die Sause :P"
,Recommended,227300,27534781,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Miami Prince,Probably the best game of 2k16
76561198242874226,Recommended,227300,27161403,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Talkman,5/5
76561198085136821,Recommended,227300,26011386,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,GAEL,"very good, easy to move, more cool, I recommend to all my friends."
,Recommended,227300,28913875,Posted: 1 January,all,Dodger7,This is one of the best games that I have ever played. The graphics is good and is playable in almost all PCs with weak graphics cards
76561198019709499,Recommended,227300,27538928,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TiBeR,whoaaaaaaaaaaaaa dude....nice game...recommended
,Recommended,227300,25343959,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Er_Kamma,"Well, i'm 16 years old and i'm proud of how good i can drive. i only got like 30 penalties for car accidents and 14 for going 90km/h in a city. Maybe one day someone will recognize my useful skills of crashing trucks.EDIT: Now i'm 17. I still don't even know why traffic light exist. Made less accidents than before, that's good I think. Maybe I should stop driving forever, it's the best idea on my mind right now8/10"
,Recommended,227300,30335790,Posted: 5 March,all,re4ctive,"As a first-person shooter games liker, I would have never expected this game to be so engrossing. This game's a great way to chill out after a long day of activities."
,Recommended,227300,21686279,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,legmek,its  a geim
76561197964415260,Recommended,227300,183138,"Posted: 12 February, 2013",all,Wizard,"Recomend this,bad side,to addictive :/"
76561198249456446,Recommended,227300,29193206,Posted: 11 January,all,Bugs Buddy,"This is one of those games where patience is required, because each delivery takes quite a while to make. You really do feel as though you're a truck driver as the developers have accounted for many possible real life circumstances, such as speeding tickets, red light tickets, even crash offenses. And it isn't that easy to drive the truck at the beginning. The cargo always forced me to become stuck around a corner! The main goal of the game is to run your own trucking business, which allows you to employ other npc truck drivers into the game, as well as make deliveries yourself. The graphics are pretty swell, and the scenery is beautiful (and sometimes distracting, haha).Some people really love this game, however, I'm more like a casual player, and I'd personally only play it if I need to pass the time. If the game is on sale, I recommend you give it a try."
76561198147518579,Recommended,227300,26153317,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Venezuelan Banana,"This game is weirdly on of my favorite games. It is extremely relaxing, just being able to sit back and enjoy the pretty sites of western Europe. You can also put your favorite music into the games music files, and be able to listen to them on the road. It is also addictive, you almost can't stop taking jobs."
76561198083607689,Recommended,227300,14521738,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,><,amazing game
,Recommended,227300,12418691,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Cheezburger,"This is probably one of the most fun and interesting simulation games out there. Most simulator games out there are small, bad graphics and bad missions, but this is actually fun. You're a truck driver who starts off doing tasks for other companies such as driving apples from London, England to Paris, France. Once you have enough money, you can buy trucks and upgrade your garage and build your own company!Very fun and interesting game. Forget the price tag if you think it's too expensive for a simulation game. I bought this game a few days ago and already have 12 hours on record. This may be my newest favourite game. I highly recommend."
76561198029398866,Recommended,227300,13144371,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Extremecheese,"Normally I would boast, that if you want to try something, then just try it.  Especially when it comes to video games.  It's Steam, and games are a fraction of the price as console games.  Even if a game sucks, I always know that I could have paid a lot more for a lot less.  This game is different.  It's FUN!  I can't explain why its fun, it just is.  You need to see why, for yourself, if you haven't already.If you like a relaxing game experience, with extrordinary ambience and very good game mechanics, then you will enjoy this game very much.  It's 5 bucks for the whole shabang.  If you play this game without reaching a fail state, within the first couple hours, then you got your 5 bucks' worth.  You'll spend more than that in gas money, driving to the local vg-ripoff depot, to buy a new, significantly overprice, xbox or PS game, and probably have way less fun, with way worse graphics and customizeable options.Note that I was a fan of the very early GBA and PS2 version of the sims, but I have hated every simulation game that I have ever played since.  Until now.....Shock and awe, (no sarcasm intended), this game is way better than it should be.  Give it a try. :)"
,Recommended,227300,13151116,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Niels,Multiplayer !
76561198165375381,Recommended,227300,28031330,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chow Chow ▄︻芫━━ boyyy,i love this game <3
76561198251225834,Recommended,227300,25193836,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,忠犬ハチ公,"Great game. Long distance driving can be quite tedious but if you have the patience, the money you earn will begin to build up. There are so many things you can get infringement notices for including headlight usage which pop up when you don't even realise you have your headlights on. For computers with lower specs, settings can be turned down. One day you could be in Berlin and the next day you could be in London. As you accumulate more hours, your driver ratiing grows. This, in turn, means companies will hire you to carry high value and long distance cargo which will give you more money. 9/10."
,Recommended,227300,28737230,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jsize730,"Too poor to travel to Europe, this was the next best option"
,Recommended,227300,7860335,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Joakim,"Good game, beutiful graphics!"
,Recommended,227300,7741892,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Tali,Great game for casual to hardcore will eat away hours with out knowing it.
76561198108271284,Recommended,227300,26429307,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,OpenWorldGamer,It's Super fun and immersive....A must have title on PC.
76561198061363827,Recommended,227300,9491173,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Loxypoo,Its the mont gamely simulator and is suprisingly fun
76561198011336384,Recommended,227300,13598783,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,zaika,I don't get it. You drive around in a truck. AND I CAN'T STOP PLAYING. I especially enjoy being able to listen to European internet radio stations so you can pretend you're some greasy Russian truck driver! I love it.
,Recommended,227300,8867214,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,ImagineVenus5,"this game is by short words, Amaze Balls!the graphics are so beautiful that while you're driving and looking at the nature around you, your breath will be taken, the only downside is that you might stare at it too much that you'll crash to the car infront of you.the world is enormously big, even if you spend hours playing the game there is still a lot to explorethe realism is amazing, surely it's not 100% like real world, but you will feel like you're driving a real truck all the timethere are some minor downsides though, like how precise the speeding ticket it.. when you are even 1 km faster than the speed limit you will get a speeding ticket when you pass a speed camera (or whatever it's called)the AI front wheels don't spin when they turn, which is kind of irritating but i can forgive thatOverall i recommend this game to anyone who has 25$ and wants to buy an amazing simulator 9/10"
,Recommended,227300,10356474,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Iridescent,It feels like actually driving on a real world road.With crappy towns that is.
,Recommended,227300,10152729,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,ShenanigansMC,i dont know why but everyone likes this game. its the mystery that the human race was made to solve
76561198201970413,Recommended,227300,23762727,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ThatRandomGuy,"If you are looking for a nice driving simulator and don't mind it being a truck, then you have come to the right place.Pros+Plenty of trucks to choice from+Big Map+Great Graphics (Not so great if you have a cheap computer)+Construction zones (I.E Single lanes road with a traffic light+Adding a steering wheel can make it more relisticNetural| No multiplayer (But a mod can fix that)Cons-AI can be recklessI turned on my signel to change into the left lane and someone just zoomed ahead when I was half way between the lanesOveral Rating 20/10Nominated 2016"
,Recommended,227300,314591,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Hopsecutioner,"An amazing experience.  Combines realistic European truck handling, scenic backdrops, a map that covers most of mainland Europe and the UK, and an almost rpg-type levelling system.  Also, features management elements & the ability to tune into internet radio from many different European stations.Overall, a very relaxing & engaging experience, as long as you know what you are getting into."
76561197970643017,Recommended,227300,7866978,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Pondlife,Wowzers its the best game ive ever played!!!
,Recommended,227300,7951204,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,ThaBEN NL,"Surprisingly relaxing!Cool RPG elements in levelling up your garage, trucks and drivers!"
,Recommended,227300,29927676,Posted: 14 February,all,DD VORTEX,"This game is very good in terms of graphics and gameplay. It offers a very satisfying variety of trucks to choose from and you get to drive through Europe. But here's where it's lacking a lot. It doesn't include whole Europe. There are a lot of countries that are missing like Serbia, Bulgaria, Greece, Romania, Italy (only 3 cities included), Slovenia, Croatia, Spain, Portugal. Now don't get me wrong, you can add them through map packs but there is one tiny detail. You need to have the right version since map packs are not on the Steam Workshop (please add them!! <3 <3)Pros:- Good truck variety- For start, satisfying amount of european countries and cities- You can deliver pretty much everything to another cityCons:-You have to pay for Denmark, Sweden, Hungary. Guess what, you have to pay twice because Hungary is as another pack bundled- If you install engine mods, when you drive at around 190 km/h you don't drive anymore, you fly an airplane- Some vehicles can't climb up hills even with little cargoThis game is very good though for the best experience I would recommend buying a steering wheel.P.S. I recently installed car mods and this game is even better with car mods. Just think. Driving an E36 M3 down the Autobahn is one satisfying thing to do! W/O a speed limit.. Remember that part about above 190km/h you start driving an airplane, well with this you're flying a jet!"
76561198091375802,Recommended,227300,30452984,Posted: 11 March,all,FF.RichieRich,"Let my CDL lapse in real life because I hate driving trucks, bought euro truck simulator now I cant stop driving trucks.10/10"
,Recommended,227300,29086484,Posted: 7 January,all,//Sly Marbo\\,"Bought it because of the Review, had fun reading most of them..so i decided to try, what harm there is in trying right? if it not as good as what people said it was, i can just ask for a refund, and i'm glad that i bought it. Not only i can enhance my driving comprehension in game, but also in real life (theoretically speaking)."
76561198085834438,Recommended,227300,13441754,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,The Citizens Of Venezuela,"9/11 - IGN ""its ok"""
76561198050340197,Recommended,227300,7890286,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,✪ Hegarz,"Wasn't expecting much from ETS, considering it's a game about driving trucks.But I got it to play using the oculus rift and I have to say, even without it, it is really addictive.Huge world to explore and the rpg elements really top it off"
,Recommended,227300,20142067,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,she ylifona shena,i love this game good graphic good gameplay and best trucks :)buy everyone <3
,Recommended,227300,13601893,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Tuna Tits,"Never before have I played a game going in with low expectations, only to find myself some time later going why is this so fun.11/10 Would drive the wrong way for hours."
,Recommended,227300,8434920,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,McSpiffy,"Finally a PC game I can lie in mha bed to play ^0^. No but really its a very nice, relaxing simulator."
,Recommended,227300,13774021,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,El_Nacho,I don't know what you did to me Euro Truck Simulator 2... but I like it!10/10 Would throw my life away again.
,Recommended,227300,13840141,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SenseiGhostly,"AMAZING! If you want to sit back and relax on the road, then get this game. There are a huge amount of mods out there and also even a multiplayer mod!"
,Recommended,227300,14019691,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Falcoyager,"If you have dreamed to become a truck driver in Europe, then this is the beautiful game for you."
,Recommended,227300,13230240,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Jake T.,This is a great game they update it alot they also have multiplayer that is free lot of mods and dlc that you can put in your game easy
76561198002245905,Recommended,227300,13556341,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,awh0423,"So - a good friend of mine mentioned this game. He had purchased it on sale. I had never heard of it, and inquired what it was about. The game entails driving a truck and parking trailers. 'Doesn't sound very fun.'I was wrong. I am addicted, and I cannot explain why in a short enough review.Do yourself a favor, buy it. It's too cheap not too.I would go back and pay full retail. I've already bought DLC's.9.5/10"
,Recommended,227300,13563941,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Sup B Names Groot,"Began screaming at people on the road for being ignorant morons that didnt deserve to be born. Yep, very relaxing."
,Recommended,227300,13493470,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Trent,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 has one problem, in the description it says:Over 20 hours of driving to explore all the new areas in the game world.I think it should say Closer to 200 hours of driving to explore all the new areas in the game world.It is an absolute amazing game, when it is on sale it is an amazing price to buy it for. I bought it close to when it came for £25, and I would still pay that today for it. The trucks are extremely accurate, there are many updates for it. I have played it for about 200-250 hours now, I would think. I have enjoyed it thoroughly. Even after playing it for all of this time, I have discovered roughly 37% of the whole map."
,Recommended,227300,13369761,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Fortier,"I was not sure at first, but what a great game!"
,Recommended,227300,13529034,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,NinjaSkill13,"Game to chill out with, just riding and riding and riding, nothing more, nothing less. I recommend taking your favourite music with you for any truck trip across Europe!"
,Recommended,227300,13546267,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Felix Baxter,amazing game would reccomend it to any one
76561198017453575,Recommended,227300,15133676,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,CJ Gaming,This is from a real x truck driver i can no longer do the job for real due to changes in my health had this since it came out on disk but was fed up of wating about 2 hours for the updates to download when a new update was here but it's very fast on steam I use tsm map and jazziecats mods the tsm map is massive and the mods that jazziecats makes work very well and the russia map also works with the tsm map 2 this is very good it dose not give the full feel of a real truck but then again sat at a pc it's not going to but the trucks look just like the real 1s and they are very good and no stupid drm crap like other games so if your in to trucks our just want a nice game to just sit and chill get it brillant worth the money the mods are loads type euro truck sim 2 mods in google and lots of sites load maps truck you naame it someone has most likey made a mod for it
,Recommended,227300,15169757,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Official iGamer,"Incredibly addicting, especially with the multiplayer mod, convoys with your friends are a blast!"
,Recommended,227300,10813896,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ParaPlays,"Amazingly addictive, get the MP and your days will never be the same,,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOD4k6KBBmk&list=UUTw7YghZdlUgXYcSB2Iv8Kg"
,Recommended,227300,12828919,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Geru,Why do I enjoy this game?You just drive a truck.
76561197976147080,Recommended,227300,14679451,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Maverick,"The name of this title is self-explaintory. As I am writing this review I am rethinking why I bought this game.  Remembering now, I bought this during the steam sale, thinking I could kill sometime and try something new.  What I have realized is if it wasnt on sale and I didnt have the money at the time I wouldnt have bought it.Even though those are my thoughts as a Truck Simulator it does it's job properly.+Each vehicle is detailed from the cabin and a 360 degree view. Additionally, as you level up and gain more money you can customize your truck and build a company.+The overall environment is beautiful+Perfect game to kill time and relax+The weather dynamics are dazzling+The day night cycle is also unque and beautiful+Radio System - online music system is really good and can choose from different countries+Various driving systems avaliable - automatic, manuel, steering wheel etc.-Even though the environment maybe beautiful the overall scenere is a bit generic.  I wish there were more specific features to each country or enviornment.-The overall sound effects are lacking- Other than the fact that in England you drive on the left side of the road, and every country has their flags everywhere, what makes each country different.- The roads and the traffic are generic I wish there were different terrain and the traffic was more interactive with larger highways systems.-/+ There is a sense of difficulty to having a perfect run. So if you master the game and the driving mechanics there maybe no challenge.-/+ Online system - never tested but interesting to add --- Cannot attest to quailty -- Hopefully CB Radios are therePersonally, I was hoping for a little bit more from the game.  I know it is a simulator and it does its job perfectly, but nothing really catching my attention.  I do have to take my own personal bias away from this rating and re-rate this from my initial review. I do recommend this game but, be warned that you are getting specifically what the title says and nothing more."
,Recommended,227300,15215110,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,{FL}Saint,"This game sounds boring, it looks boring when you watch videos. There is no way I could have imagined I would enjoy this game, I bought it on sale a year ago and I figured why not give it a shot. I'm glad I did, I tried to hate this game I really did I was embarassed to have steam tell people in my friends list that I was playing this game... It doesnt sound exciting or even remotely interesting. But God Damn if this game isn't amazing I'm almost 80 hours into it and I'm still having fun. I can't explain why it's fun, but it is. Just the right mix of good driving, graphics, scenery, business, and enough variety of jobs and cargo to keep from getting repetitive (which sounds insane considering all you do it drive from A to B repeatedly) I can't figure it out, I don't even like driving games... why do I love this game? GET THIS GAME"
,Recommended,227300,15649344,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dale,Love this game !
76561197999837197,Recommended,227300,22511988,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Cpt Buckshot,"Breaker breaker 19 we got a convoy ... well not really. This a very relaxing simuator that has you driving all over europe to deliver VIP cargo, with beautiful landscapes to boot !!! If you just want to relax and enjoy the scenory for once this is your game.8/10"
,Recommended,227300,10639536,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,AzuriteFalc0n,"addickting game... did i spell thaT ROIGHT?idk, but i do know multiplayer needs to be able to hire players and start an online company, and have better active admins"
,Recommended,227300,11830608,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,MiThewsey,My dream job
,Recommended,227300,10815429,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ryhawkeyes,This game is the 2nd best truck driving simulator i've ever played (first being hard truck 2). It has the best graphics in a truck simulating game ever. It is one of the only truck simulators with upgrades on your trucks and paint jobs
,Recommended,227300,13959340,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,SamuelT,"Wow! I never thought in a million years this would be a title for me. I am embarrassed to admit I really enjoy this game. :)You know what? This is more fun than most racing games. (explosion, whaaaaaaat???!!!!)Well, how about no frustration, stress, monotonous scenery and bad realism. This games makes you feel calm, good and is truly a realistic simulator. You get more involved with your thoughts, it is even quite meditative.When I first heard about this game, I thought: ""this game is definitely not for me. Perhaps for a nerd with a weird obsession about trucks. It just sounds like the most boring game ever. I mean just driving around a truck...?""But after hearing more and more from reviewes, even from some that I regard highly, I decided to give the demo a try. Then it was dirt cheap during the sale...Why I like it:-Your 8 year old that always wanted to drive a truck gets all (s)he wanted gets to live again.-The game runs great on most machines, and still looks great. Highly detailed.-Real looking, beautiful and versatile ares.-Realistic mechanics, but not frustrating to master. You actually get better at the game with no handholding.-The game does not feel like a quick cash-in that so many simluators nowadays do. The game is well done.-This game is also about running a business which is fun too.-It is really satiesfying and calming to drive. (quite a surprise actually). It feels quite meditative, not boring at all.-Radio. You either add your own favorite radio, or you listen to audiobooks. Fantastic.-Weather. You feel quite snug in your truck while the weather thunders outside.-Mods. Not really necessary, but why not? More stuff.What I don't like:-I don't want to admit to anyone I like this game. The least to my family... ;)It works totally fine with mouse and keyboard. But I highly recommend a controller, or even better, a wheel for smoother driving. Make sure you go through the controller and game setup thouroghly. There are quite a few options to make the game suit your style - this is very good. You might find the game more enjoyable if you do.I imagine this game will be absolutely fantastic on a three monitor setup, and someone mentioned 3D works really well too. The immersion... I don't have this, but still enjoy the game.Get it on a sale."
,Recommended,227300,11282790,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Johnii Magii,"If you are debating whether or not to buy this game, buy it. If it has sparked your interest enough to come down here and look at the reviews, it is worthwhile for you to own.The graphics are simply stunning, the UI is very understandable, the career system functions well, the tutorials are thorough, and the who simulation is beyond fantastic. Everything is there and feels real: the power lines, the other cars, the boats, the hot air balloons. The weight is perfect for each truck, and you don't feel cheated when you screw up. Every mistake is your fault.That's what a simulation game should be. It shouldn't be hard because it is poorly designed, and it shouldn't be clunky. This game doesn't provide a well rounded experience, if only because each area so far exceeds the standard (seriously, Dice needs to look at the graphics and take a few lessons.)As with any game, there are a few issues. While the UI is clear, it is ugly. You feel as though Euro Truck Simulator 2 lays with the rest of the crappy, awful ""simulators' pushed out by obscure developers. Don't let that fool you; the actual game is fantastic, and you can get used to the UI. The other issue comes from the grammar. Honestly, it feels like Engrish (I know it's not an Asian game.) That doesn't hinder the clarity of the language in anyway, however.So, if you've been interested enough to look at reviews or to even visit the page, you should get Euro Truck Simulator 2.[EDIT]: Ooh! Let me add this: if my review didn't persuade you, look at the latest news from the developers. They're redoing all the sounds. That's an important part to making the game better, but there's no real problem with the sounds as they stand. The devs just got access to better methods, so they're redoing most of the truck noises. What other game do you know of where the devs would be that devoted?! BUY this game."
76561198121322577,Recommended,227300,12017336,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Blessed Lamb,I never thought driving across Europe would be so entertaining. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,13410664,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,♛ReLeSs❤,So damn good .
76561198160970865,Recommended,227300,13605556,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Barron Trump,I don't know why I like this game. But I do.~Allahu Akhbar
,Recommended,227300,15509299,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,'  izaCK™,This games is a great experience for the trucker fans. i will hope in the future the developers of this fantastic game would be improve some realistic details and better graphics for the next realease.
76561197992288907,Recommended,227300,13685945,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Discoboy - Buying Cards - 0.275,Very nice game!
,Recommended,227300,29302238,Posted: 16 January,all,ajsbrk,Who would have thought driving a truck for a long LONG time would be soawesome!Nothing like starting your own company and working it from the ground up.
,Recommended,227300,28891705,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Grumpy,Game=Driving from Point A to Point B and making your company.For some people including me it's somehow fun. Just driving down the road looking at the scenery and also trying to avoid hitting a car and going past red lights.It also offers a demo so thats good too.If you find it boring after 15 minutes its clear the game is not for you.
,Recommended,227300,29090407,Posted: 7 January,all,•U×T×A•,chill game
76561198109827536,Recommended,227300,28648728,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,桐崎 千棘,Recommended to the people whos like simulator games.
76561198322492146,Recommended,227300,29971122,Posted: 16 February,all,Insane Kaytekk,"Very nice graphics, realistic, beautiful. Good game!"
76561198173099922,Recommended,227300,18713773,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ThisIsYourTARGET,"If you like sex- get thiss.... oh wait wrong game... if you like building up a successfull business- get this game.If you like custmizing trucks-get this game.If you like driving- get this game.If you were thinking about getting this game then get it already.This is a good game no reasons not to get it. Just look at the reviews it has and how positive they are.The only things i can say about it that are annoying is...if you speed you get ticket, not sure by what because i dont always get tickets when i speed, but every now and then bing... ticket 550 euros gone just like that.The other thing that annoys the hell outta me is i'll be driving along in my lane and out of nowhere a car rearends me and some how its my fault and i get to pay for it.And the last thing is if you miss a turn sometimes you have to drive a ways to turn around because traffic will inch up on you and never go around preventing you from backing up or turning around in the middle of the road.Oh did i mention you can play the radio? Its got alot of stations and you can even make your own playlist with your own music.GET THIS GAME NOW!"
76561198086116197,Recommended,227300,30295642,Posted: 3 March,all,KielbasaQueen,"Typically I wouldn't play one of these  job simulator type games, but I heard twitch streamers talking about how relaxing it is along with random reviews saying similar things. So when I saw it was on sale, I thought i'd give it a go to see if what other people were saying was true. It certainly was.  The long hauls through the 3D rendered  European country side at blazing speeds in my decked out Volvo while blaring my favorite metal bands like WASP and Angel Sword kept me sane during a really difficult time in my life."
,Recommended,227300,19468459,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Hythal,Got hit by AI.-$40011/10Would get hit again.
,Recommended,227300,19470143,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,No More Lytozinamon,very fun! can't wait for multiplayer non mod by world of truck!
,Recommended,227300,20096071,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,THIS PROJECT IS RETIRED,"I wish there were police that could arrest you if you speed too much, maybe for American Truck Simulator"
,Recommended,227300,20476961,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,faulie1,"Looked away for a second to answer a text, wracked up about $2000 in car damage fines.This game has taught me the importance of not texting and driving.11/10 IGN"
,Recommended,227300,20460083,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,The Marshmellow Horseman,"I'd like to start with that i've rarely played simulation games (never) but i saw this game on sale so i was like, lol ok this is gonna be weird.well here i am,. playing this daily.And i gotta say i actually love this game. Nothing better then getting off work and start in my virtual one.But i get these moments, those: Wtf am i doing playing a god damn truck simulator?!but those moment go as quickly as they comeAnyway, not only is this a truck simulator but also Drink-and-Drive simulator because after playing this drunk i  can promise you im never going to drink and drive in real life. Also never gonna drive when im almost falling asleep so this is also a life lesson game.10/10"
,Recommended,227300,20358204,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,tahahahahaha,Really addicting game that is worth the low price it asks for.
76561198006877208,Recommended,227300,21181307,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,AK90,Tons of fun :D
,Recommended,227300,21053652,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,F5,hah gay
,Recommended,227300,21053693,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,SirRadu #lovemyfriends,nice
,Recommended,227300,21079145,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Pain,The best game!
76561197997193644,Recommended,227300,19209874,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,joker1231978,"I'd call this game a sleeper.  It will surprise you.  If you ever just put on some tunes and drive around for hours for no reason, you'll enjoy this game.  This game comes very close to that feeling, at least as close as you can get in a game lol.You'll be constantly checking your mirrors and yelling at the stupid traffic.  Sound familiar?  This game is about driving, and SCS nailed it.  Highly recommend!Put on some good music, grab a job, and just drive :)A note on mods.  There are a TON of mods out from just about every aspect of the game.   If you've played Skyrim with mods, you know the cycle of mods and game updates.   Play it smart when dealing with mods."
,Recommended,227300,21229175,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Wil,"Counter-Strike is a very immersive game with the driving mechanics of what would be Fifa 17. The ships included in this title are out of this world with the texture mapping from a game engine made in the 1950s. Very good for people who want a fast paced mmo fps to sit down and chill with friends while playing. Overall would buy again, just to destroy some hardscoping nubbs."
,Recommended,227300,21140426,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Napoleon,"I definately recommend this Game.The Graphics of the Game is Ok eventhough it could be a little better,the cities are poorly reconstructed but you cant expect a realistic 1:1 copy from the real life to this Game.One of the most disapointing points about this Game is that there is no official Multiplayer.But,other than that it is a pretty fun game with a lot of Trucks to choose from and two DlC`s which fullfil their promise to fill the spce in the east and scandinavia.The Landscapes of the game are the most impressive I`ve seen in a game."
,Recommended,227300,21017933,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,LEMONNYYY,"cool, driving."
,Recommended,227300,21550544,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,aszoon,"This game was very interesting for me i spent a lot of $$$ for it.So..When i started game i had problem with cargo. I doesn't had any work in worklistthen i was able to fix it, it took about 1 hour.So i joined an a multiplayer and i was shocked of Rp-Role Play. No one crashingin walls. All guys where i saw was driving - rp -. I recomend this game if ur a car lover or something like that coz i played about 10 hrs and it was not funny yet."
,Recommended,227300,21536321,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,avvo,Great game to play when you just want to relax. It's perfect when you add music.Happy trucking :)
,Recommended,227300,21396063,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Terapayne,"BEEP MOTHERFUDGING BEEP FUDGERS. Yeah, I don't have time for your pedestrian ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, get the hell of the road. I'm drivin' 'ere.I probably screamed that more often than I should have while playing this game. I jack-knifed on a highway, killed 6 sheep, 9 cows, 2 squirrels, a bucket full of ducks and at least 4 people. But you know what? Worth it. Welcome to world war trucks, ♥♥♥♥♥. Strap in and get comfy. It's going to be a bumpy ride.10/10-disclaimed- this is actually a very chilled out game, great for passing time and extremely immersive. I'd recommend it to any and all. Lot's of fun and a great way to relax too. Well made."
76561198214513483,Recommended,227300,20621136,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Tyler1,I love ur game lol
,Recommended,227300,20103121,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Chheng Tan,Driving around with high value cargo and some preppy yellow mini cooper cuts me off in traffic. I rear end him and get a ticket. Then i throw my computer against a wall and start crying. All I wanted was my own truck. RIP my dreams.Cool game.
,Recommended,227300,20152331,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,r  Δ  d  u  S,"This is better than csgo,i had  1000 + hours on an account,now i bought ets2 and i love it,i am not playing csgo now..it is rlly cool and has amazing graphics,it's one of the best games out there :)"
76561198006904357,Recommended,227300,20040497,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jayan,"Trying to explain this game to people""It's a business/driving sim, it's fun.... sort of... you do spend a long time just... y'know driving....""""You get to customise your vehicle..... yeah, your truck... yeah well it's fun to put a chrome step on a truck OK""""I bought a garage in Grimsby and I employ 4 local people.... no, they actually turn up to work.... OK so it's not as realistic in THAT sense""""Shut up, it's fun, try it""""Told you so""8/10 would be passive aggressively patronising to friends again"
,Recommended,227300,20057939,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mr. Woahman,"Hey kids, ever wonder why your mommy or daddy gets mad when someone cuts them off on the highway? well if you buy this game you will soon find out. Go ahead, play this game on the easiest driving controls I dare you. With a trailer attached its a pain. But if you think the fun starts there it doesn't. Imagine driving and then some dumb bus passes you and then pretty much brake checks you, it's pretty frustrating.10/10 would punch my keyboard again."
,Recommended,227300,21351753,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,DuckFeet97,"This is the best trucking simulator available today.Choose between 8 major truck manufacturers and after some work, buy your first truck, and if you want, start building your Trucking Empire across the world of ETS2.Also you can play with friends on Multiplayer, discover various projects from Modders, Community - World of Trucks ...ETS2 is also very optimized. Great job SCS Software. As always :)"
,Recommended,227300,28708423,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DSAYouTube,This is one of the best simulators on the market.Anyone who hasnt played this revolutionary game is out of their mind
76561198072169042,Recommended,227300,23479091,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,FlyBoyXD ✈,"ETS 2 is a great, relaxing game to play for a change.My favorite way to play is with music playing in the background while I drive, watching the beautiful scenery go by :D"
,Recommended,227300,22539958,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,LaKruvi,Just buy it.
76561198147861109,Recommended,227300,22829347,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Polderjongen,"A wonderful game that keeps me entertained. it may seem boring, but trust me it's not. also way worth the price."
,Recommended,227300,22830070,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Da Real Lilbo,"My Favorite SimulatorThe game is great simulator. Grat graphics  , Great physics , Great gameplay and Great level system. U start with just one garage. U take quick job from companies , so u can start your carrer. U get low paid. Nothing hard to do at the start. Just ~250km trips with used trucks. After hard work and driving , u finally have enough money for one of the best moments of this game :Your own truck. U buy your truck and start driving it. U feel alot better , because u are getting alot more money and starting your own bussines. After few ingame months u decide to upgrade your garage and buy few new trucks , so you can make alot more money from your company. U start getting the money and get rich. U can buy all garages , trucks and hire all drivers in the world. Thats about the gameplay. Its really good and realistic. I loved the game, but when theWorkshopcame out for this game made my life alot easier and made me love the game alot more.WorkshopTheworkshopoffers alot. There is engines , sounds , skins , texture and even new trucks. The moding community behind this game is great. There is tons of great mods. Ofcourse not all the mods are in theworkshop. Most of the bigger mods like : Maps or most of the truck modelsare in moding sites instead workshop.Non-Official MultiplayerThere is small team of developers , who doesn't work for SCS Software. They've made a mutliplayer app. U can download it from your browser. The problem there is , that its poor optimized and there is alot of idiots who cant drive. The admin team is too small to ban or kick all the trolls and blockers on time. Most of the times when u report someone , they check your report 2 mins later when its all gone.OverallMy favorite simulator game. Its worth buying. Great graphics and gameplay. Great mods and community. SCS is still working on it , even after they released ATS.9/10"
76561198343733328,Recommended,227300,30013828,Posted: 18 February,all,Koker22,"Good game,i love it"
,Recommended,227300,26161318,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Gaby,best game ever made <3 =)
76561198068769211,Recommended,227300,24100930,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Hector,I REALLY LIKE THIS GAME EVEN THOUGH I'M NOT INTERESTED IN TRUCKS OR DRIVING AT ALL.PLEASE.HELP.WHAT IS GOING ON ??
,Recommended,227300,24107580,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,S P I T Z Y,i recommend this game.Pros--long road trips-Customised Radio-amazing mod/workshop supportCons--Buses will kill you instantly-You will learn to stop for lights-The Uk might be removed
,Recommended,227300,23920221,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ablietski,A nice and fun game to enjoy on a rainy evening with your blanket and hot chocolate milk..
,Recommended,227300,23969773,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Lyxdyr -iwnl-ツ,Is wery fun game with online mode
76561197997832655,Recommended,227300,29214321,Posted: 12 January,all,Redroo 13,"This game is deeper than you expect and a lot more interesting that you'd believe. While far from perfect the base game will deliver to you a decent enough experience you will end up wanting more and before you know it, you're going to be hundreds of hours of time into the game.  Recommend that you get the expansion DLC at the very least and expand your driving world."
,Recommended,227300,29246298,Posted: 14 January,all,xBestBBx,"I love this game. What isn't there to like about it? Graphics, relaxation, and, when you feel like driving with buddies, there is even a multiplayer! Overall I rate this a 11/10! (Yes I know I put 11 and not 10, just for banter)"
76561198307223002,Recommended,227300,29346048,Posted: 18 January,all,super man kiddo,"This game is amazing. Sure there a times when you crash and you get low on money because of the repair, but it's still a great game. It may not seem like fun, driving a truck, but with the build in radio, you can turn the puppy on and drive as long as you want! There are almost no cons, that I can't think of. Except some glitches that involve driving then a sudden turn to the right or left resulting in major or minor damage. Other than that it's just a great game."
,Recommended,227300,29867744,Posted: 12 February,all,Torna2o,Good Game
,Recommended,227300,15996531,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,icecream,I've spent way to much time driving truck around.I ♥♥♥♥ing love it.
76561198125860073,Recommended,227300,9584029,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Guiseppe,"i think this game has amazing graphic and its just made really well. i think you could change the fact that its not all of europeso pls fix that, other than that wow good job guys"
76561198018316703,Recommended,227300,15878126,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,StiVII,"Ik schrijf geen reviews, maar het is wel een goed en rustgevend spel."
76561198320021069,Recommended,227300,31044194,Posted: 9 April,all,BCB,Love it very chill very good am i rite
76561198065930380,Recommended,227300,8417908,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Yippie21,"I didn't think I'd enjoy this as much as I have, but I started playing it and can't stop.. heh"
,Recommended,227300,11752221,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,duniber,Best simulator game on todays market! I've played over 70 hours and 140 hours on CD-game! It's worth the price!
,Recommended,227300,19440593,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Max,Can quicksave in front of people so they crash
,Recommended,227300,27069899,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[LT3] Taluien,A wonderful game to just relax for an hour. Or five.
,Recommended,227300,16542722,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Brofessor,"Driving on the left confuses me, since I'm American and all."
76561198269109100,Recommended,227300,21077810,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Picha_26,Nice game
,Recommended,227300,26049255,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Joraffe,Yo they made getting a fine for running a red light fun.
76561198188269215,Recommended,227300,31421869,Posted: 28 April,all,bimlightman,"Awesome, some people don't get the appeal... but this game is just awesome"
76561198091922139,Recommended,227300,19383220,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Riderfan4,"Very Fun Game, very realistic. Most defiantely worth a download!"
,Recommended,227300,31475054,Posted: 30 April,all,Eysenfield,Beautiful beautiful ETS2. I'm enjoying my time with this simulator a lot... so many details and individuable things one can change/do... This game is definitely worth a closer look!
,Recommended,227300,28234928,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Hamis2K,"kinda boring, but with the mod implementations, its so ♥♥♥♥in fun."
76561198025914520,Recommended,227300,28235517,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Mavi,Good New Games.
,Recommended,227300,22896950,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Panda_Horse,It makes me excited to go home and drive truck in a PC! Need I say more?This game is relaxing. No pressure. With a mix of RPG (levelling up) and customizing trucks. I really need to play this game after playing CS go. It relax your senses and drain the saltiness from you.
76561198067120238,Recommended,227300,28236169,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Rigger,"I dislike driving games in general and I have no interest in vehicles what-so-ever. But there's something about this game, that makes want to keep playing it - especially when I'm offline, which happens frequently.EDIT:After racking up a few more hours in the game, I've found two points of critique that I thought are worth mentioning.1). The AI. I'm don't exactly obey the rules of the road. I especially tend to drive way too fast. But when I come roaring down the road at 130+ km/h in a truck with a trailer attached to it, it doesn't mean it's a great idea, to turn out right infront of me in a vehicle, that's doing about 80 km/h at the time. Even if I'm slamming the brake immediately, I still crash into the vehicle infront of me. I wish the AI acted more sensible (or human) and would check their damn mirrors before cutting me off.Another noteworthy problem with the AI, is how it functions inside the city centres. If you need to cross the road in the opposing direction, and there's oncoming traffic, which you'll have to wait for to clear before you can make the turn, the AI will sometimes stop in the middle of the road, waiting for you to make your turn. However, they do it right infront of you, so you can't make the turn without crashing into them. They also tend to not give you enough room when you have to make tight turns (mainly outside towns), which also causes you to crash into them.In general, I'd wish the AI was more sensible.2). Signs. Primarily signs that indicate the speed allowed on the road. The GPS indicator does not provide the top speed you're allowed to drive to avoid getting tickets, when speeds of more than 80 km/h are allowed. It shows (presumeably) the speed trucks are usually allowed to drive on that specific stretch of road - or what the designers recommend - whichever it is, I'm going to drive at the top speed I'm allowed, while still (for the most part) avoid getting tickets. The problem is, there's a lack of speed signs. Often I find myself having to guess what the allowed top speed is on the freeway - sometimes it's 90, sometimes, 100, 110, or 130 km/h. I've found myself driving hundreds of kilometres without seeing a sign that tells me what speed I'm actually allowed to drive at. It's a minor gripe with the game, but it's still an annoyance to me, which is why I'm mentioning it.These are the two most annoying things I've found with the game so far - I have a few more minor issues with the game, but I'll get back to those if I'm bored some day.Anyway, still a fun game, and I'd still recommend it :)"
,Recommended,227300,31479989,Posted: 30 April,all,JesseMCS,"This game is so addictive! I love it soo much. I like how the demo includes most of the experience in the full game. Also I enjoy traveling around GB. If u like driving around Europe, u gotta get this game. This is a MUST recommended."
76561198101175225,Recommended,227300,28977489,Posted: 3 January,all,katır hamdi,Just sit back and relax
76561198353387876,Recommended,227300,28968549,Posted: 2 January,all,2gbaintenough,awesome
,Recommended,227300,27951793,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pumeca,Best simulator.
,Recommended,227300,26627788,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Flakes,"U can DRIVE, SLEEP, REFUELING, HONKING, DRIFTING and MODDING"
76561198262658244,Recommended,227300,27683133,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LV_Kicker  (JNK_Logistic),best
,Recommended,227300,27687816,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PapaWhiskey,"nice and relaxing, a little expencive man"
,Recommended,227300,27730025,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Snagator,GOOD SIMULATOR
76561198050297132,Recommended,227300,27829652,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Juicy J(Hrannar),thsi gaem is pretti guud
,Recommended,227300,29234598,Posted: 13 January,all,Irish Soflawlessknight97,Very Nice And Relaxing.
,Recommended,227300,8618241,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,BenPreme,fun game
,Recommended,227300,8966185,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,TheDisreputableKitten,"Good game to pass the time, also can be very glitchy at time *cough* mods *cough*."
76561198037141754,Recommended,227300,9106503,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,tsem13,"Very nice truck simulator , actually the best i have played , very well designed , lots of stuff to do in the game , although to be honest i would to see an mmo version of it , but single player also rock . The expansion is very cheap and very well designed as well . If you like simulation and driving this is the game you should try first. Trust me it is tremendous !!!!!"
,Recommended,227300,11062229,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dobbo from ISIS,Like Skyrim with trucks. 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,227300,11357328,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,VeXed,If you wanna sit 20 hours trucking round Europe this is the game for you. It's alot of fun driving all the jobs and a big challenge to get the best trucks. You can play this game for many MANY hours and not get bored. The graphics are AMAZING for just a trucking simulator. 10/10
76561197979667688,Recommended,227300,11381562,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Marauder2k9,Amazing simulation and the multiplayer mod is quite a ride. Remember games that are moddable are important to us gamers!!
,Recommended,227300,7893108,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,agb015,"This game from the title and screen shots might seem boring and dumb but trust me it is a load of fun. This game is less about experiencing an epic story and fighting monsters but more about sitting back, relaxing, and enjoying the best made simulator I have played. The environments are beautiful and well detailed. The trucks are gorgeous and all different. You can found a trucking business and make it grow or just take trucking jobs all over Europe. The road AI is great with cars and vehicles that seem like other players. You can even see people walking on the street when your in town (and they dont look like♥♥♥♥♥♥) This game is perfect for me when I get home from a stressful day and put on my favorite music. I dont have to fight anything or worry about death, just chill. If your feeling adventerous take a job across Europe that will take you hours but will test your endurance as a gamer, but you can get easily confused switching from England to the Europe mainland ( and England has more speed cameras!) Also the lighting from day to night and weather effects really add to the experience. One negative is that when upgrading your truck you cant easily tell what parts are doing what to your trucks performance. It would be nice if they added an easy to read stat system when buying and upgrading trucks. Other then some nitpicky things this is an awesome game and a great buy. If your not sure about taking the chance go ahead and wathc some videos. Nerd Cubed has a good video on his channel that will get you pumped to buy the game. If your still not sure wait for a sale (I did).I would give this game a 9/10 even if its hard to explain to my friends how much fun this game is :P"
,Recommended,227300,7872140,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Angus,"pretend to drink and drive, except with a hugeass truck that's even more dangerous to everyone than a normal car. plus its in europe and those guys are losers"
,Recommended,227300,8418154,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TheCrimsonGhost,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is just what it sounds like.  It simulates driving a semi-truck around Europe.  When you start the game, you create a driver, name your company and choose its logo.  Once you have finished that, you are behind the wheel.  The world is huge; it is a scaled down version of Europe.  Even though it is scaled down, it is absolutely massive.  You can buy trucks, property and hire employees to work for you.  You can even paint your truck some ridiculous paint schemes.The options are great.  When I open up a game for the first time, I always tweak the options.  You can have the truck automatically shift for you or have it so you can shift from reverse to neutral and neutral to drive.  You can even crank it all the way up to manual with clutch.  There are many graphics settings to tweak or max out.  The game even has the support for: keyboard, mouse, gamepad, or steering wheel steering.Euro Truck Simulator 2 shines in many areas.  It feels as though you are actually driving a truck.  You have a cabin view, and the world comes across as realistic.  The game isn’t top notch graphics-wise, but it still does look amazing when you are driving down a back road with nothing to do but look around. Most of the time when I play, I relax and catch up on some podcasts while driving throughout Europe or I can create a playlist of music I have on my PC.  In my opinion, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is completely addicting. You keep trying to drive better, arrive faster and upgrade your truck to drive better and look great.There are some areas in which Euro Truck Simulator 2 is lacking.  There doesn’t seem to be an end goal to the game.  You find yourself trying to get more and more money, but you can’t figure out why.  The other cars on the road seem to have some basic AI missing.  For instance, in real life, if a car 400 feet away from you makes a turn, you would slow down or stop if needed.  Sometimes the cars do stop, but you will find times where they don’t even slow down and they will hit you, causing you to need to make repairs to your truck and have road rage at something that isn’t even real.  One thing that could help this would be if SCS software made it so the horn on your truck actually made the other drivers react differently.  The horn seems more like a fun audible sound rather than a game mechanic.To wrap things up, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a worthy purchase.  There is no greater feeling than turning off the speed limiter and speeding through Europe, dodging cars and not realizing how fast you just took that turn until your truck is on its side.  It’s satisfying when you back up your truck to the bay on your first try while going full speed.  Even with the game’s flaws, I would definitely recommend this game to many people."
,Recommended,227300,25020961,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,☬ Darth Vaper ☬,"A good game with good graphics, who is very good to learn about real lifes struggles to :P (community level)"
,Recommended,227300,22870068,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Darth Tater,"HAVEYOUEVER WANTED TO BE A TRUCK DRIVER!?If ""yes"", this isTHEgame for you!!!If ""no"", this isNOT the game for you!!!THEgame for you!!!"
76561198236537358,Recommended,227300,22911298,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,hpc711,"A fantastic game for people who like driving, travelling, earning money, collecting cars (trucks) and geography of Europe. Despite not being a heavy gamer, I'm somehow really addicted to this game"
,Recommended,227300,21319205,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SolaireDaSunbro,Nice truck man
,Recommended,227300,25070746,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,UnpeeledBanana1,"This game gives great experiences of driving trucks and delivering cargo, online especially!You have to focus on the aspect of speed limits, other cars and your cargo. You can greet people whlist driving past them on the motorway. You can purchase and customise new trucks. If you get rear-ended by a Russian you shoot 500m down the motorway.Such a realistic gaming experience."
,Recommended,227300,24211246,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,def | Pvpro.com,"A lot of my friends stopped play this game just because of that they don't like trucks in real life. I still play this game because i don't like trucks, i love them and that game is for people like me. I recommend it just for real truckers and real truck fans. Happy driving ;) ."
,Recommended,227300,24326181,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Clippy,Your steam library is incomplete without this game.
,Recommended,227300,27956645,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,prapariski,very nice game
,Recommended,227300,27903683,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vule,Best truck simulation :) Relaxing game ...
76561198243317700,Recommended,227300,27853903,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Čiguons nomber tre | VAC ez lyf,Very Nice game.
76561198083783160,Recommended,227300,27805548,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Melemeno,"It is more than a truck driving simulator, it is an addiction. At first, most people think that you are going to drive a truck, try to finish some jobs and that will be all. But in real, you are going to spend your nights, destroy your social life to play and it will never be enough.Totally recommended.Nominated for  ""The Just 5 More Minutes"" Steam Award"
,Recommended,227300,28435835,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Carson Lueders Family,<3
,Recommended,227300,28399478,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,TheScaryScare,This game is fun when you tip over every car you see
,Recommended,227300,28591169,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dusty,I didn't know driving a trailer truck could be this fun.
76561198163829269,Recommended,227300,28163213,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,The Slow Stig,"Do you like trucks?Do you like grindy games?Do you like driving?Do you like being a business owner?Do you like getting your moneys worth?Do you like games?Do you have a PC?If you answered yes to any of these questions, this game is for you!"
76561198301373336,Recommended,227300,28164296,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,GENOS,good
76561198065054298,Recommended,227300,28703725,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TTiikeri,"I still have not decided, if I really like this game or not.Something about the grinding of highways is quite fantastic. Still, I can't help but be bored when I'm in the middle of long journey, and nothing really happens. Except when your mind wanders off and you hit the barrier fence, and lose everything. I'm stil in the beginning, and currently saving money for my first truck. After that some tune ups, more trucks and drivers for them...Driving many jobs at one session feels tedious, so I have not yet found the one thing that quite a few players seem to say about it. But it's fantastic game to waste some time."
76561198155589315,Recommended,227300,28715369,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Oli4021,ITS A NICEST GAME WHAT I PLAY!
,Recommended,227300,28666121,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,HamsterMK2,Best game i've ever played. Its given me hours of enjoyment and meny more to come. Amazing!
,Recommended,227300,28930965,Posted: 1 January,all,Beardly Delusion,most fun doing the speed limit ive had
,Recommended,227300,29874249,Posted: 12 February,all,Nert,Good.
,Recommended,227300,29278054,Posted: 15 January,all,Zevo.,Nice simulating game.
,Recommended,227300,29297624,Posted: 16 January,all,Monster | E-Dubble,Very poorly optimized.
76561198202903539,Recommended,227300,29047853,Posted: 5 January,all,Skz,very good
76561198230789080,Recommended,227300,29191566,Posted: 11 January,all,csgoatse.comGCA,Güzel oyun tavsiye ederim.
,Recommended,227300,27701656,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kreatiinikeijukainen,There is no matter how many times you ragequit this game. Easily the best trucking simulator game!
,Recommended,227300,27557053,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blind Assassin4K,euro truck is a fantastic game to just relax and look at the country side
,Recommended,227300,27573377,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GUNCHESTERman,really good game buy it
76561197983835594,Recommended,227300,27586354,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MOH_Skid,"Yes, I thought this was an interesting idea but c'mon, a truck driving sim? Dull, right? Wrong. I tried the demo in which I got to drive these odd, unfamiliar European trucks. It peaked my interest and I got the game. The premise is simple: learn the ropes doing jobs for companies, save your money, buy a truck and start out on your own. You eventually buy and expand garages, hire drivers and buy more trucks for your fleet. The scenery and weather are great. The trucks are beautiful. And you can customize and upgrade them in a number of ways. The sim is configurable for difficulty, for many types of controllers and for many graphics options. Overall a solid, entertaining sim with replay value and frequent updates from the developer."
,Recommended,227300,27181132,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EndEffect,The best truck simulator game ever
76561197994570644,Recommended,227300,27351058,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Herbdog,The Best piece of software ever made.
76561198051689105,Recommended,227300,27358069,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,asm2sam,This game exceeded what I expected of it. I had the G27 and got the Oculus which made the experience even more real and awesome. Great game 10/10.
,Recommended,227300,26179078,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Nypelayte,It's a cool simulator
76561198274225438,Recommended,227300,26193442,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,vubinh1994,"Greatest truck simulator I've ever played. Second place is 18 Wheels of Steel series, especially Haulin'I think it would be kind of cool if the developers could add on wheel covers for trucks both in ETS2 and ATS in the future."
,Recommended,227300,26944601,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aeronautica,"I've played this game for 275 hours now, and I have to say, this is a game that drags me back in from time to time just to relax. This game is worth buying if you love trucks, driving, and just wanting to create a trucking empire by hiring other truckers to your company and customizing their trucks (as well as yours) in a wide variety of ways.Also, ETS2 has a lot of different mods you can try out, and they range from map mods (ProMods and RusMap) to cargo and truck mods as well, either through the Steam workshop or third-party websites."
,Recommended,227300,27489603,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,malerin,"Unusually calming and relaxing. I mean, it's a cargo truck simulator. But there's just something about cruising along the Autobahn with a cargo of ice creams and listening to the radio..."
,Recommended,227300,27432720,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,♛ Ghetto Sniper,"This is a chill game, i can play it whenever i wanna chill."
,Recommended,227300,26276106,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Killer Elite™,"Nice game but once you start playing, you lose track of time."
,Recommended,227300,24581278,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,✪Ferrari •—•,I recommend this game. It's cool game
,Recommended,227300,24591532,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SebaBress,"I don't like to drive in real life, I'm really bad at it. But in here, my stupidity does not cause material damage or fatal victims! And I can see the european scenery too. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,227300,17121502,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Zaikness [Bravado],"Euro Truck Simulator 2, bring trucking of the real world to your home. A great game for you to play on your own (if the AI dont knock you off the road). Or even better playing with your friends in the multiplayer Mod."
,Recommended,227300,32467359,Posted: 16 June,all,;;Bică,Very nice game !
,Recommended,227300,13567454,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,evil tomatoes,"i got this 4 days ago, and am 38hrs into it.there's just something about barreling down the highway in a 5-ton 700HP truck with a 20-ton trailer in tow that makes it fun. that's me going wacko with the speed limiter off. with it on or off, driving through all those highways and the traffic is just soothing of sorts.the only issue i have with the game is that it doesn't make an effort to explain what are the upgrades for. why have different cabin types and chassis? the devs can fix that with a patch if they feel like it. i mean seriously, you have to start googling before you buy those upgrades or you're gonna burn through your cash real fast."
76561198106626546,Recommended,227300,16557718,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Hank Hill,10/10 would truck again
76561198084321745,Recommended,227300,13190714,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Mix,"After many years of wondering why on earth people would play a game where all you do is drive a truck, my curiosity finally peaked and I bought it during the Exploration sale.I don't know if I'm more confused or happy to say that I really enjoy Euro Truck simulator, and I recommend it to anyone apprehensive about buying it. It's actually pretty fun, and there is a sense of fulfillment when you save up enough money to buy your own truck.Please keep an eye on the ""Hours left"" for missions though. I drove across Germany only to find that the job had been filled hours before. Kinda missed that little detail early on... But anyway, great game."
76561198158091695,Recommended,227300,12506561,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Darius Hunter,This game is great. Just speanding hours upon hours driving across Europe is fun. XD The mods for this game are also amazing I might add. :DI approve of this game simulator and it scores a 10/10 from me.
,Recommended,227300,19329998,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,♛ Ka$ee ♛,Best simulator :)
,Recommended,227300,28208275,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Dom™,It's a great relaxing game but dlcs are overpriced AF.
,Recommended,227300,27491968,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spark Jarrow,for lovers of the road and the radio
,Recommended,227300,28885508,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Martins,"It's Relaxing,plus! you can delevop your own company,Example( Brexit ) :)"
,Recommended,227300,20164667,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,funny guy,"Now this is what you call an actual Simulator, not that crap like Tree Simulator, Grass simulator, Toilet Simulator and ♥♥♥♥ing firefighters simulator. You'll get tickets if you do dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥like not turning your headlight on when you need to. You need to refill your truck at gas station, when low on fuel. You can drive around Europe (missing some countries like Sweden you need DLC for that). You get job oppurtunities constantly, but they are basically all the same, drive from point A to B and deliver this and that, get money, continue, buy trucks and hire employees. Its actually really fun if you don't have a drivers license."
,Recommended,227300,25227976,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,BCrossing,"This is one of those games that looks wierd, but is really fun.I highly recoment you play the demo for atleast an hour, you might really like it!Pros:+Huge map+Great value+Great DLC+Great modding communityCons:"
,Recommended,227300,13528802,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,betanu,i like it cuz idk why
,Recommended,227300,8571045,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Bob Jenkins,"I found out about this game about a year ago (before it even came out on steam!) and laughed at the thought of it at first. I came home and downloaded it and promtly started playing thinking I would get bored of it quite quickly. This thought was completely wrong, I found myself entranced in this game for a further 4 hours, ignoring the fact that whilst I was playing my girlfriend showed up at my house.Playing for a year now my trucking business has slowly got bigger and bigger, you feel a real sense of acomplishment with every garage that you buy and every driver that you hire.When I first started playing I was using a gamepad which was alright but you just don't get the same experience without a steering wheel and footpedals, so I made it my goal to buy a set. Six months after I set this goal I finally got a job and knew the first thing I was going to buy with my pay was a steering wheel and foot pedals, this was the best purchase of my life, my ETS2 experience just got even more addicting.Unfortunately, it was not until recently (the christmas sale) that I bought the game. After buying the game it got even better. I had no idea about all the updates that had been done. You can now feel the road and the engine in the steering wheel and the air brakes are finally realistic. The physics have been improved and there is now no speed limiter on the trucks.Everything in this game is amazing and I would recommend it to anyone!! Tell your friends even tell your mum to buy this its just that great!!"
,Recommended,227300,8572232,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ThinWhiteDuke,"I definately recommend this game! I play it when I'm restless at night, it's so boring, it makes me doze off! >:3"
,Recommended,227300,8570072,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,TypicalT,It is a very good game!You drive trucks all across europe and if you download mods you can drive even to america and etc.
76561198310780664,Recommended,227300,24405940,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Fantoma_CJ_3 RPG 1 B-ZONE,Nice games
,Recommended,227300,24578920,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,TheSpaceSK,Best simulator of how stupid can be drivers...10/10 road pirates would crash in my truck again
,Recommended,227300,21301161,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Glidezehh Farmskins.com,soooo funny killing other trucks and cars
,Recommended,227300,25313849,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,No One Care,"My friend send this dlc , it's very good!"
76561198273136222,Recommended,227300,23824414,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gurami Karichashvili,very good game
,Recommended,227300,24076069,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SHTEFAN farmskins.com,Make it to can play multiplayer with world of trucks not with truckersMP please
76561198104938772,Recommended,227300,21576402,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,CoolCatDex,My dream job is now trucking in a 750hp globetrotter XL with an air horn and beacons.
,Recommended,227300,21527565,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Keepitblue,NOTE: This review is for this game + ProModsPicks up Fuel in AndorraDrives thru curves tighter than a hairpinGoes thru so much toll booths and exits in FranceFlies off an exit and suffers 10% damageGoes thru SwitzerlandDrives over 100 mph oh Autobahn until I finally make 47 grand in Ulm16/10 Would Play Again
,Recommended,227300,23867246,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Attics,"Driving a truck,Driving a big 'ole' truck,Picking up wh0r3s and murdering them'cos I don't give a f......oops - sorry, wrong game.Truck Simulator 2 is actually a really good game.  You can buy several garages for your company, build up a fleet of trucks, upgrade them and train the drivers as you drive around Europe, making money and levelling up yourself.It's highly addictive (""oh, just one more run""), looks fantastic, and plays well with the Xbox controller.You can't actually murder pr0stitutes like real truck-drivers, but other than that, it's quite realistic."
,Recommended,227300,22295222,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,♕ Mchow 福,Very good
76561197972416508,Recommended,227300,22537536,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Fluffy Cute Bunny,"There is no good reason for this to exist.  There is no reason why driving a big rig around fake digital towns should be enjoyable.  There is no reason that despite experiencing road rage caused by idiotic AI that I would keep playing.  Yet I shall continue to deliver goods around barely populated, tiny versions of real world locations, and you should, too."
76561198263790802,Recommended,227300,23211315,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Larroid,great game
76561198155183564,Recommended,227300,31129141,Posted: 13 April,all,aprisasmoro,Enjoy Play This Game and See your world in ETS 2
76561198088749944,Recommended,227300,23036649,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,OnlyL0v3z,highly recommended
,Recommended,227300,23751391,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Coco The Cat,A fun game if you just wants to do something. A time comsuming game.Can be very hard if you are not good at driving games...Realistic in many ways.
,Recommended,227300,23999631,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,joshua_369,"AI driving in this game is rubbish. In other words, Its just like real lifeReal life driving simulator 9.5/10"
,Recommended,227300,24051007,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,xJinQs,"Euro Truck Simulator 2,my friends said to not write a negative review,so here it is!:3"
,Recommended,227300,24055580,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,kawasaki,10/10 absolutely worth it.ProsConseasy to kill timeno more sleeping
76561198254995900,Recommended,227300,29101892,Posted: 7 January,all,Elijah Reyes,Best simulated truck game I ever bought!
,Recommended,227300,21546909,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Jewbacca™,"I can't afford a Eurotrip. No, I can't even afford to go to Europe. This is the closest I can get to exploring Europe."
,Recommended,227300,31706456,Posted: 12 May,all,Slice'N'Dice,"First off, I wonder if I am one of the few, or only, actual HGV1 (40 tonne) licenced trucker (who spent many years on the road hauling various loads across the UK and Europe) who actually bought and plays this game! Although I gave up driving for a living, I still get the occasional itch to jump in a cab which was one of the reasons I gave this game a go. So far I must admit that it's better than I expected and has soothed the itch and I don't have to worry about tachographs, not getting home when expected, the police or Ministry of Transport stops or the boss rattling my cage for another job to get done by yesterday. I can drive and relax, stop when I want and have a life :PGraphically the trucks are amazing and driving the DAF XF brings back many memories. The vehicles and trailor handling is also pretty close to reality which adds a nice touch to virtaul driving. One massive bonus was being able to listen and connect to 'Trucker FM' live radio within the game which I really didn't expect. There are many other radio stations you could tune into including the BBC stations (yawn) and many European ones too. The choice is yours plus it makes for a boring drive along a motorway, less tedious. Just keep an eye on your onboard satnav and you won't go wrong.The ability to customise you unit (as you level up) is a nice touch although they are somewhat limited so far but enough to satisfy the custom build. These range from paint jobs and some of them are trully awesome, bull bars, air horns and spot lights, transmission, cab interior fittings (fridge box, laptop, sun glasses, etc) and many other improvements. We have all seen some amazing tucks on the road where drivers have added their own touch to their unit, you can do the same here without the expense it would generally cost.In the game you can build up your company, hire drivers etc and push towards having a more CEO management role but then that defeats the pure thill of being behind the wheel running from point a to point b, c, d, etc.Now, onto the scenery graphics. They may not be mind blowingly great but they suffice. If you are spending too much time observing your surroundings then you ain't paying attention to the road ;) You will spot well known land marks and they do look pretty good. In all, it's the driving experience which should keep you hooked. If you like pretty pictures and scenery then do the tourist thing and trawl your photo albums.You can further expand the game with add-on packs (DLC) consisting of routes, paint jobs, trailors, etc., although they offer more, they're not that necessary. Some can be fairly cheap, others cost nearly as much as the game itself. The content in them will vary in what you get for the price. Some will seem ok for value, others will be a let down. In a way I can see the cost helping with further patched and game development but I also feel that some companies seem to exploit their addicted gamers.To sum up. For those of you that have always wanted to know what driving trucks are like, you should give this game a go even if just for a short time. You will learn more than you realise and may adjust your own driving habits while on actual roads in your cars, being more considerate to truckers themselves and what they go through on a daily basis.ETS2 can also be played using a VR headset. Details of how to configure this are:* Open properties of ETS2 in steam.* Uncheck Use Desktop Game Theatre while SteamVR is Active.* Click set launch options and type "" -openvr"" (without quotes)* Go to betas tab and opt into oculus - Oculus/Vive (1.4.0)* Start SteamVR and run the game.Once in-game, use F12 to reset your position. You should now be in VR mode."
,Recommended,227300,32547223,Posted: 18 June,all,Cookie,Best simulator game! :)
,Recommended,227300,14053250,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,tikupra ⇋HG⇌,SO ♥♥♥♥ING GUT. YES.BUY IT.LOVE IT.♥♥♥♥ IT.LOVE IT SOME MORE.TAKE IT OUT FOR DINNER.PROPOSE TO IT!
,Recommended,227300,17800978,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,iZodiiac,Loving this game :D
,Recommended,227300,19967344,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Pasteur,Its ok i guess.
76561198154628287,Recommended,227300,26088115,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Dav1d,nice game
76561198196467686,Recommended,227300,28138562,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,jonathanyang,Good game but you must have patience.
,Recommended,227300,23909051,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,WTFFFFFFF???????????????????????,Хороша игра
,Recommended,227300,31392619,Posted: 27 April,all,xxcherrillxx,Honestly such a simple yet creative game with so much workshop content. One of the best SIMS out there
,Recommended,227300,18221397,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,фей меня,"what makes the game great:- the scenery, graphic and that kind of stuff- Mechanics. how the game works, mission and in-game stuff- Huge mapthings that needed to improve:- Price of the game and dlcs needed to be halfed or maybe cut 25% so it'll be affordable by most people- Varieties of trucks, cargo, and models needed to be improved by adding more trucks, cargo, and models.Overall, i enjoy this game."
,Recommended,227300,31415086,Posted: 28 April,all,ZUMBA #rz,relaxing game
,Recommended,227300,10967119,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Prelude,must buy this game....11/10...many things you can playing in euro truck simulator 2
76561198066709855,Recommended,227300,32323103,Posted: 10 June,all,008Ivan,"So wonderful,  so joyful and most relaxing game in the world.  Definitely I would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,227300,27190979,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bluedolphin-Kang,"This is absolutely a good simulation game.You can drive the major truck brand around europe, with all those different landscape.If you find this game repetitive or unrealistic, all you need is those excellent mods in the community.With more new region adding into the game as DLC in the future, one day we might drive from Lisbon all the way to Murmansk."
76561197988001805,Recommended,227300,31982347,Posted: 26 May,all,Belgarath,"Well tbh there's not that much to do.You drive, you complete deliveries to gain money and buy more trucks & hire workers to earn you more money.Yet i cannot stop playing it..The graphics are decent, physics are top notch. All in all it's the best truck simulator expereience you can find."
,Recommended,227300,32883676,Posted: 27 June,all,Game1602,ha
,Recommended,227300,31678022,Posted: 10 May,all,Madara,"Very good and realistic game. Physics are awesome. It's so interesting to play this game, I'm playing ets2 3 years and I'm not bored I playing it."
,Recommended,227300,32885718,Posted: 27 June,all,MJ,Great game. Played over 300hrs
,Recommended,227300,7660994,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Z4NN1N,Simply the best at what it does!
,Recommended,227300,24411857,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Pakkiri,"Driving down the Autobahn @ 160km/h+ with a trailer, what could possibly go wrong?"
76561198339337320,Recommended,227300,32913539,Posted: 27 June,all,JRyno,"IS GOOD GAME, WITH MULTIPLAYER MOD"
,Recommended,227300,23681390,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GraveSlayer,The most relaxing game to play when I need to wind down from the stresses of exam season... except for when I roll my truck and start freaking out.
76561198115969926,Recommended,227300,32917344,Posted: 28 June,all,PuffyBananaSleeves,impossible not to give it a positive review. This game is very relaxing.
76561198285040492,Recommended,227300,32842510,Posted: 26 June,all,HorizonSpirit,Definitley recommend this game
,Recommended,227300,27562051,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LeFixxy,"Very Fun game. I don't know why I just love this game. When I bought I thought it would be very boring, but even if takes time to make some trips it is actually funny. I highly recommend it !"
,Recommended,227300,27896299,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ΣuŕopeanHunter™,Very nice game.
,Recommended,227300,28601340,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sparkle,Great game
,Recommended,227300,26709404,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mr.Anestis™,I love this game! Very good! <3
,Recommended,227300,26689647,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Captain21_aj,"I really enjoy this game. There's a lot of truck types that you can choose.You can costumize, or upgrade your trucks anything you want. If you need more income, you can hire drivers and upgrade your garage too. This game even has a radio in it(welp you need to copy your music to the game local files). The gameplay are cool i think, you can simply go anywhere in europe in this game, and its rules on each country(not all city), and there's truck and trailer damage. About graphics, i think its good enough. I like it. There's no real physical damage on this game, but the roadsign may be damaged if you hit it.Other than all of that, this game could become quite boring if you're running on a long range delivery, i cant really stand it, even at night. I got issues with the brightness. At night, i couldn't really see anything at all tho, the trucks light are very good, but other cars and trucks light are not really on, and the road lamp doesnt help at all. Not sure is it the graphic setting or something.10/10 ""niceeee"" simulation game"
,Recommended,227300,27293885,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Churchill,"so truck, very trailer, such speed, wow"
,Recommended,227300,27081757,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tedu,"Totally fun, go on multiplayer mode, take a job 1500km +,  drive safe till destination and boom someone crashes into you near destination making 60+ dmg"
76561197995302708,Recommended,227300,27499047,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Alceol,Great Game!!
,Recommended,227300,27656431,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mikenai,"I didn't really liked the past releases for euro truck simulator, until I tried this and learnt how realistic the game engine was. Now that After putting so much hours to this game, I still enjoy driving around. I appreciate the efforts of the developers constantly updating the game engine making Euro Truck Simulator 2 (Same to American Truck Simulator) so much better."
,Recommended,227300,27199918,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,niger blaster,11/10Would wait at Calais-Duisburg for 4 hours again!
76561198287105820,Recommended,227300,27215735,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jarnoboy010,euro truck simulator 2 is the best simulator game ever made with te best graphicks
76561198031531976,Recommended,227300,27640841,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Deexenigma,"When you need to just chill out and drive for a bit, or you want to run awry on the highways.Best served with a steering wheel and a sense of duty. It's a long, tedious, driving simulator with fairly realistic (I've never driven a semi) physics. You can drive on what are basic highway and road layouts, however much developed over the first, the cities breathe a certain essence of life.If you want a 'me time' game. Something that isn't mentally taxing and you have the hardware to suit. This will fit the bill. Definitely worth the price of admission, preferably buy the route expansions as well, they're well worth it."
76561198035984473,Recommended,227300,27721857,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sapphire,"This is one of those games you'd think you'd get bored with quickly, but is surprisingly addictive."
76561197984926698,Recommended,227300,27707398,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ruffie,I play this game just to listen to the online radio stations
76561198119095592,Recommended,227300,27840135,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Anti-Damage Copcil,"The sheer spiritual beauty of this is indescribeable,you are the truck,you are a bearded middle aged fat man drivig a truck of   toys to poor kids in the czech republic.This is the ultimate way to meditate."
,Recommended,227300,27854658,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,░Çre§enta░,Just keep driving. Just keep driving. Just keep driving driving driving.
,Recommended,227300,24066641,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ImTotallyNotMessi,Amazing Simulation of the European Truck industry at its finest. Good gameplay and amazing support for the multiplayer mod avalible to download on the internet. Great physics and amazing graphics! Rating 8.5/10
,Recommended,227300,23894747,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Vaporueb,I love that it is very well optimized and I can play it on a wooden pc.
76561198100530207,Recommended,227300,23410426,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,GlobalBull,It's a good game when your mom won't let you play cs:go10/10 would use as a time filler again
76561198143811457,Recommended,227300,23494531,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Malk-Shake,"The AI is F***ing dumb, but other than that the game is great."
76561198267727314,Recommended,227300,24290969,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Fillinlak3 ツ,BEST GAME EVER!
76561198014516598,Recommended,227300,26441015,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tommmmmm,"As dependable as your favourite pair of underpants. Pretty boring but will rub you up the right way.Along the way you will experience lonliness, existential terror and the meaningless of life as your brain tunes out and the trance of the road takes over. It will suck you in and by the time you snap out of it you will have missed your next turn and are on a bewildering journey trying to find your way back while pulling 20 tonnes of cheese.It is Sisyphus: The Game."
,Recommended,227300,29148549,Posted: 9 January,all,Tom the N00B,you start this game and forget about time.
,Recommended,227300,28035691,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,NGB,"Very good game and relaxing. This game has no ends. Sometime I got bored, but sometime I want to play this again. While the other games have violent gameplay like racing or shooting, this game trains us to drive safely and carefully."
76561198068412381,Recommended,227300,27356517,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WastedWalrus,One of the most relaxing games I have ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,29548115,Posted: 28 January,all,prados,"This is not just a game, this is hobby.  This is love. This is life."
76561198007328941,Recommended,227300,25979074,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,hastatus,"The game could use more robust mechanics and features (with seeing your employed drivers use the trucks assigned with the relevant upgrades is one), but is manageable at its current state.Very manageable."
76561198122940047,Recommended,227300,29792127,Posted: 8 February,all,PDTuba,Very relaxing. Play if you got stress.
,Recommended,227300,27436379,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rage!',"Best trucking experience so far, great map, especially with the dlc's. A lot of trucks, customization options, and even more with the MODS. Still getting updated, so not outdated.  I r8 8/10"
,Recommended,227300,27650680,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kizit,i like
,Recommended,227300,28868599,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,M@szek,I couldn't belive what could possible entertaining about driving big cars...uuuuh big cars :) gtg back play some more...
,Recommended,227300,28728664,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TheBandit #BULANOS,Very good game
76561198117491044,Recommended,227300,26862946,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr_Jolly,"really enjoyable toplayespecially with head tracking led cap that i made specially for this game !to look about and enjoy the view as i cross endless distances making ""just one"" more deliverytaking chances at junctions and overtaking , i canm make this bend at this speed right?then trying to manauvre your load into place at the end when u are tired :)really wirth it and get some dlc map expansions too which add good extra stuff including harder loading dumping than the orig game had, its really developed over timeand some future developements to come i believe like multiplayer from devs themseves rather than anadd on 3rd party ^^"
,Recommended,227300,26868529,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bron1kk,If you had very bad day and you are so angry and you want just chill and listen good music its best way to you.You can forget your worries and just driving your BIG CAR and enjoying them.
,Recommended,227300,26871132,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr.Zzzzzz,"Great Product, Great Content, High Quality. This game has everything you are looking for in a simulation based game."
,Recommended,227300,26568168,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,WOLOLO,"BESTGAMEEVEROsea, me follaria los que hicieron esta obra maestra, el mejor juego de todos, > hl, me vuelvo lacaaaaaaaaaa 15/10"
,Recommended,227300,24313010,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Roader Matte,worth it
,Recommended,227300,32621905,Posted: 21 June,all,MICHAL,PLEASE  CONSOLE VERSION  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  MORE MONEY FOR You and more fun for everyone :)
76561198179379838,Recommended,227300,32814892,Posted: 26 June,all,Skeet-Kohai,Best game of all time
,Recommended,227300,16667377,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,hellsvien,"I'm a pretty lazy person, so I hardly feel like writing reviews.Euro Truck Simulator 2 is an amazing simulator. A nice range of trucks, with lots of customization options available.Euro Truck Simulator 2 takes you all across Europe, through winding hills and up speeding highways.You start from the bottom, and work your way up to 1 private truck, you can then go on to own your own massive logistics company.What makes this game really amazing is the fact that there is a great FREE mod called Euro Truck Simulator 2 Multiplayer. This awesome mod allows you to play with up to 2000 other players on different servers around the world. It really makes it social, and not so lonely when driving those long roads.World of trucks website, also allows you to customize your avitar with custom pictures, you can even change your plate and show off your trucks to the world, just imagine a Facebook of TRUCKING.I highly recommend this game, for people that enjoy driving in particular, people who like business and progression.Rated 9/10.(9/10 due to some slight bugs that can be annoying, but nothing much)."
,Recommended,227300,32185697,Posted: 4 June,all,suri,"Great game, but NO cloud ( i had to reinstall my pc(clean install) so all my savings are gone). Was forgot that this game is still without cloud after many years.  So that is very disappointing I think."
,Recommended,227300,30426483,Posted: 10 March,all,0jcis,My favorite game. It is very fun to do trucking together with friends.
76561198013619952,Recommended,227300,10678587,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dying Breed,Took a wrong turn in Berlin and drove around for almost a half an hour to make it 3 full blocks. This game has convinced me never to go to Germany and drive a truck.
,Recommended,227300,12831261,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,SebyAGL™ WILDCASE.COM,I like the game..Recommend this game!
,Recommended,227300,2415386,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,A Jas Soufrito,"Lo siento Red, me temo que no puedo hacer eso. [Eyección y lanzamiento en paracaidas]Una actividad laboral cotidiana, a priori aburrida, puede hacer un juego entretenido, que dé para hacer segundas partes y versiones del otro lado del charco."
,Recommended,227300,33179593,Posted: 3 July,all,[HETY] RoboGG,This is a fun game 9/10
76561198072010502,Recommended,227300,19890665,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,PussyFucker2000,It's a beautiful game ! at the begining you think is very boring but after a time is the best game that you ever seen :O is worth every euro ...
,Recommended,227300,33173748,Posted: 3 July,all,提迪勒 Letapedis 勒迪提,Nice game better than Fidget Spinner 😎
76561198162204369,Recommended,227300,23603613,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Nolatipus-GR,awesome game i wish they added snow or hail to the weather but awesome game (i know this review isnt that good but meh)
,Recommended,227300,33165848,Posted: 2 July,all,Stig Czar,I like trucks
,Recommended,227300,33129537,Posted: 2 July,all,NuteLLa,It's OK:)
,Recommended,227300,33181950,Posted: 3 July,all,Hamuretto | 6969,Never wanted to cause a road accident so badly.
,Recommended,227300,33245680,Posted: 4 July,all,Despacito,yeaaa
,Recommended,227300,31707341,Posted: 12 May,all,seTh,nice game
,Recommended,227300,31705240,Posted: 12 May,all,RauleN,"Relaxing game, dai la os."
,Recommended,227300,31700662,Posted: 12 May,all,ṧᵢ❡ηαℓ,"Very good game, especially as the devs continue to add new content. However it is getting a bit long in the tooth and the signs are showing."
76561198083327857,Recommended,227300,31756177,Posted: 14 May,all,DarkBird,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is really amazing, really realistic and most importantlyfun, I would of thought just by watching videos on youtube if I would enjoy ETS2, some were crap to watch but some are great cause they do it properly....butit is really addicting, and is a lot more relaxing when you are listening to the radio....for me BBC 1 Radio :D. If you are stressed, bored and can be a*** with anything just play ETS2 and take your cargo to the final destination, that is if you dont fall asleep on the journy. I did at first was like what the ****, and kinda scared me a bit when I first heard the driver yawning and ofc it had to be at night with headphones on.Highly recommend Euro Truck Simulator 2 if you are really keen on driving long distances, and plus if you are into trucks :)."
76561198138007760,Recommended,227300,26285816,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,PARTYNEXTDOOR,"Отличная игра,помогает расслабитья"
76561198244484650,Recommended,227300,20361944,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,hypnoracer,Lots of fun!
,Recommended,227300,31732690,Posted: 13 May,all,Lloyd gamdom.com,Positive ResponceAt first  i throught this game was going to be sh!t so i decided to get it anyways but it is very adiactive and annoying to learn but a awesome experiance +1
,Recommended,227300,23085720,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Syr3L,You like to drive ?Have you ever wanted to experience the live of Trucker Tim?Found your own Truck Company and start making money with logisticsCustomize your Trucks - Expand Your Company - Conquer the StreetsSingleplayer or Multiplayer**Modded Only
,Recommended,227300,33039315,Posted: 30 June,all,ImNotSENTINEL,"Drive, Deliver, Sleep, Drive. Deliver, Sleep...*finds out that there is a multiplayer mod*Drive, Gets hit by another truck, Repairs, Lost a couple euros, gets hit again, quits game.I love this game...(Frickin kids drive like maniacs)"
,Recommended,227300,33088607,Posted: 1 July,all,Res. | ProjectCherokee,"Nice game, heeeeelpfuuuul revieeeeeew"
76561198329449742,Recommended,227300,32704861,Posted: 23 June,all,paws2202,Absolutely love this game!!! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
76561198039424448,Recommended,227300,33185888,Posted: 3 July,all,glory road,There is something really calming about this game.  Maybe it's the slow pace combined with the scenes of natural beauty that you drive past.  It feels like taking a road trip.Note that the radio station in game will only play .OGG files that you put in the directory; MP3s will not work.Very happy with this purchase.  Running on Linux Mint 18.1.
76561198095478071,Recommended,227300,8432429,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kimi Räikkönen,A fine game if you want to travel and relax.
,Recommended,227300,32925140,Posted: 28 June,all,MatEZz csgolive.com,Really good and fun game to play.
76561198091345403,Recommended,227300,33156431,Posted: 2 July,all,Lukas,♥♥♥
,Recommended,227300,10628275,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lotion,I can finally play out my dream of shooting heroin and ♥♥♥♥ing truck stop hookers like my father always said I'd do.
,Recommended,227300,23868556,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Andre.R,My truck company works as a great front for my cocaine empire. Money laundering has never been easier. 10/10.
,Recommended,227300,29471740,Posted: 24 January,all,canomano02,"You buy this game because you have extra money on a steam sale, not think much of it until you get addicted to it xd"
,Recommended,227300,32894244,Posted: 27 June,all,el Barto^^,muito bom
,Recommended,227300,32890534,Posted: 27 June,all,crycket,"I've been playing this for ages; it's fun and I recommend it when it's on sale.Oh and, you better have a good graphics card. The game isn't very well optimized."
,Recommended,227300,13914019,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Pearse,Great game - Detail in simulation is phenominal and is is even better when combined with the ETS 2 Multiplayer Mod!
,Recommended,227300,30644248,Posted: 20 March,all,Mano,"Accidently made my company in Germany, and then proceeded to transport gas to/from the UK. My company has grown to be very successful over-time thanks to my genius business planning!"
76561198070297310,Recommended,227300,33659819,Posted: 19 July,all,Emre ♚,this game gave me my first boner
76561198293000631,Recommended,227300,33652442,Posted: 19 July,all,Tata Puiu,yes
76561198178205305,Recommended,227300,33652482,Posted: 19 July,all,GTWILL Minecraft & More,It an amazing game so educational to kids I definitely recomend this game
76561197987370343,Recommended,227300,19663150,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Kouceiro,"Ir a 140 por la autovia, saltarse todos los semaforos del mundo. Ir de Budapest a Bruselas en direccion contraria. Todo es posible en Euro Truck Simulator 2."
76561198006742158,Recommended,227300,33646110,Posted: 19 July,all,Grant182,Never thought this would be my kinda thing. Very Addictive and would totally recommend. Do it!
,Recommended,227300,19765976,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,SteF,Best trucking simulator ever made.
,Recommended,227300,19944254,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Hugh Neutron,Really relaxing game... That is until you nail a minivan into railing and get stuck in front of 4 lanes of traffic.
76561198039641917,Recommended,227300,27697383,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,VillaiNous-,Best truck simulator so far
,Recommended,227300,27698464,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,thebalansl,Best simulator game ever ! When does ETS 3 come out?
,Recommended,227300,27697921,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ZxPEPEzX,Jogo muito bom recomendoNota: 10/10
76561198262859722,Recommended,227300,33635390,Posted: 18 July,all,totalgamertb21,This game will help me with driving in the future.It is really good.I have enjoyed every hour of it so far.
,Recommended,227300,1664248,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Flatline,Probably one of the most relaxing games I've ever played. Bonus points for the in-game streaming radio.
,Recommended,227300,10804964,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,=LXN= IceGT,If you enjoy hot dinners and long drives and hypersensitive mouse steering you will enjoy this game
76561198165173639,Recommended,227300,33534649,Posted: 14 July,all,.LE|GenloX,Amazing and chill game!
,Recommended,227300,33524777,Posted: 13 July,all,NLMB,good game to pass time in.
76561198109699463,Recommended,227300,10794090,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Aldor,"Driving around in a truck doing delivery jobs should not be fun, but for some reason it is.The game is easy enough to get in to, even for non hardcore simulator fans like myself. The goal of building and expanding your own trucking business provides enough replayability in what could have otherwise become a repetitive and monotonus game.The in-game radio streamed live is a bonus and allows for a relaxing and enjoyable experience.7/10"
76561198387868900,Recommended,227300,33036433,Posted: 30 June,all,Katta,i LOVE THIS GAME... Without this i would be hurt... I need this game to live my life... Buy this game or he will come... Send help my friend... I was not paid to say this.SEND HELP
,Recommended,227300,33457678,Posted: 11 July,all,Svec,"Great controller suppport, I use my logitech g29 when playing and it is very smooth along with the force feedback the wheel offers.Very calm and chilled game... unless you play online with people that can't f*cking drive.Would recommend this to anyone that enjoys this... genre, I suppose, of game."
,Recommended,227300,33470107,Posted: 11 July,all,Insanerogue,Really great gameplay. Graphics are astounding. Great way to relax at the end of the day. Would highly recommend!
,Recommended,227300,29100957,Posted: 7 January,all,| Wolf |,"What can I say about this game!First of all I have been so happy with this purchase and it has been a very fun experience for me, this game is great. If your willing to but it pull the trigger now, this game is also very good on multiplayer which while there may be a certain amount of people who want to kill you there overall it's all good. The reason I like this game so much has to do with me being an addict to racing games, this is why I would recommend you buy a steering wheel beforehand as it has not been as fun when I used to have to use a keyboard.Let's talk about the game for a bit now, the amazing graphics, the good optimisation and best of all the AI has improved drastically. Overall for all car finatics this is a must. Thankyou for reading this.Sincerely Andrew"
,Recommended,227300,14215692,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Oakspirit,"11/10 This game punishes you for running through stop lights this happened to mehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=383011835Okay so serious review now:This is really a GREAT game, if you are bored, stresed, just got home from work/school this game is a great getaway. This really is two games in one though, it combines a truck simulator with company management..kinda anyay just buy the game already.. Oh so that isn't enough for you? Well here are the Pros and consI'll start with the consCons:1. AI is kind of bad2. You can't own trailers but you can own trucksPros:1. Authentic Simulator2. Rumble Stripes3. MODS!4. Lots of trucks!5. Lots of truck customization6. Can be ran on a laptop/low end PC7. EVERYTHING8. Great gameplayNow that you have read this, in order to get the fully affect put on some music and make sure you have a gamepad/wheel."
,Recommended,227300,11050337,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Wrecked911,"I hope you have nothing better to do with your time because once you start playing, you will not want to stop. I currently have three garages set up across Europe and a fleet of trucks, but nothing is more relaxing than taking my Globetrotter, turning on Manchester Real radio and taking an oversized load from the UK to Russia.For as much of a bad reputation the word Simulator has gotten for all of these other ""Simulators,"" ETS2 has gotten it right. A decent ammount of trucks you can pick and customize gives you plenty of choice when making your office your office. There are a good 30+ cities you can set up in all across Europe and take one by one and even expand on to add trucks and hire drivers to bring in revenue. The upgrades system starts off fast and does seem to drag out in the later levels so I suggest upgrading your distance perk first which allows you to make longer trips.Now, the biggest issue in sims is the physics engine. Fortunately this game got it right. Collisions are soft or hard depending on how bad the impact is, you cannot ping off into space uncontrollably (unless you find one of the extremley few points to make your way out of the map. Place is sealed like a ziploc bag) and if you take corners too quickly your truck can roll over or steering becomes harder to control like it should. 10/10 physics in this game.Other great notable features:-Weather and working wiper blades-Various fog patterns-Some really effin' smart AI-No seriously, these are the best AI I have ever seen.-Truck customization-Payouts and rewards depending on how well of a job you did-The menu text isn't out of place or leaves white space!-Enfoced speed limits (I'm happy for that though because some of those bends have tossed me onto my cab before)-A large variety of jobsAnd last but not least,-The modding communityIf you want more ETSII content, then look no further than the mods. DaSquirrelNuts over on youtube reveiws a truck-ton of them from US trucks to oversized loads and map add-ons.9/10 game."
76561198058114508,Recommended,227300,9034408,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,۩ Iron Maiden ۞,Vc nunca mais gastará dinheiro atoa :D !!!
,Recommended,227300,31543864,Posted: 4 May,all,Jim,Amazing game!!!!
,Recommended,227300,33343525,Posted: 7 July,all,Sniper_Man,THE BEST F*CKING GAME
76561198338305857,Recommended,227300,33344041,Posted: 7 July,all,erlandsabols,Realy good game
,Recommended,227300,15550798,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Richie Rich,"I wasn't expecting much, but this game is surprisingly fun and relaxing. The object of the game is fairly simple, you just transport your load from point a to point b. It sounds boring, but I enjoy viewing the European countryside and listening to the funky European radio stations along the way. It's almost meditative. Also once you make enough money you get to manage your own trucking company. The online mod is probably my favorite part of the game and adds even more immersion. I like interacting with the friendly Europeans in the chat, and driving recklessly has given me a few chuckles, though people on the servers don't find it as amusing as me. The devs are good at consistently releasing content updates, so there's always something new being added. A controller or steering wheel is highly recommended."
,Recommended,227300,26065601,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,kissmemore,Do you want to know a girl's opinion on this genre? My friend expressed it perfectly:11:59 - Alessondria: STUPID AWESOME TRUCK DRIVING GAME
76561198173514865,Recommended,227300,22177252,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,bearbrutal,"Nice game,im recomended!!!!"
,Recommended,227300,22181747,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,CaptJack16,What a wonderful relaxing game. Graphics are amazing. DLC is even better. You can have endless fun with this game.  I recommend it to anyone. BUT if you have a g27 or equivalent it is even better.
76561198262968774,Recommended,227300,31251945,Posted: 20 April,all,gorec1115,"Dear developers! The game really liked, please add the opportunity to get out of the cabin of your burden and add the possibility of breakdowns and the reliability of its repair itself (faults are not large) Thank you for the wonderful simulator!"
76561198131740367,Recommended,227300,22148308,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Moe Shop,Dont crash while buying it.
,Recommended,227300,33693492,Posted: 21 July,all,B A C O N,My preferred game when I want to relax and regroup after playing a rage induced match of CS:GO. It keeps my sanity in check.
,Recommended,227300,33709810,Posted: 21 July,all,Falcken,Hello I´ve been playing this game for 22h and it is relaxing and fun to play
,Recommended,227300,33714139,Posted: 21 July,all,Traxadel,I'm already soaked in :O
,Recommended,227300,33738808,Posted: 23 July,all,david_hayhoe,Hands down best game of all time. Period.
,Recommended,227300,33730992,Posted: 22 July,all,KalKE031,"Good open world game. I just wish that the truck reparing cost was little bit cheaper...but otherwise it's a well made game. Especially when you play with TruckersMP, it turns out to be really addictive."
,Recommended,227300,11540710,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,TheFinePlayer,Relaxing and and looks amazing! (even on low settings) Just test the damo and you will see that it's a great game worth buying!
,Recommended,227300,28727055,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Xectar,"A very well done game, I am enjoying it."
76561198260582997,Recommended,227300,33751772,Posted: 23 July,all,Kaappa   skinhub.com,"It's a good game, the sad part is that you have to pay for DLC"
76561198156375932,Recommended,227300,33625395,Posted: 18 July,all,Bitch Please :D | Farmskins.com,Good game.
,Recommended,227300,33651527,Posted: 19 July,all,The Unknow,many wow. lot of impressive. very like!
76561198071249735,Recommended,227300,10952267,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mr.Flavius,I love this game you should Try it!
76561198147806858,Recommended,227300,28360253,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Спиннер,This game is approved by me. :D
76561198115146095,Recommended,227300,33721383,Posted: 22 July,all,SANS,Was listening to Truck Simulator FM playing Linkin Park -Numb in a rainy night during a mission today.Felt emotional and sad on loss of a rock singer who changed the lives of many.
76561198325897291,Recommended,227300,33651023,Posted: 19 July,all,jordan.fuzul,The game is great. i have a great time playing it.Buy this game it is worth every cent.
,Recommended,227300,13172679,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,µ'sic Forever,Never thought driving a truck would be this fun!!!
,Recommended,227300,13511778,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Royal Swordsman,I'm enjoying this game. Help.
76561197972362577,Recommended,227300,33795649,Posted: 25 July,all,Grinnij,"This is a great sim, one of the best, its not perfect, but id definitly buy it again. im certaintly not done playing it by any means ill be coming back through the years.the game is very relaxing, its a very heavy numeric progression type game, its a grind, so i wouldent recommend it if you like instant gratification in games, if you play it legit, it takes time. the graphics are decent, not up to standards but enough to make the game beautiful. it has its own devoted radio station ""a real one"" though that might not be there depending on when you see this review, and that is a big part of the game for me aswell.It's a very large game and would take several hundread hours to expirience it all so theres lots of gameplay available if you like this sort of game.It's highly recommended to have a steering wheel and pedal set aswell, it makes the game go from alright to very enjoyable as it becomes very immersive and almost like actually driving, which is something else thats great about this game, you feel like your actually there most the time and its very immersive.Theres lots of different length routes you can choose so if you dont have a lot of time you can keep your route length skill low and pick a 100 mile route, or you can go for the 1000+ mile routes which usually take a hour + often up to 2 hours for one load.i would definitly recommend the game, it has its downsides though.I dont exactly appreciate how clunky the AI is, its not bad but its frustrating and also easily predictable.I also dont like that theres no variety in roads its just pavement for days, no pot holes, no dirt, no variation whatsoever and that gets a little dull.I also dont like how minimal the business aspect of the game is, i love that in games and this just has next to no management.Overall, if you enjoy sims, driving, grinding, numeric progression, stuff like that this is a great game for it.if you dont enjoy lots of grinding and driving and or want instant gratification then dont even touch this game you'll be tired of it in minutes."
76561198185849028,Recommended,227300,23193439,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,BenBattleSmith,DEAR GOD HELP ME I CANT STOP PLAYING SO ADDICTING IM BEING HELD AT 123 HELP!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,14930365,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,O.J.Russell,"I'm suppose to write a review after 1000hrs. but I can't. I've got deliveries to do, trucks to maintain, garages to buy, driver's to hire.... Just too busy to write a review right now! Maybe later...after another 1000hrs."
,Recommended,227300,14557037,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Inkarnate,My experience of the second installment of Euro Truck Simulator is strange as it had been lying in my library untouched until rather recently and what I found on a random inkling was an experience I’m disappointed I vastly ignored. My first go at a simulator in over ten years is not only cohesive but also oddly therapeutic—as a sense of cathartic peace envelopes me on every single trip to a destination. It’s really pleasant and intricately designed as an accurate simulator and I am most certainly curious how further installments will expand when it’s nearly perfect here in this form.
76561198005683206,Recommended,227300,15653873,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dragon Fly,"Excellent game, knowing to drive or not, you can drive a truck no problem ;)"
76561198153400737,Recommended,227300,25241568,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Tony_vl06,"Amazing simulator, hours of fun. Best experienced with a decent wheel.If you are fan of Open World Driving Simulation, you will pretty much like this game. It has beautiful graphics and it's relaxing to play.When you have a bad day just open ETS2, play your favorite Radio Station and Drive for best relaxation. (OMG those rhymes)i like the attention to detail this game has gone through with things such as: traffic lights, speeding, indicating, driving on the correct side of the road, resting, refueling, and more. however what would make this game perfect is if there were realistic damage models. other than that, good game, does get repetitive, still enjoyable and relaxing."
76561198074638795,Recommended,227300,27677523,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Balaclava,Now all I need are Muslims climbing on my Truck!
,Recommended,227300,9334266,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,🅱ad Doggo™,"I will say, I was uncertain buying this game at first because I thought it would be the most boring thing ever and have almost zero realism, but I was proven wrong in a matter of seconds. When you finally get to buy your own truck and transport cargo with it, you dont just teleport to where you need to go; You have to drive there while still obeying all the traffic laws in place. It is A LOT harder than it sounds, especially after the sun goes down and the road is that much harder to see in front of you. For making a simulator of something that would seem boring, its actually not as boring as I was expecting, and it's definitely what it says it is in the title: a full-on realistic Euro Truck Simulator.10/10"
,Recommended,227300,25367973,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Retro,"A real step forward in truck driving sims. ETS2 is still a great game considering how old it is, and with all the mods available (in which I would recommend ProMods), there is still so much more playability in the game. Its exactly what you would expect from an European truck game!The grind is real, but thats the point, even better with a wheel :-)8.5/10"
76561198284554180,Recommended,227300,27934468,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Apple51,Highly Reccomend this if you wanna be a truck driver and love driving thia is for you an great addons to.
,Recommended,227300,14773594,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,2KI,"Best served with your favourite radio station.Jokes aside, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a well made relaxing truck driving game. It's not much a ""simulator"" in the exact meaning of the word, i'd say it's more a simulator adaptation for everyone to enjoy and not only die hard fans.Playing Euro Truck Simulator you drive all around a stylized Europe, from country roads to highways, mostly pleasurably detailed and with the precision of signs and traffic laws you'd expect from a simulator.What I found a bit annoying were strange intersections (you will never find intersections that take a lane away), not being able to refill in towns (every real town has at least a gas station), lack of content for non-central Europe states (you cannot go to Sicily for example)On the other end I really liked the AI of other cars/vans/trucks, they mostly react like human drivers would to unforeseen events.EDIT: In recent free updates (following the release of the new ""Scandinavia"" expansion) the whole graphics got a huge rework and since most concerns of my previous review were about the ""poor"" graphic implementation, they are all gone. The game now looks fabulous with no impact on performance (actually if feels even better).The developers also solved a few issues so that the game is more realistic and even more a pleasure to be played.While before the ""Scandinavia"" expansion this game for me was a little more than 7/10 now it's definitely 9/10. Good job SCS Software.Recommended to everyone able to use a PC."
,Recommended,227300,15552235,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Leftovers,Its a great game that is worth the money
,Recommended,227300,17447034,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,DarkScorpion11,Best truck simulator ever!
76561198042148931,Recommended,227300,7916096,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Bill Brassky,"Steering response between controller and truck is instant and exact.  ""State of the Art"" trucking simulator."
,Recommended,227300,19867408,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,PEKING DUCK,Honking at AI drivers does make you feel accomplished.
,Recommended,227300,13523836,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kruti,One of the best games I ever played you will never get bored
,Recommended,227300,10862480,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,pizz11,Music listening simulator 2014
,Recommended,227300,29303857,Posted: 16 January,all,Мясо :333,It's a good game to lost your time and relax :33100/10
,Recommended,227300,23797849,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Karpiso,Great simulator. Online is fun
76561198002377916,Recommended,227300,23798545,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,waynezilla,good game if u like this kind of game
,Recommended,227300,23835821,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Liquid.EM,like
76561198203340204,Recommended,227300,23835897,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,FrenzyGamer  CS.MONEY,The game is awesome.Buy it!
,Recommended,227300,24607202,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Newtonvei,真实感十足，偶尔不小心撞车，那感受跟真的一样，又是第一视角，玩过就知道是何感受，真值得拥有！
,Recommended,227300,23798829,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kirk,"Amazing game,good job"
,Recommended,227300,23842577,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,The_DarkShark_,"Decided to try and text and drive at the same time, got in 5 accidents that were all my fault.Such realism/10 would text and drive again."
,Recommended,227300,23844667,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,我想找个女朋友,this game is fabulous . amazing~ i love it so much
,Recommended,227300,15094386,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,NotSirRockford,"Truck entusiast? Or maybe you just want a calming game to play?With or without a steering wheel this game is just what is says it is.A Truck Simulator in Europe.Nothing more, nothing less and that is why I love it so."
,Recommended,227300,25076808,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,charliewaffles,"I know I'm incredibly late to the party, but this is one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played. Playing this while listening to Howard Stern, Opie and Anthony and the old Ricky Gervais XFM Shows is pure bliss. I've never given a♥♥♥♥♥♥about trucking or simulator type games, but this one is different. It's the perfect chill out game. Highly recommended."
76561197970768605,Recommended,227300,33022673,Posted: 29 June,all,VincentC,"I've been playing this for a very long time. It's amazing that this game was released long time ago and still add new contents both paid and free. The game was already very good when it came out but right now it just simply whole lot better. If you're on the fence, stop thinking and buy it already.The optimization is great. I have a potato notebook and it runs just fine. Control is also good. I play with my g27 at home and with keyboard when travelling with zero problem. The driving physic is only as hard as you want it to be. You can set it easy and just cruise or crank it up and enjoy the challenge which is great when I'm playing on keyboard.The company management is very simple and have almost nothing about management at all. You buy trucks and hire drivers and that's it. No management involved. No truck service cost, no overhead, no tax, no nothing. But it's a driving game so the company aspect is just an extra icing on the already great cake.TLDR: Great game, Great optimization. Just buy it already."
,Recommended,227300,26950236,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ploft,Don't overthink it. It's a game about doing deliveries with a truck and possibly managing a delivery of goods service. But this game is a jewel in it's simplicity! You'll find yourself losing hours upon hours of your time doing these deliveries as the relaxing experience delivered by the title engulfs you.Pick your favorite Netflix show or podcast and just take an afternoon off delivering something to an exotic country in Europe.
76561198062708276,Recommended,227300,28992608,Posted: 3 January,all,carbastard,"First, the obligatory >lemaymayarrow review:>overtook a car>on the Autobahn>from the right>over the berm>on a truck>loaded with 20 tons of cargo>going twice the speed limit>while listening to Bon Jovi on a radio station from Manchester10/10 - Would be a threat to every-♥♥♥♥ing-body on the road while listening to ""You Give Love a Bad Name"" again.Now, on a more serious note, I gotta say this game is AMAZING. You'd be amazed at how fun being a pretend truck driver is! The controls are simple and intuitive, even on a keyboard, and the graphics are quite decent, even on a toaster. Game progress is a bit slow considering the price of new trucks relative to your earnings but, WHO CARES? That just means MOAR DRIVING! Driving which, by the way, you can do on a customized truck and to one of many online radios (or your own music). The cities and roads are realistic even though the scale is slightly underwhelming but hey, it's not like they can go full-on Test Drive Unlimited ON ALL OF EUROPE'S ROADS.There's a reason why this game did so well on this year's Steam Awards, although don't take the ""Sit back and Relax"" award label too literal. Which brings me to another great aspect of ETS2: the physics. It manages to hit that elusive sweetspot many driving games miss: it's not TOO hardcore or TOO easy. It sits right in between, easy enough to be driveable by a casual player on a keyboard but realistic enough to make you think twice before attempting dumb moves. There's also a quite strict and realistic traffic fine system AND an absurdely punishing vehicle damage system that adds to the immersion.TL;DR: THIS GAME IS SO GOOD I WANNA MOVE TO GERMANY AND BE AN LKW FAHRER FOR ALL MEINE LEBEN!!! BUY THIS , BUY THIS RIGHT NOW!!! STOP READING STUPID REVIEWS AND BUY IT!"
76561198113896645,Recommended,227300,33879116,Posted: 29 July,all,TheRemix,<3
,Recommended,227300,33885457,Posted: 29 July,all,scorbett27,Very fun game and loads to do
76561198115664253,Recommended,227300,24497086,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Pointlessbrdcst,"played for 19 hours, estamated death toll700 cars174 busses76 old ladies7 trains29 trucksa ferryand 46 buildingsNEVER LET ME BECOME A TRUCK DRIVER"
,Recommended,227300,33893574,Posted: 29 July,all,ORC4FI5H,great game.
76561198232206300,Recommended,227300,33921065,Posted: 30 July,all,TAP/FrostyKill,The game is ok i mean from the name says that is a truck simulator so don't expect more i thought actually that its going to be worse but it was very fun it has also real trucks and the driving is very realistic.
,Recommended,227300,33499022,Posted: 13 July,all,JoeTheBro,"Great chill game.  The physics are realistic and all of your mirrors, turn signals, lights, and wipers all work.  On a sale, I'd grab this in a hurry!"
,Recommended,227300,33891667,Posted: 29 July,all,KillerWatt2001,Only bought this game to ram into cars... Totaly worth it !
,Recommended,227300,8443661,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ann Veal,Strangely relaxing. Oculus rift support completely changes it!
,Recommended,227300,9118439,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Shepuz,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is one of those games you'd expect to only cater towards hardcore trucking fans and alike, and that it would be a rather boring experience to everybody else. Somehow the SCS Software managed to make a trucking game that doesn't feel that boring (unless you play 8+ hours a day every single day, then it might start to feel slightly boring) and is actually quite relaxing and enjoyable. The game is solid with little to no bugs in the core game and there are tons of mods available for it if you know where to look. I'd love to see this game have its own Steam Workshop for easy mod installation and to ensure that mods are up to date and compatible with the latest version of the game at all times, but sadly this isn't the case just yet. The game looks beautiful on high settings and features the possibility of using Oculus rift or TrackIR to make the immersion even higher. The only real complaints that a full blown assburger such as myself can muster up is that the immersion hasn't been taken far enough. I'd like to be able to get out of my truck and walk around it, inspecting it, or to pull up to a gas station and walk in and order a coffee and a donut, or buy a can of energy drink to give me a 30 to 60 minute boost so I can drive that last stretch and deliver my stuff. An animation of the driver getting out of his drivers seat and crawling behind for a few hours of sleep would also be nice, but sadly none of these things are in the game.. yet.To put it short, anyone can enjoy this game, not just hardcore truck enthusiasts, and it's actually quite relaxing to just drive around and deliver stuff from A to B. Gameplay is solid and there aren't any bugs that I have encountered (unmodded that is). Stunning visuals and quite immersive especially with Oculus Rift or TrackIR."
,Recommended,227300,8976530,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,dup,For those moments when you just want to listen to music and go on autopilot for awhile.
76561198044287100,Recommended,227300,27075587,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bejtmen,"I just love this game. I just could sit in my chair, grab a beer, turn on my favorite radio station and start rolling. Yeah, you can drink and drive in this game! Although, I crush often while doing it but still it is awesome. Get this game. Now."
76561198093245066,Recommended,227300,29094954,Posted: 7 January,all,Cyclone243,"An extremely suprisingly addicting game, I went into this game thinking it will bore me in a few hours, but here I am at almost 70 hours. Its just good I dont know why it just has this charm about it. I recommend this to any petrol head."
,Recommended,227300,29096328,Posted: 7 January,all,old,relaxa e pilota
76561198125707534,Recommended,227300,29095224,Posted: 7 January,all,Dr. JuanTap Kappa,"Euro Troll Simulator 2G_gEDIT:Since last update, it crashes every loading screen!!! FIX IT!!!ITS UNPLAYABLE!!!"
,Recommended,227300,29095699,Posted: 7 January,all,MCM4u ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,One of the best Simulator games out there. The developers have vastly improved the game since its inception.
76561198047396412,Recommended,227300,33953417,Posted: 1 August,all,Code95FIN,"Podcast heavenI have no DLC so keep that in mindWhat little exprience I have with real trucking, this game got it somewhat right. Driving mostly. It skips IRL loading and unloading the goods. In game you just pick up and leave goods. Europe is shrinked, but it works. There could be different roads. Turns feels like copypasted in many areas. Getting new drivers and trucks for your company is simple. Customizing your truck is detailed and Steam Workshop gives you more options and paints.Art... Well they certainly put effort in trucks, but it looks like budget took a hit in other areas because many citys are like movie props and cars are nothing too special. Landscape is nice thoughCan't say too much about gameplay. Simple, working and how it should be for truck simulator. Bonus for realism because I learn how to handle harvester cart better at forrest in real life.Sounds work. You press gas pedal, you hear engine roaring. Could be louder if you ask me, but it pass. Music is fitting in menu. You can listen your own mp3 files or your own radio-stations, what was really nice touchMy thoughts: I liked it, and more I played it, more got into it. I don't know what is it, but this game is absorbing. While driving 8 tonne of K-ON across the europe and listening people talking about news, life etc on youtube, it was nice (Yeah, there is mod for transporting anime from Ukraine to Scotland. I know, GOTY material)When I need break from action like Rainbow Six Siege or I'm losing my sanity with XCOM, ETS 2 is the game to calm down and listen podcast, youtubers or friends while playing. It's like playing Banished, but even less brain is needed. Check my other review for Banished. Worth of looking.Should you buy this?This is a tricky one. I got it from sales for few euros, and still enjoying it. Wouldn't buy it for full price tho. If you are into trucks and/or realistic driving , I say yes. If you are looking for relaxing game, well let's just say that there are better games for full price. Like great warrior Aragorn said, ""DON'T GO BELOW 60%""!"
,Recommended,227300,18294294,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Эxodus,"Great game, active devs for over 2 years, constant updates, lots of customization, an unofficial multiplayer mod to play with friends, beautiful graphics, one of the best sim games out there!"
76561198094508863,Recommended,227300,20201343,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,macdaddy,"Apart from reversing with a keyboard, the game is fairly simple but strangely addictive"
,Recommended,227300,13002721,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,milspec,"Extra Polish cities mod, streaming Polish trucking music, crack a beer, use your turn signal, bliss."
,Recommended,227300,13836652,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Etoxicmast,Realistic and amazing game. Beautiful landscapes!
,Recommended,227300,12388779,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,COBRA & FILIP CRO,best game ever
76561198081524881,Recommended,227300,33006282,Posted: 29 June,all,VoltiacSynapse,"Sees game on sale for $5 via Steam Summer Sale.Buys the game to see what all the fuss is about.Realizes he's an american and this is based in Europe.Buys Mercedes Truck to start the long-haul.Starts in france travels to Great Britain for first job.Forgets that some countries in Europe drive on left-hand side of the road.Crashes into SUV possibly killing passangers.Continues on like nothing happens.Gets to London all while racking up speeding tickets.Leaves London on the way to Denmark.Makes it into Denmark cussing out the game because of random stoplight in the middle of country roadside with one lane, and world's longest light.Arrives in random city can't pronounce with 60% damage, and late.10/10 would play Road Rage Simulator 2 again."
76561198342900014,Recommended,227300,32697399,Posted: 23 June,all,DrShrimpy,"Not your average simulator, this is a proper GAME!"
,Recommended,227300,33546645,Posted: 14 July,all,TalonflameHD,"Rating: 9Endless hours of non-stop road driving in a calm environment. If you're having a stressful day, nothing like taking to the road and taking a cruise while pocketing some cash along the way.By far, the calmest game on Steam. It's a shame there's no multiplayer included with the game; something I hope they introduce in the future. I read somewhere you can download a multiplayer mod though.Personally, I think the game needs more ""smaller"" locations, especially in England/UK instead of major or big locations. Other than that, worth it's money/price in gold.Rating updated on Aug 2, 2017: 9 > 9.5If you download and install the multiplayer mod fromhere- you can use your singleplayer profile and earn more cash from jobs there only with the company of your friends who have the game and those people who are also playing multiplayer!...also, free-roam driving in multiplayer is sooooo relaxing. Although, I do recommend free-roam driving in singleplayer as you may encounter problem-players (trolls) who will ram into you and flip you on to your side...I speak from personal experience.The only problem is; you'll need your own truck in order to successfully play the multiplayer mod. Other than that, enjoy!"
,Recommended,227300,33381290,Posted: 8 July,all,opulentmink,really pleasant to play this game. 10/10
76561198072891869,Recommended,227300,19857267,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Corzatar,1. Start game2. Accept a delivery job3. Start driving for 2 hours admiring the scenery4. Check the map to make sure you going the right way5. realise that you have been driving the wrong way for 2 hours10/10 = B-E-A-UTIFUL
76561198106489542,Recommended,227300,26481638,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[A-T]™ |Abdullah,soo good
,Recommended,227300,34002099,Posted: 3 August,all,Garen,I starting playing truck games with JoWood's King of the Road. This is my second Truck game and currently this is the best one out here. Though i wish it had some of the gameplay features of King of the Road like speaking from transceiver.
,Recommended,227300,34002463,Posted: 3 August,all,pat gar,THE BEST GAMEEVER
76561198061514268,Recommended,227300,34002648,Posted: 3 August,all,SxyModafoka,i really loved the noice weath graffiks on this frikin good game
,Recommended,227300,34010340,Posted: 4 August,all,Pizza!,"I picked this up because I like flight simulator X, While I'm not a big truck fan, I had a lot of fun swerving around and cutting people off, but i can say if i'm feeling a little bored and not feeling like flying I can hit some of my favorite cities around Europe (that I know more about thanks to FSX, if only the Airports and Airways).Overall a good experience if you're not too picky about realism and can get passed driving on the left side of the road. Crashed a couple times trying to drive like an American."
76561198285467215,Recommended,227300,24258324,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,[TD102] K.Bell,i love this game gud even if u got low requments but its got lovely grapihs and stuth like that however wish could add more predetions to the game more trucks also traffic should change like at 3am quiet 7 am stanadard and 5pm busy etc
76561198262007863,Recommended,227300,25757925,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,BIL,Game is updated often which keeps me into it. SCS is the best and ETS2 is the best
,Recommended,227300,33303756,Posted: 6 July,all,NFiNiTy #RoadToMG,9/10 would risk getting flipped over once again...
76561198073665900,Recommended,227300,13918200,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Baron Von Hicklepickle,This game will make you an active campaigner for all countries in the world to drive on the right side of the road.
,Recommended,227300,33981813,Posted: 2 August,all,Misse.TJTCS,"good game for real work mans,,,can also drive drunk (beer)!NOT FOR PEN NECKS OR HIGH SHCOOL ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!11"
76561198032481064,Recommended,227300,15209719,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Gixanix,EUROOOOOO TRUCKER!
,Recommended,227300,33303719,Posted: 6 July,all,Marge.NAJA,"My boyfriend bought this game for me when it was on sale (Steam Summer Sale 2017) because I am a huge fan of simulator games.We are also GTA players. Therefore, I would say thatthis game is NOT recommended for all GTA players.10/10 would crash again."
,Recommended,227300,29081986,Posted: 7 January,all,Denyöl.,Who doesn't wanna sit back and just go along with a fancy truck in most of Europe's countries? Majestic.
,Recommended,227300,10483620,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Foxy 雪婆んご,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 does make alot of Fun, you can enhance your fun by installing Mods, i personally recommend ""ProMods"" and ""TruckersMP"".Basically this game is the best game if you just want to relax.If Multiplayer or Singleplayer doesn't matter.Also they're updating it very frequently so every time something new comes into the game, for example the Double Trailers, or various other Updates in the past."
,Recommended,227300,12840897,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,chatins,"This is an amazing alternate reality for world class, long haul truck driving.  I have a majority of the drivers available for hire working for my company in two dozen garages and it never gets old.  The developmemt team keeps improving the game and adding more polish.The game sucessfully simluates the rules of the road but achieves an excellent balance between game time and the real time it would take you to drive across Europe.  I have mentioned the game to real truck drivers and they say that's exactly how it works."
76561198292159743,Recommended,227300,34013002,Posted: 4 August,all,COOLBRO3214,I love this game. I think they should make a Euro Coach Simulator.Do you all think so two.
,Recommended,227300,10849104,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jinguuji Marimo,Still better than GTA 4.
,Recommended,227300,34063248,Posted: 6 August,all,♠ Wrench ♠ ツ💕,:))0
,Recommended,227300,33854095,Posted: 28 July,all,Dmitry,"- Baby, I'll just make one more delivery and will go to bedTakes 1000km job"
76561198191622129,Recommended,227300,34059988,Posted: 6 August,all,Andrei2k16,Very good game.
,Recommended,227300,16523529,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sean,"Turned on the Radio, All over the road song came on, Started swerving back and forth on a 3-lane, you dont wanna know how much fines I got, 10/10 would do it again :)"
,Recommended,227300,16316490,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Coolbub123,Best trucking simulator of the era!
,Recommended,227300,33416109,Posted: 9 July,all,maxjones900,If this game was a potato it would be a good one
,Recommended,227300,24136784,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Paragraphogram,"My favourite driving game, so far, only con is that keyboard controls are very hard to use. Still, a good game, even with a lower end PC, like mine.  I rate 9.7/10"
,Recommended,227300,31714388,Posted: 12 May,all,Schutzstaffel_RN,"best driving truck simulator around.been playing this ""offline"" for a while and when steam had a sale, i did not pass this up."
76561197979917106,Recommended,227300,10573076,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,♛ Wolverine | Civilgamers.com,Awesome game +  steering-wheel 10/10 !
,Recommended,227300,14565091,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,SparklingBottledJews,Nice trucking! nice gameplay and addicting11/10
76561198089500347,Recommended,227300,8489779,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sexual Chocolate,Its an amazing game one off the best simulation games i ever played
76561198081018211,Recommended,227300,16315733,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,idatusfarmcop,I would say one if not the best games i have played yet
,Recommended,227300,31413224,Posted: 28 April,all,SUCOMUWO,#wengerout
,Recommended,227300,28602147,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dario,It is so awesome and it is like in real life
,Recommended,227300,25461740,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,JonnyonTorry,"Hasn't been uninstalled since i got it.One of the first simulator games i ever played, and the only one that still gets played regularly. Definitely worth the asking price for how much you get, plus a sea full of mods to keep you going.Definitely a must buy."
,Recommended,227300,23328708,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,coster2233,It can get quite boring...Use the multiplayer mod...
76561198051935376,Recommended,227300,10733168,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,matthewnorris1,"The simplest, yet funnest, game I have ever played. So much so I ever bought a Logitec G27, just to make it a more ""real"" experience."
76561198049014793,Recommended,227300,31702062,Posted: 12 May,all,1999Jayhawks,The calm and relaxing drives
76561198071829667,Recommended,227300,12978330,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,night_hawk,"I got hooked into this game by watching Da Squirrel's Nuts on Twitch regularly. Finally I found it on sale and snapped it up after having played the demo for over 18 hours and 4 demo profiles. The next thing on my list is a G27 wheel and pedals and maybe TrackIR to make the experience even better. This is a game that hits the right funny bone with me and I know there will be many more hours sunk into it. Well, at least until American Truck Simulator comes out, hahaha."
,Recommended,227300,27528423,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Aerdian,"Amazing driving game! The graphics are great, and I love the size of the world, details and amount of trucks, and more. Although the game can be improved with a driving wheel, (ex: Logitech G27), the games controls for keyboard are also spectacular. There are so many things to do and this is a game that can go on practically as long as you want it to. You can drive freely, take jobs, build your trucking empire, etc. The quality of this game is great, and I hope to see an ETS3 game in the upcoming future."
,Recommended,227300,9041059,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,20$ is 20$,best truck simulator ever 2
76561198069487327,Recommended,227300,12504086,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Old Man,One of the best simulators ever! If you are going to get the game go and get lots of mods I use the Jazzycats mods
76561198077246577,Recommended,227300,20158770,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,thaonepuppyguy,"So, Euro Truck SImulator 2, one of the besst simulator games ever made. It is absolutley beautiful, and absolutley addicting. Can you think of anything better? With the release of American Truck Simulator, it will only get even better."
,Recommended,227300,33708525,Posted: 21 July,all,Uruk the Dread,"After 45 minutes of precise parking a truck and trailer, while listening to 70's and 80's boogies on KTFM Geneva internet radio through my truck radio, and two real-life beers later = I ♥♥♥♥ing love Euro Truck Simulator 2.Never thought I would understand what all the fuss was about, but now I get it - And you should too.Truck on people. Truck on!"
76561198038212057,Recommended,227300,33934971,Posted: 31 July,all,Jun,"I like this game but it's definitely not as relaxing as people describe it. In real life I am a mediocre driver so I only played with automatic. While driving, I had to pay full attention to the road conditions so I had little time to check out the beautiful sceneries. The proverb 'practice makes perfect' is well proven again - as the mileage accummulates, my skills improve accordingly.Graphics is mediocre, but physics is quite great. I learned basicis of how to control and maneuver the huge trucks through the physics simulation. One lesson learnt is that from now on I will try my best to keep distance from trucks on highways when I drive in real-time - they are potentially so dangerous! By another token, I can probably take and pass a road test for the driver's license for semi-truck category now - which would be a nice life-achievement.More details (landmarks) for cities and towns would be appreciated."
,Recommended,227300,33635167,Posted: 18 July,all,Joh Kg,Its quite good and it is like u are really driving a truckthe best game for someone who love driving trucks
,Recommended,227300,31808269,Posted: 17 May,all,DezertMusic,Amazing
76561198061350806,Recommended,227300,26519560,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Quantum Gravity (Keksmarine),"An oddly fun and relaxing game, also a place where you can show off your drink driving/ texting while driving skills to your friends without actually dying coz your already dead inside."
,Recommended,227300,30815958,Posted: 29 March,all,SpookyPlaysGames,"*Starts game in Hamburg. Does some quick jobs*Alright. Little different to American driving, but largely the same. I can handle this.*Grabs workshop mods. Buys truck*Cool! This looks like something I could play for awhile.*Continues around mainland Europe*Still just a little different from American driving. This isn't too bad.*Goes to the UK*AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH HELP ME EVERYTHING IS BACKWARDS MY POOR AMERICAN BRAIN IS SO CONFUSED AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHLeft hand driving is confusing for Americans/10"
,Recommended,227300,34315246,Posted: 17 August,all,flya00 says π = 3.14,"This game is so much fun, especially with mods."
76561198367664456,Recommended,227300,34327846,Posted: 18 August,all,Dav1d,Zajebista !!
76561198319510463,Recommended,227300,32940939,Posted: 28 June,all,Mantaray55,"Skvelá hra, slušná grafika, síce po chvíľke  omrzí , ale za krátky čas vás znova chytí.Chybička krásy pre mňa je tá, že sa tam nestrieda počasie: dažďo a búrky-sneh a vánica, poladovica9/10 škoda je len tá, že tam nie sú české ťahače TATRA, LIAZ"
76561197961501392,Recommended,227300,19973949,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Miguel0587,"Good game, very addicting, highly recommend it"
,Recommended,227300,24127343,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,AMG_gAster47,"This is an excellent simulator, one of the best games i've ever played. My only criticism is that you don't have arms in first-person mode. 9.5/10"
76561198067386566,Recommended,227300,31040877,Posted: 9 April,all,Kira,You just KNOW while you're driving all over Europe someone is back home doing your wife.Euro Cuck Simulator more like.
,Recommended,227300,10510102,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Gaddafi,I play it buy don't know why. I guess it's not stressful.
,Recommended,227300,18318449,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Rightfulnoah,I got fined for running a red light. It's actually realisitc.
76561198142372932,Recommended,227300,11165762,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Zykoh,so much fun
,Recommended,227300,14159228,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,WalkOffThe3arth,more addictive then playing with yourself!
,Recommended,227300,23792273,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dominate955,"This game is definitely good value for money, even when you buy all DLCs with it.  SCS are always releasing updates in order to make your experience more realistic.  The mod support is very good, especially when you get Promods and Rus Map, which are extensions of the map.  This doubles the amount of driving you can do for no extra cost!  If you enjoy simulators then this is probably one of if not the best you can get.  There are things that they can improve though, such as the AI.  The AI don't know how to use roundabouts, because when you go up to the give way line, the cars on the roundabout will give way to you.  Also they ignore your signals and also give way to you at traffic lights when you are turning left (right hand side driving).  This can be annoying as people don't do this in real life to you.  There also needs to be a variation in the types of roads.  For example, the motorways in Belgium are the same in the UK, France, Germany etc.  What some map authors do is to make the cities have more detail, so they all seem a bit different, but the ordinary SCS map cities all look similar appart from the landmarks you will see.  If you were to get this game, then it would be very boring if you didn't install mods aswell.  I would always suggest getting the Truckers MP mod, so you can play with your fellow truckers.  In summary, this game is very good, and it is always being improved."
,Recommended,227300,15255609,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,mr_awesome12312,I Like This Driving Game Its Fun To Explore And It Gives You An Inside Look About How To Run A Trucking Buisness And To Keep It Running Also Quite A Realistic Game With The Damage And The Fine System So Overall I Recommend This Game To Anyone Who May Not Have It And To People Who Like Trucks!
76561198095279944,Recommended,227300,10035998,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,[HG-G] -Atzuuh-,Really nice game and also Multiplayer came out so you can play with friend! (Note: Multiplayer is in Alpha) Recommended|!
76561198171830774,Recommended,227300,31700964,Posted: 12 May,all,๖ۣۜSemmetjuuツ,awesome game! played 1500 hours off-steam and 150 on-steam and still a nice game!
76561198165874198,Recommended,227300,16502149,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,PCGameplayZ,"So I decided to give it a try for 30min the first day... I ended up playing 7hrs straight! They should be charging way more for this! Amazing game, very relaxing and if you are not that type of gamer, don't worry it gets to be very relaxing so you can always have a sunday dedicated to travel with your truck :D 10/10"
76561198040530053,Recommended,227300,8085965,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,LoudLech5,Such an awesome game! Pumped for multiplayer but this is one of the best and can't wait for the American version you guys are working on! 1000000000000/10!
76561198058700045,Recommended,227300,28580665,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Maine Coon,Im not able to visit Europe yet so this is the next best thing
,Recommended,227300,29267377,Posted: 15 January,all,FunKy,Brum Brum This game is nice very nice but IF you want more fun buy DLC like scandinavia9/10 I would give 10/10 IF there were TurkersMP but 9/10 you can download it from site9/10 9/10 9/10
76561198061286829,Recommended,227300,29014515,Posted: 4 January,all,seelifeingreen,Good game to relax in your chair and drive around . But stay attentive !
,Recommended,227300,33458818,Posted: 11 July,all,Joey csgogem.com,"Amazing, Fun and addictive, A Must Have and an amazing game that does not 'require' dlc's to acctually progress in the game!"
,Recommended,227300,21824529,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Codey Chase,I usually review my favourite games don't i? I got so carried away with this game I completely forgot. Euro Truck simulator 2 is on of my fav... hang on a second *turns back to game* *never finishes review*
,Recommended,227300,19925480,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Shaniqua J. Latifah,impossible parking simulator10/10 would spend 30 minutes trying to park again.
,Recommended,227300,16758631,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Noxxys,"At first, I would think a game like this is boring... but sometimes it's quite an adventure:Did contract jobs for a whileProudly bought my first truck (with almost no money left, despite the bank loan)Found a big juicy delivery job, ideal for increasing my low account balanceRealized the job was in Germany, while my little garage is in Amsterdam... fine, I'll do the trip in my shiny new truckDiscovered that my driver needed to sleep, it started yawningGot the trailer, full of cars, from the starting pointFound a small gaz station and slept for 8 hoursHit the button again by mistake and slept for another 8 hours... I like to think I found a hooker at that station, but heh...Now I was running late, so I drove a bit higher than the speed limits while trying to avoid speed radarsArrived at roadworks in the middle of the highway... it was closed...Had to watch the map to find an alternative road3 cars were at a stop, not bold enough to insert themselves in front of those big trucks on the main roadBut I had to pass, I was running late...Had to maneuver, between the car in front of me, the car behind me and the street lamp on my left, without damaging anything (you get tickets if you do)I was finally on my way, but my ETA was 2 hours lateDisabled the truck's speed limit and drove at 130 km/h instead of 80Had not much time to enjoy the beautiful scenery of Denmark, too busy with dodging other trucksI made it on time, although I got a couple of speeding tickets, and a car crashed into my truck (I may have not respected the rules of the road at all times...)Just buy it."
76561198079936507,Recommended,227300,8915534,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Philpot,great game i love everything about the best part is that every feature of my g27 racing wheel works with it  even the force feedback. its takes a little getting use to the speed limits and and what side of the road to drive on but its awsome not i only wish they would make a game just like this one of the states! if so i would buy it in a heart beat and i know a few others that would buy it too
,Recommended,227300,297895,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,bobert awful (F+),"Perhaps what the game captures so well is how dull it is to be a truck driver, and in that respect it does its job well. But there's also a sort of serene zen to it all - you learn how to be careful, make wide turns, check your mirrors. And if you get bored with that, you can charge the opposite lane and create six car pileups. I haven't gotten far, but if any of that appeals to you, then by all means go for it."
,Recommended,227300,12303349,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Fat 'n Sassy,Pretty much the best driving & business sim I've played. It's not over-complicated but not so simple that it gets boring. If you're into driving sims and have a wheel & pedals (at least) I'd recommend this one.
,Recommended,227300,33947565,Posted: 1 August,all,UltimateTobi,"Very good and accurate simulation game from what I can tell. Fun to play, but beware, drive carefully, this is not an arcade game."
76561198127753661,Recommended,227300,16540462,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,GamerM8,I love everything about this game
,Recommended,227300,20667001,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Sim,"This is one of the best games on steam. I really recomend downloading ets2mp, though. Then you can play with friends.This game has great graphics and is made very well.This game is also very chill to play on evenings.Really recomend this to anyone, even if you dont like trucks nor Europe. :)Things I wish to be added:Finland, more Norway and more Sweeden [SCANDINAVIA DLC]Maybe a ¨""Baltics DLC"", Lithuania, Latvia and EstioniaSouth Europe: Spain, Greece, Portugal etc"
76561198182255879,Recommended,227300,33975824,Posted: 2 August,all,✪ CH,You should to upgrade the graphic and  optimazed this game. Anyway is a very nice game if you have wheel.
,Recommended,227300,14200086,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jedi_Master_Tridan,This game may not seem like fun but once you start playing the game it is fun and addicting
76561198068649704,Recommended,227300,11108710,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Steel Firefly,This game is Trucker Approved
,Recommended,227300,13619767,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Western Star 4900,THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER but i think some graphic quality could be improved. When i drive the truck and go outside the truck like thirdperson the graphics arent that clear on certain trucks i would like for that to be fixed and the real automatic doesnt let your truck go in reverse only simple automatic does i think so that could be fixed too.
76561197997248353,Recommended,227300,19961706,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Fisu [FIN],Well it's the best of kind.
76561198006782336,Recommended,227300,20077312,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PAPA LAZAROU,"Week 3 ingame and im -40000€. Im traveling at 76 mph down the motorway, im in the red for sleep and the computer keeps telling me to sleep, when i doze off wake up after hitting a truck the wall and flipped my truck! im now -85000€ and the bank has just sent me an email saying i have 3 days to pay off my -debt or they will seize my property. So i have taken another 100k loan out to cover my main debt. I now have to pay back 12000 a day to the bank.Ye for what this game is, well its kind of fun even!! though im crippled with debt.. 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,31735401,Posted: 13 May,all,Super Trump,"Finaly, I get to see the other 60% of Europe from the prespective of a 3d world."
,Recommended,227300,23179505,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Double T,"Lost about $3000 when I sent my $96,000 Mercedes Benz Actros with a trailer full of cheese in for repairs, because I crashed it going 89 km/h into a highway barrier, trying to hit that sharp turn upwards somewhere in bork bork country, while I was waving my arms to YMCA on the radio at 1 am, and I caused a massive traffic jam trying to reverse, until I hit 3 cars and gave up.10/10"
76561198057035592,Recommended,227300,13190043,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Benjamin Linus,Best Dam Truck simulator period. On top of the Mutiplayer mod it just makes this game even better. Dont even think just buy it for youre on sake.
,Recommended,227300,9326509,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,coyote,I buy it a ♥♥♥♥ing DAY BEFORE IT GOES 50% OFF.  ♥♥♥♥ YOU STEAM!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,20676151,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,NoobMasterRace,Great game!!! maps need to be with more buildings and landscape vut game itself amazing
76561198254907908,Recommended,227300,34565104,Posted: 28 August,all,this guy is gay --------->,"great game, ive recommended this to multiple friends...... i kinda only left this review to get to level 2 on my steam profile... honestly though, good game."
,Recommended,227300,32806685,Posted: 26 June,all,rocktt,is nice but mp version have idiot n retårded people
,Recommended,227300,28311271,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Hadi RZ,Like
76561198129374774,Recommended,227300,25211308,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,adamisasheep,"Good game, the car add on is not for me.... better without it!"
76561198045633244,Recommended,227300,13932085,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Sabre,"Very relaxing no brain driving game. If you like long distance driving games, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,227300,27262834,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lil qzo,good game :)Still waiting for the new truck
76561198086057703,Recommended,227300,34528454,Posted: 27 August,all,jiuntian,"Very great game,"
76561198048585907,Recommended,227300,25641003,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Grimr,"This game are MOSTLY fun.but at points can it be dam frustrating.But don't Buy this game unles you got a driving wheel for pc. (or it will be extremly frustrating driving around)or a controller (pick your poison)driving whit a keyboard is NOT recomended by ME.Once you can aford your own truck so are there ALOT of customability to it.Engine, paint, wheels, lights, cabin interior stuff with more.I would like to se more trucks and cars on the roads.It feels abit empty driving around in citys and on higways.And the citys could be a a lot bigger too. Cuse you do NOT drive trough the harbour of Göteborg and Stockholm in les than 40 sec._________________________________________I swear by the gods that for every update this game gets so does it become whorser and whorser.Now the GPS tells you to go to a place.And when you get there so does it tell you to go back to where you just !#¤% came from.All i can say about that is.The middel of fingers to that!--------------------------------------------------------------------Update. 28-08-17The AI in this game is !""#¤% retar'ded.Driving on a highway and a bot slams the brakes for no !""#¤% reason,and i have no time to do any thing.So i ram that car, and the !""#¤% game punishes me for hitting the npc who braked for no reason.funk you to that devs.Then at a T-junction a bus decides to turn at the last !""#¤% macro second and not using its directional light until its 7/10 on the other lane.so yet again i ram the !""#¤% head on with a heavy cargo trailer.Then the following happens.1. I get to pay about 600$ bill for hitting the A hole.2. My truck gets 89% damaged. which translates to 40.000$+ in repair cost.3. Cargo near completely destroyed. and that means a minimum of 5000$ extra gone.So conclusionFU#K YOU GAME!"
76561198006578053,Recommended,227300,34547691,Posted: 28 August,all,Chad Kroeger,"I got this game as a joke as it was so cheap and was hooked right away. Told Yeahboy and he got it the next day. We made fun of old Bruce because he always drove crappy Volvo cars, (he has 3) and now i love the trucks. Saw a Globetrotter in real life and got firm. This has changed my view on trucks. So relaxing and fun to play with a wheel got all the maps so truck on more. Chads Choice no doubt"
,Recommended,227300,11016367,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,RTL Das Familiengericht,"Considering this is just a simple driving simulator it is really fun. Just the fact how calming it is makes it worth while. With those simple RPG-ish Skill and the simple fact that you manage a company of truckers, it gives you a simple but fun motivation. Honestly I only play this when I want to have a break but for exactly that it is suited perfectly.20 Bucks is a litte too much tho, buy it when it is on sale and you wont regrett it"
,Recommended,227300,34541275,Posted: 27 August,all,ګupreeh,Awesome game for a wannbe future truck driver i personally like it spending hours on delivering with different trucks buying trucksbuying garages discovering new countries its very fun game very recommended 11/10
,Recommended,227300,25343663,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,wickeD,yep
,Recommended,227300,18151153,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,piwer,"I'd rather call it ""Relax Simulator"" :)"
,Recommended,227300,13954326,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,imelman,Best game about drving trucks.
76561198062356177,Recommended,227300,27884152,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ottik,Great game and cool to play  w/ friends!
,Recommended,227300,13866454,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,JBro™,"After driving to work and back for two hours a day, I come home to continue beeping stupid (virtual) motorists, and dodging my way around badly timed (virtual) roadworks....and all on the wrong side of the road, in Europe at least.Real Road Rage in a Virtual Game 11/10"
76561198044790303,Recommended,227300,9630415,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,WackyFlailingInflatableTubeMan,"The very reason I enjoy this game is because I know I will never be a truck driver. This game gives me that simulation aspect of it without the need to actually try and get a job as a trucker. Although it would be fun, I imagine it is a tedious job that get boring after a while. All in all, this is a great game to just play some tunes in the background and relax. It's good to take a break from the shooters from time to time! 9/10"
,Recommended,227300,10888789,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Firebeard,Having A Cool Job simulator 2k1410/10
,Recommended,227300,10750945,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Holy Franqike,"When I saw this game would only take you 2.4GB room, I was sad. I think there may be only 3 or 4 routes in the game and the scenery must be very simple and crude. But when I entered the game, I found this game is amazing! Nearly all main highways in Europe are shown in the game and there are also many kinds of trucks for you to drive. The feeling of driving is quite realistic. Secnerys are beautiful, too. It is a good game to kill your time. I think it worths that price."
76561198170222133,Recommended,227300,17515330,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,xXweslertXx,great game. It is really fun and it is the game that i always come back to after all of the other game's get boring it is a game that is on and off and i am pumped for american truck sime to be released!!
,Recommended,227300,34165510,Posted: 11 August,all,₩ombaŧ,Pretty great game all around. A lot of fun and even has a multiplayer mod. Woth the buy.
76561197998689697,Recommended,227300,34175996,Posted: 11 August,all,Greenfox,"Best Truck Simulation Game. There is nothing more to say. Just drive, use your brain and have fun on road!"
76561198000781920,Recommended,227300,34176958,Posted: 11 August,all,Neotronis,"This is a very chill driving game. It has great mods that keeps the game interesting, most of the DLC's also add value to the game. If you want a calm and relaxing driving game, this is for sure a great buy.I have used with a steering wheel and trackIR in addition to the HTC Vive. It is emmersive and great."
76561198013529169,Recommended,227300,16562539,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Rodario,"This is one of those games you mock others for playing until you try it yourself.It's hard, nay, impossible to explain why driving a virtual truck for hours on end is as fascinating and motivating as it is.Even though it's been very monotonous pretty much since I got a hang of the controls and stopped crashing into everything and everyone (TIP: use mouse steering and set the DPI as low as possible, 400 works like a charm for me) I just need to keep on truckin'.ADDENDUM: Not realistic. There's actually people working on construction sites."
,Recommended,227300,32236366,Posted: 7 June,all,Iceman,One of the best truck simulation game in market still holding the place at top. The truck mechanics are awesome and its optimised well for low end systems as well. I've played this game on my Core2duo Cpu with 2 Gb ram and Nvidia 9400GT on High graphics. all the controllers and steering wheels are supported so you can drive the truck as u wish.Finally a hats off to SCS devs for a very good game.!!
76561198145424323,Recommended,227300,34222820,Posted: 13 August,all,Patrigno,BRAVOOOO
76561198268307908,Recommended,227300,34221996,Posted: 13 August,all,๖QBlack๖,da csf n-ai csf
,Recommended,227300,34200738,Posted: 12 August,all,seanmce,Realisitc and relaxing
,Recommended,227300,19770655,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Eddi.[BDJ],"Really fun game!When i play it I play it for a few hours straight and it's really nice to build up your company.Also, try the multiplayer addon.10/10 would truck again."
,Recommended,227300,34090561,Posted: 7 August,all,FlyNeX,"All good, but will be better if they do all old map like Germany and CZ, and rest of stock map like they do France. France has more realistic roads. Stock map roads is kinda ugly... But, in the end 10+++++"
,Recommended,227300,14302443,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TSRVTC Thomas5020,"After playing the original non-steam version of the game, this truly is a worthy succesor. Graphics arent the best but the gameplay is enjoyable, long journeys to complete and many trucks to buy. You can upgrade your truck and give your old ones to your other employed drivers.  The multiplayer mod is also worth a look at, it has a large online community with Virtual Truck Companies such as TSRVTC. There's always great events such as TruckersMP official convoys,, and Haulage64.  Going East! and Scandinavia DLC's add large areas to the map increasing journey length, and in the case of Scandinavia allow you to drive through complex motorway junctions and long winding country roads never seen before anyway on the map.and then there's promods.... what a masterpiece. If you choose to play single player more than the multiplayer mod, get promods. It's beautiful in some places, like iceland. It creates challange to the game, with loss of traction on hills with heavy cargo causing you to have to stay in a low gear with the diff lock on in order to move."
,Recommended,227300,16851227,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Jon Ferdinand(aka coolcatz21},amazing game just amazing 300000000000000000000000000000000000000000/300000000000000000000000000000000000000000
,Recommended,227300,34244178,Posted: 14 August,all,O Razer :),Best simulator
,Recommended,227300,34247481,Posted: 14 August,all,Hu3kY @NGC Husum,Im not that guy that plays such games as simulators. But I gotta say it is so much fun to just chill and drive for a few hours while listening to music. can recommend!
76561198313031920,Recommended,227300,31779767,Posted: 15 May,all,Abz Rulz,"Just got this game today, enjoyed it alot."
,Recommended,227300,9326402,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Disodium,"I brought this under the advice of others and was quite surprised about how enjoyable this game actually is..I honestly thought it would be another game i would uninstall quite quickly after playing but how wrong I was, this game is quite enjoyable!The game has some great detail when it comes to simulation with all sorts of options that truck drivers may well understand and identify but also can be tweaked down to the point where you can play with just a few core buttons.Personally I play with the basics so run in Automatic and of course removed the speed limiter ;)You can customise the weather and also other options to suite your mood or play style.The game has great customization for your trucks with paint, parts and components you can purchase as you progress through the game.You can build a fleet and manage your logistics business by buying garages and hiring other truck drivers to move things for you.But most of all the game feels great, it handles well and the environments do not feel dull and boring like most Simulators do, instead the terrains are always different(unless you have driven the route) and look great.This coupled with the ability to add either play your own music via the in game radio or tune into one of hundreds of internet radio stations means there is always a suitable soundtrack to your trucking.The AI is cool also, it can be nice by stopping and flashing their lights to let you turn or can be a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by overtaking you and then slamming on the breaks.All in all this is a great game if you like trucks, or any sort of logistics and management games worth every dollar!"
76561198023912458,Recommended,227300,16450765,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,marsh9,great fun game no brainer
,Recommended,227300,16455503,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TroJanZ,"One of the most amazing games I've ever played.Even if you don't like trucks, it's still fun.And there's the MP mod which takes it to a whole other level and it makes the game even more fun and being able to make convoys with friends is next level imo."
,Recommended,227300,34261529,Posted: 15 August,all,✈ DatGamerYT,Cool driving game! :D
,Recommended,227300,34260294,Posted: 15 August,all,Sashanke ★,Everything is perfect in this game. I liked it very much. I advice to everyone buy ETS 2 then have fun!
,Recommended,227300,33314495,Posted: 6 July,all,RevearT,"""Meh, this game gonna be boring as f**k, all you can do just driving from place to another place...(1 hour later)I wanna be a professional truck driver."
,Recommended,227300,31166215,Posted: 15 April,all,Cowboykiddo rlsimulator.com,best game to take away time i love it so  much
,Recommended,227300,8489189,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Knottypine,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a fantastic game.  For those who enjoy driving sims that is.  It has an easy learning curve, and once you get rolling it's hard to stop!  At times it may feel a little repetitious, but I come back to it a lot.  SCS still adds new content, and there are several awesome community mods available.  Also a lot of fun with a full 900 degree wheel.  Recommended!"
,Recommended,227300,24658751,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,EmiL,"One of the best simulator games  i have ever tried its allright with keyboard and mouse but i wish i had a wheel for it.I allso think that Finland should be included in the scandinavian dlc.But its still a great game maybe not for 20-25€ but if you get in on black friday for 2,30 € its great.8/10"
,Recommended,227300,24785782,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Xeins,Surprisngly relaxing! (that is until map mods come into play and decide to be a pain to install)
76561198158513884,Recommended,227300,28165671,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,MulletOnFire,"I tried to explain to my wife why this game was so fun. I couldn't.I told my friend how cool it was and he should buy it. He just stared at me.I looked into my soul to figure out why I liked it. I became confused.Well, off to make another delivery."
76561198271282293,Recommended,227300,34302935,Posted: 17 August,all,Seraphim,so relaxing gamegreat landscapes
,Recommended,227300,9752228,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,KaZumaTree,"Dont discount the ""oh a truck sim game, silly"" feel. There's a solid business game underneath this and the game itself is sublime."
76561198131120129,Recommended,227300,34329735,Posted: 18 August,all,KOTVA,:)
,Recommended,227300,28961928,Posted: 2 January,all,Savage,"Pros- Good Graphics- Low System Requirements by Today's Standards, VERY stable game with NO crashes- Nice Look & Feel for the whole game- Good Balance between Arcade and Simulation, and very customizable in between- MODS!!!!Cons- Vanilla seems fine, but if you dive in the mod community and install some the game really starts to shine."
76561198134608161,Recommended,227300,18192047,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,[ST-E] footballolie7,This Game has a great sever to play on with your feinds all over the world you can truck day in and day out i would buy this game if you like to drive lots of big heavy goods vechies i hope you give a thumbs and buy the if it is for you  you also get a Euro truck sim 2 radio to listen to when you are drive from place to an another place. There are also lots Of DLC as well what you can buy as well i you enjoy the if you buy it and happy trucking
76561198060365597,Recommended,227300,30486291,Posted: 13 March,all,TheresNoTree,"After all the tense and adrenaline pumping zombie survivals, shoot em' ups, brawlers, horror games, ect.  it's always nice to have this game for when you wanna slow down the pace and just enjoy the virtual landscape listening to your music and cussing out other drivers that should of gotten the ticket that ended up being given to you."
76561198336375524,Recommended,227300,33726591,Posted: 22 July,all,MeMeMaChInEx,"This is a very relaxing game. It's just cool to experience the life of a European trucker. The roads seem very realistic. The truck handling is realistic, too. I would recommend this game to any who, like me, has an interest in trucks."
,Recommended,227300,19941431,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,THE SNIPER,No doubt this is one of the simulators of the most successful driving .my score 10/10 .
76561198083285487,Recommended,227300,19804507,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,☢-TheWeedBlazer-☭ CSGO500,I turned on the ingame radio and put it to BBC Radio 1. I heard about an emergency landing. Checks news 5 mins later: Emergency Plane Landing.10/10 Best radio sim 2015No im seroius the radio is live
,Recommended,227300,13515307,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Elite Knight,This is a fun game.Why is this a fun game?
76561198098251496,Recommended,227300,7259548,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Sphvindy,ARE YOU READY FOR THE MOST MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING BADASS GAME OF YOUR ENTIRE LIFE?! THEN BUY THIS GAME IN ALL ITS VIRTUAL GOD-DAMN GLORY!
,Recommended,227300,13438772,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Sir_Wulf,Playing this and listening to James Blunt is my guilty pleasure.
,Recommended,227300,32823596,Posted: 26 June,all,TheNuclearLion,Best truck driving game :D
,Recommended,227300,10692720,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SergeantBBQ,The skyway's the limit. Crashing into oncoming traffic at 125km/h with 20 tonnes of yogurt is doable. This game is the bee's knees and everybody has an inner greasy trucker that would love this game.
,Recommended,227300,8872361,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,KT_Extinction,"I think when I first saw this game on steam I chuckled to myself, thinking ""Pfft, seems like the worst game ever, who wants to drive a truck for hours?""15 hours in, I'm not chuckling any more.This game has a strange, addicting appeal I don't quite understand. I'm currently hauling a load of forklifts (my specialty these days) from Brussels to Amsterdam and I'm almost out of time. My Volvo FHS (not the best truck but she's all mine) is rumbling away underneath my feet, and I'm scrolling through the job listings to find a new truck driver for my small trucking company (I had to let Mario go, he just wasn't cutting it). This game is a bona fide RPG, simulator, tycoon game, and driving game all in one. There's a lot of depth to how the trucks operate, although it's up to you how authentic you want to make the experience. You can level up your character to be specialized in hauling certain loads. You can upgrade your truck after you've made enough money to purchase one. Too poor? Take out a loan from the bank! Eventually, you can open your own company and slowly buy up more garages across all of Europe to become the best trucker of them all.There's nothing quite like kicking back and listening to the in game radio, streaming live from actual internet radio stations in Europe and driving through a lush countryside as the sun rises. I never knew I wanted to be a truck driver so bad!Way of the road, buddy."
,Recommended,227300,34479352,Posted: 25 August,all,Posti,very nice
,Recommended,227300,23867851,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sprig,Online DLC should be on steam or just in game
,Recommended,227300,23533844,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Narokela,Probably the best trucking game out there as of yet.A nicely done game with great optimization and controller support. Had no major problems with playing the game and have enjoyed playing both single player using the steam game and multiplayer with an additional client downloaded from the web.
,Recommended,227300,13968180,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,BurmaLTD,Got fined for speeding on the german autobahn!12/10 would cri again.
,Recommended,227300,10585044,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ZenEagle,"Very relaxing game. It's the most realistic driving simulator I've ever played, would highly recommend to anyone who likes to drive or just like business sims. I throw an audiobook into the music player (press R in game) and cruise for hours."
76561198014731512,Recommended,227300,10601900,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Roz,"My first truck sim game was 18 wheels pedal to the medal, i loved that game damn too much!! I always looked around for a simulator game as I enjoy them a lot, EURO TRUCK is one of the best sim game out there! I like the graphics and the game play and a whole new territory!! Although the only motive in the game is to transport goods and stuff from one place to another still the game does not get boring not for a single minute! Always exciting with new routes. EURO TRUCK SIM FTW!!"
,Recommended,227300,28908261,Posted: 1 January,all,☭Neos |-iwnl-,Great Game Great Detail Great Fun
,Recommended,227300,28906148,Posted: 1 January,all,>>Unnamed Player<<,This is the best simulation game i ever play
,Recommended,227300,28906908,Posted: 1 January,all,MiHai,Nice
76561198074720971,Recommended,227300,21701005,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,cranium1,The most relaxing sim ever ! I use this just to listen to the music sometimes. A good wheel and pedals highly recommeded and TrackIR.
,Recommended,227300,24358710,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Nikke 800,why not finland world on this game?
76561198015980108,Recommended,227300,10621442,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rocknoz,Amazing game! Allready had some amazing hours with it and more to come. The multiplayer mod is advisable as well!Biggest downside is that the amazing new methods of mapmaking that can be found in the dlc isn't used to improve the base game.
,Recommended,227300,34626763,Posted: 30 August,all,A.D.I.E.T,"Nice, give me more admin"
,Recommended,227300,32837196,Posted: 26 June,all,BenGreener,"This game is excellence, If you have ever wanted a realistic truck driving simulator. This is for you. For the price it is -sales it is exception. Good job SCS!"
,Recommended,227300,32838822,Posted: 26 June,all,CHEF RAMSAY'S BITCH,i dream of having this game since it was realeased. and i finally bought it. i did play a cracked version of this but .. its very different when you buy it legitimately its way more awesome and better than playing a cracked version of this and i deeply not regretted buying it .. i love everydamn second of this game
,Recommended,227300,15611374,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Emu The Bird,
76561198125445455,Recommended,227300,22883495,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Darkdragon1759,One of my all time favourite games to play. Relaxing and the gameplay is amazing. Runs perfectly on my PC and I would definitely buy again
,Recommended,227300,34913011,Posted: 12 September,all,Maryjun,Nothing better than driving a god damn truck
76561198253882420,Recommended,227300,21235070,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Trigger,"To be honest I wasn't going to download this sim as I thought it would be just another ""drive down the same bit of road"" type thing over and over again. I couldnt have been more wrong! As previous reviewers have said, it is totally immersive and varied and even in the base game, without any extra DLC, it will take many hours to ""complete"". Huge maps, excellent, stable graphics, easy to start-up and progress, great sound and even the radio to croon along to as you blast along another, different Euro highway. In short, get it now. You will not be disappointed!"
,Recommended,227300,8450768,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,gunther_(')>,pretty fun time killer if you ask me :P
,Recommended,227300,16568016,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Danniel,"Can get dull at times. Multiplayer mod brilliant fun. Plenty of great DLC. Steering wheel makes this game a lot more fun, i would recommend one"
,Recommended,227300,7841455,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,stoffe,"Detail: Very good -- The geometry and texture is very rich.Gameplay: Very realistic -- You get deducted if you get caught on camera by speeding (But you don't get caught if you speed without camera, hah!), cars also will stop if you turn on signal.Control: Offers tiered and fully customisable control schemes (KB only / KB + mouse steering / KB + Mouse steering + Pedals / Full wheel rig). However, the down side being: If you have no previous experience with a truck sim, you might want to note down which keys are important keys. However, the Nav menu will prompt which keys to press, usually.I highly recommend this game if you want to enjoy a laid-back simulation game and not losing touch of realism (I'm a hardcore NFS player, realism is NON-EXISTENT in that game...).C"
,Recommended,227300,15253970,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,uNNNk,"First time you might say ""I don't like this game"" , but , after you play it , you realise how good it is .In this game you have TRUCKS , a lot of them , and what do you do ? TRUCKING. If you have a really bad day , just turn the music on and start this game , after a while you will feel better :).:+ Almost all trucks from Europe with high quality graphics and sounds.+ A lot of different trailers . Hmmm , TRUCKING.+ The world is very detailed , so you can enjoy the marvelous environment when you're TRUCKING.+ A leveling system that motivates you to play .+ You can modify,tune,add,remove a lot of parts from your truck.+ You can create your own company , buy some TRUCKS and hire drivers to go trucking in style.+ You can forget to drive on the left side of the road in UK, good luck !+ You can add mods if you want to go EXTREME TRUCKING.++-- You can play multiplayer , but , it's not included in the main game ... so you have to put some extra work to go TRUCKING with your felllow TRUCKERS.+ I have 100 hours right now and only 55% map discovered , SCS pls nerf map size . (Joking)==Edit(2017):+ Bought the Scandinavian Dlc and I must say that it is marvelous ! Especially with the addition of double trailers. Double trailers masterrace !+ Bought the Heavy Cargo Pack -> It adds new cargoes that go up to 61 tones. 61 TONES. Good luck delivering these trailers, you will need it.= Got over 420 hours played :D."
76561198204859500,Recommended,227300,34845670,Posted: 9 September,all,LTDigilusion,"Good realistic truck driving game,...I love it !!!"
76561197990567941,Recommended,227300,7977332,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Yuka,"Let me start by saying it is an amazing experience! Fun to drive and totally enjoyable. Its still needs some polish (AI, I'm looking at you), but overall it's a great game. Let me illustrate.Major buying points:- Great Simulation: The truck drives and feels like a truck in the road, plus it has a lot of ""simulation"" customization. For instance, you can simulate a 12 gearbox with a 6 gear stick wheel + shift button. Fully compatible with the XB360 controller makes it a relly nice simulation experience for a couch driver like myself.- Great Scenery/Lanscapes: It's not Crysis 3 nor BF4, but you will love the scenery and special Europe landscapes it shows to you while driving. It is static scenery, but not less beautiful.- Great Weather Simulation: It has its own ""rain probability"" slide to adjust how often you would like to see rain (too bad no snow though) and when it does rain, everything changes like it should and you would expect (maybe driving simulation could change a little more).- Night/Day Cycle: Night is gorgeus, specially when there's rain. Small roads make this challening as hell when you're on a quick/urgent delivery. And while in the topic of night, headlights. You can not have a big truck and not have big lights, right? High beams are a great thing to watch as they make dark into glorious day! Well, not like that, but yeah. Oh, opposing lane drivers won't like it though, heh. And Day, well, you get to see the scenery and all that. Foggy mornings are great (I just made this up, haha).- Other stuff models: Ok, the trucks are the great main dish of visual pleasure, but when you're driving, you get to say stuff like this: ""hey, I know that car!"" and ""well, I think that's my car!"". I got a close look at the other stuff and they might not be the greatest visual fest, but they are and try to be realistically accurate (not graphically, again).- Economy: This is a great thing from the game and that is you can become a Truck overlord and go from driving to managing a spread sheet with numbers! Ok, that doesn't sound so fun at first, but you get to manage your own company or be a lonely wolf forever; the choice is there while you level and earn money at least. And yes, you can drive AND manage, haha.Things that need to be worked on:- Traffic AI: This is a really troublesome point, since the BIG part of the simulation is to have a decent environment you're doing the simulation on. The traffic takes a major part in that regard and it is still ""not there"" in terms of ""yeah, a regular driver would do that"" impressions. Good thing is that it is being worked on and it should improve sooner than later, but it is acceptable in its current state.- Amount of other stuff: Ok, scenery and landscapes are there, they're great looking and all that, but cities do not reflect the HUGE size they should.- Winter! Yes, this one is self-explainatory. There is no ""snow season"" in the game. I'd love one. We get rain though, but not ""seasons"". Maybe the way time goes by made this one a tough call.- GPS: There is no exploration mode GPS. This one is puzzling for me, since they had one in the other 18 Wheels of Steel series. You do get the transport GPS though (helps a LOT), but when you're just driving around and want to get to ""B"", where ""B"" is on the other side of Europe, you have to stop from time to time and check that you're not lost. Maybe it's part of the simulation, but this is not 1990 when I had to look at a map for directions.Well, there you have them.My veredict is that you should really give this game a try if you like to drive stuff (sims or not) and enjoy a little extra on your ""simulation dish"" (economy point; read back a lil').Cheers!"
,Recommended,227300,14217290,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,I'm running out of ideas,This game is fun.Help.
76561198104369232,Recommended,227300,24399461,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,triplecircle96,I recommend for people who enjoy doing uncomplicated tasks for long stretches of time...and no one else
76561198040552338,Recommended,227300,8670644,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,JaingBing,Keeps you playing for hours!
76561198060019974,Recommended,227300,35078721,Posted: 19 September,all,davidlarkin80,I HAVE had this game for quite a while now and  still love playing it
,Recommended,227300,35079524,Posted: 20 September,all,Valhalla | Skuuu,Good
76561198045348196,Recommended,227300,25094916,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Liam_Neeson,"I really enjoy this truck simulator so far.  I actually bought this after I bought ATS.Lol Its got some great scenery in the game. It seems like theres a lot more to discover in ETS2 than ATS. Some parts of the country a little harder to drive being there are lots of curves and windy areas here and there. One of the downs is that you have to park the trailer in the spot they give you which can be tricky.  You get it down once you do for a while, but there is no safe parking option like there is in ATS. Great game so far! Ill prob end up playing this for quite a while. I dont have any graphic problems like I have been seeing in some other peoples comments.  Everything is very crystal clear and I have no problems. Again, love the scenery in this game! Not disappointed. If you buy this game, buy the deluxe bundle. It includes the Scandinavia and going east DLC."
76561198095367203,Recommended,227300,34922274,Posted: 13 September,all,daBrown75,Really relaxing game.Awesome with a steering wheel and an H-shifter (I play with a Logitech G27).Put some nice music and drive on.
76561197999733007,Recommended,227300,11021598,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,grimwit,"Oddly hypnotic.Once you start playing, you get the feeling that the game has nothing to offer you, but soon after your first job you start to realize you want more.  It's less a game and more a meditation.  A mantra.  A tone in your mind.Soon, you'll own your own truck.  You'll desire new upgrade for that truck:  A better paint job, More lights, Oh My God a New Engine, so on.  You'll desire a bigger garage, higher levels to buy better stuff.  You'll want to go everywhere, discover all the cities and fill all the gray roads (unexplored) with yellow (explored).  It's...hypnotic.The online streaming radio is a master stroke.  It think that should be an option in all games from now on, especially driving ones.  Being an ignorant American, the radio makes Euro Trucker feel like a figital tour of the continent.My biggest complaint is most upgrades and trucks are level locked, requiring several hours of game play just to get the OPTION to buy what you want.  It's hard enough to build up the money, why wouldn't I be able to buy an awesome truck along with that?Flaws aside, I recommend you buy this if you like to sit and meditate."
,Recommended,227300,34992927,Posted: 16 September,all,peter.thorngren,Superb simulator! Great game!
76561198025399541,Recommended,227300,34993365,Posted: 16 September,all,[10S-04]Andrei,"Great game, always enjoy it with friends and a wheel. It is very fun without friends too as their are thousands of mods and the multiplayer mod. I strongly recommend getting the multiplayer mod as there are thousands of online people online at any time!"
,Recommended,227300,20202397,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,inFamous,"Literally addictive game, it's so realistic; it keeps you playing and playing. Definetely recommending you to buy it, especially now that it is on sale."
,Recommended,227300,21966993,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Klush,"I asked my parents a few years ago if I could buy this game because I could learn some road rules, get ready for my drivers license etc.Now I've started trucking school.Funny how one tiny decision can alter the way you life is headed."
,Recommended,227300,24318329,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,ToolTimeWithTom1200,Great Game I LIke It Just As Much As American Trucking Simulator!
76561198302513175,Recommended,227300,24321109,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Rockatansky,"This game is really fun to play, it offers an exciting simulation experience with physics, graphics and gameplayBest driving simulation"
76561198220025309,Recommended,227300,34968413,Posted: 15 September,all,AND,"Amazing game.Immersive as i cannot stop playing.But need more DLC packs except paint jobs.The only bad thing is other players, who dont have DLC packs, cant see your DLC's on multiplayer"
,Recommended,227300,22857815,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Panteri,"Being that I did long and light haulings for 8 years with my sister, this game hits home for me on a personal note. I really love playing this game, it's a marvel in simulations and meets to the same standards as in real life freight hauling. This is now my favorite game of all time, I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not. 10/10 best game of all time. :D"
,Recommended,227300,26959885,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,astronomas,"One of the best examples of simulators done right, furthermore more than 3 years after its release it still is supported and patched on regular basis. Furthermore, it is really relaxing, when I don’t want to play anything else I usually play this game or American Truck Simulator. All what you need to do is just drive by the rules of the road, the deadlines for deliveries usually allow for driving without a particular hurry. While doing that you can admire the world around you, which has some really stunning views especially in Scandinavia DLC. All of this combine into this relaxing and “zen” experience.The game is still supported and patched, SCS said they are delivering same game engine patches as for American Truck Simulator, which is their newer game developed on the same engine. Not abandoning their older game after newer one has been released is a behavior of a game developer that should be supported. Furthermore there are tons of mods (including new trucks, maps, truck parts, loads, trailers, traffic and just about anything you could think of), some of them just are not on the Steam workshop, but you can easily download them outside the Steam. My favorite are trailer and traffic packs by Jazzycat, trucks by RJL and Ohaha, ProMods map and others, I really cannot mention here all the good mods that exist for this game. The game has even a mod loader that makes installing and running mods really easy. The support for steering wheels and gamepads is really good in my experience.The most often valid complaint about the game is that it still does not support newer versions of DirectX. The AI sometimes does stupid things. But these really are not major problems. In case you are wondering do you need a steering wheel for this game my answer is you don’t but it makes the experience much better. The game is not hardcore simulation, it still has some gamey elements (for example some pneumatic systems of trucks are not simulated, you cannot buy your own trailers, etc.), but it is done to strike a balance between playability and simulation that would be most enjoyable.If you are considering buying this game, I recommend getting “Scandinavia”, ""Viva La France"" and “Going East” DLCs, these add many interesting roads to drive through. All the rest DLC (at the time of writing this review) is purely cosmetic so you do not really need it.Usually I recommend a game for a group of people that it best suits, but this is almost a universal recommendation from me. If you are a fan of driving or simulation games you should be already owning it. If you are not into simulation games, but you never really tried playing one this might be the one to try, especially on sale because you can get it ridiculously cheap then."
76561198132735588,Recommended,227300,30976117,Posted: 6 April,all,JFthunderer,"The only game that makes me feel instantly happy,peaceful within a few minutes of playing.There is something magical going on as it may seem like the most boring game ever. Very strange but give it a try if you want to quickly experience calmness,satisfaction which are rarely found in the common action filled games."
76561198073434984,Recommended,227300,25883020,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Saivetz,"If someone was to ask me what one of the most interesting and fun games to play is, they might think me crazy if I told them it was Euro Truck Simulator 2. I'm not sure what made me buy it in the first place but it is not a decision I regret as I have now put over 100 hours into this game. The amount of depth is surprising and keeps you hooked for a long time. Visually the game looks fine, I don't think it needs crazy graphics and the trade off is that performance is great able to maintain a flawless 60 fps, the only thing worth mentioning is that I do experience a bug where the screen will just freeze whilst sound continues, this requires me to restart the game. Luckily the games saving system means that I never lose much progress. As for sounds whilst fairly basic, the sounds you expect to hear such as the engine which can get repetitive,  windscreen wipers, horn as well as ambient sounds are all present. The in game music is a pleasure to listen too as it gets stuck in my head and I find it quite endearing. As for gameplay itself, there is more then just making deliveries. When you start you don't have your own vehicle. So you'll find yourself doing basic deliveries whilst you earn the cash to get your own first truck. Once you do the amount of customisation available for each truck is awesome and you can really make each truck look unique from another. Once you have your own truck i'd recommend taking out a loan to start building your own company. Earn enough to buy another cheap truck and then hire a driver to work for you. You can then keep earning until you can upgrade your first Headquarters and fill it with your own drivers. Once that done you can then start to expand purchasing new headquarters around Europe whilst getting to explore the landscape in the process. There is also a leveling system in which you can develop your own license such as being able to take explosive or corrosive products to taking heavier more important loads and even being able to carry goods further. Which allows you to start earning more per delivery. You also have to watch you own vehicle as you need to keep it topped with fuel as if you run out you need to get it towed which can cost you a lot, and their is also a fatigue system which can be turned of in the settings which requires you to have to rest after driving for so long. The map is huge, and will take a considerable amount of time to fully explore.  That's the only downside however most towns in the game look almost identical giving you very little reason to want to go and explore them. Same for a lot of roads as they can lack variety which can make driving feel dull after some time both issues that were worked on in American Truck Simulator. However seeing as I've played this game for so long the management side of the game as well as just cruising around in general is fun enough to keep you playing for years to come."
76561198034195537,Recommended,227300,25942456,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,eemerge,"I'll keep it simple : great game !!!I usually get bored after playing a game for a while, but not this one :)Always fun to drive around in ETS2 !Recommended !"
76561198313336099,Recommended,227300,26010377,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Penneth,Absolutely fantastic game :)
76561197978678586,Recommended,227300,26039303,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,DannyS™,"might not be much just driving around in a game, but this game is awesome!"
,Recommended,227300,28952159,Posted: 2 January,all,Chad the Brony,"This game rightfully deserved the Sit Back and Relax award, because you'll be doing just that while playing it, not to mention that it's addicting."
,Recommended,227300,31691673,Posted: 11 May,all,arima,-Choose a playlist on spotify-Boot up your game-Hit the roadAnd enjoy the game.10/10 chillest game ever
,Recommended,227300,28963743,Posted: 2 January,all,00,Sit back and relax
,Recommended,227300,27342299,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Voozr,Kanser sebebi ancak başından kalkamadığınız bu oyunda en büyük düşmanınız AI sürücüler...
,Recommended,227300,24371736,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,zolmorg,"Short version:BUY THIS GAME NOW!Long version:Okay, here we go... So are you bored of 60$, empty games with no content? Do you want to drive around Europe without going out from the house? Do you enjoy solitude? Or community chaos? Your dream is to become a ruck driver?If the answer is yes, to any of these questions, my friend, you are in the right place!The following parts of this rewiev is completly useless because you already bought the game...Oh, you did't? (Or you played it 500+ hours and you are curious about other players opinions?)I got into trucking simulators when i was only a little kid, like 7 or 8. I played 100+ hours with a lot of 18 Wheels of Steel games and Euro Truck Simulator. So i had some experience in trucking before this one.The first thing you'll notice in this game that is it looks beatiful (even on low graphic setings). So that i got your graphic concerns away let me go a little further.The game starts a little bit slow (faster than ATS) but the moment you get slipped in the flow, the moment you lose your life. (Promising, huh?)10 hours in the game, i got my first truck. (This was way before ETS2 got on Steam) Oh maan, what a feel. My orange Scania with indecorus horns on the top... The thing I will never forget.50 hours the company building begins. I just bought and bought and bought trucks to build my company. It is a really good feeling when you see your company grow.100+ hours: Congratulations! You officially lost your life playing a simulator...SO, I could do this all night but i will conclude my review here:Pros:+Amazing driving experience+Company building+Amazing DLCs (BUY EVERYTHING! Worth every cent.)+Lot of trucks+Lot of roads+Various types of cargos (fragile, adr, important, etc)+Top 5 games everCons:-What does con mean? (Kappa)Not enough? Multiplayer! F\/CK YEAH!Wanna crashed by 8 years old? Try the Multiplayer!Wanna drive in convoy with your no life friends (just like you)? Try Multiplayer!Wanna spend another 200+ hours? Try the MP! (Still counting for me for 200+ :D )What the actual f*ck are you still doing here? I highly recommend not reading this, buy the gaaame!(Sorry for bad english or insulting with a lot of CAPSLOCK, have a safe journey, my fellow trucker!)"
,Recommended,227300,33229512,Posted: 4 July,all,Triplios,Very chill game. I recommend buying a DLC such as Going East! or Viva la France to expand the map as it is pretty small in the base game. Or buy the Essentials Bundle (which is what I did) to get even more extra content. Other than that the game is 10/10. It is very well optimised and can run on my potato laptop on the lowest settings at 720p with around 35-40 fps.-My specs-Intel Pentium Dual Core T4400 @ 2.20Ghz3GB RAMIntel GMA 950 GraphicsI also like how progression is in this game. It's easy yet challanging.I highly recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a relaxing game.EDIT: I got a more powerful PC so now I can comment on the graphics of the game. The game looks amazing on high settings.
,Recommended,227300,34314530,Posted: 17 August,all,Mysterious18c,I like it its good and funny mp
,Recommended,227300,34358450,Posted: 19 August,all,Tametman,One of the best simulation video games...
,Recommended,227300,32629350,Posted: 21 June,all,Tiensama チエンサマ,"-PLAYING ON A SERVER-PLUGGED IN MY GAMING WHEEL-DOING MY BASIC TRANSPORTING JOB-SUDDENLY SOMEONE SCREAMS SAYS ""HEEELP ME""-I SAW HIM AT THE DISTANCE-HIS TRUCK WAS UPSIDE DOWN-I WANTED TO HELP-SPEED UP MY TRUCK TO 80 KM-CRASHED HIM-HE IS NOT UPSIDE DOWN NOW-WHAT MY ENGINE GOT DESTROYED?-I REPAIRED MY ENGINE-IM BROKE NOW10/10 WOULD CRASH AGAIN"
76561198109280824,Recommended,227300,34961818,Posted: 14 September,all,Happy Pessimist,"Bought this due to the good reviews, and being on sale at the time. More than worth the price. Was very pleasantly surprised by the overall fun and challenge of it. Remain alert, and make short, small adjustments, without oversteering, or quickly crash. Save up, or borrow money to buy and costumize your truck, start your business, and explore.Each city has many of its unique and recognizable buildings visible and each country some of its landmarks. Different engines, transmissions, drivetrains, and especially trailer loads make a significant difference in the driving experience. The map, and thus the time (tens of minutes rather that hours between major cities), is just condensed enough to keep the simulation interesting, without too much being lost.Highly recommended!"
76561198179189859,Recommended,227300,31051475,Posted: 9 April,all,sgunnem,Ill play anything where I can drive a mercedes benz.This game is so chill and relax its nice sit back take in the aging graphics engine.  Its not GTA5 graphics but its acceptable 4k resolution on a 4k monitor w/gtx 980ti.If u think wtf driving a slow♥♥♥♥♥truck how boring I want 2 drive fast....  Ive always played racing games and this is a new challenge.  You cant just stop or turn u have to get your speeds right so u dont crash and make no money.Ive played this game non-steam and it takes about 8hours of gameplay to unlock the engine/tranny upgrades that make the trucks quick uphills and all around.  Thats when it gets really good.I stay away from England being an American I cant quite get the right way of driving and crash more often lol.Anyways if youre thinking of buying this check out the american truck demo first because its the newer version of this game.
,Recommended,227300,32311939,Posted: 10 June,all,Nicu,An awesome game...
,Recommended,227300,34996934,Posted: 16 September,all,kº)a)R)a)s>◄,Lonely Man Simulator 2K13
,Recommended,227300,25955180,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,✪ Sentra,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 blew me away when I first got it. Considering the first game was♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is very impressive. I highly recommend this game. It includes everything a person that plays simulators wants. (Besides a full on controller set). Many mods make it very easy to have a nice time just driving trucks!  The scenery is also beautiful on game standards (and no, I don't have a 4k monitor). So bravo SCS, you scored a winner."
,Recommended,227300,26106610,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Blitzkrieg Blue,"It's a very good truck simulator game but for me is more of a niche game. I didn't played a lot because I only have a good pc gaming now to run it smooth but even though the game isn't what make me fixed on it.Although, driving trucks, making your fleet and evolving is good. Truck games imo always have a space on the list of games because they are chilling.I recommend only getting it if you understand what you are getting. Don't expect much more than drive, deliver stuff, refuel and manage your fleet of trucks."
,Recommended,227300,35022142,Posted: 17 September,all,Gaurav,Tis game is very additive and precisely developed.
,Recommended,227300,35032530,Posted: 17 September,all,waTerLy ❿❄️⚡彡ぷ,"You gonna waste alot of your time.But,thats gonna be a journey into the truckers world.Great game,great graphics.Just awesome."
76561198278716939,Recommended,227300,34900306,Posted: 12 September,all,Ecstasy,SCANIA EZ :
,Recommended,227300,24413600,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,infocraft,Great Game to relax
,Recommended,227300,19510911,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dequan Al Bashir,10/10Only play while high
76561198137579409,Recommended,227300,24413192,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,strange csoffer.me,Grymt bra
76561198216613647,Recommended,227300,34815236,Posted: 8 September,all,★Alexandru22★ CSGONECRO.COM,It is a nice and very CHILL game! Bought it for relaxing in the summer sale! A very peaceful game until you crash into dumb NPC's and you have to pay a lot to fix the problems!
,Recommended,227300,29359178,Posted: 19 January,all,! Daniel ! Gift-Drop.com,Verry good game but dlc's too expensive...
76561198053559812,Recommended,227300,29358107,Posted: 19 January,all,Serato,"The multiplayer mod is amazing, really well made ,love track IR support also , find the game really relaxing , note disable the speed limiter in settings :) ,"
76561198188342607,Recommended,227300,29362460,Posted: 19 January,all,InfinityFalse,Really good game to help pass time faster.
,Recommended,227300,28127339,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,morbivs,"I absolutely love this game, very realistic, I run it on max settings and it's beautiful. I cannot find a bad thing about it."
76561198263500987,Recommended,227300,29362976,Posted: 19 January,all,unkindlynoob,best game i have ever played and i would extreamly recomend that anyone who is thinking of purchase to go for i didnt even like trucks til i played this game :D
,Recommended,227300,28124997,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,НБГД ЈБТ!,Great game!
,Recommended,227300,28125266,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,STIWITUKE,ppopopo
,Recommended,227300,9758680,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,I88I,"For me lags mostly, but… easy controls, readable dash, open for immersion missions and your whole driving world. And it loads very fast, unlike many other games do!Don't miss it on sale!"
,Recommended,227300,28773614,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,lolz | Alexander,Its a really good game to kill time if you are bored get some music and drive on!
76561198030059994,Recommended,227300,23963997,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,need.more.brain,"This game has ...no High Scoresno Ladderno Kill Streaksno complex Eco Systemno bullet timeno Build Ordersno Grindingno skill trees (well .. almost)It is still awesome. It feels great to turn on your favorite radio stream, pick the longest track ingame and just take a truck ride after work...It is enjoyable with a controller but I am thinking to invest in a wheel controller to increase the immersion."
76561198325679690,Recommended,227300,35221714,Posted: 26 September,all,Alex,Very good game i totally recommend this game!
76561198255328655,Recommended,227300,29714093,Posted: 5 February,all,ergentan,"This game definitely earns its ""Sit Back and Relax"" reward. When I feel stressed and in need of emptying my head, I just start this game, turn on my music and drive for hours... It has a very soothing atmosphere and play style, yet it also gives you a good feeling of accomplishment, too. Although I have always been fond of driving games, I have never been a truck driving fan. But after buying this game, I realized that I am playing this more over my other driving games.For me, only drawback of this game is the limited number of drivers you can hire. In such progressive games, I really like to conquer and own everything and eventually I start to expand my business with great eagerness, but when I realized that there is a cap on number of drivers you can hire, I was like ""noooooo.... really?"". Still, as a 30+ year gamer, I can easily call this one of the most addictive I have ever played. I sometimes take breaks, but I return to it eventually to play some more."
,Recommended,227300,27333288,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,∞Infinite²,Love this game. Dont crash tho :/
76561198090012060,Recommended,227300,35091934,Posted: 20 September,all,Kraft Dinner,A very relaxing game. It caused me to fail my road test in real life because I got used to driving slowly on the highway LOL
,Recommended,227300,28580514,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Bamoon Takkur,"My account is activated but it still says that my account is not activated when i press that button ""connect your profile with world for trucks"" and I still didn't find any solution for that and i'm still offline"
76561198092769679,Recommended,227300,28579936,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Alumas,"Surprisingly addictive!!Between Euro truck Sim 2 and American Truck Sim, I've sank over 50 hours into playing over the last couple of weeks.A wheel and pedals help quite a bit, but it is still playable, and enjoyable, with just a keyboard and mouse."
76561198364573320,Recommended,227300,35103516,Posted: 21 September,all,Jacey86,"This is a great game but it has one very annoying flaw. In the DLC options you have a UK paint bundle, an Irish paint bundle snad a Scottish paint bundle......WERE IS THE WELSH ONE? I'm so sad I cant get a welsh flag truck paint DLC. None of the DLC options mentioned here have a Welsh flag in them. We have been forgotten :-("
76561197961645092,Recommended,227300,32982127,Posted: 29 June,all,JASQ,"Very fun, relaxing and addictive game, love it. It breaks my away from other games."
76561198101351445,Recommended,227300,29510154,Posted: 26 January,all,PortalVendor,*Trains Intensely for best trucker in the world**30h huge drive from paris to poland**No cargo damage and no truck damage whatsoever**Right beside where you finish the job**A random MP player John Cena's yo♥♥♥♥♥Repeat.9+10/10
,Recommended,227300,9837087,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Krankenwagen,"This game is just fantstic. I just love driving through the landscape, listening to my own imported music. It really is one of those hidden treasures that's so easy to overlook. Get this game!"
76561198157119708,Recommended,227300,26304266,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,THX1138_LV,"Great community in multiplayer (requires manual mod download), one can really feel the trucking spirit and enjoy trucking, not simple driving. This is what kind of differentiates this sim from others. Game is balanced and will provide largest truck manufacturers in Europe. Game is being constantly patched, it's not buggy. Works best with a wheel, don't get a cheap one."
,Recommended,227300,24064273,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,A-Nero,nice game. recomended who love long truck )
,Recommended,227300,8407717,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Falen,"For the current price of $8.74 you get the core game and the Going East! expansion pack. Even at the not on sale prices, I find this to more then worth the value,You start off with a small beat up warehouse that is the basis of your trucking company. At the start you are just a driver for hire and dont own your own truck, but dont fret, after the delivery of some hired out jobs, you will be able to afford your very first truck. with this you can take on jobs that pay larger sums, and also hire drivers to work for you.The game also have some RPG elements that allow you to not only upgrade your own driver but the skills and abillitys of your hired workers!"
,Recommended,227300,35137342,Posted: 22 September,all,祈,"Relax and chill game, easy to play"
,Recommended,227300,10643572,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Metatron,"If you play this game like Grand Theft Auto, you're gonna have a bad time."
76561198366044210,Recommended,227300,34557645,Posted: 28 August,all,Andi,"I think this game is absolutely amazing, no words."
,Recommended,227300,35142789,Posted: 22 September,all,i just lost $15 on gamdom.com,">Drive 2,000km on the same road>Doesn't fall asleep10/10 interesting gameplay"
,Recommended,227300,30019446,Posted: 18 February,all,Nuțu - Furien,Best Game !!
76561198010177451,Recommended,227300,9967314,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,dessnr,"I don't know how they did it, but they did it.  They some how fit a heap of real trucks into my monitor.  I took out a give way (yield) sign, knocked over 3 road side reflector poles, got fined for speeding in a 40 zone and when a spider crawled from my keyboard onto me, I had time to take a quick poo in my pants whilst my employers 400,000 dollar truck ploughed into a highway wall, with all the love and glory of life like physics.  It was AWESOME!What a GREAT game!!  Well done.EDIT:This game is the road version of what Elite Dangerous should be.  After all of the money that was pumped into ED, you'd think that it would be everything Freelancer is plus everything ED is and more.  A HUGE dissappointment.  They basically did exactly the same thing Egosoft did with X-Rebirth except they were sly about it.  They made it look as though ""it was all meant to happen this way"".  The game was not ready for realease, filled with bugs and holes and not even a quarter complete and as of this date, 26 of June 2015, it still doesn't even have vocal NPC's as Freelancer did.  Maybe in 2 years time, yeah, but right now, the game is boring.  Even with Powerplay.Eurotruck Sim is exactly what it says it is and more.  Even the day they released it, albeit it wasn't perfect, it was at least what they said it was and it worked.  It really is the road version of ED and it made it easy for me to put ED away.Thanks again guys and gals for making a kick♥♥♥♥♥♥Sim."
76561198047840543,Recommended,227300,31779680,Posted: 15 May,all,NopRocks,"Trust me it's a hard job. change gear; change gear; change gear; check your mirrors; murder a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, change gear; change gear; murder; check your mirrors."
,Recommended,227300,10341695,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Anonymous Sandwich,When purchasing this game I thought I would barly play this. And while I have practicly a potato that runs it TERRIBLY i continue to play and will not stop enjoying the entertainment that comes out of this game until ATS comes out. While this may be a simulator it just gets...... sooooo....... addddddiiiiicccccttttttinnggg!!!!
76561198014511355,Recommended,227300,28589103,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,elektronno trader marketplace.tf,"It is better with a steering wheel and pedals, if you just have a keyboard then i cannot fully recommend it, but it is still fun"
,Recommended,227300,16069876,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Spicy Jamaican Beef Patty,Spent forty minutes trying to back my truck into the right spot.10/10 would waste more of my life than I wanted to on this game again.
76561197967145714,Recommended,227300,15307296,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,DeW',"Trucks, trucks and more trucks. Game is good looking (with mods even better). Devs should really consider to get in touch with some of the modders and try to implement those mods in game since it would make the game even more realistic and more fun to play. Also the game engine is not realyl optimized as it should be.You want to buy this game? I would say ... yeah. After all it worth it's money."
76561198280859030,Recommended,227300,35150233,Posted: 23 September,all,jyl1135,extremely relaxing and addictive
,Recommended,227300,28573214,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,XxAdyxX98,"It's a very nice game i played it before and i lost my account ... but now with steam sales i got the game again , what can i say , it's a great gameThe only thing is that i cant play it as much as i liked couse my pc is kinda slow .. its a acer craptopI plan on building an gaming pc and probably get an wheel to enjoy this game more :)"
76561197998540151,Recommended,227300,1829499,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,Dauntless |UKCS|,"A very relaxing game, its a driving simulator of sorts. I'ts fun to begin with just driving your missions. It gets even better once you can afford to get your own truck business going and you can buy/upgrade your rigs. If you have any kind of interest in trucks, driving games or simulators I think you should give the demo a quick blast."
,Recommended,227300,31663450,Posted: 10 May,all,[RPPK] Callum,"This is by far the most relaxing game I've played, amazing, beautiful scenery and it gets better every update! I bought it back around 2013, it was the first game I ever bought on steam, and still play it to this day, a game I would highly recommend you all get."
,Recommended,227300,18089889,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Frost,You drive a truck in Europe
,Recommended,227300,22720741,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MMD,"Game with future, nice game, i think it's real life."
,Recommended,227300,34599628,Posted: 29 August,all,тяιggєя,"Nice and fun adventurous game. If you like driving simulator game this is by far the best game in my opinion. You can take long destination as your job and you can drive your truck for 20 minutes while listening to the radio which plays the music you have pasted into your game directory. Watching those sunset or driving through rain, storms really set your mood up. The only thing that bugs me is placing your cargo. It's hella hard thing to do correctly so I just skip it. Anyway, I will recommend this game."
76561198270964672,Recommended,227300,34618360,Posted: 30 August,all,AirSickSoda626,I recommend this game for people who want to sit back and relax while trucking. It is a really fun game and still gets updated and new DLC But it is a real shame that SOME people ruin your day online other than that it is amazing
76561198050825683,Recommended,227300,34639721,Posted: 31 August,all,Hiro シ,"The simulator for people who are not into simulators. Euro Truck Simulator 2 provides you with gameplay that is best enjoyed if you want something calming. I would highly recommend playing it with a gamepad or anything besides mouse and keyboard. The management side feels actually rewarding if you are into earning money to invest it to earn even more money. While the graphics aren't anywhere near breathtaking the ambience holds up for it.The DLC of this game seem pricey but they are worth it if you plan on playing several hundreds of hours, otherwise you should still get them when they are on sale, especially since the developer is still actively working on implementing the rest of europe.For me personally, this game is best enjoyed laying back, talking to friends on teamspeak or discord and just relax."
76561198033670904,Recommended,227300,34698222,Posted: 2 September,all,BigD,"Awesome and relaxing game, buy it now!"
,Recommended,227300,34445312,Posted: 23 August,all,LeftSharkie,"Amazing game, definately reccomend it!"
76561198328457348,Recommended,227300,34654920,Posted: 1 September,all,NtinosTheGreekGamer,One of the best videogames I have ever played so far. The game itself is so relaxing and attractive at the same time that you just want to keep on playing!
76561197970720161,Recommended,227300,34464535,Posted: 24 August,all,Game_Dude,"If you don't like sitting behind a truck's wheel for extensive periods of time, don't buy this. That's what you're gonna be doing for 90%+ of the time.You start by doing jobs for other companies. Drive cargo from A to B. Truck and everything is provided to you. Once you have enough money, you can buy an own truck. From that point you need physically drive to the location with the cargo and then, as before, deliver it to your destination. You will have to repair eventual damage to your truck, fuel it and occasionally take a nap when you get tired.Once you have enough exp, you level up and can invest one skill point in a handful of skills. License for hazardous transports, longer distance jobs, etc.Your truck can also be upgraded in many ways. Engine, Wheels, lights, just opticals.. you name it - its probably there.You can buy garages, multiple trucks and also hire drivers to do jobs. Your garages serve as quicktravel points.There are many mods available through the workshop, which make the experience much, much better.Also, once you own the game and know you will be playing this for a while, you should consider getting the france and scandinavia DLCs. And, once out, the italy one."
,Recommended,227300,15740364,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,✞ CroatianCrusader ✞,VERY COOL! BUT I WOULD LIKE IN THE NEXT VERSION CROATIA ;D
,Recommended,227300,35245759,Posted: 27 September,all,hellcase.com,This is best game with truckI have a logitech g29 and a gear stick
76561198300305119,Recommended,227300,30492371,Posted: 13 March,all,Travis,"This game is peace,this game is relaxing.If you are having a stressful day or get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off somebody or something,I would definitely recommend you to play this game.It just tranquilize you and it is very enjoyable.You simply find peace."
,Recommended,227300,12664704,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,MicroKORGI,"When I first saw gameplay videos of ETS2, I was a bit skeptical of how long a truck-driving game could be interesting. I decided to take a chance and drop the sale price of $14.99 on it, and was immediately shocked at how in-depth this game is. I've played nearly 150 hours, and keep coming back to play more, as it's just a ton of fun to drive a huge truck around Europe! The integration of internet radio stations makes long trips easier, and constant updates keep the game relevant and realistic! This is definitely worth the price, and will leave anyone satisfied for hour after hour!"
,Recommended,227300,11603167,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Gary the Canadian Tire Guy,"This game is AMAZINGLY detailed! They even detail it in areas you wouldn't go! I saw an actual train IN-GAME drive past me! The interior of the trucks COULD NOT get any better! Its usually on sale often so if you are looking forward to getting this game, then wait no longer! If you love driving games and have plenty of free time, then you will really enjoy this great simulator! I certainly love it! This game will entertain you for HOURS on end! Enjoy!"
,Recommended,227300,12452697,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,KITATUS,I crashed on the way to Southampton; Ditched my Cargo and lived the rest of my life as a rebel on the run.10/10 GOTY.
76561198116719599,Recommended,227300,13125411,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Angoril,"Not much can be said for the game that hasn't already been said before. I knew of the game before I bought it and while I wanted to, something inside me was keeping me from it as I was thinking that trucks would be boring. The recent steam sale made me give it a go though and now I wish I would have bought it when I first heard of it. Best surprise I had in years. Was expecting to get a few hours out of this game, but I am addicted to it. I just can't wait daily till I can load it and start delivering stuff all around. The AI could do with a bit more love to be honest since some decisions seem a little off, but that's not enough to drive me away from the game. Great job SCS!"
,Recommended,227300,15056467,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,dick182,"you got the touchyou got the powerwhen all hell's breakin' looseyou'll be riding the eye of the stormyou got the heartyou got the motionyou know that when things get too toughyou got the toucheverytime I start the engine, I will always play this song."
,Recommended,227300,29209572,Posted: 12 January,all,Gamm,"The best truck simulator, really fun, parking is a bit challenging. (thank god for auto park)Overall this is a game I would recommend."
,Recommended,227300,33674846,Posted: 20 July,all,-=|h|=- | csgogem.com |,"Citizens of Dunwall, please accept my apologies. I was a hop, skip and a slide away from the Lord Regent's chamber when this seriously compelling lorry sim sped into my life. Suddenly, stealthy vengeance seems far less important than ensuring a load of new JCBs gets to Bratislava on time.Euro Truck Simulator 2 is that rare thing, a strong sim tethered to a strong game. Where other vehicle-obsessed devs seem to take player motivation for granted, Czech studio SCS understand that a pleasingly modelled steed needs a pleasingly modelled environment to shine.On this occasion that environment is a swathe of Europe stretching from Plymouth in the west to Wroclaw in the east, from Aberdeen in the north to Milan in the South. The tangle of motorways and major roads is stylised and condensed, but feels massive. After a splendid week of non-stop trucking the stats screen tells me I've still only seen 50% of it.There's satisfaction in exploring new routes, seeing new golden been-there-done-that squiggles appearing on the in-game map, but it tends to be the promise of cold, hard cash that gets you out of bed in the morning. Like Farming Simulator, ETS2 has a simple yet resonant economic sandbox at its centre.You start as a low-skilled, truckless lorry jockey, forced to take work from established haulage companies. Slowly (or rapidly if you go to a bank) you amass the funds to buy your first rig and rent your first yard. Then the fun really begins. Contract perusing, truck pimping, skill upgrading, driver hiring... this is Eddie Stobart: The Game in all but name.Spending 90 minutes ferrying a tank of propane from Sheffield to Prague could (should?) be tedious. The fact that it isn't is largely down to good-if-not-quite-OMSI-standard physics, and varied road layouts and scenery. Periods of smooth, almost soporific motorway motoring nestle between passages of edgier wheelwork. One minute you're cruising along contemplating the sunset over the central reservation, the next you're on a rain-lashed country road at night, waiting for the right moment to pass a painfully slow pantechnicon. Tiredness can't kill in ETS2, but it can leave you jack-knifed in a ditch, feeling awful with a substantial repair bill to pay.The only time when the game itself loses concentration is when attempting to evoke certain regions and sounds. The further you get from central Europe the less convincing the landscapes become. No one seems to have told SCS's countryside crafters that rural Britain features long green things called hedges. Cities are often depicted with the shortest of visual shorthand – a few warehouses, the odd landmark if you're lucky. Don't expect to see a favourite local roundabout, slip-road, or speed camera in this highly-recommended HGV-driver RPG."
,Recommended,227300,29266191,Posted: 14 January,all,nilwerdna,This game is really good if you just want to stare into a blank screen
,Recommended,227300,16726052,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Ñąťüřăãļ,"It's a very fun of a game, but if you don't have a steering wheel, sometimes parking and driving on the highways is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ It has a lot of community made mods and loads of dlc. If you have time and you are a bit more patient then it's a must have! Even if you are not going to play it for endless hours, get it when it's on sale or something."
76561198090350247,Recommended,227300,23254751,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,DeevoHub™,An Absolute Beauty of a simulator.
,Recommended,227300,19983820,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BoomerzDude,You drive a truck on the wrong side of the road for hours.Still liked it for some reason.
76561198315722865,Recommended,227300,35489764,Posted: 5 October,all,Nijaz CSGOATSE.COM CSGOWITCH.COM,Once of best simulation game. I playing that game too much. You wount loose your money if u buy this :D
76561198076035294,Recommended,227300,32618969,Posted: 21 June,all,crafty206,"Bought this game because it was recommended by a friend. Wasn't sure if I was going to like it at first because I am not a big 'truck enthusiast', however, I actually found this game very enjoyable to play. The management aspect and ability to build up your company profile is a key part of what makes this game good for me.This game has lovely scenery as you drive from location to location and the varying speed limits, legal driving side and other small aspects that change from country to country are impressive.I would recommend playing this game with a controller of some description, or if possible a wheel."
,Recommended,227300,33265581,Posted: 5 July,all,Lewiss,SUPER BELEA
76561198065374304,Recommended,227300,26917666,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Toughmime,If you need a game to listen to podcasts to this is your game.
,Recommended,227300,17383176,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Joshx43,They should add migrants at calais
,Recommended,227300,18738761,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Cristian,NICE GAME
,Recommended,227300,11047293,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dutchy,"I was driving, then I waited for the lights. Somebody can't going to an other way and I was half hour in traffic Jam.11/10 Would be in traffic jam again"
,Recommended,227300,35489227,Posted: 5 October,all,ZOLY,"Fun game to play when you just want to relax, listen to music when FPS games get boring."
,Recommended,227300,19696872,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,[FL:RP] Arch.B,So good amazing game. very realistic. Good with a steering wheel. AND NOT good with a shifter. (trying to get through 24 gears with a 6 gear gearbox is hard!
,Recommended,227300,19456223,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Nightmare,"In intersection i was going to right , and a truck saw me , no problem he goes in me and destroying my goods and when i finished the transport WELL NO MONEY CUZ THE TRUCK DESTROYED MY GOODS , BEST GAME 10/10 !"
76561198092946525,Recommended,227300,12253217,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,SlummyStick,It is pretty fantastic and a great time killer
,Recommended,227300,10716469,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,smiling man thumbs up,Trcuks!
,Recommended,227300,12322429,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Noodles,It's like Skyrim with trucks!
,Recommended,227300,13524218,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Nitro,A wonderful game for all of those who enjoy driving down a motorway for 2 hours!
,Recommended,227300,10981350,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,harpR4k,"Fun, repetitive, soothing."
,Recommended,227300,11966492,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,robert panero,honestly my favorite game
,Recommended,227300,17343912,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,shaggy,"Noice relaxing game to play, would be nice if they really gave us the truckers life e.g. snorting coke, murdering hookers but still a good game I guess"
,Recommended,227300,27429922,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[Linux] Nascher,Im Spiel lernt man das alltägliche Leben des LKW-Fahrers kennen ;-)
,Recommended,227300,16160189,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,PLaDZ,"A Fun Adictive Game, What more needs to be said?10/10 would give up a social life for again."
,Recommended,227300,18050214,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Electronic Supersonic Yogurt,"Pros : Everything in this game is a good thingCons : The only bad thing is that there is no bad thingsBULIGN : 10/10M8 R8er : 8/8Soony : 11/10Macorsoft : 10/8.1Me : 1000/10I recommend this game 100%, Buy it, it is amazing, the driving, overall feeling, the roads, the trucks, the real cities and land marks, i could go on for 010203040506070809 hours talking, but you should give it a try, Lily Greg got this game, she was not disappointed!!!"
,Recommended,227300,25425490,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,General Juma,love it
76561198024683025,Recommended,227300,25714939,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Panzer,"Turn your radio on, light up a cigarette..Drive through the dark passages, heavy rains..Welcome the sun on your way home.. Let your truck be your moving home, your diary..PS:Should I say how great this game is?"
,Recommended,227300,17028061,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Ja Kanskje Nei Kopp,good
,Recommended,227300,15009985,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,sweex´,"This is the best game I have ever played. I played lots of racing games but I always return to ETS2. The game is really awesome. Rarely would you find a game that looks and works great that won't break your budget. As the game matures, it just keeps getting better and better. I'm glad to supports the team behind ETS2.85%/100%Try multiplayer. :)"
,Recommended,227300,13434567,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,TaKumiGSR,I felt a sleep on the wheel and keyboard11/10
,Recommended,227300,12284732,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Holden La Peasant,"Great Game! Driving Physics are great, nice looking Environment, Mod-Friendly game, Always updating with great new features! if only they made an American Version of this game! 9 out of 10 for me"
76561198057524947,Recommended,227300,7958187,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,mohmmed ksa,good game
,Recommended,227300,19400998,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Juan,this is a gr8 game and i love it!
76561198113755989,Recommended,227300,9596128,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,ayy lmao,This Game is amazing high standard graphic!!
76561198156843148,Recommended,227300,18276953,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Mihnea CSGO.LUNETISTII.RO,Very Relaxing Game.Very good
,Recommended,227300,7382850,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Sevandres,"Euro Truck Simulator 2Quite simply the most polished time sink I've ever had my hands on.ETS2 will have you drive a truck across Europe, delivering varied cargo from point A to point B. Your reward will be experience to level your character up, as well as in-game currency. The amount of experience and currency you acquire is dependent on how good your driving is! Certainly a thing to practice.Speaking of practicing, this was the first game I had played when I got my G27 racing wheel. I love it, after the hour I spent trying to learn how to get it in first and not stall. With that aside and about 20 hours of driving with said wheel under my belt, I found driving in ETS2 very relaxing and therapeutic.The driving is rather realistic. It feels like you're actually driving a big, heavy, hard to stop truck. It will feel like you have to watch your mirrors more than you do your road, just to know where your trailer is going to be. Additionally, if you're using a G27, you have multiple options to shift the truck. You can drive it with an adaptive automatic transmission, Range-Manual, Splitter-Manual, or even Sequential! The level of detail to allow you to drive the truck in the way you want to is absolutely amazing in this game, and it's all done very well. You can also have an automatic retarder if your transmission allows, automatic exhaust brake, realistic fuel consumption, and air brake simulation to name most of what is available to you. Lastly, once you're on the road, your point of view in the cab will shift up and down as you go downhill, or uphill. You will hear your suspension working as you go over bumps. You'll even hear yourself grinding the gears if you're driving manual.One other impressive point in this game is its aesthetics. Watching a sunrise in the game is one of the most beautiful things you will see, and it will convince you why some people have put 200+ hours into the game. Additionally, with it's heavy mod support, you can enhance this games graphics to make your sunrises and even sunsets that much more beautiful.The game has variety, several license truck brands with 1 or 2 truck models to choose from. Not a whole lot, right? Well what makes up for it is the sheer amount of customization you have access to for these trucks. From the paint job to how many lights you have, to your axles and your engine, you can customize your truck how you want it! Additionally there are dozens upon dozens of trailers for you to tow, varying in lengths and sizes to keep you on your toes.So other than customizing a truck and leveling up, what is the purpose of this game? What's my motive? Aside from achieving inner peace, your goal is to also manage a trucking company. Hiring and managing drivers, buying your drivers their trucks, managing garages, essentially you want to expand a trucking empire across all of Europe, a feat, which I barely scratched the surface of.Is the game's map life size? No, it's scaled down, but rest assured it is big enough for you to be sitting for hours just to drive from one end to the other. Additionally the games time is not set to real time, you will see a few day-night cycles as you drive for, say an hour or so.What are the downsides to this game? The AI traffic can be questionable at times, but if you find yourself in a situation where you're stuck, simply saving the game and reloading it will load you back into the game with no traffic. Not exactly realistic. There's not a lot of variety in the landscapes either. Sure the towns are different here and there but you see it once, you've seen it all. No multi-player support short of third-party mod that are still in it's early stages of development.Should you buy it? Coming from a guy who has devoted over 400 hours (16 and a half days) of his life into this game, you should. The mod support is incredible and plentiful for you to get the experience from your trucking sim that you want. The experience if driving around in a truck in arguably the most polished simulator for that particular genre is too much to resist. Pick this game up, at least give it a try. You won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,227300,12660175,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,babyd,"Euro Truck Simulator on tšekkiläisen SCS Softwaren valmistama tietokonepeli, joka julkaistiin vuonna 2008. Peli on ajosimulaatio, jossa ajetaan rekka-autoa Euroopassa.Pelaajan tehtävänä on siirtää puoliperävaunuja eri kaupunkien välillä vaihtelevissa liikenneolosuhteissa. Useimmista simulaattoreista poiketen Euro Truck Simulator palkitsee liikennesääntöjen mukaisesta ajamisesta. Ylinopeudesta, kolareista ja väärään suuntaan tai punaisia päin ajamisesta saa sakkoja. Lisäksi liian lyhyellä turvavälillä ajettaessa edellä ajava saattaa tehdä yllättäen äkkijarrutuksen. Pelialueena toimii yksinkertaistettu ja tiivistetty kaupunkien ja moottoriteiden verkosto Lissabonista Varsovaan ja Roomasta Newcastleen.Independent European Transport Training Association EuroTra palkitsi SCS Softwaren pelistä vuonna 2008 turvallisuuspalkinnolla."
,Recommended,227300,14700667,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,CANUX,Euro Truck Simulatour 2 is a fantastic game. The game lets you build up a trucking empire and exploring the corners of europe.Starting of with a small old rundown garage to having garages all over europe.I have to admit when a freind told me about it i thought to myself why would you ever want to play a game like this when a sale rolled around I bought the game and for some reason I find it really enjoyable.The best part about ETS2 is the community and mod support sure theres hundreds of hours of content in the base game but with the addition of mods it makes the game so much better. Like the multiplayer mod for example probably the most popuar ETS2 mod ever lets you truck with people from all across the world in the same huge enviroment thats in the base game. Now with the addition of the steam workshop it makes modding easier than ever before.If you like driving games try this game out has fantastic controller and wheel support and is a joy to play.
,Recommended,227300,25022697,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Réy,"Went for a job with 4k. Finishes the job with 0$ 10 court cases, suspect of murder, and all that to get 2k. 10/10 would tackle the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that tried to get in front of me again."
,Recommended,227300,12496488,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,iamdefaltmx™,"Do you think that trucks are boring... you don't have a taste of Euro Truck Simulator 2 yet, as you can drive around Europe and U.K. Also with new features coming soon, this is a AWESOME game. I recommend it!"
,Recommended,227300,8990313,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Frosty,"Who doesn't like driving trucks? I mean, What else are you going to play for 20+hrs Straight?"
,Recommended,227300,7470102,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,KoKo,"This is the ubby, this is the BEST simulator, this is the BEST truck game, THIS is the best of his kind. THIS game is for you, don't let other say to you that is a stupid game. You will regret not buying it. Still having some money? Buy a WHEEL, i promess you, this game with a wheel, you will never play again with a keyboard or a Joystick. This game is updating REGULARY. New content, new stuff, new trucks... NEW GAMES! (like Americain Truck Simulator!! ;) ) So why are you waiting to buy this awesome game? BUY IT ! You will not regret your buying. ;)Graphics : 8,5 / 10Sounds   : 9    /  10Gameplay : 7,5 / 10Content   : 8    / 10Quality     : 10 / 10TOTAL     : 8,6 OUT OF 10 !"
,Recommended,227300,7810525,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,CammyDizzler,Like driving virtual trucks around Europe delivering cheese? Then this is the game for you!
,Recommended,227300,7828167,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,medic,magical
,Recommended,227300,10829716,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,fieldy,"100% Recommend, 11/10 would bang."
,Recommended,227300,25747418,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Vladimir Putin,"Best ruski truck simulator, I enjoy veri much. 100% recomend ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198078126200,Recommended,227300,19183171,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Can,"A great way to relax... I strongly recommend map extension packs, they do worth every single penny. If you're running a dual monitor setup, try playing with VirtuaGirls on second screen. :) Awesome fun!"
76561198238974290,Recommended,227300,19406397,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,xXDemon_SpawnXx,Decent game
,Recommended,227300,17018783,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,[FRG] CopperTail the Fox ツ,Top Truck-Simulator...Würde mich auf einen 3. Teil freuen
,Recommended,227300,19975714,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,husiyin,"TIR SURUYORUM TAKLA ATIYOR,GEZEYIM DIYORUM TAKLA ATIYOR,OYUNDAN CIKAYIM DIYORUM TAKLA ATIYOR BENCE GUZEL 32/56"
,Recommended,227300,8630453,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,MANS,WHY IS THIS GAME SO FUN??!!??!!!!!!1!!!
,Recommended,227300,24188111,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mr.Crowley,Durduk yerde önüne kıran yol blocklayan orospu çocugu ruslardan oyun oynanmıyor almayın aq
76561198168823269,Recommended,227300,29427650,Posted: 22 January,all,micheal micheal,nice game
,Recommended,227300,29169919,Posted: 10 January,all,ZygisRage,Veri nois geim. Rekomend.
,Recommended,227300,14116902,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Fortent,"It looks amazing on my gaming pc (ultra settings). The lighting, physics, gameplay, different trucks, and everything else about this game are really good.The campaign is really fun too. You get to run a big business (even though the profits are unrealistic, it doesn't matter because that makes it fun). If you're looking for a good truck simulator, then I definitely recommend getting this."
,Recommended,227300,13677704,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Freerider-Dave,"Incredibly addictive game. I found that out after I realised I played 28 hours in two days :O Anyway I have always been aware of SCS games and played Hard Truck and 18WOS back in the day and the other ""simulators"" (UK,GER,ETS1). They were ok but lacked somthing in my opinion. SCS have really nailed it with ETS2 by bringing the managment side into the game. I very much like transport managment and driving games and this combines the two. SCS have announced American Truck Simulator, I hope they keep the managment mode and build on it. Maybe more in depth managment, maybe competiors? With the release of WOT Alpha maybe they can add a multiplayer aspect where your freinds can join your company as drivers vise versa. That would be incredible.Another great feature is the internet radio built in. Listen to live music from across Europe :DAnyway fantastic game. Im going back to do some more miles while listning to Radio Metal FR \m/Addtion, Mods are fantastic additions to the game but money mod and xp mod users are lame! Play properly!"
,Recommended,227300,13083716,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Je Suis le Duck,"You drive, trucks....and cargo...... across Europe. 10/10It's a great game if you're into simulators."
,Recommended,227300,28893551,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,IDKHTP,"Recommended for players who want to relax after a day at work/ after playing FPS and want to relax, Vehicles are realistic"
,Recommended,227300,32006058,Posted: 27 May,all,Galileu,"Maneiro, mas não rodou direito no meu pc :/"
,Recommended,227300,32678718,Posted: 23 June,all,maseukoda,"You can jechać tir very szybko, but when you zajebiesz igor he will rage"
,Recommended,227300,28931460,Posted: 1 January,all,Zebra,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a intresting game there are several pros and cons and also your intrest in differnt games changes if you would like Euro Truck Simulator 2.Pros:1) Euro Truck Simulator is a relaxing game and is a amazing time passer, and is a great way to just let your self go and enjoy the game.2) Euro Truck Simulator has amazing scenary and looks amazing, also if you have dlc such as the Scandinavia or Vive la France witch adds several new cities, harbours cargo and trucks.3) Euro Truck Simulator is a fun game to play with freinds even if you dont have mods such as Truckers MP if you are in a skype or teamspeak call that allows you to talk and you and your freind take the same path is really fun from both points of veiws (on Truckers MP and in SingleplayerCons:1) Euro Truck Simulator can be a quite frustrating game at some times with things such as parking witch is insanly difficult to learn and getting caught on signs and sidewalks sometimes but this wont happen if you drive carefully.2) The AI can sometimes be dumb ie they drive infront of you and also the speeding limit can change rapidly can their can be a speed camara giving you a fine  of $550 and in early game these can add up quickly when you're trying to buy your first truck.Overall i would give Euro Truck Simulator 2 a 8/10 mainly because of how much I expected it to be a mediocre game that i would only ever play once or twice  but once i played it i realised how amazing it was. I would strongly recommend buying this game if you think you would like it or if you think you might and want to try it."
,Recommended,227300,26132679,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Link,Euro truck Simulator 2 is the greatest past time i have ever experienced and will continue experiencing.9/10
,Recommended,227300,13025241,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Alice,Deliver apples and yogurt all across Europe.Drive on the wrong side of the road to save time.
,Recommended,227300,28974854,Posted: 3 January,all,Junta,"A very relaxing time-sinker with pretty vistas and with the amount and quality of graphics/traffic/area mods it's only better.Do install some income multiplier mods to decrease grinding, but after you get several garages up and running it's fine as it is."
,Recommended,227300,31554015,Posted: 4 May,all,Aleks | hellcase.com,nice game
,Recommended,227300,11215092,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,WHERE IS THE SALT,10/10 would bang
76561198229978712,Recommended,227300,33533650,Posted: 14 July,all,HellasFighter_,ama den upirxan h Techitserious den tha agoraze kanenas afto to paixnidi na kserete!
,Recommended,227300,32894768,Posted: 27 June,all,UDegani,"good game, much better with mods"
,Recommended,227300,12504345,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dat Chrizma,Like Skyrim with trucks.
,Recommended,227300,12517669,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Gnome,"Crashed into a car,  90% damage. Crashed into a barrier, 0 damage.11/10Otherwise, you will spend hours, and hours of your valuable time here on earth driving around random shipments in an economy that does absolutely nothing. You will love every second of it."
,Recommended,227300,33203165,Posted: 3 July,all,Andrius.JPEG,This game is a real life rip off. Ant it's pretty accurate. 11/10 bananas and 8/10 Škodas
,Recommended,227300,30163211,Posted: 25 February,all,Pacančikcsgo64.com,Good
,Recommended,227300,16493900,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mesky,Suprisingly addicting and relaxing.
76561198200261937,Recommended,227300,31456864,Posted: 29 April,all,Jon Snow,"It is very nice,at first a little bit to play,but it is nice"
,Recommended,227300,723599,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Galaga Galaxian,"For a while I scoffed at this game. ""Why in the world would you want to drive a big rig through Europe?"" I thought to myself, and I say that as a guy who once loved spending whole weekends playing Silent Hunter III on full realism (with extra mods for more realism!).Then, after reading the thread on Something Awful a few times, I decided to buy it for myself on a lark. Well, let me tell you, I would NOT call this game ""ear to ear silly grin"" fun.It is, however, INCREADIBLY RELAXING. There is just something so ""chill"" about driving down the German autobahn with 18 tons of ice cream bound for France listening to Disco playing on a radio station in Geneva, Switzerland (KTFM Geneva, look it up!)In fact, the built in internet radio is one of the best things about this game. It comes with 190+ radio stations and you can add your own by editing the file (I added a variety of BBC stations). The game is also pretty damn modable, I've not only made a custom skin for my truck, but fixed a fuel tank error (it had twice the fuel capacity it was supposed to) and replaced the horn sound with something meatier from another truck. I've also downloaded mods by other people that put real-world company liveries on the trailers, fix various minor things, and make the rain sound nicer. There are even whole trucks you can mod into the game, in case you feel like taking a Peterbilt or Kenworth to Europe.Anyways, its a surprisingly good game to play. There is a demo, I'd suggest giving it a shot! As one of my friends said ""[Euro Truck Sim 2 is] the most fun you can have while driving responsibly."""
,Recommended,227300,13626039,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,InventingKing,"Some guy hit my cargo with his car,I was forced to pay the fine.Best fancy trucker simulator ever."
,Recommended,227300,8415716,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,kebabenful,Ju drajv truk itt iss gud itt iss best gejm ävur!!!!!!!!!1
,Recommended,227300,26432685,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,LastPunisher,Best game
,Recommended,227300,13142901,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Smelty,How can any not like this game? this game is da dish... buy it... now...  did you get it yet?  How bout now?
,Recommended,227300,10515181,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Gaming_Thipje,"As I have played Euro Truck Simulator 1 (retail edition) for ages, this review might be a little unfair, because I am likely to upvote this quicker than the average other player. At least it feels like that.With over a hundred hours in this game, I can say that this game is absolutely amazing, the physics work well, but they are far from realistic (like the SpinTires realism), but hey, they work for what this game is made for, and that's driving. A LOT of driving.Now a short list of what I think is good and bad about the game:+ Good driving physics.+ Large amounts of core customization available (extendable with mods).+ Easy to install mods.+ Custom radio/music player (you can link to a webpage player as well).+ Good looking. The trucks look very detailed and the world feels more alive than in most other sims.+ Easy to understand, there's only a 2KM drive tutorial to show you everything you need to know about the game.+ Active developer team.- The AI tends to glitch out sometimes (the developers are working on this).- AI trucks don't have the same physics as you do, so AI trucks pull up way quicker from a traffic light than you do, even if you are maxed out or using an engine mod.- BIG and old looking user interface, it becomes annoyingly big if you are on a screen smaller than 21"".- (Some) overpriced DLC. Asking 1.99 EUR for just 5 - 10 new skins/skin patterns seems a little bit too expensive to me.I would definitly recommend this game to anyone who is interested in simulators or just a fun game, but keep in mind that you are going to drive the same routes over and over and over and over and over again, but for me, the fun kept on going!Keep on Truckin' !Sidenote: I would highly suggest getting the expansion DLCs for this game."
76561198154054358,Recommended,227300,20568842,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,[S.PLH] зто~Ыаzегiпо~каррагiпо~,"This has to be one of the most fun-loving, enjoyable games I've played! Almost 900 hours and still not bored, SP Mods like Promods as well as the Multiplayer Mod significantly make this game much more enjoyable. GG SCS 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,13145287,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Bacon Brad,This is the weirdest Grand Theft Auto I have ever played.
,Recommended,227300,33808496,Posted: 26 July,all,P4PR!K4,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 : Great game with very nice graphics , roads are good and feel like real . Its really cool game if you wanna chill and just drive or listen to a radio ! Im rating this gane 9/10Euro Truck Simulator Multiplayer : What can i say , just uninstalled , if you wanna play ETS2 play it but never play multiplayer , ur going 32 hours or less trips and at the end some idiot block you or ran into you for no reason , its like dota too many russians or turks that cant drive ... Ur trying to get some money but unfortunatelly it will not work bcz repair value is too much and other players keep hitting you. Multiplayer 2/10."
,Recommended,227300,32623823,Posted: 21 June,all,✪ malinka マックス ✪,"Great game! I am not a particularly big Simmer, and I don't play many driving games, but this game truly has something for everyone. You can ride around at 150 on the motorway crashing into russians in multiplayer, or you can buckle down and build a trucking empire! If you are thinking about this game and it is on sale, I highly recommend that you get it. Great fun both to relax and chill on and to have an authentic SImming experience."
76561198387155067,Recommended,227300,31717212,Posted: 12 May,all,Fabby hellcase.com,Great Truck Simulator Game!
,Recommended,227300,34008257,Posted: 3 August,all,MR PANDA,Great game... community workshop makes it the game experience better but wish that dlc's were cheaper
,Recommended,227300,32821383,Posted: 26 June,all,tom rocks 95,">Playing ETS2 at 2am>Driving from Torino to Munich>Tired as ♥♥♥♥ in real life but just slept IG>Going 90 in an 80 zone>Sharp turn coming up, better slow down>Body says ♥♥♥♥ it, just fall asleep>End up flipping truck and bringing 10k Euros of damage to the 16 tons of cheese I was transporting10/10 would flip again"
,Recommended,227300,11071648,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,V3N0M,"For a truck simulator, it's a great truck simulatorAs a game, it's not a brilliant game"
,Recommended,227300,8363665,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Muir,"Be a truck driver and drive your way across Europe!This game starts you out as a contract driver. You take on jobs hauling freight from one city to another, driving different trucks owned by various companies. Eventually, you'll save up enough money to buy your own truck and, if you so wish, hire your own drivers to make your company grow.ETS2 is a very relaxing game and it's very easy to learn the basics. The graphics are quite realistic, which is something you want in a game like this as it helps with immersion. The game can also be played as simply or as detailed as you want. For example, when you reach your destination, you can choose to off load the freight easily by pulling into the company lot and pressing ""Enter"" or you can up the challenge by properly backing the trailer into the loading bay.Each job done gives you experience, which eventually causes you to level up. When you level up you get to choose a perk - very similar to RPGs. The higher your level, the better the jobs pay."
,Recommended,227300,13997936,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,des,Best truck sim on the market
76561198002461925,Recommended,227300,9720359,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Porkibus,"Much better than I thought it might be!30 hours in and this sim is addictive! I'm a professional driver by trade and I play this after the ""real thing"".Highly reccomend Promods!"
76561198068622340,Recommended,227300,8201379,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,The Gilded Weasel,Great game
76561198099224979,Recommended,227300,8935915,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,♔PH_NillyChipples♔,"BRILLIANT SIM GAME, I rate it a plus up:)"
,Recommended,227300,15733023,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,DangerMuffu,++++++++++++
76561198011531523,Recommended,227300,31755219,Posted: 14 May,all,Darren,Good
,Recommended,227300,11455327,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,NothingIsTrue,The most relaxing driving simulator experience you will ever have. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,14197988,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Draconis,"The whole game's just doing repetitive fetchquests.But it was like, less boring than Skyrim.11/10 - would fetchquest again"
,Recommended,227300,16482335,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lunar Drift,"Played game for 2.5 hours,  already €30'000 in debt due to how many repairs I had to make to my truck and still need to pay off €100'000 loan for said truck that can't get past 90km/h. (55mph)"
,Recommended,227300,8263643,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mikurochka,Do you like trucks? If not - go away from these beauties.
76561198040165688,Recommended,227300,8184801,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,GKTempest,What's better than trucks?
,Recommended,227300,9677164,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,brewmaster44,"Cant get enough of this game, well worth the price. Would be nice if they had more trailers then the same group over and over. Change the look a bit."
,Recommended,227300,33530908,Posted: 14 July,all,Philip Verwey,"Awesome ""game"". Played a pirate version for a while to make sure I like it and now went legal!!!Money well spent, as I just love it - so real that I get the same sensations during an accident as I had when I smashed my real-life car."
,Recommended,227300,31433129,Posted: 28 April,all,Rocky | GW na stranici u toku,"If you see this game on discount/sale, do not hesitate to buy it!"
,Recommended,227300,17171814,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Alexander ®,Lagg and lagg !
,Recommended,227300,13533964,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Rrrr,There is a trucker in all of us.
,Recommended,227300,9773637,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Haych.,"Euro Truck SImulator 2 is a simulator done right. It has stunning graphics whilst still being able to run like a dream, and because it doesn't have a year attached to it SCS are adding more content all the time. It sounds ""boring"" at first, and to be honest I don't know why, but it'd incredibly fun and you can play for ages!Whilst playable with keyboard or even a controller, it is definitly better with a wheel. Infact it works FANTASTIC with one.The game is definitly worth a buy, and if you're unsure play the demo."
,Recommended,227300,23833215,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,CHRIS,Very Nice game Nice trucks and good trailers
76561198060132728,Recommended,227300,34357255,Posted: 19 August,all,yoblaro,great game for muslims
,Recommended,227300,25596952,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Dipsky,Took a job from UK to German..Enjoyed at the beginning of the trip..Trying to stay awake in the middle of France..Turned on EDM Music.. Got to German safely..10/10
,Recommended,227300,32012729,Posted: 27 May,all,Konata Izumi,It's okay.
,Recommended,227300,7913721,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Doppie,"See that mountain, you can't climb it.But what you can do is run over people and deliver used needles and other drugs to different companies.As you do these tasks you go up in level and are able to transport more goods to other cities far away.While on the road you will encounter many different obstacles such as people just stopping in the middle of the highway to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off or the endless tickets you get for driving too fast.These ""problems"" are minor since the payment is good enough to make anyone happy.This is until you realise you need at least 480k to start your very own company with a decent income.Now is when you take loans from loan sharks ( The Bank ) which will put you in debt and if you don't pay back in time they will send you hate mail and threaten you to ruin your life forever!You can also pimp your Truck.I Recommend this game for the low price of 5 Euro/Dollars/Whatever, unfortunately this is not the case as the price for this game is currently 19,99 Euro/Dollars/Whatever. Aka wait for a steam sale."
,Recommended,227300,19462778,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,State Jakob,When is the Calais Syrian refugee DLC coming out?
,Recommended,227300,24880302,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ZdravkoHNB,This is game  a very good
,Recommended,227300,14384880,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Trophium,"If you're looking for a driving / simulator game to play with your logitech G27, this game is just for you!The game is singleplayer, but there's a multiplayer mod available."
,Recommended,227300,11456158,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Art,Honk-honk!
76561198191619514,Recommended,227300,33135147,Posted: 2 July,all,slavsan93,"Very nice game by SCS. I spend hours and hours just driving around delivering cargos. Unlocked everything long time ago, still ain't tired of it! Huge game world, especially with map mods."
,Recommended,227300,25597580,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Ｎｏｓｔａｌｇｉｃ,This game just prove that i'm a dangerous driver.
,Recommended,227300,23561370,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,(WolfRed)Tank2506,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is all about living the dream that is professional trucking. The game even tells you as you begin that this is your dream job -- and who are you to argue? Armed with little more than enthusiasm, players begin their adventure humbly -- with a decrepit little garage in the home city of their choice, and a company with no trucks to its name.The player begins by taking jobs for other companies, earning money with fuss-free escorts from one city to another, with an eye toward earning enough cash and purchasing a truck. An owned truck means more freedom, with higher-paying jobs that require more responsibility. When working directly for the player company, cargo is waiting at a select shipping yard and must be hitched to the truck before it can be taken to its ultimate destination. The next step from there is to start upgrading the garage, hiring other drivers to bring in more income, and eventually building a trucking empire that spans all of Europe.The deeper you go, the more there is to do. Want to expand quickly? You can take out loans that need to be repaid. Want specialized drivers? They each level up the same way you do, and you can dictate the way they do. Of course, you also have to be mindful of expenses, be they repayments to the bank or fuel consumption by employees looking for work. There are a lot of ducks to get in a row, but the interface is user-friendly and information is constantly provided so nothing ever feels insurmountable.More than simply a game about driving, Euro Truck Sim 2 boasts some roleplaying elements to keep things interesting. Successful jobs earn experience, which leads to skill points. Skill points can be spent upgrading one's proficiency in certain types of jobs, unlocking new types of cargo, or even investing in fuel efficiency. Improving personal abilities and building a business from one lone driver to an entire fleet is just as important as getting from A to B, and maintains a compelling grip on the experience.That said, driving trucks in as realistic a fashion as possible is the bread and butter of any trucking sim, and Euro Truck will have fans covered. Offering a huge map spanning the length and breadth of Europe, there's plenty of time to be spent on the open road, and lots of distance to cover. Although you won't be undertaking journeys in real-time, a decent paying job is still quite the investment. I often found myself able to only play one job at a time, rather than stay glued to the screen all night long. As outwardly mundane as the experience may appear, it's a time sink that can prove a mental drain, and is best played with breaks in between.There are a variety of controls and settings allowing for significant flexibility in terms of personal comfort. You can choose how complex your controls are, with automatic settings for those rocking the trusty keyboard, and more involved ones for those wanting to go the whole hog and set up a wheel. Whatever your available input, Euro Truck does a great job of covering you and ensuring you get into the game easily enough.Accessibility is, in fact, one of its strongest suites. A solid tutorial guides newcomers, and the essential GPS is easy to understand, as is its clear and simple route map. My first job was an absolute disaster, with me getting the trailer stuck a number of times, managing to tip the vehicle over, and even getting so boxed in I had to call for emergency rescue. After my embarrassing first run, however, I quickly found myself getting the hang of things, and was soon bold enough to trek across whole countries in my quest for freight and fortune.A lot of Euro Truck's experience is, expectedly, rooted in routine, but complacency manages to be quite a dastardly foe. Traffic lights, speed cameras, and the ever-present need to keep one's eyes on the road can always trip up an overconfident player, and as relaxing as long country drives may be, the pressure to avoid mistakes is present throughout. It's very easy to start getting too ♥♥♥♥♥ure, speeding along a motorway without regard to other drivers and strict speed limits. Every mistake translates into a financial penalty, damaged cargo reduces the payday, and dings suffered by an owned truck will have to be paid for at service stations.When a mistake occurs, it's almost always the player's fault, but there are some moments where the computer-controlled road users compound an issue. Seemingly programmed to only ever drive forward, other vehicles have a nasty habit of doing nothing to avoid their part in a collision, and if you're ever trying to steer your way out of a tight spot, you'll get no help from other cars, willing as they are to close any gap in the road, no matter how minute, even if you were backing up to create the space they just filled. Should you manage to hit them, drivers have a nasty habit of refusing to move thereafter, sometimes causing you to suffer a second collision fine for smacking them again as you drive through them.These frustrations inevitably pop up, but they're few and far between, and experienced drivers will be able to avoid many of the pitfalls that lead to such trouble. Despite the occasional irritation and the pressure to perform jobs well, Euro Truck Sim is still a largely cathartic experience. There's a therapy to be had in driving through a variety of countries, a sense of joy as you get closer to your destination, and a sense of accomplishment in performing such mundane tasks as refueling at gas stations and finding parking stops at which to grab some sleep. As you build your business up from nothing and take on more of managerial duties, it's hard not to feel pride over rewards well earned.Although not the most visually advanced game, Euro Truck's believable presentation of Europe's roads and cities are nonetheless impressive. From the shape of the traffic lights to the atmosphere of the backdrops, there's a sense of individuality to each new territory you uncover, and the trucks themselves are lovingly recreated with an intricate level of detail. Owned trucks can be repainted and upgraded with all manner of parts, and as the player levels up, the potential for personalization expands.Perhaps the most fun aspect of Euro Truck Sim 2, however, comes in the form of its music. With the simple tap of the ""R"" key, you can open up a menu packed with European Internet radio streams providing a wide variety of tunes. Whether you want some top forty hits or obscure French '80s tunes, you'll be able to find something worth digging. Being able to complete my deliveries with some Peter Gabriel's blasting through the speakers bumps up the enjoyment tenfold. There's also the option to queue up music from one's own PC, for those who don't wish to leave their aural stimulation to chance.Euro Truck Simulator 2's following is well earned. It's not just a tongue-in-cheek dalliance, but an understandable dedication won by a game genuinely terrific at what it does. Being a simulator, there are inevitable parts of it that feel slow, and sometimes progression can be a bit of a drag, but it nevertheless manages to be an approachable sim with a smart implementation of more familiar ""game-like"" elements. A far cry from some of the more technical and unforgiving sims on the market, Euro Truck is as welcoming as it is authentic, forgiving while still prepared to reprimand those who fail. It's one of the best jumping points anybody curious about sims could have, and for everybody else, it's still just a fine experience in its own right.ETS2 overall is a very good game."
76561198250922600,Recommended,227300,20975612,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,flared,No migrants to run over in Calaisroadkill/10
,Recommended,227300,14330676,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,TomZeBomb,"The simulation game all simulation games strive for. The game is boring, but addicting and exciting at times. This reminds me of those crappy Facebook games where you level up stuff and build an empire...of trucks. Trucks are nice looking, trailers are nice, and there is even live radio from Europe to listen to.Bad thing is that the AI cars are stupid...like in real life. Some of the cars are way too polite, and I end up getting stuck at an intersection. Also, speeds posted on the Nav are different than the speed limit is in some places. For example, the 2 motorway crossings at Rotterdam, Netherlands list the speed as 50 mph, when it's actually 31 mph.This game also has a ton of mods, ranging from different trucks, different cargos, map extensions to places like Northern Africa, and various reskins. Just a word of advice, when using mods, you are at your own risk for the game not working, so get a program like WinZip and zip up your save files before playing a mod. Some mods also have a ReadMe file, so read those too. Also, every time the game updates, you need to download a new version of the mod to keep up with the version of the game. If you wern't going to get into mods, download the Multiplayer Mod. It's tons of fun driving with other people in the world...except when your ping gets high and you are kicked.Overall, fantastic game. Wait a little bit more until the Scandinavia DLC comes out, and get a discounted bundle with this game and 2 pieces of DLC: Scandinavia and Going East!, which includes Poland, Czech Republic, and Romania, which I recommend. At the time of this review, Scandinavia hasn't come out yet, but very soon it will."
,Recommended,227300,31965926,Posted: 25 May,all,Vox,is good
,Recommended,227300,25632465,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,BOT Luna,"Fantastic driving game, super niche just driving and listening to music. But then you're distracted, so r1p.11/10 would hit several more vehicles again without giving 2 ♥♥♥♥s."
76561198158395906,Recommended,227300,17019249,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,favrP9# csgoice.com,I LIKE THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥AHAHAH
,Recommended,227300,33475003,Posted: 12 July,all,KINGZZOFDARK,NICE SIMULATOR TRUCK GAME EVER
,Recommended,227300,17810319,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Yennefer,One of the most relaxing games out there. Just grab a controller and chill.
,Recommended,227300,25326474,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dark,gg
76561198035958512,Recommended,227300,17662895,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,[RPPK]  hankberube,Great game if you like driving game. when i frist bought this game i got the demo and played it and liked it. and i bought it. the game does not get borning at all.
76561198011984060,Recommended,227300,15467504,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,man eating fruit salad,"If you're on the fence about this game, ask yourself one question""If i could drive all day, Would I find it fun?""If yes, this is the game for you. This is a very low stress, relaxing game. Something good for unwinding."
,Recommended,227300,7833078,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,webb-o,Possibly the greatest game of our generation.
,Recommended,227300,20326103,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,FC-COO | The Imaginative Lad,"Easily one of the best games on my Steam account. I mainly play the multiplayer mod, TruckersMP, and work as an IGA there.Graphics are nice, gameplay is nice and the developers still care about the game. DLC's are regulary released, usually paintjobs but a few times a year a map DLC is released.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,227300,13506586,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Perhosveitsi,1.Buy the game2.Get money to buy your own truck3.Buy scania with a V84.Come many times in your pants5.Repeat step 4 everytime you touch the gas10/10 game
,Recommended,227300,35333969,Posted: 30 September,all,Casian,is a very nice game
,Recommended,227300,12327696,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Tidreit,"Ever wondered what it was like to drive a truck that was simulating? well this game you wouldn't be disappointed in, it has all the rules to driving in the real world, and on top it's a very much fun game to play. recommended!"
,Recommended,227300,32421682,Posted: 14 June,all,Great Hero J,"You'd think a game about just driving a truck around for hours would be pretty boring, but actually, there's something strangely soothing about ETS2 that I can't put my finger on. The sound of your rig cruising along the European countryside, the vistas, the salaries from shipping goods on time, and the general freedom of the game are very nice. I would suggest give this game a try when on sale. It may not be foreveryone, but hey, they won a Steam award so I guess these people are on to something."
76561198066003873,Recommended,227300,13769758,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mwoooaahhh,"The best truck simulator out right now. What makes this game a thousand times better, is the workshop support. There are so many mods to enhance your experience in Euro Truck Simulator 2. Like the multilplayer mod that lets you play with people around the world and your friends!I would highly recommend this game to anyone who loves big trucks, hauling and sims."
,Recommended,227300,15043667,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,i drink the tap water,"If you're looking for action and super-fast driving skills, you're looking at the wrong game. You gotta make sure you meet deadlines, follow traffic guidelines for a better trucker,GET TO SLEEP IF YOU DRIVE LONG ROUTES, and most importantly don't ♥♥♥♥ing knock your cargo around. Go at a steady pace and don't lose all the bonuses they're offering you.Otherwise, it's a pretty calm game."
,Recommended,227300,16505213,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dhr. Bernard,Like Call of duty but with trucks 10/10
,Recommended,227300,19963072,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Eeeeeeevgenia,Very good my Friend xD
,Recommended,227300,32734390,Posted: 24 June,all,Baratako,"A game that is constantly updated, and each update moves you closer to realism.Its multiplayer component mod, Trucker's MP, is also one of the best multiplayer game modifications of all times.If you like trucks, trucking or the concept and/or physics of trailers and/or trucks, this game is, no doubt, definitely for you."
,Recommended,227300,29415424,Posted: 21 January,all,kcline,"I love to drive.  I love this game.  I hate back in parking.  I hate back in parking in this game... especially with a big ole trailer hooked up to your rig.But it's a great driving sim.  Once you get the hang of the controls you'll be having fun driving through Europe.  Just pay attention to traffic lights, sloppy left hand turns or you'll end up with tickets.  Keep your tank filled up because towing is expensive and you are busy trying to build a trucking empire, not keep the tow truck drivers in business.While the parking with a trailer feature is annoyingly realistic, there is a feature that let's you skip that part which gives you more time to crack open a cold one and toast to yourself delivering that cargo on time.Also, like in real life... rest up whenever you can.  No load is worth a snooze while the wheels are rolling over the road.TLDR: Fun. Sim. Zen. Casual. Parking is a beotch."
,Recommended,227300,10085424,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Raul,Grafică : 9/10Multiplayer : 10/10SinglePlayer : 10/10
76561198136588651,Recommended,227300,34809923,Posted: 8 September,all,Vitas csgoroll.com hellcase.com,BEST GAME!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,8796987,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,awakenedheathen,great game. its relaxing and immersive. great that you can use real world radio too!
,Recommended,227300,28105837,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,I04N,It`s a good game on truckers.The drivers game
,Recommended,227300,10348831,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,älgN =DD,the best euro truck game and simultator buy it and have fun :)
,Recommended,227300,12320814,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,benis,like csgo with trucks
,Recommended,227300,24081201,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ca,better than need for speed
,Recommended,227300,20163560,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,C Jay,"A very good simulator , but makes too many updates to mp"
,Recommended,227300,23932995,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,liew,inaccurate wtf says the uk is in the eu smh
76561198169225565,Recommended,227300,31715631,Posted: 12 May,all,ElectricInfernoSparks,Love this game XD
,Recommended,227300,32971163,Posted: 28 June,all,ENGLAND,"great game ,drove around in my country 10/10"
76561198301203639,Recommended,227300,31712846,Posted: 12 May,all,Minisablab,pros--------Carsyou can driveeeMe me big boycon-----no racessyeetActually this game is the best simulator I've ever played. The mechanics can be difficult at times but it's all fun and games. I recommend this 100 and one percent for anyone who is looking for a game to play when bored. The AI gets wonky sometimes but it can't be all perfect.
,Recommended,227300,15301366,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,sbV | tazdied.,THE BEST game in history..
,Recommended,227300,33203989,Posted: 3 July,all,Omepraxol,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561198304695565,Recommended,227300,31765866,Posted: 15 May,all,Call me' Ibrahim,rsg
,Recommended,227300,10614501,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Wally,"A chilling vision of what Hitler's Europe would have been, had his terrifying ambition been realized."
,Recommended,227300,28115260,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ZoOmiE,It's a really nice game ;)
76561198340150243,Recommended,227300,32009077,Posted: 27 May,all,LaraM,Best Simulator game evermade !
,Recommended,227300,19325214,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ᴢᴏʟᴏꜰᴛᴏ,Best traffic simulator 2015.
76561198071421958,Recommended,227300,15958205,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,eternal jape,"Best simulator to date.It's literally the best trucking simulator out there, It's a legit trucking game, and it doesn't require that much PC specs.So relaxing, I can see my time going hours and hours on this."
,Recommended,227300,14473935,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Seabass (The Human),Drive across Europe. Flip your truck.Truck Flip Simulator 2.10/10 Would die in a horrible wreck again.
,Recommended,227300,25746108,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,xBroleh,"Bought this game to drift some trucks, find out you cant drift trucks..."
76561198069878595,Recommended,227300,9753956,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Thored1,The best simulator ever
76561198117977658,Recommended,227300,19200883,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,|WøR| 5H4D33N,"Macht irrsinnig Laune so eine Maschine mit jede Menge PS unter dem Sattel zu fahren und mein eigenes Imperium aufzubauen. Die Frachtrouten sind auch wirklich gut gewählt, sodaß mir eine Fahrtstrecke nicht zu lange vorkommt, es sei denn ich habe diese bewusst so gewählt um endlich auch die letzte Stadt erschlossen zu haben.Von den Frachten her ist wirklich alles mit dabei, von harmlosen Containern über Silos bis zu Klimaanlagen, wenn der entsprechende DLC vorhanden ist.Einzig die KI scheint ständig zu wechseln, mal lassen sie mich raus, wenn ich rechtzeitig geblinkt habe und mal ignorieren die mich total sodaß ich im letzten Moment noch die Abzweigung nehmen kann um mich nicht zu verfahren.Die Darstellung der Brummis ist auch total beeindruckend, sodaß ich immer wieder Schwierigkeiten habe mich zu entscheiden, welchen LKW ich denn gerne fahren möchte."
,Recommended,227300,9390048,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Bebop,DRIVE TRUCKS AROUNDRUN ♥♥♥♥♥S OFF THE ROADGOTTA MAKE THAT DELIVERYSTART A BRAND NEW BUSINESS
,Recommended,227300,8559457,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,⎛⎞﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽ ﷽,wow.such truck.much fun.very simulator.
,Recommended,227300,28895846,Posted: 1 January,all,[FB] Frosty,"-Bought as a joke-Played as a joke-Fell in love-No longer a joke, it is true love11/10 like skyrim trilogy with trucks"
,Recommended,227300,24717663,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Erno Cor,Cons:Cost more than an euroPros:TRUCKING GREATMAN/SCANIA
,Recommended,227300,14893774,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Corporate Psychopath,No joke; best bloody game I own on here. And I own a lot.
,Recommended,227300,22977922,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Brixed,Very nice this game xD.
,Recommended,227300,16517648,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,(Maxx),"I like realistic/simulator racing games. Little did I know that this game was so incredibly realistic, my friends and I would mock this game and call it boring. that changed. I bought myself and my friend a copy and we love it. If you're skeptical about buying, I would wait for a sale but if you have the money, get it now. *edit* THIS GAME IS OVERALL 7.5/10 BECAUSE THERE ARE NO DRIVABLE CARS, ONLY TRUCKS. DON'T BUY IF YOU WANT A CAR DRIVING GAME. (There are mods, though)"
,Recommended,227300,4987077,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Bezdak,"If you like simulator games this is one of the most entertaining simulator that I have ever played.Its great game for relaxation. Graphics is awesome.Only bad thing I found in this game is that artificial Intelligence of other drivers is really weird, but you get used to it."
,Recommended,227300,9768053,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Dr. Pahunis,"Literally the best game i have ever played in my entire life, hands down. 10/10. I wish i was lying."
,Recommended,227300,9635021,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Alptraum,"This game is really fun, although I'd imagine anyone with a driver's license could just aswell go out and take a ride if they wanted to instead of spending money on this game.Good to play when you want to chill."
,Recommended,227300,9043268,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,thias,Ruined my life 10/10
,Recommended,227300,9018245,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Dylan,I would recommend this game because it is brilliant! I can't stop playing it!Well done to the creators
76561197969303739,Recommended,227300,13154743,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,HardThoF,"awesome simulation. play with a pad, better than keyboard."
76561198156708534,Recommended,227300,16104654,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,GT Gaming,If you are in a dlivary and quit the game then join back in your trailer gains a tone damage and you get no money or xp  for it which is stupid and if the game makers can fix I would  greatly apreshehate but other then that the game is amazing so much fun .:)P.S It nnneeeeeedddsss american TRUCKS please
,Recommended,227300,8941612,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Default Danny,I love this game! The best simulator i have ever played. Continious updates. This game is awesome. BUY IT
,Recommended,227300,18282579,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,✪Square✪,Good Game;)) Buy All:)
76561198130356371,Recommended,227300,18279796,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,blue,"A game that bring life of Europe to you through a game. It a game worth to buying to remind u of the fun road that Europe has. As well a great time to spend on finding out what is real trucking is Europe and America; very great job done by the creator of euro simulator. Which establish the root of a real truck's control, big thing on the gear switching. Which bring back the life of the game. In conclusion want to say thank you to creators of this game for bring out in this simulator for some people it lorry drivers and for some truck drivers. Thank you"
,Recommended,227300,11449098,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,GrantD458,"Looks like a basic game before you buy it. However, you will spend hours on end playing this without even realising.Great Game"
76561197984490800,Recommended,227300,12192518,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,[RPPK]Raptor,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 has got to be THE BEST casual driving similar available. With plenty of truck models, upgrades, decals, DLC and of course the MULTIPLAYER MOD it cannot be beat! I enjoy this game so much, I livestream it every week with friends and we convoy around Europe and are excited for the upcomming DLC for Scandinavia. A fantastic game to buy in a DLC bundle on a sale if you are worried about not enjoying the gameplay. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Check out more at:www.twitch.tv/rappackMASSIVE ACCIDENT:http://www.twitch.tv/rappack/c/4470403BARREL ROLL:http://www.twitch.tv/rappack/c/42625744 HOUR STREAM:http://www.twitch.tv/rappack/c/4236546"
,Recommended,227300,27726821,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,☣ Fadded ☣,best game
76561198056993925,Recommended,227300,14248284,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,WesternJunk,"I says Pig Pen this heres Rubber Duck we just an't gunna pay no toll, So we crashed the gate doing 98 I says let them truckers roll 10/4Speeding ticket simulator"
,Recommended,227300,7472654,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Nevfy,На данный момент лучший симулятор дальнобойщика! 10/10
,Recommended,227300,12314130,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Suarez,"Great game, enjoy the multiplayer mod with it. It gets a bit boring playing by yourself. 8/10"
76561198071721587,Recommended,227300,7932256,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,severenze,awesome game. i even went out and bought a steering wheel to add to the realism.
,Recommended,227300,22783148,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Weston,"Don't know what side of the road to be on, but that doesn't matter too much ;)10/10"
,Recommended,227300,14087466,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,James,I need to stop.Like seriously.Would recommend ten times over
76561198065363347,Recommended,227300,13046315,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Knight Solaire,YEAAAAAHHHH
,Recommended,227300,23046794,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Tyler Park,Got stuck in traffic on the way home from work in rlFinally got home and turned on my PC to play ETS2Got stuck in traffic on ETS210/10 would buy again
,Recommended,227300,8631166,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,chadma,you get to drive and then drive some more and get fined for speeding. A++ GOTY
,Recommended,227300,9993417,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Cook,"Ok, truck driving simulator? You wut m8?-plays demo-ITS A NEED, NOT WANT. A FOOKIN NEED.Seriously it's surprisely fun and awesome, especially if you like driving in real life, you would love to spend hours driving across europe going 90km/h.i rate 10/10Did i mention its coming out with MP mod soon, it's currently in open alpha. ♥♥♥♥ yeah smokey and bandit."
,Recommended,227300,11190409,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,el chapo,I have become the truck.8/10.
,Recommended,227300,16037887,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,MurrayL,"This is a game about driving trucks between real locations in Europe; a difficult parking job is about as action-packed as it gets. For the most part, you'll just be cruising, listening to the radio (which streams live over the internet), and relaxing. It's very therapeutic, and an oddly rewarding experience.You either 'get' Euro Truck Simulator 2, or you don't, but it's worth trying it just to see what you might be missing out on.Best played with a steering wheel controller."
,Recommended,227300,29068773,Posted: 6 January,all,Tiliboss,+ Relaxing+ The Radio function where you can add your own radio stations+ the Multiplayer+ Mods- Not the entire map of Europe and this is very dissapointing and you need to buy DLCs for a few regions and even so it's still missing a lot of countriesThe game is great per total and it will be greater when it will have the entire Europe and also if they update the graphics it will also be a benefit in time
,Recommended,227300,13596334,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Prophet,Strangely relaxing and fun.
,Recommended,227300,7863616,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Orbital Softdrink,"the idea sounds dull and boring, but it's so freeking adictive !"
,Recommended,227300,24887943,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Pancake Pig,"Weird game, chill and enjoyable but didnt drift me completly off. I enjoyed it but not going to strech it and recomend it if you are not a fan of trucks and driving sims.One of the reason I quit playing was after a trip to england, I took a wrong turn and drove 3 hours in the wrong direction.When you configure the radio stream and driving trought the city in a rainy night it feels like you are working....its so sad LOL."
,Recommended,227300,7863040,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,WoosaMike,The best game with trucks. I recommend it to all who are interested to buy it and play it.
,Recommended,227300,13024752,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,aldude3,"After a long day of driving truck, I like to go home and drive some truck in the far away land of Europe. It is like a dream for someone who is on the other side of the pond."
76561198162954953,Recommended,227300,30360761,Posted: 6 March,all,Moonthix Farmskins.com,Chilling game
76561198345797816,Recommended,227300,30357798,Posted: 6 March,all,YAZAN-NO.(2),nice
,Recommended,227300,24431232,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,xShane,gud
,Recommended,227300,23390466,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,XDbossX,10/10 would hit every light red again.
76561198104414295,Recommended,227300,17040013,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Beanbop1,Like Skyrim with guns10/10
76561198042576127,Recommended,227300,26168071,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Korgrath,9/10Not enough realism because there areno muslim refugees trying to catch a ride on my truck.
,Recommended,227300,24272743,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,at kafası,too expensive.
,Recommended,227300,8157350,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,MelonSuika,"The best Truck Simulator I've played, it's really simple but really fun, I like driving my truck and listening to the music and enjoy the time."
76561198118342318,Recommended,227300,13532859,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,kodeki2 csgo-skins.com,This is good/ i dont mind
,Recommended,227300,24600349,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,♔♛ Z i K Y ♛♔,The best game to relax with
76561198059978199,Recommended,227300,17303674,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,AlTeR,10/10 would get fined again
,Recommended,227300,12365766,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,iCƵ,BEWARE! THIS GAME WILL MAKE YOU WANT TO BE A EURO TRUCK DRIVER FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE this is probably my favorite game if you want a casual game or a driving game this..is..the...ONE...BUY IT!!!p.si've played about 2+ extra hours offline so they dont show up on my time so just add 2 hours to my timethx
,Recommended,227300,23947480,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bolesław,(y)
,Recommended,227300,4578534,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Takumi Fujiwara Æ86,By far THE BEST simulator I have EVER played.
76561198024044028,Recommended,227300,24805261,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Crazed Despot,"This game and American Truck Simulator literally taught me how to drive, I'm not even lying.420\69 would learn how to drive again."
76561198213327924,Recommended,227300,24251111,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,fennyS_hellcase.com,Very nice game.
,Recommended,227300,24002597,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,fisher,游戏内音乐对MP3格式不是很兼容，建议外放或改成ogg格式
,Recommended,227300,30376549,Posted: 7 March,all,Sotanorsu68,This game has such a big effect on my menatl health i feel like more i play more estonian i become.Like seriously minust tundma eesti.. hetk või vitt!
,Recommended,227300,19079594,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,typE   #Dizomania CS.MONEY,dani e !@#$@
,Recommended,227300,25345918,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,The_Minecraft60,If your into driving trucks this is the game for you. I've played euro truck simulator and it was decent but euro truck simulator 2 is definently a better more improved game and it just looks stunning! Just dont be sleepy while driving.
76561198106838103,Recommended,227300,28969679,Posted: 3 January,all,NaTguN0-IL,:)
,Recommended,227300,25993642,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Yung Poppa Jew,"One of my favourite games on Steam at the moment, 10/10 no disappointment involved. Especially if you enjoy trucks"
76561197987927800,Recommended,227300,32034096,Posted: 28 May,all,Elvistux,This game is Tight
,Recommended,227300,31766036,Posted: 15 May,all,Ashr0ck,An amazing Simulator  indeed
76561198217089423,Recommended,227300,31946937,Posted: 25 May,all,cCc_kerem_cCc,It's a good game
76561198002733308,Recommended,227300,32861560,Posted: 27 June,all,Francis York Morgan,"one of the great, great games"
76561198355706474,Recommended,227300,31046172,Posted: 9 April,all,tanishpotdar,Simply Brilliant...Just Graphics problems for me {MacBook Air}
,Recommended,227300,14370950,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,👑 dimeN Le Grand 👑,easy to controlgood graphicchanging gameplayrealistic trafficvalueable simulation
,Recommended,227300,23098588,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Skadudle,mntb anjg (y)
,Recommended,227300,9752889,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,KhAS,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9lmCpIzhFo
76561198327262028,Recommended,227300,32266074,Posted: 8 June,all,БаБуШкИн_ак-47,10/10
,Recommended,227300,32326989,Posted: 10 June,all,Aim.Locked,♥♥♥♥ Yeah
76561198087215077,Recommended,227300,32262283,Posted: 7 June,all,bruno boss,"Great simulator game, worth every penny."
,Recommended,227300,32046704,Posted: 29 May,all,звук моего сердца,what can u expect better?
,Recommended,227300,33145516,Posted: 2 July,all,Alexander Josef,Nice game tho
,Recommended,227300,33151774,Posted: 2 July,all,Vladimir Lenin,I make a this a good game man can drive a druk from frans to other sity/ I wish for a UUSSR modifacashion
,Recommended,227300,33155961,Posted: 2 July,all,TheDjRider,One really nice and great game. Perfect map with unicate details. It's perfect to test you Driving Skills.
,Recommended,227300,31722479,Posted: 13 May,all,GunnerLord™,Gr8 game for relaxation.
,Recommended,227300,28875497,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Salvatore cs.money,amazing game :o
76561198056552869,Recommended,227300,15854933,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Reatard,actually a lot of fun while still having realism to it. made me actually want to be a truck driver
76561198273906073,Recommended,227300,23338933,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,gentlemen,i like this game so much
76561198128224502,Recommended,227300,22855494,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,THEcatalyst1901,Awesome game. Nuff said.
,Recommended,227300,18287987,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Yeast-TH,ยอดเยี่ยมกระเทียมดอง จริงๆFor onlinehttps://ets2mp.com/
,Recommended,227300,20925565,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,onefastpig,Best game ever
76561198273331519,Recommended,227300,22406817,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Mitko,gotino
,Recommended,227300,15604827,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ｉ Ａｉｎ＇ｔ Ｙｏｕｒ Ｐａｐｉ！,sweeet
,Recommended,227300,25180430,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,The Shroom,"At first when I looked at people play the game I thought it would be super boring just driving, driving and then driving.However, there was much more than that to it, and I actually find this game very fun.The driving is a lot of fun, managing your trucking company is too, I highly recommend this game!8.75/10"
,Recommended,227300,16210063,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,TommyK154,"Great game, great dev support. Constant updates and improvements. Brilliant all around, although can get repetitive and boring after a while, so you'll need to give yourself a break from this game every now and then. But for the most part it does what it sets out to do very well. 9.2/10"
,Recommended,227300,19959222,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,farmer jack,"Perfect game, I use a Logitech g27 with it and it works so good. Definitely buy it if your looking at it"
,Recommended,227300,21193252,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ness1228,"I first didn't take this game seriously despite its positive reviews. Curiosity got the best of me, so I tried the demo and enjoyed it. Several days later, the deluxe bundle went on sale. Since then, me and my Steam wallet were never seen again as I hit the open road.I strongly recommend this game if you like trucks, driving, open-world exploring, vehicle customization or a combination thereof. A controller isn't needed (although it might make more accurate steering easier), as you can adjust the steering sensitivity. My laptop doesn't even meet the minimum requirements for this game (Dual Core 2.3GHz), so I play on the minimum settings at all times; the game runs perfectly fine and my laptop doesn't even overheat like it does with some other games. Even on the minimum settings, I still feel a very immersive truck driving experience. I never thought I'd enjoy and appreciate truck drivers in my life until playing this game."
,Recommended,227300,14167886,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Stuckbio,"One of the best games I have played in my life!Pros:+Graphics are awesome+A huge map+A lot of trucks and paint jobs+Very relaxing+Lots of mods you can install and tryCons:-The towns are the same-Need important structures in the biggest towns ex. London Eye-Road are almost the same in some parts-The Going East DLC should cover more countriesThe cons are just some things that I tought COULD be improved.VERDICT: Totally one of my favorite games, a need-to-buy.SCORE: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,227300,11952429,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,danielennistv,"This game is awesome! Graphic are Awesome, Features are amazing and is actually realistic. Not recommended if you dont like Trucks or Driving..."
76561198148264381,Recommended,227300,23913348,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Emanuel,1.Buy game2.Play game3.The game is boring4.You go and ask your mom for 10 $ for buy CS:GO5.You play CS:GO6.Your life is better now7.You buy 100 $ skins8.You gamble all your skins9.You lose all skins10.Your life is a struggle11.You go to play ETS 212.You've begin be the best in this world at ETS 213.Your life is better :)
76561198135908015,Recommended,227300,15579668,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,NOTMYC4R,6/5 would buy again
76561198033077472,Recommended,227300,33192177,Posted: 3 July,all,JackQzy,Good game
,Recommended,227300,33196068,Posted: 3 July,all,yavuz_2jz,"If you know how to maneuvre in reverse and when to slam the brakes, fire up your truck and start hauling. Great graphics and very realistic simulation. DON'T MISS THE SUMMER SALE FOR ETS2!"
,Recommended,227300,31922358,Posted: 23 May,all,☠☢ KroX ☢☠ ︻芫═─,Nice simulator!!! Best regards
76561198124631530,Recommended,227300,33241108,Posted: 4 July,all,Dave__ Hellcase.com,Good fame
76561198395503342,Recommended,227300,33271145,Posted: 5 July,all,MyGalaxy,sdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasd
,Recommended,227300,32692319,Posted: 23 June,all,HoboJoe1717,It's good init
,Recommended,227300,25348445,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Bratsaki,The best truck simulator
,Recommended,227300,11747426,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Jummkopf,other cars don't use turn signals or merge correctlysuper realistic/10
,Recommended,227300,33450527,Posted: 11 July,all,HARMLESS,One of the best truck simulator game out there.Get it now :3
76561198118204583,Recommended,227300,10617755,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Y E E E Z Y,"This game is just... wonderfull, I can not explain how fun it is to be driving a Truck in Europe while listining to the Radio. The game simulates driving so well, it is unbelievable how realistic this game is."
76561198217019745,Recommended,227300,18016941,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,locky92003,Brilliant a must have for all sim fans. Just watch out for those who like to crash into everything in sight lol
,Recommended,227300,19810166,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,0Bennyman,"This is the easiest job ever, all you do is drive from point A to B or A to B to C. Delivering cargo of all sorts, all you have to do is follow the rules, it's probably the easiest thing you will ever do, all you have to do is don't speed, don't crash don- Wait a second I have got a text, I'll just check my phone for a second...Oh it's from Dave he- OH♥♥♥♥♥♥OH NO MY TRUCK IT'S FLIPPED HOW IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE?!...This is the hardest job ever, you may just have to drive from point A to B or A to B to C but there are many hazards. You will be delivering cargo of all sorts, you MUST follow the rules, it may be the hardest thing you will ever do, you MUST cruise control or stay 1 gear down to ensure you DO NOT SPEED, stay AWAY from the edges of the road especially at areas where the ground dips otherwise you are at SERIOUS risk of your truck flipping on its side and causing catastrophic damage...And never under any cirumstances check your phone even for a moment not even if the road is straight, you never know what dangers lurk around any corner.10/10 Would learn serious life lessons about driving again."
76561198059435407,Recommended,227300,13238675,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,SeaWeed,"WOW, This is such a Great Game, Highly Recommended !!  ..... Every-body says ur bad for me baby, Woot .... :-D"
,Recommended,227300,33508008,Posted: 13 July,all,VoodooTank,Fell asleep behind the wheel in the tutorial and crashed my truck.10/10
,Recommended,227300,9856312,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,SuhDude (ALT),Awesome game first time i played it i fell in love with just so amazing everyone is like that game tottaly sucks i dont even know why you wasted our money and this is my response t(-_-t) so deffintaly buy this game if you have the money you wont regret!!!!! but if your going to livestream it or play it alot i would suggest getting a Logictech G27 Racing wheel because it gies the game a reallife feel to it!!! so buy it and enjoy :D
,Recommended,227300,7837053,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ACE IRONLUNGS,"It's like if someone took trucks, then made a simulator out of it."
,Recommended,227300,13153079,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Blurr,I like it!
,Recommended,227300,16614060,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Noki,"Complete lack of in-depth tutorial leaves you clueless when playing. You end up losing all your money because they do not tell you the default keyboard controls. When you go into the settings to find them out or rebind your controls, you cannot actually see them or configure them whatsoever.The UI is also terrible. This isn't 2005, let's not use chrome-style images for buttons. Maybe a flat design would be a bit nicer and with the times? I cannot seem to navigate it either. It's overall confusing with multiple pause menus, and they're all used for different things.The gameplay is quite nice and realistic. Trucks don't feel that responsive, but I suppose it is quite realistic. The AI drivers in the game are on a whole other level of♥♥♥♥♥♥drivers. They will drive into you if you're anywhere near them. The AI show no remorse, and you end up losing a lot of money due to crashes, because of these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI.I do recommend this game, if you want to sift through Google to find the ♥♥♥♥ing controls. Not trying to be sarcastic, it is a great game and I would play it more if it wasn't so badly designed. This game got the♥♥♥♥♥♥hyped out of it, yet I don't see how it lives up to such a high rating. However, it is undoubtedly a good game. If you paid more than $5 for it, you were wasting your money, in my opinion."
76561198064502798,Recommended,227300,14241147,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,PapiTopCat,"I had one of the most beuatiful and epic gaming moments of my life playing this game (seriously).While driving in the pitch black Polish countryside, speeding into the night, listening to Polish radio courtsey of the in-game radio player, this song came on the radio:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqiH0ZSkM9IIt was a perfect moment.Then this came on after while I drove past a huge city skyline:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGt-rTDkMcMI got my phone out to Shazam it without pausing because I did't wanna break immersion, inevitably crashed.Then as I drove into my destination the sun rose over the trees on the horizon, it was awesome.Then the Spindoctors came on and ruined it.10/10, would get emotional/admire the scenery/learn a valuable lesson/hate the Spindoctors again."
,Recommended,227300,19084433,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,VitalSauce07,great game
76561198094167454,Recommended,227300,11327319,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,world renowned xc superstar,"This is another installment of the Euro Truck series. This adds small trucks, medium trucks, big trucks, stupid trucks, and roads to the game. If you have ever wanted to live the dream making stops at gas stations and repair shops becasue your truck broke down then you need to buy this next installment of Euro Truck!"
76561198283149306,Recommended,227300,23397122,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,|KING| AvramTanic™,its very good and i think everyone should buy it
,Recommended,227300,23099566,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Wormy,You will never know why you like this gameBut you will like it... A LOT
76561198190135211,Recommended,227300,25675109,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Cobra,very good game high graphics highly detailed trucks would reccommend buying this
,Recommended,227300,24491463,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Ethan,"Pretty good game, just don't remove UK"
76561198245564380,Recommended,227300,25317110,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Autistic Homunculus,"This is a very fun game, but it's measured in the metric system so it might not be as friendly for us American's."
,Recommended,227300,24842016,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Simon Cowell,AI that dont know how to stop end up crashing into you (typical russian driving simulator) im upset that when i crash and im near russia i dont hear them say c y k a b l y a t or idi nakhuy but this is the best game for people that actually follow driving rules in video games  11/10 IGN
,Recommended,227300,22796737,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,KituZ,Nice and Relaxing game.
,Recommended,227300,24548450,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Indsmnz,Recomend
,Recommended,227300,26765628,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BlackMasta,"i really love this game , i give you 5 stars"
,Recommended,227300,28554111,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,iHobbit ♡,"Alright, so when I first bought this game I was thinking that it wasn't going to be enjoyable. Doing the same thing repeatedly. Yeah it can get boring at times, however there are certain aspects of this game that help it to become more enjoyable and advanced. One of these aspects is the third-party mod that allows you to enjoy the roads of Europe with your friends in a vast open multiplayer world. TruckersMP have defiantly helped boost the popularity of this game and changed people’s views upon simulator driven games.Another reason why this game is so enjoyable to me is the Downloadable Content that SCS releases every now and again, they just don’t fail to impress ETS2 Drivers. One of the most recent DLC's to this post would be the Vive La France DLC. This DLC is worth its price because it introduces so much more detail, landscape and fun into the game. Looking at this DLC against the base vanilla game makes places like Paris, Le Mans, Toulouse and many more look as if you are driving through a realistic version of France.SCS are very active with events and posts which helps keeps the community up to date on patches, updates and upcoming DLC's and events. One of my favourite events has defiantly been this years (2016) Christmas event. With the addition of World of Trucks, we have the option to take external contracts that allow you to transport oversized gifts to the people of Europe! This event as always has player based reward system, where if you complete 10 of these long-distance haulage jobs you will receive an exclusive DLC with paint and truck modifications. SO, if people are telling you that this game is no fun, and that there is nothing to do! I can assure you that they are lying.There is so much more that I could touch on like; the availability of realistic up to date trucks, realistic scenery, realistic traffic and so much more. However, I am going to write about a large area that most of the community of ETS2 take part in. This is the Modding area. Some time ago the Steam workshop was opened the Modding community allowing everyone to have a go at creating wacky and realistic mods. These mods can be used in the single player game. For example, there are mods for: map expansions beyond what is already readily available! New vehicles that aren’t always trucks to give the community a taste of petrol engine race cars roaring down the open roads of Europe. Lastly one of the larger Modding areas, truck modifications. This area is so large that the game developers have decided to add a search option when modifying trucks because users couldn’t find the mods that they were looking for! Some mods really can blow your mind on this game!So, if you haven’t bought this game already then, I would like to know why! It offers a different style of gaming that you can introduce and play with your friends. Who knows maybe there will be a real-life career that this game will kick-start?Thanks for reading and as you may have realised I love this game and would recommend it to anyone. Just give it a go!Keep on Trucking!"
,Recommended,227300,25850019,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,AhButThen,I now sexually identify as Euro Truck.
,Recommended,227300,29945194,Posted: 15 February,all,Ankan,Great truck sim!
76561198107037644,Recommended,227300,30059503,Posted: 20 February,all,TWB*KidCurry,"Very relaxing game to play and fun, before i got this game i thought it was boring, but its not."
,Recommended,227300,26136408,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Tingy,Took me over 90 hours to reverse the trailer into the parking bay. Would recommend.
,Recommended,227300,29836242,Posted: 10 February,all,SeverusR,Amazing casual game. Just make sure to buy when its on sale
,Recommended,227300,29012549,Posted: 4 January,all,☢$tewie™,Well... Purchased this game christmas eve afternoon and then played it an unhealthy amount. Real fun game and the multiplayer mod adds a lot more fun with friends
,Recommended,227300,28874283,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,blueee,Very fun and is a great way to spend your time!
,Recommended,227300,28576183,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ClubCasperNLGG,Always use your horn when you play online.Lovely game.
76561198141004242,Recommended,227300,23453253,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,jackoff,"An amazing game with great (ish) physics, and many cool mods, such as the multiplayer mod, or car mods. These can be very rewarding because they bring a new perspective to the game itself, but theres only one main flaw I can think of, and I'm not sure if its a bug or just the game. Whenever I pause the game and shutdown my PC, I come back the next day only to see time in the game didn't stop, so my delivery was late and damaged, losing me almost 5-10k in costs. Other than that, I rate it 8/10, holding back on the 9 due to AI physics, and the 10 due to the repetitive scenery, like roads, cities, and almost identical truck stops. Other than that, get this game! It's very addictive, even if you're not so keen on trucks, like myself. Try something new like this, and you wont regret it."
76561198071677079,Recommended,227300,28921101,Posted: 1 January,all,carleremson,This is a good game
,Recommended,227300,23875465,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,chris,"Very fun sim.Multiplayer mod is sooo much fun, and is the reason i play this game.I reccommend this highly. :D"
76561198171488954,Recommended,227300,23337316,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,xXKillerViperXx,EPIC!
,Recommended,227300,20268170,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,greg,An amazing game. Great mechanics and beautiful landscape/scenery. This game really puts you into the role of a trucker going across Europe. The DLCs are extremely nice and the AI is awesome for a driving game. The cars act like they would in real life. I definitely recommend this game and you should buy it as soon as you can.
,Recommended,227300,21653912,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Camer999,"A very good simulation. Every time you get near some traffic lights, they turn red!But yeah a good game if you just want to drive around and listen to something else in the background."
,Recommended,227300,19497952,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,twitch.tv/dediconfetti LFT,"Lemme make this clear. This is going to be a long review and a detailed one at that.Euro Truck Simulator 2 is possible the best simulator for heavy vehicals out there and maybe even the best simulator for vehicals in general (not including racing simulators of course). Its great graphics, scenery, playability and the fact that you dont need a great PC to play it are just some of the few reasons why this game is so good. Im actually planing on buying a steering wheel for it, for myself at Christmas time. The graphics are really good and as I said dont require a beast PC to run them on. The trucks themselves have so much detail which they should considering that it is based on trucking and truck driving. Another really good point about this game is that it really helps stress. You will lose a lot of stress playing this game. It is really, really good at realiving stress and helping to make your day better. I know that you may not believe me because it is a truck driving game but you wont believe it till you play it. Another fact is that this game is not that expensive. I managed to pick it up for $10 with a bunch of DLC. I bought the Interior Decorator DLC even though all it does is get decorations on the interior of the truck.TL:DR: It is really good and you should buy it.For the multiplayer side of things.Multiplayer is just as good if not better then singleplayer. It brings everything that I just mentioned before hand and also brings your friends into the game. It does have some downfalls however and you should be careful. First off if someone says to join their teamspeak because they want you to join their trucking clan or whatever DONT DO IT (Yes this is a thing and it happened to me a few days ago [from writing this review]). Another problem you may experience but I have only experienced once are griefers. They will purposely crash into your truck and you will be fined and will also be damaged but as I said it is rare. The only other bad thing that I could think of but hasnt happened to me yet is FPS lag. You may experience frame drops but as I said I havent experienced it yet. Even then the game doesnt require a beast PC so you probably wont realize the frame drops.TL:DR: Same as singleplayer but with friends."
76561198035532227,Recommended,227300,21326626,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Chukka,"Best game ever!!!!! Buy this game, if u don't like it die in a fire."
,Recommended,227300,14298251,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cimantral,"Euro truck simulator ia a game where you can improve your truck driving skils. it's a game with much fun, but after a some hours playing it becomes borring. You just know how to drive and than it's easy. Euro truck simulater is a nice game if you wonne have a little time enjoining a game, but don't expect you get days and days fun of it. I think it's is a little expensive if you don't buy it in a sale. So wait until there is a sale en enjoy the game. One other thing I iritaded on is that the game clames a map by documents, if you detlite or mave that folder you wil lose your profile. I don't like it when game need to be at the forground caus it takes longer to find the document you need to find. my recomend is buy the game only in a sale for some hours fun."
,Recommended,227300,28914752,Posted: 1 January,all,Unlimited corndogs for $25.95,Vroom vroom
,Recommended,227300,13127447,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Batman,online
,Recommended,227300,14522716,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,OmarAbdulHasanAliShaheedMohammed,"Love this game, so amazing and for sure worth the price. On my pc it is super smooth and amazing graphics. Love it.2 issuesThe AI is the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥iest AI in the worldThose cars will get so close when you try to exit or take a turn, resulting in a car collison fineThey go way too fastI speed becuase its hard using WASD to control your speed (pressing w then letting go, repeat) but i go like 80 or 90 in a 50 zone, and cars wiz past me. WTF is up with thatSeconds, biggest issue everSpeedingyou go 1 over, speed ticketalso what the speed limit signs say, is not what it really isThey added a speed limit thing in the bottom left where your map is, that isnt accurate either. Please for the love of trucks fix it.Other than that great buy, most people wont like it but i love it8/10 until speeding is fixed"
76561198007725835,Recommended,227300,31217484,Posted: 18 April,all,Dennys_JK76 [10IR & DVA],I love trucking :-phttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9lmCpIzhFostrongly recommended - especially the Multiplayers on Sundays just want to make you bomb Turkey ;-)
,Recommended,227300,11703009,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,CherryTheAce,The best trucking simulator there is!
76561198018193054,Recommended,227300,15599169,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,adrunkvagabond,get thisget multiplayer modlose friends
,Recommended,227300,11543511,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,silent (total MLG)  assualt,"perfect game to just sit down and relax and make some money. epic textures, awesome graphics, amazing attenton to detail"
,Recommended,227300,16099953,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,LemaNeed™,"I settled down and I started a company named EU Transport. I had nothing and got to do some quick jobs so I could stand on my feet. BUT THEN!!  I took a bank loan and bought myself a new truck worth over 100 000 €. I hope the currency was EURO, because I don't remember it now then I'm writing this review.. ANYWAY!! The business was doing great and I've got a lot of income. I had also rigged up my old GT steering wheel and pedals. After that... it all changed...I was doing my first job with my new blue truck that I just bought from Sweden. The job was to drive some stuff from somewhere in Sweden to Oslo in Norway. I got nervous, and asked my dad if he wanted to take that trip back to Norway for me. He said yes, took the keys, got inside the truck and fired the engine. He did drove around the neighborhood to test that machine for a few hours before heading towards Oslo.PONG! CRASHING TICKET 400 €PONG! CRASHING TICKET 400 €PONG! CRASHING TICKET 400 €I've may killed someone... my truck was wrecked....You may wounder if the truck ever arrived Oslo..Yes, it did, but in terrible condition...Today my bank account is red and I hope the the police never find me.. If they do, I have already turned off my trucks speed limiter.If you have ever seen a blue Scania truck on the road in Europe, that wasn't me.."
76561198098370425,Recommended,227300,16106374,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,xTdgamer,"Crashed my truck going 164 km/h causing over 70000 euros in damage, all covered by my employer.12/10 would crash truck again."
76561198143463212,Recommended,227300,13317526,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Cerberus,A super game. I play it a lot!
,Recommended,227300,15594681,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Boeram,Bought the game 1 day before the 50% sale.10/10 would overpay again.
,Recommended,227300,15231057,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,anime fag ツ,"One of the best games on the market, If you like trucking. this is a game for you. Get some mods. and you're golden."
,Recommended,227300,13975609,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Vaporious,ETS2. Part of my life now.High Detailed Modelling (Graphics)Well... Badass Simulator.This game brings you driving in a truck.High detailed graphics. Big Fan now.
76561198075552825,Recommended,227300,10749939,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SHEYDI,"Офигенная игруля, крафон и управление отличное, вроде даже поддерживает окулус рифт"
,Recommended,227300,13467179,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BearDownChicagoBearsHo,Needs more meth
,Recommended,227300,20034475,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,✪ Jammstahhh,"One of the best Simulators on SteamVery good with the LogiTech G27, works perfectlyOnline mod is successful, very fun with friends"
,Recommended,227300,8005758,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,attach,I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys to just sit back and relax with a very chill game. When playing I suggest either using the ingame radio feature or running iTunes or Spotify in the background etc. which will make it more better instead of hearing the trucks engine all day!
,Recommended,227300,8285751,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,gmR [22],Jogo mt realista e viciante para alguns :)
,Recommended,227300,10831944,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Hades,An amazing and addicting game! You'll love it!
,Recommended,227300,10709165,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,☠ Onfire,BEST GAME
,Recommended,227300,23902299,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Wizard Hoovy,"Each minute is 5 seconds, so deliveries are usually fast. Also, awesome graphics. 52/10 -IGN"
,Recommended,227300,8366870,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Luke^_^,GOTY!
,Recommended,227300,33626327,Posted: 18 July,all,mustard is my bae,"Boi dis game, real good"
,Recommended,227300,33215231,Posted: 3 July,all,aguspauk,best simulator game ever
76561198184796161,Recommended,227300,32699887,Posted: 23 June,all,herts58,.
,Recommended,227300,11947787,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Darthsaber125,"Euro truck simulater 2 isnt just a game, its an adventure, its a simulater not only for trucks but a continent wide buisness simulater.PROS:Lots of trucksLots of add ons to make the game funVERY good developers (shout out to these guys, they update the game often)If you have the right hardware the game is BEUTIFULMANY different types of compatible controllers so if you REALLY want that experiance they got itCONS:Has a multiplayer but you need to download it then do something with commands (idk) would be REALLY nice if it was a part of the game.NO steam workshopHas no console commands ( this isnt that important but it would be nice to give yourself a ton of money and stuff)The cons may outweigh the pros but the cons arent that important.Overall Euro truck Simulater 2 is a really fun game and if you havnt bought it i suggest you do sobut if you do prepare to waste your life becuase tim e FLIES away"
76561198141411541,Recommended,227300,20283921,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,komoki_emrys,If you like 18 wheelers then this game is for you. If you like European trucks then this is also for you. Or maybe you just want to see what life is like as a truck driver. Whatever the reason I highly recommend this game. It's very relaxing when you just want a casual game. Just a warning to my fellow Americans: you have to drive on the left side of the road.Yes I'm aware the game is called Euro truck simulator.
,Recommended,227300,33582127,Posted: 16 July,all,Twicz,Nice Game
76561198273714237,Recommended,227300,33613780,Posted: 17 July,all,EVILDOPPLEGANGER,HOLY SH** THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!!!!
76561198107729369,Recommended,227300,30026334,Posted: 18 February,all,UnFlOoO [Transport Duchenne],best game ever
76561198127192514,Recommended,227300,19739434,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Pilot,So I just bought this game 2wks ago! I have stayed up late playing and LOVE IT! Wished I new about this game sooner!
,Recommended,227300,33655332,Posted: 19 July,all,Slayed,Nice game !
,Recommended,227300,29840439,Posted: 10 February,all,Roran( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),It's nice to just drive around and relax while listening to the radio in-game
76561197972729524,Recommended,227300,8868399,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Perus_TC,"One of the most relaxing games I have ever played.The UI script is a little small for older eyes but,still readable.The driving mechanics are not too shabby and the feel of driving at your own pace is beyond attractive.Nice collection of trucks and options and very well done road advisor.So far I am having a lot of fun.Highly Recommend."
,Recommended,227300,13349755,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Scarlett Johansson,Most peaceful game I've ever played. Legitimately legit. 10/10.
76561198045770998,Recommended,227300,28645913,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Luis Fonsi,Dope
,Recommended,227300,8418077,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Battleboy43,Fun and soon adding multiplayer. Perfect game for wanna be truckers buy it if you are a wanna be trucker! (Like me!)
,Recommended,227300,30654151,Posted: 21 March,all,Daren95,Nice Game ^_^
,Recommended,227300,27070166,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Brick48x,"Do you like roads ? Do you like driving ? Do you like driving with your friends ?You should but this game*it will provide funny and unforgettable hours to you and your friends*Cheap and good dlcs that provide extra maps,accessories etc.*There is a lot of fun ways and options to gain money.Also DLCs deserve its money(I recommend Scandinavia)"
,Recommended,227300,33770451,Posted: 24 July,all,Topgek \\ 狼,"This game is like midget p*rn. You think you aint gonna like it but once you've played it, you're hooked for life.10/10 would whack off to midget p*rn again"
,Recommended,227300,12982075,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Fabi | Farmskins.com,No words... just perfect!
,Recommended,227300,31354697,Posted: 25 April,all,pab900,Perfect when you want to chill and listen to the radio and drive across Europe.
,Recommended,227300,31341746,Posted: 24 April,all,SavagePepe,great game. more off to the casual simulator but still very realistic and beautiful game. highly recomended!
,Recommended,227300,31417271,Posted: 28 April,all,ShaneRa Ѫ,Awesome game! :)10/10
76561198262619749,Recommended,227300,31345624,Posted: 24 April,all,Laur.C,top game
,Recommended,227300,31460773,Posted: 30 April,all,53b1 csgoatse.com,Preparing for my future
,Recommended,227300,31370506,Posted: 25 April,all,bardock obama,good game 10/10
76561198052109716,Recommended,227300,31372216,Posted: 26 April,all,Sarumoon,"In this game you play as a giant metal Truckasaurus, and you can eat cars and breathe fire, and it stars Anne Hathaway.Actually you just drive trucks. Even better."
,Recommended,227300,31487557,Posted: 1 May,all,Xattics,"Nice graphics, realistic, Country music.... ULTIMATE COMBO"
76561198153977099,Recommended,227300,23552688,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Sveger_SK,Very good game
,Recommended,227300,8586500,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Fluff-Kevlar,"Euro Truck Simulator 2. With all the ridiculous simulator games out lately, this title almost seems to fall right in, but don't let it fool you... ETS2 is incredibly addictive. I'm a run and run, FPS, strategy gamer and when I got ETS2 I thought it was going to be a joke. Play for 10 minutes, laugh, and move on.Well, 10 hours later and I'm desperate to upgrade my trucks, hire more drivers, explore more of Europe in awesome rigs that you can tell have tons of reference put into making. I'm no truck conoisseur, but there's a huge variety and style; there is a strange serentity and enjoyable calm in playing this game that I didn't expect.I'm not saying it's for everyone, but if you're the kind of gamer who dabbles in many genres and gives a lot of strange titles a try, pick up ETS on sale perhaps, and you might be surprised. It's very deep and anywhere between arcade-y for beginners, to extremely realistic."
,Recommended,227300,7865028,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Juixius,"I love this game to death. If you like simulator games, you will love this one."
76561198211621475,Recommended,227300,33740491,Posted: 23 July,all,Lijdel,Nice game!
,Recommended,227300,20536682,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Sgt. Frost,this game is Awesome if it could work on multiplayer again cuz the last update turn him bad and not working anymore :)
76561197963817728,Recommended,227300,25600083,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,vgo,Driving trucks was more fun than I thought. It gets a bit boring after a while. Needs more roads and a lot more realistic AI traffic. Steering wheel is pretty much mandatory.
,Recommended,227300,21233504,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,AJ/GAMING-57,"Although i thoroughly enjoy playing this simulator i find that it could do with some more countriessuch as spain isreal or egypt (cant remember which of the 2 is classed as european)and we could do with more citiesin countries that as not got many already in,(  as in italy) we also could do with the south of france with monaco so come on mods give us more cities in existing countries and give us new countries with plenty of towns villages and cities please"
,Recommended,227300,824632,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Erol NL,"One of the best  games I have ever played in this genre.The graphics are superb, the sounds are authentic and the level of realism is great. Its an interactive  living free roaming environment. No empty roads or  just a few cars here but busy roads with various traffic."
,Recommended,227300,12463797,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,dots,Можно ездить на грузовиках.
76561198070691672,Recommended,227300,13871436,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,jeremyj621,"The best, most realistic truck simulator on the market today. Incredible attention to detail, both with the licensed truck brands and the game world. The next best thing to really driving a truck!"
,Recommended,227300,30820545,Posted: 29 March,all,K'Ripton,"if you dont have a steering wheel then i wouldnt buy it, if you do have one, go ahead"
,Recommended,227300,25548752,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,The Phoenixxx,Don't know why i have this many hours in this game...i guess i liked it :3
76561198347138724,Recommended,227300,30797081,Posted: 28 March,all,ZED-Official,"One of the best simulation games I have ever played, Overall a really good game!"
,Recommended,227300,30801521,Posted: 28 March,all,iDIESEL VII (Dua Lipas son),the best <3
,Recommended,227300,32985590,Posted: 29 June,all,0nion_man_LV,Why to buy this game? Here are the reasonsFunAlot of grinding (may depend on person)Great graphicsTrucksTrailersTrucks+trailers+120km/h speedMultiplayer mod
,Recommended,227300,27830539,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nigerian Eagle,"Singleplayer its one of the most in depth, addictive simulators you can buy. Install the mulitplayer mod and you'll have a harder time getting across europe than the Nazi's ever did."
76561198046033202,Recommended,227300,12289801,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,littleburstow,good game
,Recommended,227300,12391728,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,mhy^,This game is simply the best i dont have many hours on it my self i can tell you guys its really worth buying if you are looking for the best expericen for trucking i would give it 10/10 !! :) also if you are really looking for some fun i recommoed you purchase the Logitech g27 one of the best steering wheels it might be a littel pricey but if you love this game then it is a really blast to use :)
76561198119175690,Recommended,227300,14724051,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Wehraboo,I drove 10m out of the garage then i quit10/10
,Recommended,227300,27540556,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,măăi,I just wrote this review for a badge.
,Recommended,227300,13220778,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,kirtanloorii,"This is a great trucking/trucking business simulator. No need for a complicated review. It's exactly what it sounds like. I will say that the game runs very smoothly and I have had no errors. Sometimes the traffic AI can be a little confused, but they have patched most of that up. This game is very mod friendly, especially when it comes to making your own skins for your chosen truck. It is difficult to properly describe the gameplay experience, so I would recommend looking at a ""let's play"" on youtube to help you decide whether or not this game is for you."
,Recommended,227300,10047473,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Aphelion,I think it's kind of obvious why you should get this game
,Recommended,227300,14211006,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,H@mm€rT!me,good game!
,Recommended,227300,13822650,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,BROKE_ASS_GAMER,great game i personaly find myself playing this game often it has great physics and great controls if you have a wheel and pedal and shifter set. i have the logitech g25 and i find this game to be alot of fun to play this with.its a good game can get tiring at times as obviously all you are doing is driving long distance in a lorry with a trailer full of♥♥♥♥♥♥on the back and delivering it to were you have to witout causing damage to your truck or the cargo.with that in mind there is a good amount of customization in this game from your garage and being able to have a few drivers working for you earning you money while you do your own thing to painting and upgrading your own truck from the engine to the drive shaft to the wheels and even the handles on the cabin.i find this to be a great game for and simulator fan and for the price in the steam sales its a must have on my part8/10
,Recommended,227300,10272451,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Coconut Cream,Very fun but I noticed a large performance drop when the headlights were turned on.
,Recommended,227300,20273373,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,mr_cryzler34,"This game is fun if you're into Trucks or driving hundreds of Miles/Kilometers.This game has Amazing visuals for being a simulator.Surroundings and Environment is around you at all times, very immerssive.Recommended that you use a Controller or Steering wheel.Physics + Truck Physics are Realistic.No need to pay to progress or enjoy the game more than it is.I'll give it a solid 9.3/10This game has alot of potentials and still has thousends of players daily."
,Recommended,227300,26323731,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Bouda,Good game :D
76561198081273513,Recommended,227300,27555040,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Starz,"Like driving? Like exploring? Like chilling for music, well this game is for YOU. This game came out 4 years ago. And today it is still very popular. You drive a truck through all sorts of terrian."
,Recommended,227300,28899697,Posted: 1 January,all,Not_gooD,Because trucks are awsome! 10/10 wonderful game!
,Recommended,227300,13487598,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,V!king P N,AWESOME!
,Recommended,227300,20777720,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Iddig,Who would think you could have so much fun truckin. Great game.
,Recommended,227300,9324305,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Candera,Find out why truck driving school really isn't for you.
,Recommended,227300,9464164,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Marshal Monty,Best game ever made.I have no idea why.
,Recommended,227300,16215420,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,backslash-f,this game is ruining my life
,Recommended,227300,8252789,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,F1K Gm Prodigy cs.money,Awesome game.
76561198072302952,Recommended,227300,9727501,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,JthirstY,"Just Get It,Best Simulator game out there!!!GET IT"
76561198201867718,Recommended,227300,26324401,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Andrei_SvK Gamdom.com cs.money,Very good game....Best game
76561198050700336,Recommended,227300,10598084,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,KiLl3r,"I like this game,its fun and boring in the same time! awesome"
76561198051300180,Recommended,227300,7857489,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,bumhead,Very Fun Game To Play Around On And Good If You Have A Interest In Cars!!
,Recommended,227300,11056416,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Koop,"A realistic simulation of falling asleep while driving. 20/10, would buy again"
,Recommended,227300,33525064,Posted: 13 July,all,our lord and saviour bill cosby,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,227300,22996255,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,.Flix.✅ | 5E-1,An amazing game which is well worth it as it winning 2 awards shows.This game is one of the best simulation game you can get I would still pick this over ATS as that game needs more trucks and states to make it more fun to drive in but ETS already has all of that so I would pick it as one of the best simulation games for your money so if you want this game you shouldn't hesitate and you should get it
,Recommended,227300,19985874,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Larry Mac,"Awesome. Can't wait for American Truck Simulator tho. Did wish this game had a bit more to it though, if you know what I mean..."
76561198059234120,Recommended,227300,12394677,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Jovis,Trucks
76561198088780952,Recommended,227300,29520949,Posted: 27 January,all,Bang,"I was paying this game about 100 hours (no cheats) game is realy good, one day i have to reinstall my windows and i lost everything i got on euro truck simulator all saves are deleted with windows so now i can't refoud game . :( So if you want to play game better go on tpb/kickass and download it and play."
,Recommended,227300,33193192,Posted: 3 July,all,✪ MeneerTim,Download MP and wait for a few people to crash in to you and quit 10/10 would crash again
76561198028983966,Recommended,227300,27384714,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Astarot82,"I found myself driving, very very tired and suddenly, I slept just for a second (that's how it felt) and I discovered I had a terrible accident, my truck was sideways, a traffic jam around and I needed a loan just to keep in business. Man! That's what a simulator must feel like!"
,Recommended,227300,13456806,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Mupi,It's like trucks with skyrim !420/69 I would flip 5 cars again.
,Recommended,227300,13091821,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,PeNa,"Nice, Relaxing, Casual, and most importantly fun game"
76561198062696312,Recommended,227300,32848175,Posted: 27 June,all,Piotrowski,How the ♥♥♥♥ is this game fun
76561198129164434,Recommended,227300,17990922,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Kbsmoke,Love it!  I think it is very nice that you can drive in a realistic manner.  10/10 would truck again.
,Recommended,227300,31429546,Posted: 28 April,all,Cris23ST,"I strongly recommend this game if you play in single player, with no mods and disabled updates (Better with no internet connection so you don't need to instal the forced updates if you wanna play)This game has almost 5 updates per month, sometimes 2 per weekend, and you know? Bug fixes, always bug fixes, and they are so sorry if your Multiplayer version doesn't match with the game version, you know, downgrade.If the whole game will get updated every time, don't relase it, keep it in beta; since 2012 they made a good game, but with a ton of forced updates.Now, let's talk about multiplayer, the install proces got simplified with the new launcher, but it was made with the purpose of don't have to install the whole game when a patch come to the game. Then, again an old bug, no cargo due time sync with the game, you have 2 options: 1.- Sleep in game and 2.- Changing the game configs forcing the economy to reset.But gess what? The bug is bugged, so if you have cargo to pick up, it is cargo from the previous load of the game or mp client, so when you go to game, they are not paying you for the deliverly since you're late due the bug.Now lets talk about the in-game experience, at a first impression you maybe think that the game concept is great, and you're right, but some members of the game (PLAYERS), will make it a bit difficult, rammers, trollers, racist people, spammers etc.  you'll maybe get mad, but there are in-game reports, the problem, SCS has less than 60 in-game admins, you have seen that right! LESS THAN 60!!  and yes! you're correct again you will maybe found 1 or 3 admins speaking your languaje.I'll not write about dlc's but i'll say 2 things:1.- They could be more expensive than the game2.- Paints DLC don't work in the mp if the other player doesn't have the same dlc, so if you have a viking paint in the mp it  will be lime green, for exampleDone"
,Recommended,227300,25566028,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,YoloHitDoritos360,"This game seems boring at the start, but after 2 hours played, your in this journey :- u want to get a new truck- make lots of money- awesome dlc for little amounts of money- bad AI ( 10/10)"
,Recommended,227300,9711652,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Nettacki,"I totally dig this game, and I had no idea that I'd be into it so much. Travelling around in a big♥♥♥♥♥truck making deliveries and looking at the scenery is way more engaging than I thought it would be."
76561198060962396,Recommended,227300,8309839,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Saracha,Relaxing and a good time-passer. I like the radio section; though it can be a bit too loud overpowering the truck noises. Truck flipping is a good part of the game and is very funny. I enjoy this game and would reccomend it.
,Recommended,227300,29710523,Posted: 4 February,all,Barry Allen,"One word Awesome!!!I have bought the complete game with all the dlc.this game is very liberating and entertaining.One of the things i love about it is the beautifulscenary of Europe and the trucks are amazingto drive. Many company to choose from, alsoyou can costumize your truck from the inside andout. You can be hire to drive for company and gainexperience driving and gaining money to buy andown your trucks,garages to build your company."
76561198089023393,Recommended,227300,8815539,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,oTTo,"This game is literally unbelievable. I am going to dominate europe with my horde of truckers. If you want a calm game that provides satisfation and enjoyment easily play euro. This game is easy to pick up and get good at in a giffy, and it is addictive like no bodies business. My freinds say it looks like really boring, but it is ice road truckers with a working mans grande theft auto wraped up in a dilevery service. The only downside I can think of, would to be hitchickers, illegal imegrants, and drug dealers trying to use your car. If it did, no one would play grande theft auto."
76561198045141216,Recommended,227300,8801547,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,rus_blackaz,"best truck sim ever. a must buy for anyone who has a wheel, especially when its on sale."
,Recommended,227300,11905487,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,✪ Mosu #LoveF2P,Best. Game. Ever <3
,Recommended,227300,22603995,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,What A Douche,"This game gives me a very emersive experience. The character development is on par with Counter Strike, and Burnout Paradise. This game is almost to the level of Sonic The Hedgehog. This game gives me a very good feeling inside."
76561198321832400,Recommended,227300,28568113,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,BLACKPAD,good
,Recommended,227300,15803153,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Squirt19000,"This is a great game, if you are interested in trucks and delivering cargo's to 200+ cities in Europe. I  recommend buying this game."
76561198112253800,Recommended,227300,7914067,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,The__Architect__,It is the best game that I currently own. It is the game that I put all my hours into. It is the game that asks you to become a true truck driver and take on the hard life of delivering cargo all across Europe. It is the best game I've ever played and will be the best game forever.
,Recommended,227300,13773175,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,JjustGreg,"If you enjoy driving games and or simulator games. This might be something for you, but if you want to crash trucks and stuff like that... You won't like this.It's like it states in it's title, a ""Truck simulator"" And one of the best trucking simulators out there in my personal opinion.The massive amounts of mods make the map strech across all of Europe, even including some African countries (In mods)I DO recommend buying this gameMy reccomendation for the game price at maximum is : $30 - $35"
,Recommended,227300,33891742,Posted: 29 July,all,Mr.No Good l Pornhub.com,<3
76561198082088865,Recommended,227300,13928830,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Slab,Drove from london to Austria with nothing but kids gifts in the trailer. So lets go give those little nazi kids some presents!
,Recommended,227300,33546310,Posted: 14 July,all,Xx_rayrando_xX,"Not a really bad game, it's pretty worth to buy it. My friend told me to buy this game, And i though it sucks but i was wrong, it's really good. Like the driving feels that i'm driving a real life truck and the game is like real life well some things are. I will complete give this game 10/10 for having good grapichs and for the driving feeling like real life and another more things :D.10/10"
,Recommended,227300,13792914,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ALexandru™,"The best game ever! this is a must-have game! I have going east! DLC , high power cargo DLC , and many other DLCs. I spent well my whole money."
,Recommended,227300,11358039,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Ball,great game :D
,Recommended,227300,34247594,Posted: 14 August,all,T H I G R S,Muito Bom SLK
76561198138346707,Recommended,227300,24492974,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,metclub101,the game is best sim
,Recommended,227300,14180655,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,rocket man,Everybody has a trucker in him !
76561198050195074,Recommended,227300,9760596,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Waacky,gud gam
76561198156842688,Recommended,227300,22438315,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,mug,good game
,Recommended,227300,27509303,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DaWEEs | Farmskins.com,Love this <3
76561198021183434,Recommended,227300,8003268,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,ZME_Matchstick,One of the greatest sims i've played. A must have for any driving sim fan.
,Recommended,227300,30693193,Posted: 23 March,all,Stojkovic,"who loves to travel, this is the right game for him !!"
,Recommended,227300,32714520,Posted: 24 June,all,🎭 ｓᴇｒɪＯＵｓ²,GG
76561198118830658,Recommended,227300,28908264,Posted: 1 January,all,LilDevil,"Trust me,I am NOT addicted.Oh....is that the sun?"
76561198109122130,Recommended,227300,21514360,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ThomasBlomkål,Those AI drivers are total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Just like in real life. Too bad you can´t stop the truck and go beat the sh*t out of them. Just like in real life.
,Recommended,227300,33912179,Posted: 30 July,all,JacquesLefepre,Good game for spend time.
76561198053074751,Recommended,227300,23535769,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Mad Acho,yes i love this game!!!!
76561198171617075,Recommended,227300,31177519,Posted: 16 April,all,|NT| PeTacZ VKLV,can seize on all day.Especially when you have a buddy with you who has to travel on the map.and the community is great.-------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------+ community+ graphics+ environment+entertainment
,Recommended,227300,23730906,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Speedfreak,WASD simulator
76561198060502911,Recommended,227300,24422962,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,| WaLL,Good Game
,Recommended,227300,16809673,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,supertrf,Best game to play when you feel bored. JK. It's actually an interesting truck simulating game which is pretty nice. Although it might make you bored. Both of the game display and the music are fantastic and the career manage system is also full of surprise. Both DLCs (To The East and Scandinavia) are highly recommended.
76561198063887590,Recommended,227300,9926508,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,SrManco97,PENE
76561198201539806,Recommended,227300,23551180,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Celal Duman (Kebabçı),yaniii
,Recommended,227300,24682230,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TonyS,mom
,Recommended,227300,18819727,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,Good game :D
76561198084723427,Recommended,227300,21345751,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,StarNate,all around good fun!
,Recommended,227300,20452082,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,z0han(Tipsy),LOADS OF FUN :D
76561198078562863,Recommended,227300,10595966,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Rhuemy,"Strangely entertaining! full of laughs and fustration all at the same time... trying to park a semi, this is how women must feel when trying to park a car."
,Recommended,227300,1097366,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,UnrealDelusion,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a highly addictive truck simulation. You start out as a driver for hire and once you got some money you can start your own business and hire your own drivers to work for you. With fancy DX10 graphics, addictive gameplay and a great modding community makes this game a complete package for the asking price. 75 hours into the game and still not bored with it so this game get a 9 out of 10 from me."
,Recommended,227300,28535079,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,pwered$$,steker
,Recommended,227300,26050081,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Androsida,Absolutely mindblowing
76561198355639839,Recommended,227300,29445921,Posted: 23 January,all,Sp33Dy,.
76561198007357477,Recommended,227300,9763689,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Hippocrap,"Drive many trucks, get money."
,Recommended,227300,28955073,Posted: 2 January,all,Victoren,"Played this a lot in my friend's house. (Don't take my in-game time record, that's because only now I bought it)Put Captain Tractor, Big and Rich or any country/country-rock band/songs and be happy, that's how you play this game."
,Recommended,227300,29021056,Posted: 4 January,all,Kelvin Crawl,I'm continously crashing into traffic10/10 would create chaos again
,Recommended,227300,5781981,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,RodolfoO | ™,Jogo maravilhoso e com o G27 junto fica perfeito. RECOMENDO!
,Recommended,227300,13822272,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,JRCOBRA,Supprisingly good. Has nice progression and a lot of customization options for your trucks. Watch out for stealth German speed cameras and AI drivers that like to stop in the middle of the road for no bloody reason though. Also French toll road crossing gaurds are stronger then they look.
,Recommended,227300,22917743,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,darkbochi,"While driving a truck in a countryside might not be the cup of tea for some, it is easily one of the most chill games out there. Great steering wheel support and you can even turn on a selection of online radio in-game. The only thing I find disturbing is the massive DLC dump in store page. You only need Going East! and Scandinavia DLCs for a bigger map. Rest of the DLCs are somewhat trash."
,Recommended,227300,34760480,Posted: 5 September,all,Marterzon,">Driving the truck at 80+mph while pretending to run over ""economic migrants"" in CaliasD E V I L I S H"
,Recommended,227300,34830551,Posted: 8 September,all,skysen,yeah good driving game with mod
76561198139802261,Recommended,227300,12523910,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Tuborglarsen,I really like this game.
76561198368432630,Recommended,227300,34565186,Posted: 28 August,all,andrewmccormack,good
,Recommended,227300,8517286,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,- Screammy,Joguinho relaxxxx. Muito bom.
76561198022876505,Recommended,227300,14489735,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Nooch,fun
76561198155494605,Recommended,227300,14498931,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Origin  [RO],the good
,Recommended,227300,13744792,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Slayer Jim,"This is by far the most swag game on Steam. You have to use your turning signals, that's how swag this game is."
,Recommended,227300,10166312,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,[3]..violencE^\w/,"Is a good game, now with the multiplayer mod, this game is enchance to a whole new level of driving with mates and doing convoys."
,Recommended,227300,12390330,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,VenoM ★,"After 40 hours at this game, I can say that this gotta be the most boring game ever... But no matter how bored this game gets me, I keep comming back. I recommend to buy it tho. its not the funniest game but it kills time."
76561198327505867,Recommended,227300,28120799,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ayham151,best game. but they add new parts and engines for volvo FH classicand add buy a trailer feature that you can buy a trailer and load cargoes on it
,Recommended,227300,28117609,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,The Iron Son,On the road again!!!
,Recommended,227300,31785079,Posted: 16 May,all,Spicy Shrek,Speed violation simulator 2017
,Recommended,227300,16832064,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Finalmastergamer,Great game... I do reccomend it... P.S If your like me and you want to make it really simulatod... buy the logitech g27ALSOREALLY SCS SOFTWARECome onyou can do better then thatFirst add alot more pedistriansand second we already payed 19 $$$ for the god damm gameyet your forcing us to pay 11 more $$$ for sweden and countrys like that
,Recommended,227300,14713312,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,TheDantee - ダンテー,I have played this game for well over 100 hours and I have to say I love it. They Country Side is beautiful and the players online are nice! I would rate this game a 9/10 add the reason it's not a 10/10 is because their is very little choice of trucks.I dislike some users online for purposley hitting your truck or go the wrong way. Fortunatly the online mod comes with moderators to ban them but sometimes it is just not fast enough. Single Player is great although it could use more traffic on the roads and make diffrent vehicles driving fast/slow. Overall I would recommend this game to anyone who like driving for hours upon end and who like having the ability to customize a vehicle to its full potential. This game is great to waste time or just have fun with friends onoine doing convoys and exploring others peoples designs. The game should be brought down in price though but it's only worth getting if you buy the going east dlc!
76561198173124371,Recommended,227300,15592725,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,boeingfan727,"Absolutly stunning. Sim city 4 has set dorment on my computer since I bought this game. Today im sitting here in awe at the level of detail this game goes into. I had a building on fire, across the tracks on a one way road. Fire truck stuck in traffic. Instead of trecking up the street in the traffic the fire fighters got out and walked, or I like to think ran up the street to battle the blaze. Its little things like that, that blow my mind. I've speant hours just trying to construct the primative base of a transportation network. This isn't something like Sim City you can slap down and let the people make a route. You have to create the route and make things work. Its just a gorgeous game! A million thumbs up! This is the game any city simulation lover has been waiting for!!!!"
,Recommended,227300,31856328,Posted: 20 May,all,Paul Blart II - CivilGamers.com,"My God, Allah, once said to me ""My name is Jeff"" so I decided to purchase this game."
,Recommended,227300,24062883,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Jeebus,GG
,Recommended,227300,32918442,Posted: 28 June,all,Cosma,Best simulator game.
76561198097858258,Recommended,227300,25622101,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Charles,Jogo top.
,Recommended,227300,25610730,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Aryan Lion,Great game
76561198255152242,Recommended,227300,25552931,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,hendrik.brons,"The game is absolutely great, and with ProMods, it gets even better with almost all of Europe included!"
,Recommended,227300,31879168,Posted: 21 May,all,Sloth GoD !?,Simply the best game ever !
,Recommended,227300,9902495,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,CheeseCake °L°,"Why am I still playing this Game? D:There must be something addicting to it, buy it! NOW!"
76561198019186948,Recommended,227300,28942018,Posted: 2 January,all,nneeo,very good game
76561198152469950,Recommended,227300,22708243,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,mr transport 2002,I think it excellent for young truck spotters that want to be a truck driver
,Recommended,227300,22711531,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ManOfNantucket,133 hours played and still enjoing it.  Need I say more?
76561198135002401,Recommended,227300,22702623,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,A Cuppa Tea,"This has got to be the best driving sim out there, especially if you like Trucks.SCS have done a brilliant job with this one, I've yet to try the American Truck Simulator, but it does look as good if not better.I've spent over 200 hours playing this and I know other people have spent 1000s of hours on this, just look at other reviews and you will see.So I would recommend this to anyone who likes driving sims."
,Recommended,227300,7921188,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,TAR KUS,"Do you like big trucks? Do you like Europe? Are you willing to eat sleep and♥♥♥♥♥♥behind a wheel of 10 tonne road monster? Are you willing to deliver a giant tank of gasoline from Paris to Glasgow? If the answer is yes, this game is just for you. A beatiful environment, active community and an actual developers who listen to the fans, this game have all the things a car simulation game has to offer. Be sure to turn off that damn parking brake."
,Recommended,227300,17311874,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Savage | kickback.com BETS.gg,Very chill game. turn on radio and just drive.
,Recommended,227300,28131580,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MrSteakPotato,Trucks..
,Recommended,227300,13441039,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Tony Montana,"Honestly, its better than expected. The visuals are stunning and its so smooth. Massive world to explore and is great fun.i recommend it! if your bored this is a game for you, on sale at the moment (19/12/14) so go buy :D"
76561198062972313,Recommended,227300,8007606,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Chipmunk of Vengeance,"No doubt that Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a great game, it can be very addidictive and can keep you occupied for hours on end. However the game does have it's downside, scale, 1 Mile in this game is equivilant to 100 yards in the real world and that's the only downfall. But again it is a great game despite this."
76561198013132245,Recommended,227300,9784513,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,huminado,"Mindless fun.  Can't stop playing!It does get very close to tedious - but not quite.  My favorite part of the game is about 4:00am when the sun is just beginning to glow on the dark horizon - they did a good job with the lighting and the moods throughout the game.  The cities are practially the same, except some nice landmarks and traffic architectures (like roundabouts - which I hate in real life, and hate in the game too).  Overall an excellent tool for training anyone who wants to learn driivng, but it's also a fun game experience.  There's also in-game real radio European radio stations via the internet connection.  I like driving and listening to German or other stations.In all - if you don't have time for a road trip, this game just begins to scratch that itch."
76561197993657854,Recommended,227300,16734230,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,neetneet,"Driving COOL truck ,travling Euro roads,Fighting speed camera,unloading **** goods,manageing your Company.Hiring all woman driver,.11/10 worth it"
,Recommended,227300,17139101,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,deprestis,"pros:-very relaxing-nice gameplay-good detail-awesome simoulatorcons:-can get a bit monotonous or repetitive (but thats the point)-you get bare bullied for playing it by your edgy friends who play black cops 13 or something-not enough ♥♥♥♥ing dlc's10/10 - the guardianps: hurry up and make greece paint job pack or add the map to the gam otherwise i will murder your family, devs, lol joking but seriously do it you ♥♥♥♥♥ what you waiting for"
,Recommended,227300,22475308,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Bright_Foal,"aweome game, having a blast,"
,Recommended,227300,13986928,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Serathis[HUN],"I don't know why, but this thing is a lot of fun. Get it."
,Recommended,227300,27345527,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shojun94,Great game to get your ready for driver's licence exam :P
,Recommended,227300,29013440,Posted: 4 January,all,FenerX,"Hmmm I don't really know what to say but I say this... It is one of my favourite games, some might say its boring ""Oh you just deliver cargo from place to place"", theres more to it, you build your company etc but forget that, this game is just so relaxing! Especially if you have a wheel, this game is just so awesome, I'm addicted to this game lmao.10/10 - Happy Trucking"
,Recommended,227300,8485299,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,max.eisert,I like it. Several years ago I bought 18 wheels of steel - American Long Haul. This is much improved in graphics and possibilities. Of course basically it remains the same game.
76561197970500688,Recommended,227300,15864184,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,BrickTop,"One of those games you wouldn't expect to like yet manages to become one of the most played games you will own, Minutes turn into hours trying to finish one more delivery feeling pleased with yourself that you managed go over the speed limit and drive like a madman for most of the journey without having some horrific crash that wipes out the past few hours profits in repair bills!at least ... that's how I play anyway :)10/10 all round!  do yourself a favour and add this classic to your collection with or without the DLC's."
76561198022700754,Recommended,227300,35346095,Posted: 30 September,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,good game
,Recommended,227300,27880834,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,20Ratchet,"For the first time ever, I didn't have to jump on top of a truck to migrate across europe!"
,Recommended,227300,12153702,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Monster Mash,"This game is fun, and multiplayer is out! So you can drive around and play with your friends!!!9/10!"
76561198012017193,Recommended,227300,13933878,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Zwajo,"A beautiful game that will cost you hours of your life!  It really feels like you driving those big rigs trying to make the deadlines.Pros: great graphicsengaging business sim sidechallenging enough to be fun without making you miserable trying to figure out what went wrong.a realistic or arcade-ish as you choose to make it.  (turn signals shifting traffic laws not mandatory)Cons:  Its a truck driving sim you pick up a  load and drive to a drop off.. over and over and over.  If that not your thing     that in and of itself is a game killing con.All told this game easily rates a 9/10 imo  the only reason it doesn't get 10/10 is there is no on the fly generation (road work is always in the same place and weather, rain only, doens't actually affect much game play wise.  would be nice to see snow and ice and weather that does change game play dynamics, that and road work that randomly spawns making route selection more intresting.EDIT*  The DLC's are mostly just skins for your truck and will never pop up on other vehicles in game.. IMO this needs to be changed because as is there is really no point to owning multiple skin packs."
76561198376882824,Recommended,227300,31705050,Posted: 12 May,all,FeXq,Like a Boss
76561198010602315,Recommended,227300,25675562,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,kuruoshii-kage,its biglooks goodbut... dont fall asleep while driving....
76561198060773942,Recommended,227300,18314484,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ptr,10/10
,Recommended,227300,28703484,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jhems | aimware.ga,Im colour blind I can't see the traffic lights :(
,Recommended,227300,1808918,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,PainHeaven,I advise you to play this game! She's just beautiful!
,Recommended,227300,8447589,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Peanits,"Unlike most games which boast ""Simulator"" in the name, ETS2 does it right. Visually, it's not bad. The default physics are a bit off, but there's plenty of community mods to make the trucks handle better and lean in corners. Modding could not be easier. You seriously just have to drop one .scs file into the mods folder, and then check a box in-game to enable them.It's paced very well. After one or two short jobs, you can get a loan to buy your own truck. Then it pretty much becomes entirely open world. It's not watered down by useless features. You drive trucks to make money, buy more depots and trucks, hire drivers, and have them earn you money. There's a basic skill system which allows you to find more skilled jobs (long distance, high value, explosive, etc.)It's really casual. You don't have to get super into it to have fun. It's also one of the most relaxing games I have ever played, and I'd totally recommend it. I would NOT, however, recommend the ""Going East"" DLC, since it's pretty much an expansion to the map. There's a bunch of much bigger map mods available for free, including TSM, which adds loads of cities, roads, and even expands down to Africa."
76561198012815385,Recommended,227300,7464279,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,neededlotus5,yes i highly recommend this game to anyone who likes truck driving and buisness sim games and a plus is the radio is connected to the internet.( note just the radio not the game itself))the game is single player only..
76561198267867528,Recommended,227300,33628588,Posted: 18 July,all,EzeD csgoblocks.com,This Game Is Very Good For Those Gamers Who Like Simulator Games! (Really Good Grafic)
,Recommended,227300,28995418,Posted: 3 January,all,Davetron2121,It did seem boring at first but is now one of the best simulators I have played so farProsImmersive scenic enviromentDetailed vehicle interiorsConvincing physicsThough some people might prefer other games but is very addictive to someI love this game
,Recommended,227300,32768660,Posted: 25 June,all,ムZytexム,"Why do I even like this game? I really can't tell you why, but I do!"
,Recommended,227300,31759457,Posted: 14 May,all,eduardo_507,So relaxing.
76561198159616029,Recommended,227300,34358830,Posted: 19 August,all,Schnitzelmann,"Euro Truck Simulator is actually a game where you just drive around and see an environment that repeats itself after some time. But somehow, this game is great.You start your career to become a  trucker legend by driving different cargos around, upgrade your truck, garage and after some time you can let other employees do your job. If you haven´t enough time, then you just can easily cheat unlimited money or use mods. And then you drive around, from North to South, from East to West. And if the vanilla map- what is actually only Central Europe and some cities more Eastern and in UK- is too small for you, you can buy one of these countless DlC´s to expand your discoverable map or to have more patterns to paint your truck.Yeah, this sounds very boring, but (I don´t know why) this game is great, especially the multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,227300,25823220,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,The Senate,"Really, it depends what you like. Personally, I didn't get much fun out of this game, however I do appreciate the work on the graphics and driving mechanics. If you want a relatively relaxing game that doesn't require too much brain power, then this game might be great for you. However I quickly got bored with it, and settled for more exciting games."
,Recommended,227300,7741505,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Autositz,"A very good simulation game. Luckily Timmy hasn't put any hand on it, else this game would have maybe been even better. ;)"
,Recommended,227300,33145526,Posted: 2 July,all,BlackMoris,Awww
,Recommended,227300,19533468,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,boanoitevermes,11 hours of gameplay and I'm still trying to park my first truck.10/10 would keep on truckin'
,Recommended,227300,17359218,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,FREE SHKRELI,actualy pretty fun when you just want to relax
,Recommended,227300,25740006,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,rokbras,Good game.
,Recommended,227300,20361374,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Mad-Cat,fun♥♥♥♥♥game when u get board of something this is the best game or to kill time best game did not know i have played all ready 30.9hrs and all i have done was 4 missons XD
,Recommended,227300,10364824,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,earthIsDiscus,The ultimate and most accurate test to see if you have autism10/10
76561198086577753,Recommended,227300,12393455,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Danatz,Bad A.I. simulator 2014.Would crash and burn again.12/10
,Recommended,227300,23790192,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,⭐⭐Paims⭐⭐,Game very nice very fun i like i want play all days
,Recommended,227300,20159181,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mr.Husky #TeamBOOMBabY!,9/10
76561198094270424,Recommended,227300,15064244,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,МихаилZ,Thanks to devs for Linux and Russian language!
,Recommended,227300,17385470,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,hauser,♥♥♥♥ you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,7876297,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Pharticus Maximus,"Whoa, this game is great! When you read the game it seems liek it may be boring, but it is far from it. Very fun game where you of course drive trucks, but you also have a bunch of other things to do such as create your own company, buy your own truck and then fleet of trucks, build your base(company buildings, garage, etc.). Pretty detailed simulation, but not too much for a new player like me. Try it out, you will not regret it. Take a job, Turn on the radio in your truck and choose from 50+ live radio stations in all languages and types of music, then relax and drive your truck and cargo to the destination and get paid!"
,Recommended,227300,13129895,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Equinox💕,Really fun realistic truck simulator.
,Recommended,227300,2145963,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Rose,"There are only a few truck simulator games and, to date, this one is the best of them. It may not appeal to the general public, even though it has simplified controls as one of the options, but if you're interested in trucks or simply truck simulators, this game should not disappoint you. Euro Truck Simulator 2 offers a variety of genuine trucks by known manufacturers like Volvo and Renault to choose from, a lot of seemingly well-made roads between many European cities and countries, decent physics, online radio stations as well as the ability to use music from your own collection, changing weather conditions, native support for gaming steering wheel controllers, working fueling stations, company and driver management as well as couple of other things. The graphics may not be great, but they are good enough to enjoy the game."
76561198097691085,Recommended,227300,8696428,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,AngryJebus,"I absolutely LOVE this game! If you are looking for a realistic game, then this is a must buy! I literally cannot emphasize how good this game is!"
,Recommended,227300,33261454,Posted: 4 July,all,[ BK ] MehdiAnti,"ETS2 iS A good Game, I Recommend you get iT"
,Recommended,227300,594936,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,GrumpyOldGamer.net,I think this is a very good Sim! I Have one of their oldergames and am glad I bought this new game!EDIT ADDED: OMG I found a Multi player Mod!!! Now this game is AMAZING!https://ets2mp.com/
,Recommended,227300,31251152,Posted: 20 April,all,JustyG,ISIS Ramming Simulator 2017
,Recommended,227300,17003187,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,☹sadboi☹,>be me>happily playing Euro truck sim 2>crusing at 55mph>ugly ♥♥♥♥ing car overtakes me>the chase is on>catches up with car>crashes into it>truck is on side blocking full road>today was a good day
76561198071622022,Recommended,227300,16063909,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Koz,10/10
76561198080384302,Recommended,227300,9078877,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Callidus,"Absolutely Awesome, Wanna drive then do so It is Incredible to play and a good way to kill any time!:D"
,Recommended,227300,8465995,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Diamond,"I have not yet played the original Euro Truck Simulator, but boy, this one's good. The graphics are great for a simulator, and the physics are very realistic. The array of camera angles would make some great scenes for a Youtube video, and going into a quarry to drop off large pipes can be quite ""interesting"".The only nitpick i have about this game is sometimes the horn sounds are quite soft, but that's about it.Buy this game when there's a sale :D-Diamond"
,Recommended,227300,22927551,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Keso,It is really fun!!!!
,Recommended,227300,10420588,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Karlyto,Its a really good simulator I recommend to buy this game for everyone.
76561198162770417,Recommended,227300,31617405,Posted: 7 May,all,Borny Hoobs,I'm thinking about absolutely nothing but transporting cargoes nowbtw i Don think it worth the full price
,Recommended,227300,33187416,Posted: 3 July,all,A fat cat,"I haven't played this much, but it's a very calming and enjoyable game. You just drive and listen to real radio from all over Europe, and make deliveries. Earn money from said deliveries, upgrade your company. Very peaceful game, I definitely recommend."
,Recommended,227300,33272867,Posted: 5 July,all,XAVIER WULF - VIOLENT 2JZ サン,very cool gameand also nice. xd
,Recommended,227300,24363545,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Big Lez,"ITS NICE IN FRANCE,"
76561198046714378,Recommended,227300,23909698,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Cheeman342,YOU NEED THIS IN YOUR LIFE!
,Recommended,227300,13952333,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Cowiië,I'm Having Fun In This Game. WHY AM I HAVING FUN IN THIS GAME?EXPLAIN YOURSELF GAME!There Is A Trucker In All Of Us
,Recommended,227300,21914177,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Beavernuts,america is better
,Recommended,227300,8736160,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Oranges,"Euro Truck Simulator is a very fun, yet still hard game. It mixes good times with anger and frustration a bit too well (as if it was intentional). But anyways, this game is honestly great."
,Recommended,227300,16510843,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SajBear,I can't belive it! I'm actually having fun! :D :D
,Recommended,227300,18436455,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,3rdEyeRio [Alpha Theater],"SInce getting this game I've been having fun with it!  You sorta have to relearn how to drive cause you will drive on the other side of the road sometimes. Overall, fantastic game that keep syou coming back!The trucks are very nice and also the loads are pretty sweet too!The only weakness is that the penalties are kinda harsh, and its very easy to run out of money. But with time and practice, you will have a Trucking Good Empire! (Stormtroopers Not Included)"
,Recommended,227300,12416998,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Nateydog001,"Great game, the most hilarious thing about has to be the AI :) Defiantly worth being the best simulator game EVER. Keep up the good work SCS, I have high standards for American Truck Simulator :)"
76561198024500228,Recommended,227300,8402596,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Kenco,"By far the best simulation game you will ever play, game speaks for itself need to say no more.."
,Recommended,227300,24439918,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Swag Doctor,"It's a fun game, and very relaxing. But it fails to recognise my Xbox One controller most of the time. When it does, it does not allow any input at all from the controller or the keyboard until I unplug the controller.It is only an alright game. The good outweighs the bad, but I still wouldn't give this a 100% score."
,Recommended,227300,13338883,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Kawasaki Teriyaki Anarchy,"This is a really chill and relaxing game. I originally brought this game because I thought it was a dumb and goofy simulator but I learned to love it and enjoy it (pretty good for $3 which is what I brought it for). So if you like casually driving down a highway, while listenng to music (Just chilling and what not) then I personally recommended this game to you.TL;DRThis game is fun and relaxing and is not a goofy♥♥♥♥♥simulator"
76561198080315146,Recommended,227300,22450867,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Eau Rouge♞,+
,Recommended,227300,24408711,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,an_ster,no comment
,Recommended,227300,15721239,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,The girl with the Torment Tattoo,I've been really surprised by how good this game is. The early game before you get your own truck isn't that great but once you do it is wonderfully cathartic just driving around europe.
,Recommended,227300,13440131,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ddd,"Good game but a litle bit boring because as a truck driver we have a few things to do, just drive.A big problem I found playing it's drivinh fines, If I pass +1km that the limit im punished with -400€, driving with lights off too, etc. This game has a lot of driving fines which is bad since this is a game.I hope better versions's coming. Keep your good work, ZeRo3"
,Recommended,227300,7470886,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Saint Satan,This game turns hours into minutes.  Euro Truck 2 should be boring but it's not.  It's a very relaxing game and it completely absorbs you.  Recommended if you like driving/racing games.9/10 so far
,Recommended,227300,8156045,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,MoonMan | #MAGA,Comfy
,Recommended,227300,11922983,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,FRANK,I totally recommend this game for thoe who got boring a lot. The game got perfect Graphics and you can do everything like a truck can. so i recommend this game!
,Recommended,227300,10982933,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Krpajda,"The ultimate trucker. Best on the market.Huge map of Europe? Check.About a dozen of ways to control the game? Check.Recognizable roads and places? Check.Truck customization? Check.Add a tycoon-ish element, and an ability to just casually drive in the same game save, great sales, and developer adding new content, some of it even for free.Only thing that i can whine about is the visible order in which the map was created. Highways in Germany, which you have to use on virtually every delivery job, are really steps into the dark as far as map design goes, with a lot of unrealistically sharp turns. But you won't even mind when driving speed limit.Do get this game, even if you are not a fan of the genre."
76561198098978853,Recommended,227300,8149599,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,seanb327,this game is amazing and passes time by so quickly
,Recommended,227300,13176585,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,87th Foot Maj. Bell,"This is going to be my shortest review in history, because I honestly cannot figure out why the hell I like this game so much.But I love it.What do you do? You drive trucks around Europe. That's all! Sure there is a business management thing and all of that, but at the base level, that's ALL you do.I have been swearing at AI drivers as much as I do real people on my way to work. I watch my speed limit, signal between lanes,  I do all of the things I do on my daily commute.But I am in a truck, in Europe, carrying some form of acid in a trailer....and I love it. It's like Zen, road ragey Zen. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥what is wrong with me? 10 out of 10...no sarcasm, just confusion. Like ""College Sexuality"" level confusion. Get this."
,Recommended,227300,16246759,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Mr. Bear,i feel more confidant about how driving on the road works (im too young to drive at this time).
76561198347491593,Recommended,227300,31728566,Posted: 13 May,all,✪ smithie,Best Game!!!! <3
,Recommended,227300,28908766,Posted: 1 January,all,FrictionlessPortals,good
,Recommended,227300,28906354,Posted: 1 January,all,Outfit,Excelent Simulator !!!
,Recommended,227300,29899067,Posted: 13 February,all,Pacov,Awesome game..
,Recommended,227300,25810940,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SinD,I♥♥♥♥♥♥kids 24/7
76561198001117531,Recommended,227300,23456445,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,БИЛЕ-САМИ,malman para speli
,Recommended,227300,34516543,Posted: 26 August,all,zappyb1tch,Barcelona
,Recommended,227300,33240238,Posted: 4 July,all,cars are nice,dank
76561198289533022,Recommended,227300,33593482,Posted: 16 July,all,Vienkārši Rihards,"A good game to play to just chill.Nearly no effort needed.A lot of Pay2Win stuff, for example the DLC's n stuff.But you can still atleast buy something without spending any more money.Can play with friends aswell."
76561198028506199,Recommended,227300,8129001,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Bren926,you drive a truck across a huge♥♥♥♥♥map and get mad at how bad you are at it.
,Recommended,227300,10510975,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Slumpdog,This is a great game cant wait for multiplayer there is no players on the US!!!
,Recommended,227300,12027541,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,xxxstefxxx,"they added the pro cruise control  , waaaaaw , now its just like in the real trucks ,  you have to assign the buttons yourself for it to work , its awesome  ,  you dont have to press the pedal anymore until you reach the wanted speed ,   just put it in the right gear    turn cruise c  on    set your wanted speed   and done  . waaaaw  ."
76561198089926780,Recommended,227300,13814502,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,"Slob on my knob, boi","UhNot too sure what to write here so heres a recipe for Pancakes insteadIngredients:1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour3 tablespoons sugar1 tablespoon baking powder1/4 teaspoon salt1/8 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg2 large eggs, at room temperature1 1/4 cups milk, at room temperature1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as neededNow to make it1. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg.2. In another bowl, beat the eggs and then whisk in the milk and vanilla.3. Melt the butter in a large cast iron skillet or griddle over medium heat.4. Whisk the butter into the milk mixture. Add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture, and whisk until a thick batter is just formed5. Keeping the skillet at medium heat, ladle about 1/4 cup of the batter onto the skillet, to make a pancake. Make 1 or 2 more pancakes, taking care to keep them evenly spaced apart. Cook, until bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, and the undersides are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip with a spatula and cook about 1 minute more on the second side. Serve immediately or transfer to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter, adding more butter to the skillet as needed.6. Procedure for adding fruit to pancakes: Once the bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, scatter the surface with sliced or diced fruit, or chocolate chips, nuts, etc. Flip with a spatula and cook for 1 minute more, being careful not to burn toppings."
76561197967203702,Recommended,227300,9400713,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,spike30001,Amazing Best Simulator period buy it A+++
,Recommended,227300,23104113,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,SkyLineBg,"Have 25 euros in ur pocket, but u dont know what 2 do with them? I have a solution!Go to the store, get coke or something to drink with your 5 euros, go back home, open steam, spent 20 euros on this game and start enjoying.9.5/10 - The game is awesome, there are some thing that the creators can work on, but everything is so real. Soo many dlcs' - they r also so cheap! Ton of workshop things 4 free to make your game look prettier, also, multiplayer aviable - yaay! Driving along the world and discovering new roads and cities and countries with you friends, doesnt it sounds cool, huh?Defenetly recommended! :)Dont play multiplayer if u dont have money (2mil) its total trash. You cant, ITS JUST IMPOSSIBLE, to deliver something in multyplayer without damage on the truck and the delivery."
76561198137554628,Recommended,227300,31684292,Posted: 11 May,all,The Noble 027,The best game for when you just wanna chill.
,Recommended,227300,13255546,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Nedy👽 #BACK,The best Truck simulator i ever played !
,Recommended,227300,13475195,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dan,Best simulator for ever!!!
,Recommended,227300,13801002,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,H.I. McDunnough,"TIL I should never be a truck driver.  I drove on the wrong side of the road (I'm an American) slammed into a semi, totalled my truck had to pay 7,000 EU in damages.10/10"
,Recommended,227300,15303086,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,SEPPDROID,"this is one of my favorite games, beacuse it has no end :Di want steam to nominate this game cuz its golden :D8.5/10"
76561198314673563,Recommended,227300,28705637,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,♛Guro♛™,good game :)
,Recommended,227300,33611238,Posted: 17 July,all,✪dmdZEW  #TeamZurli,good!
,Recommended,227300,8319030,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jai,nyees
,Recommended,227300,20567227,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,crN-,"Are you not that fast 2 race with absolute monster cars? Well here, get this if you don´t like america.. :!)"
,Recommended,227300,11113995,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Fight Aaaaaah,Played 10 hours straight yesterday.'nuff said.:D
,Recommended,227300,26494551,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Schon239 N.O.D,"Wow, that old review was so corny to read. Anyway, to the actual review.I run this game on a 9 year old Laptop on Medium-High graphics with no problem.If you're into fun, relaxing, & stress-leaving games, this one is for you, & ATS of course.I can't give a rating on the graphics until I go on the Ultra setting, but for the High graphics,I give it a 8.5/10.Game play is great, I like how each truck feels different in every way. Like the Scania's handling sucks, & the Volvo FH's turning speed sucks.The map is huge with all the DLC's. (Going East, Scandinavia, & Vive La France)But i don't know if everyone has the money to buy all three, luckily, the base map is also pretty large.Then there's the Multiplayer mod, it's best to get a second profile to use it. Because you'll find yourself getting hit by everyone.Hopefully you guys find this review more helpful than the last one. I'll give this a solid 10/10. There is legit nothing I can find wrong with it,"
,Recommended,227300,13660281,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,sauce,suprisingly easy to masturbate to
,Recommended,227300,18470210,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,King WooZy,"Drive, relax and enoy your ride."
,Recommended,227300,29541845,Posted: 28 January,all,TheExplosion3,"has addon that changes traffic tickets to 1 euro, can speed or crash as much as wanted. 1000/10 game"
,Recommended,227300,25867029,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TeRRoR,Very nice game
,Recommended,227300,28768558,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kangaroo csgoroll.com,tbtbtbbt
,Recommended,227300,20213950,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Savior,best truck simulator ever
76561197967370592,Recommended,227300,20733799,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,THE WOLF,nice relaxing game
,Recommended,227300,30377070,Posted: 7 March,all,MarKaBoY,Best game !
,Recommended,227300,8495752,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Cookies,"IF yah like simulators, this one is gud :)"
76561198066570391,Recommended,227300,10012964,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,GHV2,Awesome game
76561198125977721,Recommended,227300,9774927,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Chase,this game is awesome
,Recommended,227300,10591903,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Zombiespire,"All around me, my social life is surrounded with people of the age 15 and 1/2. They rocket away and study the DMV to get their permits as fast as the wind allowed. They acheive their permits, and in 6 months they eagerly earn their licenses, and laugh of their driving adventures and mistakes, while also giving me, another friend, a ride when he needs it.I never had much desire to drive, it just felt like a dangerous chore to me. Study a painfully long book (which I was doing but with little commitment and speed, took me nearly a year to actually finish it) take a hard test, go onto the road and just be pressured all the time. I was far too lazy to even get through the book and tests, it was tedious and boring. As time went on, I was nearly 16 and 1/2, even lacking a permit. And so many situations would have been made easier if I got it earlier, but I had usually had to take advantage of someone who could drive, in some shape or form. A lot of times it was my parents, which just felt worse depending on the distance.One day bored, I decide to play Euro Truck Simulator 2 out of boredom, starting up I realize I know most of the basic driving laws at this point let's try this game out. I was hooked. The goals of striving for a new truck, or a new business upgrade kept the game alive. But a lot of fun wasn't the only thing that got me, I had gained the desire and confidence to drive.I skimmed through the rest of the book, took the practice test, passed, and then went to the DMV and passed the real permit test first try (barely). At this point I still have my permit, but if it wasn't for Euro Truck Simulator 2, there is a very good chance I would still be slacking off and hardly touching the book, thank you Euro Truck."
,Recommended,227300,10572703,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,B.,Simply amazing. BUY IT!
,Recommended,227300,8434149,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,rpkpmp1,The game is amazing!
76561198026823853,Recommended,227300,26870875,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Powered By Alajaama,"It's an fun way to kill your time, at least for me. I don't play this very often but if I don't have anything to do then it's a good way."
,Recommended,227300,9305483,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,[Vault] Matt,Greta game. WOrth every penny :)
,Recommended,227300,17091068,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Kaiser Wolf,"░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░ THIS IS TOM▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ ░░▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀ ░░ COPY AND PASTE HIM,░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░ SO, HE CAN TAKE░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░ OVER Steam░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░This is an awesome game, and tom must rule the world"
76561198050901472,Recommended,227300,5504238,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,[31-4634] Albin,This game is one of those best car games I've played. It has almost everything that a real truck has. Something that I think would be that is quite important is theemergency brake. Volvo and Scania actually have emergency brake IRL so should this game also have it. ETS2 get 90/100
76561198112709124,Recommended,227300,17277641,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Stugo,"Ive gotta say. This is one the best sims for anything on steam. Not only does it have the relaxation part to it while maintaining fun and realism, it also has multiplayer now!!!!! With that you can have fun with your friends and explore Europe with them. Not only that but there is a large ammount of DLC and mods to make your gameplay even more fun!"
76561198112055120,Recommended,227300,14556971,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,F-22,FUN
76561197983681400,Recommended,227300,18280384,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,mwebby,i should hate this game but i love it
76561198133191220,Recommended,227300,18284397,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Black_fox,Amazin!!! Just amazing details you can run it on low graphics and its still amazing!!! I highly recommend this game!
76561197983869428,Recommended,227300,18285188,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Lefty,Sick for 2 weeks lots of NyQuil and ETS210/10
,Recommended,227300,18288368,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,PSO2 is High Quality Anime,Somehow fun!
,Recommended,227300,18291455,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,aka_NuMBaT,great game
76561198182149097,Recommended,227300,18292460,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,bebras,cool Game
,Recommended,227300,18276152,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,HugJug,"wow much great singpleplayer game very immersive as a sim should be. It isn't even alpha its a finsihed game that works, yay."
76561198208645375,Recommended,227300,18277614,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,gamesforlife1234,such a good open world game i reccormend it
,Recommended,227300,14220882,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,sharlatty,No fajna gra (y)
,Recommended,227300,29939015,Posted: 15 February,all,Iridium,"This game is terrible.PROS:- Nothing, it sucksCONS:- You can't aim down sights- You can't run- There are no scorestreaks- You can't upgrade your weapons- You can't prestiege- Where is my UAV?- It isn't CODIn conclusion, this game sucks. I literally can't even manage to force myself to play more than 10 minutes of this game because it is so bad. If you want a good Driving Simulator I suggest you go and purchase Overwatch, Minecraft or Ace Of Spades."
76561198095798122,Recommended,227300,13699987,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,[PCC] Rolando Cubela,Very nice truck driving game! One of the best simulatore out there! The map is just huge and the roads are just great!Just one bad thing - The lights on cars work a bit wierd.. You can see the car lights from far away and stuff like that. but thats the only bad thing i can say about this game! Just buy this game!
,Recommended,227300,16740659,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,St. Patrick,It's a good game with a very nice scenery and a very good graphic.
76561198175389983,Recommended,227300,22908958,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,♫<--Py§ch˘0-->♫™,gooooodddd
,Recommended,227300,22753890,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Shrocket,One of the best simulators out there.
76561198196502965,Recommended,227300,22747366,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,BOT Ivo,i love this game :))
76561198157054066,Recommended,227300,22751630,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,mUSTANG55,So good!!!
76561197986677647,Recommended,227300,20187746,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,The Mighty Rat Slayer,This is a nice break from Global Offensive.  It is an oddly relaxing game.
,Recommended,227300,22795608,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Toxic Panda,This is a very realisic game and it is the best simulator that I have ever played!
,Recommended,227300,22795925,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,no,Good game simulator. :)
76561198159536060,Recommended,227300,20978055,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Pakalu Papito,When i played this game my friend thought i was dead for abit turns out i was playing this game10/10 would have no life again
,Recommended,227300,18570730,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Deal,is good
,Recommended,227300,27508103,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Strelec,"Chill and Relaxed game, just driving through Europe. The sights are enjoyable, and the game isn't all that difficult - but you can't be dozing off behind the wheel!I've spent quite a bit more time in this game than I ever thought I would.ACHIEVEMENTS: I haven't gotten 100% yet, but it definitely isn't something difficult. Takes a bit of time, but if you enjoy a relaxed game like this, spending a few hours here and there will add up. Don't start this looking for a quick 100% though."
,Recommended,227300,20201030,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,A L E X andrul,"Nice game,"
,Recommended,227300,15888816,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Seko Rocketter,Euro Truck Simulator 250% please..
,Recommended,227300,20100354,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,-SmackDaK1nG-,"The best truck simulator in the world. Very, very realistic game, and really addicting. i definetly recommend it! Excellent work from the producers and developers!"
,Recommended,227300,4142953,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Elite Ewok,"Drive your truck all across Europe. Amass a trucking empire shifting freight from Germany to Poland. Haul Whiskey from Scotland to Switzerland. Or just drive around crashing into cars, repairing your cab every 5 minutes.A very good passtime. A large range of mods are available and easily installable. Give it a go and see how long you can drive without crashing, can you park that trailer with ease? NO? didn't think so..."
76561198044899001,Recommended,227300,19859434,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Anders122,fun fun
,Recommended,227300,19895017,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,BiLLy,I wish if the graphics is better. For now I will be waiting for American truck simulator. Rate 7/10
,Recommended,227300,19900669,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Erufen Rito,I started as a newspaper delivery boy.Then I bought this game.I am now making $40k a year and I can't explain why I have this cap on my head all the time.
76561198097647301,Recommended,227300,19992918,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The MoRi | pvpro.com,s
,Recommended,227300,19993503,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,eXX ONE,A little bit hard but it`s a very nice games
,Recommended,227300,19880108,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Wilfred BigTuna,Euro Drunk Driving Simulator 210/10Would drink and drive again.
76561198119280576,Recommended,227300,17572688,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,HevanlyRealms7,Brill!
,Recommended,227300,24434812,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ianutd,the best sim i have ever played. there is no replay value as it is ongoing forever and so many mods and add-ons and a large community of players. I didn't think i would like a sim truck game (seeing as i like rpg) but this (GAME) has taken me in 10/10
,Recommended,227300,24434091,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,SmokeY,"Awesome and very addictive game! U can chill and HF, but better learn to drive as soon as possible. AND DONT GRIEF IN MULTIPLAYER! hehe xd [2 wasted mins for writing this.. yay]"
,Recommended,227300,17342777,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,arri1234,"Its on of 'the' best simulators in the whole steam community. In my opinion their are to much simulators. Like grass simulator. Only downpoint is that the game can be played with keyboard or xbox-controller but it is far from the same as an steering wheel like the G27. I started with keyboard that was pretty bad. Then bought an xbox controller Mkay not bad, not good. Last step I bought an steering wheel and I am sold to this game!9.75/10"
76561198337041321,Recommended,227300,28770758,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,xXPentaticon.3o,"I DON""T SNESDSAD"
,Recommended,227300,28770872,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nanjel,gg
,Recommended,227300,8406423,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,tehbest,Fall asleep while driving a truck at 3AM with random pop music from your favorite internet radio station and hearing random beeps because you're crashing into siderails simulator.2.GOTY.
76561198338104578,Recommended,227300,27616841,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SRN,Very nice game
,Recommended,227300,21733891,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,|SLF| Kip Zonder Kop,"So far I've been having a great time with this game! The trucks look good, scenery is nice and the thousands of mods give you a lot of trucks, trailers, game enhancements, map extensions etc. While the AI is still not good at all you can deal with it. While I do get frustated sometimes of the AI, there are mods available.Many people think that this game is not fun. ""you just drive trucks that's it"" But your too busy with driving your truck and managing your company to realise it's not that extensive. You pick a job (quick job/freight market/a job via World of trucks) and drive to your destination. But it's so fun! If you are into simulators or any old driving game this is a no brainer!"
,Recommended,227300,10186621,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Inexorable,"If you're going to Torino, use the highway, it's for your own good"
76561198213074955,Recommended,227300,28092673,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kwella,Beautiful Game.
,Recommended,227300,28094173,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,snox,nice game
76561197986671357,Recommended,227300,14902329,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Raija,"There is a tiny flaw in the design of the game.  ""Quick Travel"" between your garages, this should never have been implimented because of two things1.  You can quickly gain all the money that you put on loan after buying two garages by Quick Traveling to and from a large garage, like Paris and Berlin.2.  Same goes for training your truckers.   they will accumulate their skillpoints regardless if you are on the road or teleporting between garages to and from.  I have already maxed 10 of my 12 truckers doing this, without Cheat Codes.For the good.This game is fun, explorative, and will take up a lot of your time.  If you got time to waist by all means do your long hauls :)Graphics are great.   The Radios well, I enjoyed it up to a time, but it get's old fast, I prefer I heart radio for my music and talk radio during my long hauls.The bad.This game is easily exploitable. Without the need of cheat codes or trainers or what evers.No Radio chatter v.v I'd expect not to have to need mods in order to hear someone say 'Breaker breaker this is big mike, need a escort"" yada yada or stuff like that.  Ya know?Overal, I will give it a oh...7/10, still playable just easyUsing mouse mode to drive, + track ir to lookPS. With mousemode be sure to turn down your mouse stearing sensativity, It will flip your vehical if it's at half, I have it at 3%  Hee hee I find it so much easier than keyboard stearing if you got Track ir use it with this game :)"
76561198184595414,Recommended,227300,21917853,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,[RO] AL3X 611 | kickback.com,"It's good for spending 1 summer driving that trucks:)) It's interesting: graphics are cool, mods are cool, very realistic, BUT there are LOW FPS."
76561198153735862,Recommended,227300,16606478,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,williygriff,really enjoyed playing this game
,Recommended,227300,23903104,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ohm,"I have no idea why I like this, but I tend to  reinstall it every month and play for a week. It's as close as I'm to console gaming. Prepare a nice playlist, plug in a controler (I guess some kind of steering wheel would be ideal) and relax. Multiplayer is also a nice touch as you can hop in and out as you please.Also there's a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of mods you can try, won't get boring soon."
,Recommended,227300,11465010,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,paku :3 | kickback.com,5/5 peli
76561197962634378,Recommended,227300,17676662,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,AmayirotAkago,"A nicely relaxing, low-stress driving sim for casual and dedicated players alike. Take in the sights or work to become the best trucking company around."
76561197977619350,Recommended,227300,18782234,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Wispy,Great game! Very enjoyable relaxing game.
,Recommended,227300,13845015,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,✘✘✘✘✘✘✘✘ BRUM,toot toot broom broom
76561197989174693,Recommended,227300,16962301,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,MistaMM,Do you want a truck simulation? Because this is how you get it.
76561198119126052,Recommended,227300,19385896,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Bartleby Badger,Not sure if the AI drivers are poorly scripted or showing a genius interpretation of idiot road-users.10/10 Would play Euro Road Rage Simulator again!
,Recommended,227300,10173434,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,ekrow,I like trucks
76561198081979427,Recommended,227300,16608200,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,NEW PORT,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥love this game so much
,Recommended,227300,10614781,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CaptainRorikin,At first I was hesitant to buy this game...after playing it I really have and still enjoy it a lot.
76561198169404568,Recommended,227300,30349504,Posted: 5 March,all,Pantsless Thundergoose,"Great gamne, only problem is i got a controller to use for this game, and it wont work, needs to be compatible with XBox 360 controller."
,Recommended,227300,16880043,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,OPENSKINS.COM ЛЕКСЕЙ,Most positive)))
,Recommended,227300,18129974,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Geeman,"Sitting at your computer, driving a virtual truck might not seem that interesting.  However, for some small reason, this game just tickles that small itch of fun you have when playing it.  If you listen to podcasts, or what to chill and not fret about stuff, then this is like a Sunday drive without wasting fuel.  Do jobs, earn money, buy trucks, earn more money, buy depots, deliver more, hire truckers, earn more, TAKE OVER EUROPE! A great game, good feeling with controller, and has VR capability which takes it to a whole new strange level of awesomness.  Something worth considering."
,Recommended,227300,19840465,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Resnauv,this gaem made me wana punch a truk in the dik
76561198065836764,Recommended,227300,30354168,Posted: 6 March,all,Two Mississippi,"Calm and Peacefull are 2 good words that come into mind whilst playing Euro Truck Simulator 2, however be ready to buy the expansion packs 'cause this game gets really stale, really fast.5/10"
76561198272863495,Recommended,227300,30357492,Posted: 6 March,all,(X_X)ANDREW(O_O),10/10 would kill the driver of a car with my truck again
,Recommended,227300,16053037,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,[ZRP] Mr Scorpion [E.A],OMG best simulator ever ETS2 has many features including the new Actros I use the DRIFT O.Z wheel from speedlink with it to add to the Experience great game 10/10!
,Recommended,227300,15834572,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Anus,relly good game
76561198046600639,Recommended,227300,14102926,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Orangatang Oscar,I really like this game
,Recommended,227300,12964666,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Loading...,Very good game
,Recommended,227300,8305353,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ženeral,Amazing game! please add Serbian map!
76561198221482084,Recommended,227300,15672851,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Egant981 ︻-デ┳ー,I like this game but i am playing this in the worst settings and my FPS is 3 but the game is still playable for me and its a great game and enjoyable :)
,Recommended,227300,13331186,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,✪ JeT,It's the closet thing you're going to get to driving a truck in real life.
,Recommended,227300,29382121,Posted: 20 January,all,ThePredatorX,süper ama online olsaydı daa ii olurdu
76561198035939428,Recommended,227300,18281495,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,omgwtfisthis,Woohoo!!!  I got a second job!I love this game!Can't wait for the American version!
,Recommended,227300,11667960,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,iDoPictures,Basically the most chill game you'll ever play. 11/10
,Recommended,227300,13444350,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Howling Crab,if you wanna unwind after a intense competitive fps game and don't wanna get off steam and wanna continue gaming or just really bored and wanna kill time but dont feel like playing anything this is the game with you with the ingame internet radio makes driving a breeze and a pleasure i HIGHLY RECCOMEND this game!!
76561198131636827,Recommended,227300,14495552,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Yegg,"no one knows why this game is fun, it just it. i very much enjoy this game."
,Recommended,227300,17879550,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Papa,Euro Truck Simulator 2 jest to gra w którą się przyjemnie gra ale też można szybko zabić czas a także można zagrać na multiplayer że znajomymi .
,Recommended,227300,17869646,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SystemAnonymous,Its an alright game for something to do!
,Recommended,227300,10626963,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kevalalajnen,very fun drive truck everyday
76561198112088660,Recommended,227300,13848794,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Px-,-Relaxing game-Easy to understand gameplay-Reality truck control-Hard to parking manually but practice make it better-Often crash any cars by poor driver (It's me)-Better than expected
,Recommended,227300,13737886,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Wozzy.22,wtf
76561198086976396,Recommended,227300,13568928,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Cookie Bear,"All I do is drive trucks, and for some reason it is really fun!"
,Recommended,227300,26245790,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,[Pond] Tactical Medic™,.
,Recommended,227300,16804716,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Cetlar Nighting,Its the best Drive sim i ever seen and ETS2MP oh my gawd is that the future of simulator´s we will see they had not a Mercedes when i bought it i was sad but now they have and ive got this car and i think we will drive allot so i hope u gonna buy it too and i will see u on the roud BUY IT NOW!
,Recommended,227300,14975197,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Mes,10/10 WOULD DRIVE AGAIN
,Recommended,227300,11489396,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,chazza55,This game is amazing!
76561198002070491,Recommended,227300,13899370,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,AfterForever,"This isn't a game, it is a hobby!"
,Recommended,227300,14053033,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Steven6119,Euro Truck Simulator 2 is an ok game not the best but its ok
76561198160852339,Recommended,227300,13456966,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Crotch Bandicam,It's gud
,Recommended,227300,2184564,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,[TGUK] Eladar - 52375,"Honestly, it's an absolutely incredible game with hours of fun. I know reading the description, it doesn't SOUND all that good, but once you get into it, it really REALLY is. I would recommend playing the demo first (as far as I remember, there's nothing you can't do in the demo that you can in the main game) just to ensure you like the feel of the game.Looks absolutely stunning, and runs in ultra even on my crappy laptop, so it wont hog all your resources. Plays beautifully. Just be prepared to crash into a lot of walls/cars!! ;)"
76561198045652909,Recommended,227300,13966187,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,AnToOo9,Fun game
76561198076869654,Recommended,227300,13972212,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,AwakAwai,How to play multiplayer game? i already download the mods. but it seems it didnt work. any one knows?
,Recommended,227300,1219475,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,B-7,"The great game, the great simulator. Realistic physics, interesting driving situation, economics that gets things done and no just-for-fun stuff like racing. I dare to say that it's the only option for virtual truckers for now."
76561198111546721,Recommended,227300,13856586,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Vegan Health,"Very chill game, mostly driving the whole time. Its good for filling time and the business part of it makes you feel like you're actually accomplishing something. The only thing I would say is that the speeding tickets are a bit aggressive, and especially the AI traffic are dumb as fu*k and will ram you. You'll have to pay the fine and cover costs of your repair when working out of your company. I'm not talking about when I may cross lanes, these traffic bots have no sense and will T-Bone/Ram you as they don't believe in braking to save themselves. Expect to pay a lot of fines throughout the game if you don't feel like following the driving laws to a T. Later if your company is getting bigger they'll cover these costs easy though."
76561198078124076,Recommended,227300,8847578,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,TheRussianHoneyBadger,"Where to start, Euro Truck simulator is a very addicting and time consuming game. However if you are very patient and loves trucks this is the game for you, the game starts you off with no truck and you have to do jobs for companys driving their trucks till you make enough to buy your own truck. From there you can start your trucking empire earning more money by doing jobs and eventually you can buy a AI driver who will work for you and make you more money. Eventually you will become a trucking empire spanning across all of Europe, there are various landmarks in this game located in their respective countries. There are 6 truck companys in this game DAF,Scania, Majestic (Mercedes], MAN, Volvo, Renault all of which have various trucks you can purchase and customize to your need. The customization options are diverse and you can even do a custom color along with a few templates you can purchase for your trucks and you can also change the the axels of your truck and add on extra lights,grills and custom tires for your truck. Overall 9/10 the game does not include all of Europe is why I subtracted 1 point."
,Recommended,227300,16036749,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,benjaminwadsley,.
,Recommended,227300,16096753,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Icy,This game is basically DayZ with trucksLiterally and Figuratively
76561198094842576,Recommended,227300,16105078,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,GIKAS1,AWESOME GAME!!!!
,Recommended,227300,15819685,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Rergrn,Great
76561198053238218,Recommended,227300,8147956,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,CptnTightPants,surprisingly fun
76561198085456601,Recommended,227300,15912572,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Sergiu103,yes it awesome
76561198215941973,Recommended,227300,24515613,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,AxY,a really fun game but the have to put in 3 more cities in sweden: Mariestad and Skövde and Falköping but the rest is really fun
76561198133944314,Recommended,227300,24600911,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Сантам Роы,"Tried the Demo version-->Saw Steam Sale Bought the Game + All the DLCIf you really like some realistic Driving Experience you are here, Driving your own RIG with live radio, Just Put your Headphones on and TAKE A BREAK from everything plus not only this you get the option for playing this game online where you can pretty much make your convoy / Join one / Join a Virtual Trucking Company everything you want and I must say...."
,Recommended,227300,24608704,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,(JET FUEL) FuhrerPapaFreedom,I like trucks.
,Recommended,227300,21252268,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Eliška Braun,Chill
76561198138418694,Recommended,227300,24487637,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Boost Me pLZ !,kek
,Recommended,227300,24025726,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,rider,just dont expect help if you have problems with intel graphics
,Recommended,227300,24082709,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ako Butuh Pelukanmu,Nice Game
76561198092111258,Recommended,227300,19877863,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Scareface4698,Really good simulator game graphics are good aswell
,Recommended,227300,17247477,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Arthur Schopenhauer,I'm waiting for American Truck Simulator.
,Recommended,227300,24110948,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,solomonk2,Never expected for this game being this enjoyable
76561198025491169,Recommended,227300,23981535,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,erolegemen,"Everything was going straight and wonderful, I was making money, I had a base, I had employees, I had everything. Than one day I thught to myself, before BRexit happens I should visit Britain. That was or was not one of the worst decision I had made. But now, I understand the reason for Brexit, and in my opinion ENGLAND SHOULD BE DELETED FROM THIS GAME AS WELL CUZ ♥♥♥♥ THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥ YOU CANNOT DRIvE IN THE LEFT LANE,YOU JUST CAN'T!10/10 this game delivers."
,Recommended,227300,23978789,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,HANDHIKA W P,I like this games
76561198299215385,Recommended,227300,23979032,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,naklidies,Nice game
,Recommended,227300,23907002,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,trextyler,Really fun game to sit down and relax with. Even better if you listen to music on the side. The views are neat. The occasional cars crashing into each other is strange yet amazing.
76561198304864604,Recommended,227300,23944510,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ngwashintimbo,"i updated my laptop to windows 10, now if open my euro truck simulator 2 it's running slow and hanging. how can i solve this problem"
,Recommended,227300,13437332,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,BlüSocKs,If you need to read a review for this game you don't deserve the pleasure of a game that has set the standard for simulators everywhere.
76561198142509935,Recommended,227300,24142258,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,AK-47,I am really disapointed about the radio and none of russian radio works and the rest works and i basically consider this discrimination so can you guys please fix it.
,Recommended,227300,12089315,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,sodypops,great game
76561198261870571,Recommended,227300,19373723,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Cereal Sauce (milk),This game is sexy
,Recommended,227300,25610690,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,northeastjoe,enjoyable love the sceneary on the back roads
,Recommended,227300,7829545,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,[LUE] DB,"ETS2 is an impressive game, as on the surface it just looks like an average simulator, but is well detailed and actually portrays driving a truck as accurately as it can. The European environments are beautiful and varied, making every delivery feel unique. The early game can feel a little taxing, as you're forced to use mostly terrible trucks for random employers in order to make money. This isn't all bad, as it allows you to test drive almost every truck in the game before you eventually save up to purchase your own truck.From there the game gets more open as you can explore and do deliveries at your leisure, eventually building enough capital to hire new drivers to make money for your business as well, or take your money and customize your truck to look more impressive. Ultimately, ETS2 is built to be a relaxing game that's mostly stress-free, yet remains incredibly fun.My only problem with the game is when driving in towns I would have to frequently save and reload in order to despawn cars--the game will attempt populating towns with an infinite number of cars which never leave due to their close proximity to the player, and with civilian AI being very unintelligent and traffic lights lasting all of five seconds, traffic becomes congested within minutes. Other than that, the game is fantastic and is a great time killer."
,Recommended,227300,20844975,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Goofyno,"Great game if you have a steering wheel and pedals, don't play this game from the keyboard."
,Recommended,227300,18412493,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,поуки кек,ну так прикольно
76561198061049394,Recommended,227300,17680070,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,??,gghjkl
,Recommended,227300,23357902,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,b0rNn,eqweqwewq
,Recommended,227300,8316059,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Bozgorval,very good car driving game
76561198008834839,Recommended,227300,8295573,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Edogg,Love this game
,Recommended,227300,30459344,Posted: 11 March,all,Gizzmo_Guy,I Reccomend this game depending on the person you are. If you wanna get a truck simulator and manange your truck company? this game is totally for you!!!! if your looking for a driving simulator simulator this game isnt for you. BUT I RECCOMEND IT IF U WANT YOUR TRUCK COMPANY!!
76561198004309249,Recommended,227300,8402402,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,crazycow099,I have really gotten quite addicted to this game and it really is fun to play
76561197970630156,Recommended,227300,7966671,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,croy75,Great game!
,Recommended,227300,13045983,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,y0 KladdiG ヅ,Really nice game to play at the night  nice handling and nice graphics
76561198123968531,Recommended,227300,13099344,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,B.Man,"for now ,48.7 hours gone,I think this game is the best one in the simulation gameother ways,its very pity without damage system by truck and a little things can do in this game.if you are patient man,you can get this game.contrary I don't recommend.hope SCS add more interesting MOD and DLC in the future."
76561198110345182,Recommended,227300,12996209,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,d7om_alshmre,hi
76561198090653328,Recommended,227300,12961771,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Brayden D.,Best Game EVER!
,Recommended,227300,11370092,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,☯Macca☯,i love this game played it for days even though it only says iv played for 27 hours but still awesome game must buy
,Recommended,227300,12365302,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Fuck The Government (ACAB) [TR],I think this game is good and i like games like this but the only thing needs doing is to have mercedes-benz trucks but in this case i will give 9/10 and thumbs up.
,Recommended,227300,10845731,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,M/S,"East bound and down, loaded up and truckin'a'we gonna do what they say can't be doneWe've got a long way to go and a short time to get thereI'm east bound just watch ol'Bandit run"
,Recommended,227300,10791078,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[666] Xipe-Totec,fun game when you don't know what to do
,Recommended,227300,11057093,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,rasta man,"Brilliant game. Lags in some places but brillliant to play. If only DLC's were cheaper.If you're reading, BUY!"
76561198156032805,Recommended,227300,23905373,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Leo,Play this for hours with background music while driving is simply amazing... until you get that god damn speed ticket and slap your forehead as hard as you can.
76561198043954641,Recommended,227300,23903982,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,X_Clown_Master_X,This game is just amazing it's like your driving your own truck in real life. The graphics are extremely good (if your computer can run them). Also a big shoutout to the developers of this game they just keep adding new stuff. If you like simulators and driving a truck you should absolutly buy this it's worth all of his money.11/10
76561198219071744,Recommended,227300,23904076,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,axisforwood,Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a game in which players drive trucks around Europe. Eventually they become wealthier in game and can expand their operations and hire new drivers to produce more income.It is a great game for gamers new to Steam. It provides a basic gameplay environment to which other games are similar. The game is easy to navigate and can easily be adjusted to ones preferences. There are many options available to players to make the game how they want it. Many extensions (DLCs) are available to make the game more enjoyable and give more opportunities to players.I would definitely recommend this game to others.
,Recommended,227300,23904241,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Blithering Idiot,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a very non-simulator like simulator. I feel as though is this game didn't have simulator slapped at tthe end of its name it would have a better reputation, so do not ley that word fool you.To me this game is a challenging European transport business tycoon game where you can do jobs yourself. The combination of realistic driving trucks, great graphics, and a living, breathing European map makes this game very immersive and real-feeling. Even more so with a steering wheel. This combined with truck customization, real internet radio stations, and slow progression make this game way more enjoyable.Pros:-Great looking graphics-Realistically driving trucks-Living, breathing Europe-Steering wheel, game pad, and even joystick support-Intuitive AI-Cheap price-Relaxing gameplay-Truck customizability-Great money system-Challenging progressionCons:-Unlocks based on level progresssion-Small cities-No cosmetic damage to vehicles-Nothing, besides the vehicles, is dynamic-Speed cameras right after the speed limit goes gown in some parts of the mapOverall, a great game, would for sure reccomend this."
76561198119263850,Recommended,227300,23905780,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Trea,Fantastic game. Love it!
76561198209568868,Recommended,227300,21797074,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,[TLG]Robzter_1,Amazing game! All i can say is .. if you are ANY sort of petrol head this game is for you 100% :)
76561198080005255,Recommended,227300,19925870,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Wousain,"Its not about a good game, but love this game :)"
,Recommended,227300,13490229,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BeefJerkyHunter,"This game is surprisingly fun but hard to convince others that it is fun. Telling other that driving a semi-truck around Europe (mostly Germany) is a fun thing to do on a computer is not at all convincing. Seriously, I just told my grandparents about it and they were a bit confused as to how that's fun.Anyway, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a nice step back from the competitive world of video gaming that so many other titles are trying to dabble into. You can lesiurely just play this game. Of course there are methods to maximize gains but that's not really needed to progress. Unless if you get into a catastrophic vehicle collision, you won't find yourself out of money and you will always progress. That's what's really nice about this game, you don't fall behind.Another thing that's nice about this game is that it feels good to drive correctly. You don't have to use your blinkers to show that you're turning, but it feels good doing so. You can take up two lanes with your truck (I haven't been penalized for this yet at least), but it's pretty damn awesome being able to drive in a single lane flawlessly. This game gives a lot of leniency towards bad driving but it's good to do things right.The management side of the game seems easy enough. I haven't run into any trouble with my employees yet, but I've only recently upgraded the garage and started getting my own fleet.There is also a modding community behind this game which means that you can get some texture packs and new content if you so desire. I personally have only gone for the lighting and texture packs.While you can play this with just keyboard and mouse, I would encourage you to at least get a gaming pad. The keyboard, while functional, it's annoying to use forever as you'll likely end up pressing A and D constantly to keep your truck straight.I've set up my game with the Xbox 360 controller and it works great. With the keyboard and/or gamepad, I would strongly suggest that you customize the controlsl; I think that the default controls are not good.Anyway, I would stronmgly reccommend this game for the price that it is during this holiday sale."
76561198053485593,Recommended,227300,21028215,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,SlimShitty,its a very good game i put a lot of hours into it and i would recommend it to anyone that wants to try it
,Recommended,227300,29127161,Posted: 8 January,all,oddLy,Good geme if you play this with your friends its so funny.i like it!!
76561197996313003,Recommended,227300,25045828,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Earthworm Jim ッ,Before I played:＼＼＼＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　   ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　                        ） ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ.ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)
76561198196151062,Recommended,227300,25042656,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,cjc,rilly cool and fun game!ther was defently a lot of work put into this!I DEFINTLY RECIMEND THIS GAME!!!DEFINTLY WERETH THE $22 I SPENT ON IT !!!!
,Recommended,227300,19987336,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,fat_birb_,"( ° ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮ BEST GAME EVER, I SOLD MY MOTHER BECAUSE I WANTED THIS GAME SO MUCH( ° ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮ BEST GRAPHICS( ° ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮ BEST GAMEPLAY( ° ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮ BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED!( ° ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮ FUN WITH FRIENDS IN MULTIPLAYER!( ° ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮ SO MUCH POSITIVE COMMENTS FROM THIS GAME ON STEAM!( ° ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮ CHEAP GAME!( ° ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮ FAST CARS!( ° ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮ SEXY CHARACTERS! + NOO NEW!( ° ͜ʖ͡°)╭∩╮ JUST DO IT! DON'T LET YOUR DREAMS BE DREAMS! JUST BUY IT!"
,Recommended,227300,15114631,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Cool,10/10.
76561198294312975,Recommended,227300,33247390,Posted: 4 July,all,☠ Me[M]o™ ☠,Highly recommended!
76561198104877001,Recommended,227300,27651834,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dobby,awesome game better playing with friends
,Recommended,227300,16525582,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lt. Ripper,It's like Skyrim with trucks. 420/10-IGN
,Recommended,227300,28751074,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,soothe,flip my Massive Truck on first job :')
,Recommended,227300,33090739,Posted: 1 July,all,curry beef,quite gud so far
76561198376469656,Recommended,227300,33462851,Posted: 11 July,all,KY$ CSGOatse.com,This is the best game <3
,Recommended,227300,23915953,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SmokeJ,i wish they can add more trucks
,Recommended,227300,16571584,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Lailow,Ran 4 red lights : nothingHit 2 random cars : only damageTurned on headlights : Ticket11/10 would turn on headlights again
,Recommended,227300,10675200,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,happy doggo,Most realistic truck simulator ever...
,Recommended,227300,32692531,Posted: 23 June,all,Kream,"Very relaxing and engaging, recommended to just lean back and chill."
76561198233058296,Recommended,227300,25348931,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,The Flying Scotsman,ETS 2 has got to be by far one of the best truck driving simulators on the open market at the moment if not the best in my opinion.The graphics are superb on the trucks and with DLC's that you buy and the plethora of MOD youn can down load from the steam work shop just make the  game play even better.ok all that said i do think things can all ways be done better for example you could more garage slots (bigger garages) another add on africa morocco and a further extensions or more in-depth ie more citys whith in each country.but all in all a very good game.I would recommend ETS 2 to anyone whe like driving simulators
,Recommended,227300,33228931,Posted: 4 July,all,Kiani,dama
,Recommended,227300,16588253,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,NetriX,This game is REAL simulator and I ♥♥♥♥ing love that. Buy it if you love simulators and driving too. Modding support is also good!
76561198170928017,Recommended,227300,26619148,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Comrade Remove Kebab,I play multiplayers and this game is so epic i have my own truck and i go for deliver from bratislava to linz then i go winz to praha when iam go in praha theres small car buyed by player and hes go on circle roundabout then come car and crash and on car crash truck iam go away from there then i saw coming truck i hit him.GG
76561198305155999,Recommended,227300,33399064,Posted: 9 July,all,henrymorelee,very good game had it for a week
,Recommended,227300,1996377,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"Most fun I've had in a long♥♥♥♥♥time. Although, like all simulators, it's not for everyone since there's no 360n0sc0peY0L0sw4g420smokeweedErryDay but only serious trucking."
,Recommended,227300,12733652,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Yujo Kameida,This game has consumed a far amount of time of my gaming latly. Tbh its a great game thats incredibly engrossing and is sooo deserving of a spot on the workshop.Pros -Great game to kill time with the ability to save anywheresmall but dedicated dev teammodders actually mod tremendously wellaccurate detailing of trucks inside and outable to modify the trucksscale of map vs time driving is perfectgame actually requires you to learn how to play itgreat dlcgreat with a pad/Steering wheelCons -traffic AI needs workvariety of traffic can get boring after a few hoursthere are a few bugs but notihng game breaking (there will always be bugs)using a keyboard and mouse to play this game hurts if you dont use cruise control(im from the uk) AI doesnt know how to use roundabouts properllyOverall i do quite enjoy this game and would easilly reccomend it to anybody looking for a nice relaxed game or a sim game9/10
76561198074259565,Recommended,227300,11984808,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,King Cohen,"I lost £20,000 in collision fees within three minutes.I was nice."
76561198025962857,Recommended,227300,11979686,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Munro,Absalutily incredible the best game I have played
76561198051343547,Recommended,227300,11950028,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Nads,garry's mod
,Recommended,227300,25307472,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,RAZIEL,nice race game good mechanics and physics
76561198307307822,Recommended,227300,24333018,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,YTAdy,Best Simulator EVER!!
76561198048115713,Recommended,227300,21029098,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Shockingtaco,this is sucjh good game i play alot
,Recommended,227300,13413650,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,d4-,yes
76561198060695718,Recommended,227300,10769367,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Gummy Frupples,OK IF YOUR TRYING TO FIND OUT WHICK GAME IS BETTER EURO TRUCK SIMULATOR OR THIS ONE this one beats the first one by a LONG SHOT now you acctully have a buissness you have a garadge and more you can listen to your own music less bugs when driving worked beter than the first one on my pc you can customize manage your cash and great graphics the possabilities of expanding your company is alot you can do alot in this more then the first want to get one of these games i reccomed this one BUY NOW
76561198078201700,Recommended,227300,10772228,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Captin Wilsun,"I love this game but I have one problem it, when cars hit me, I get the finebut other than that game is amazing"
,Recommended,227300,24079793,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,What the Tahm,I'm a old man in his 90's who finds the puzzles in this game complex and challenging.. Through pure persistence I managed  to beat the game in nightmre mode. SO whatever reasons I said above(I've forgotten) thats is why I am recomending it.
,Recommended,227300,23636978,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Bignona,Go finish your stupid delivery.
76561198085894590,Recommended,227300,23807290,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Duckie,Got a truck. Made it Green. Ran out of gas infront of a gas station. 10/10 would not pay attention again.
76561198206888900,Recommended,227300,21380248,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,DustyRex9,The Games is Awesome
76561198316168866,Recommended,227300,24100265,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Echo,one of the best games i have ever played super relaxong and realistic and at time it can be stress full 10/10
,Recommended,227300,7865435,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Max,euro truck simulator 2 is so good i am in love with the game
,Recommended,227300,9768241,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,SkyHigh,The game is good
76561198067457067,Recommended,227300,10847040,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SwagZe,In my opinion map is quite small for game like this when you traveling in whole Europe.
,Recommended,227300,19346818,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,stabwound,"Altough it's not professional simulator such as Microsoft Flight Simulator X, I'm using this game as computer assisted education material and so far it works flawlessly and other teachers are coming in my class, even out of curiosity.Pros:+ Detailed components of veichles+ Well designed UI and UX+ Easily integrated with controller hardwares (particularly Logitech G27)Cons:- DLC prices are too high- Not all DLCs are useful- Informative components such as traffic law, regulations and latest updates can be added like radio- Grown-up drivers are facing difficulties with giving way to AI veichles and blending intensive city traffic. Generally, AI veichles are pretty aggresive about giving priority to larger veichles.7/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,227300,7845383,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,X-RASHED,nice game
,Recommended,227300,11536830,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,garr596,Simulating the experience of driving a truck is WAY more enjoyable than it seems. But $24.99 as the base price? Seems a bit too high.
,Recommended,227300,13261265,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Xen_2,WHY IS THIS SO FUN GODDAMNIT
,Recommended,227300,8464544,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,AyeAyeLtd,It's actually pretty decent with a joystick.
,Recommended,227300,23052682,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,FINROD,basipally the bets game everjust buy it already u meme loving ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227300,8415832,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,maxstep,"Great game. Fresh and exciting, make sure to have a wheel though."
,Recommended,227300,24430601,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,"King Artorias, The Abysswalker",10/10
,Recommended,227300,9641353,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,« POLARICA »,"Nice model's, upgrade opp's and truck's. Good simulator, play with own music and enjoy you own tuned truck.P.S. City's are to similar, got bored to fast on same town's and parking's."
,Recommended,227300,16606238,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LexA,"Warning: This game is surprisingly addictive!Seriously, I never thought I'd spent hours on end behind the wheel of a truck that I didn't have to steal first. After trying out Euro Truck Simulator 2 though, I quickly noticed that it's in fact so much more than a simple truck simulator.Yes, you do have to spend long hours behind the wheel, and move cargo from point a to point b, but after a while, the game actually offers a more in depth view in the world of trucking, and becomes more of a business sim than a simple driving game.I was positively surprised by many things in this simulator. The graphics and detailing of the trucks, the multitude of different locations, cargo types, etc. and the ongoing development and availble DLCs are a definite plus!"
,Recommended,227300,16609127,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pandi | hellcase.com,I now have respect for truckers...
,Recommended,227300,9627199,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Blaze It Tony #420,gg
,Recommended,227300,28194484,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Mr.RoseBird,"If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them.If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone.If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it.If you don't have the money for it, get a job.If you don't have a job, rob the bank.If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried."
,Recommended,227300,28154131,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Indubitably¸,i got this game for free & an i like i drove around and it was pretty okay like i played for like 10 then i didn't play it until like 3 years after i saw int that it was in my inventorslibrary and idrivin around is okay i guess bought a cool racing wheel an i drive thge skoda mod workshop around alot its pretty kcool also the truckin is good too don worry fam i gotchu covered
76561198279158696,Recommended,227300,28626381,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,PumpKin,Nice game
76561198314029162,Recommended,227300,28626678,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[EQ] ZunX,Really nice game <333
,Recommended,227300,28648485,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mr Karma,Dope
,Recommended,227300,28582279,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Qaunra,"overall bagus sih no bug ,no telolet :("
,Recommended,227300,28684746,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Yeu,Love driving? This is the perfect game for you. Cruise through Europe in a truck.
,Recommended,227300,26748130,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,rodrigoferrazjob1981,"Ótimo jogo,  recomendo muitotenho o American Truck mas acabo jogando mais o euro truckpois achei bem melhor."
,Recommended,227300,29843810,Posted: 11 February,all,Mr Boom-Boom,great sim!!
,Recommended,227300,27178540,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kumariks,su4kaaaaaa gg
,Recommended,227300,28772932,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,AndAndrei,Greate game
76561198259812979,Recommended,227300,28674090,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,allanmcgregor40,A very good game and works well with my G920
76561197999013760,Recommended,227300,28678830,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,☢kдקּקּд ツ,Really nice game.
76561198287301111,Recommended,227300,25712700,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,BluMidget3D,i already bought this game on my old laptop why cant i just download it i am not paying £15.99 to buy it again please sort this out my email issaulbarrett79@yahoo.complease email me  an answer on what your going to do here pleasei like this game 5stars
76561198256309781,Recommended,227300,29779223,Posted: 8 February,all,Droideka,.
,Recommended,227300,30032356,Posted: 19 February,all,Gabriel,"If you're into trucking and simulators this in one of the best out there.+ Lost of trucks - skins - periodic updates.+ the ability to play it with a nice steering wheel, i use a G27 and everything works great.- nothing."
76561198367109941,Recommended,227300,31166503,Posted: 15 April,all,hisapy,It is the best game
76561198138947229,Recommended,227300,31165165,Posted: 15 April,all,trash,asdasd
,Recommended,227300,28110679,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,liandrion,"Sharing in the same feeling of a lot of people who play Euro Truck Simulator 2, I honestly don't know why I enjoy playing this game, nor do I know why I enjoyed playing ETS1 either. It isn't the most pretty, the most feature-packed, and it definitely isn't the most exciting. But there's something about taking a long drive down open roads, listening to your favourite music, louding honking and swearing at the other drivers on the road as you come to a violent stop.ETS2 has quite a few problems, mainly in the AI drivers and the traffic offence system. Part of my reason for want to write this review at 17 hours playtime, is due to my very recent experience taking 22,000kg of live ammunition from London to Grimsby. I had just gotten into Grimsby, driving at a comfortable 45km as a bus pulled right out in front of me, dealing 13% damage to my truck (about $10,000 worth) and 2% damage to my cargo. And I still got the ticket for it.That aside, the very obvious speed traps are a little annoying. Sometimes the speed limit in areas affected by road works goes from 48km to 97km for a few kilometres and then back down to 48km. The fatigue indicatior is a little hard to read, as the blue bleeds into the grey a little. But these are minor nitpicks.I'd personally recommend this game, as it is quite relaxing when everything is going well. The world isn't as populated as some people may like, I wish there were more areas to explore. But the game competently does what it says on the tin, and if that's what you'd like, then you'll like this.There's also multiplayer for those interested. Haven't tried it personally, so I don't have an opinion."
,Recommended,227300,28773487,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DrPooChew,Dipski In The Lipski
76561198055970153,Recommended,227300,13948066,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Habib Jiwali,Very Realistic
,Recommended,227300,13971740,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,David[SLO],
,Recommended,227300,13906628,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,maRRek STi,"Good game,buy it anyway :)) wait for x-mas this game is 5 euro"
76561198128874556,Recommended,227300,16480423,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Levi,An Addicting realstic game with beautifull graphics and easy controll depending on your taste
76561198155423992,Recommended,227300,16362042,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Desert Hobo,"AMAZING GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!! Highly recommend it to anyone that likes trucks, cars,and driving. Great driving simulator, you don't need a steering wheel, I don't have one myself. Very realistic."
,Recommended,227300,16488651,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SwippyOG ダニエル,If you like simulators and to drive trucks. This is the perfect game.
,Recommended,227300,13176120,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,1DeathEater,"If you like driving, have nothing else to do, or pass time... GET THIS GAME!!!!!Spent hours on end playing this game, didn't even know 2 days went by... Although it has a modded multiplayer, it's still really fun to play, even with your friends!!!IT'S WORTH IT!!!!!! Screw all the bad reviews, they're all cheep asses who don't know how to play.. Either that, they're dumb and have no lives.."
76561198118416817,Recommended,227300,27391805,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xCrazy,Very good game!I love it because it is a very good simulation game and it is made very well!I recommend it
76561198157156125,Recommended,227300,12463045,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,CaffeinatedSloth6,Amazing!
,Recommended,227300,12332846,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Toxicwire,"I've played 9 hours total (3 coming from the demo), so let me share an experience with you. A car was trying to pass me, I wasn't letting him, he slammed into an oncoming semi, priceless."
,Recommended,227300,14963648,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,MaDaMaDa,This games still has a better love story than twilight between man and truck10/10
,Recommended,227300,14181055,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,aQua,Nice game!
76561198054942844,Recommended,227300,11416487,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,P.,Popici
76561198055338655,Recommended,227300,11410051,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Aylius Ivorite,"Great game... there are times when the A.I. go full retard and I have to ram through 5 cars, 2 trucks, and a bus - Only happens in France"
,Recommended,227300,10624248,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MUSHROOM TIP,This is a great game for anyone looking for a simulation game. Deserves an Award.
,Recommended,227300,15685058,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,klklkl,yes
,Recommended,227300,15809745,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,EYYYYYY LMAO,Is it weird that i can name all of the pedestrian cars but can recognise none of my trucks apart from the brand name?10/10 2Truck4Me
,Recommended,227300,15632519,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,#DividedKingdom-{T-T-M-D}-,Its  awsome
,Recommended,227300,12337299,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Cee,"Very fun game, if you like realistic simulation truck driving this is your game! It will run on almost any computer with low graphics and the outcome is remarkable.Buy this game, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,227300,13646855,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Gene,"Truck life simulator that is so addicting and fun.If you got bored with the single player mode, just google ""ets mp"" and join the truck life with 2500 drivers in 1 server!!!Should have bought the Christmas Bundle though :)"
76561198093735487,Recommended,227300,11069994,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,tommyboy,is good
76561198197986306,Recommended,227300,21444452,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,DietaryEagle🎃,Loved it great game great graphices for the realse date
76561198165512310,Recommended,227300,16591692,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,_____CLAUSS____,Foarte bun jocul!
,Recommended,227300,9498128,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Fulvic,"7/10I would recommend this game if you werer a massive fan of trucks but if you do buy it be careful for the AI, sometimes a truck will stop instantly without warning and you l crash into it and have to pay 20k to have it repaired. this game has a nice enviroment and a lot of cool places so yea if you have 15£ then buy it!"
,Recommended,227300,18053796,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,jmizin,:)
,Recommended,227300,19712375,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,ultragamer,"Good game , i recommend !"
76561198119711690,Recommended,227300,24522765,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,ルカ★マグロ,Pros:TRUCK!Driving said truck at 160km/h and crashing beautifully.Amazing scenery that I never notice 'coz I'm too busy avoiding collisions.In-game radios are awesome. Custom playlists are awesome.Cons:Speeding ticket.Speeding ticket.Speeding ticket.Red light ticket.€550/10 will pay fines.
,Recommended,227300,33149564,Posted: 2 July,all,Shafyz®,addictive
,Recommended,227300,33229528,Posted: 4 July,all,Straky- Card Collector,gut
76561198014285252,Recommended,227300,26621529,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,UKRAINE IS RUSSIA,I just hope most of the drivers I meet in multiplayer don't actually own a driving licence.
,Recommended,227300,33232227,Posted: 4 July,all,Vali Vijelie CS.LIFE-GAMING.RO,nice game !
76561197996497465,Recommended,227300,20544861,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Dingamagoo,Rekka vetää viimeistään
,Recommended,227300,22223934,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Tobythegamer2311,is good game if like trucking  you will ike it . like it  is even better with DLC
,Recommended,227300,25814695,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,pidaraz,СОСУ ПИКУ
76561198205522573,Recommended,227300,25640414,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Nuneaton777,Very good game with all the map DLCS as it adds a new advanture to the game so if you like truck and want to relax this is the game for you.First found the by a youtuber called squirrel.
,Recommended,227300,29108200,Posted: 7 January,all,Kim,OM TELOLET OM
,Recommended,227300,13189718,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Lieutenant Y,very nice game try it guys and trust me :D
,Recommended,227300,20141142,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Adrobiel,"Surpisingly Addictive as a ""Follow the road rules Simulator"" essentially.Can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,227300,26259307,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Paπrush,Fellm asleep playing 10/10 wouldn't sleep again
,Recommended,227300,29034940,Posted: 5 January,all,z5teve,"Great Game, Works great with my g27"
76561198115539075,Recommended,227300,28721231,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Beleaua,Toata viata am vrut sa fiu tirist!
,Recommended,227300,28734038,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Black Jesus,"If you wana feel like a truck driver in europe buy a truck and drive it off a cliff, if you wana feel like your playing a truck sim then buy this game. P.S your friends will make fun of you for owning this game, mine did."
,Recommended,227300,30041447,Posted: 19 February,all,Was it autism?,"After playing multitudes of street racing games, this game is a hell on earth"
76561198314859147,Recommended,227300,29976866,Posted: 16 February,all,LikeAFuckingG6,I rate 9/11
76561198158899771,Recommended,227300,29932899,Posted: 14 February,all,✪ Mr. Wolvebean ✪,♥♥♥♥♥demais
,Recommended,227300,29944528,Posted: 15 February,all,Cerberus-,fun
,Recommended,227300,29595256,Posted: 30 January,all,lllteabaglll,personley the best game ever just to sit down and relax 10/10 for me
76561197987445968,Recommended,227300,26185193,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,BOT Para-STAS,very addictive. the Ai is prety poor
,Recommended,227300,31766385,Posted: 15 May,all,Papa,Very nice
76561198285569492,Recommended,227300,32715537,Posted: 24 June,all,wolf-adiga-1983,:)))))
76561198291419359,Recommended,227300,32702107,Posted: 23 June,all,✪ rokaz,Very good game!Best dlc-s!
76561198235797968,Recommended,227300,26716351,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,d3m0n,"About 1 week ago, I hit 100 hours on this game, And I do not regret a SINGLE moment of it! Next week, I have the money to buy ALL the DLCS! Also, Anyone who says this game is bad, They are just mad because there pc is to crap to play it, Thank you SCS SOFTWARE for making this AMAZING GAME! :) (Sorry for bad English!) :)"
,Recommended,227300,32501964,Posted: 17 June,all,✪ArthuRekT,gr8 game m8s keep updating it
,Recommended,227300,23024425,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Mano,wait for west DLC lolif you want to relax this is it just buy it :)10/10
76561198137676956,Recommended,227300,23021569,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,B.I.G,Fun and relaxing game and better than ATS
,Recommended,227300,22452840,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,J.,lvl 113 divine champion330k km distance driven
76561198387809140,Recommended,227300,31746936,Posted: 14 May,all,Bogdan,"Hello, I have a problem with this game. I bought it and wanted to get into it and take me out of the game and write to me '' Euro Truck Simulator 2 - Steam stops working, can you help me, what should I do ???"
76561198097401950,Recommended,227300,25582831,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,IronRush,Perfect! I LOVE ETS 2.
76561198029983247,Recommended,227300,30124478,Posted: 23 February,all,Highrollerman.caserandom.com,best game ever
76561198202563375,Recommended,227300,16613188,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kioz,C'est vraiment le plus cool des jeu de simulation
76561198256123791,Recommended,227300,24657057,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,^Dorin^ Trading Small,This is an really awesome game! I really like it and I recommend it for you :)!
,Recommended,227300,9865604,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Meme Crusader,I love Euro Truck Simulator.  It is such a relaxing game to be able to drive around Europe with actually having to drive.
76561198011905943,Recommended,227300,9862333,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,maimster,I've been playing this game now for over 100 hrs. I really enjoy driving simulators and this one is up there with the best of them.
,Recommended,227300,9869473,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,♚Bubz♚,Best truck simulator ever made. I like the graphics. It could be more trucks but in time ii think they will  add more.
76561198131104086,Recommended,227300,9866039,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,bford8461,"this game ""euro truck simulator 2"" is the best truck simulation game in the world"
,Recommended,227300,13169913,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CODIGO,"You have to try this game with a steering wheel , 10 out of 10 , beautiful!"
,Recommended,227300,32923799,Posted: 28 June,all,Ice Cube,best game
,Recommended,227300,10894758,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TL1KS,yeah.... get it.....
,Recommended,227300,26869862,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪ Señor Vac 1337,Лутший симулятор в мире
76561198172256519,Recommended,227300,32984057,Posted: 29 June,all,Noise,Yo
,Recommended,227300,23398696,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,TCMBerk,Speeding Ticket Simulator 211/10 would break the speed limit again
76561198183620643,Recommended,227300,20873711,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,5K,One of the most relaxing games I ever played !
,Recommended,227300,12655718,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Bush Did 7/11,I speed. To deliver loads. To pay more fines. Fines that I get because I speed. I speed to deliver more loads. To pay my fines. My fines I get because I speed. I speed to deliver more loads. To pay my fines.10/10 would pay fines again.
,Recommended,227300,10569746,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Nickvader7,Very fun. Cool idea. Way better than the old one.
,Recommended,227300,23966592,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,velocityexe,Beep Beep
,Recommended,227300,13318080,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Tesco,I've played quite a few simulation game like this. I can say if you like anything trucks and have patiance this is the game for you. it is also one of the best management games out there. If you hate driveing games or get bored easily this is not the game for you because it is repetitive and grindyMost of the DLC is fantastic but the paint ones i do not recament as you can get decent ones from the Steam Workshop. On the over hand the map expanstions and high valuble cargo is brilliant for the ones who ain't the best at instaling mods.You should like this review because i have been playing this game 500+ and have not been bored since.PS: I decided to write this review insteed of finding the TV remote so i had to listen to Two And A Half Men : (
,Recommended,227300,12418430,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Dr. Zoidberg,Best Truck simulator since American hauling simulatorAll ya need to make it even more is a steering wheel and a big screen
76561198163275618,Recommended,227300,15153755,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,GR_Tiger,One of the BEST truck Simulator Ever. Amazing 3d models and enviroment. Realistic and detailed. I wish to make all Europe and to include more countries.I recommend this game.
76561198082247486,Recommended,227300,10805921,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SρσσҠ,Sexy
,Recommended,227300,28918871,Posted: 1 January,all,Covent Garden,Bought as a JokePlayed as a JokeLoved itStill Played as a Joke11/10 Amazing. It's More than I thought I was paying for.
76561198090966840,Recommended,227300,13199070,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,I BET ON ADOLF!,"Приятная игра, только в ней вы можете ехать 2 часа на заказ, со скоростью 30 км/ч и получить целых 3 тысячи евро! XDА в целом, убийца времени, особенно, если слушать любимую музыку, потягивать кофеёк, и ехать вдаль..."
76561198069867193,Recommended,227300,24027949,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Schayed,"Score: 9,9/10Pro's:------• Too manyCon's:-------• Some players have high latency (ms/ping)wich is hard to predict what they are doing or will doThe game is worth buying, so are the DLC's (work in MP aswell)"
76561198039220932,Recommended,227300,7948688,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Q is for Qadim,"Pretty fun in an abstract sort of roleplay way. I was hoping for some more realism in the routes, was vaguely hoping it'd be a 1:1 scale or have that as an option, but nope! Not that I could see myself playing it that way a lot. Also it seems to use a lot of the same background graphics from one nation to the other. I drove by the same field of sunflowers in England as I did in Poland. Like, repeatedly.Still, pretty fun."
,Recommended,227300,8466026,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,2Dogs1Carpet,"I never thought I would buy something like this - I have no desire to be a trucker.  But after reading the review in PC Gamer, I was curious and downloaded the demo.  Shortly after that I bought the game & the expansion as part of the snow globe sale.  It's not perfect and has its warts (all games do), but it's also a lot of fun and really addictive.  Graphics are beautiful on my 3-monitor eyefinity rig.I have an old M$ Sidewinder wheel that's 10+ years old.  I've had to do a lot of fiddling or had to resort to 3rd party hacks to get it to work in other, more expensive driving / racing games, but in this humble game it just WORKED, no tylenol required.Try the demo- you'll be surprised."
76561198058035619,Recommended,227300,25569631,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Ｃｏｒｒｏｓｉｏｎ,Multiplayer=Betterhttp://truckersmp.com/en_US
,Recommended,227300,24626839,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Spooky Nugget,Fun
,Recommended,227300,24081323,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mucke,It's a WASD-game.10/10 would press WASD again.
,Recommended,227300,24248663,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Urethron,This is a game that anyone can (and will) enjoy. You'll probably enjoy it more if you are:1. Autistic2. Insane3. A dad4. Love following rules5. All of the above (German)
,Recommended,227300,13676394,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,UncutGiraffe,UGHHH♥♥♥♥♥TUCKS BORED AS SIT TOCITOOSS
76561198008095045,Recommended,227300,30252205,Posted: 28 February,all,Tonychopper,Well I'm addicted to Gwent.But it's an awesome game and i got a hatelove relationship to the sidequests.Would buy it again.
76561198165051155,Recommended,227300,20435082,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Don pera,How i can create a company on ets2?
,Recommended,227300,20175629,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Super CONTROLLER!!!,"This game is awesome, it's relaxing in a really fun way!You start, pickup cargo, go to destination, park it, take the money!Simple? It isn't! You need to sleep, fill up your tank and pay for repairs, not to mention speeding, red lights, crashes.It has weather so you drive normally, then it starts rainning. You have to turn on wipers and lights, but if you dont, you get ticket for not doing that.Also there is CUSTOMIZATION! you can upgrade your truck (if you have one) anywhere from engine upgrades all the way to front fenders, lights and paintjobs! It is awesome!the ONLY downside of this game is AI, especially in roundabouts!It is BAD? Not really but, its like they don't see you sometimesYou are going through roundabout looking everywhere if there are no cars and BOOM, car hits you in the back, AND YOU GET THE TICKET FOR CRASH, or in highway same situation.So, do i recommend this game???ABSOLUTELY, its so much fun and you can create a company of groups of truckers IN MULTIPLAYER!!!YES, there is one, and its mindblowing!ITS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY STEAM USER!!!"
,Recommended,227300,20593434,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,DucK,"A good game to play alone , also to play with someone on multiplayer :)"
76561198236614910,Recommended,227300,21893348,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,buddy5803,but how do you pay the bank
,Recommended,227300,20047462,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,rip :),
76561198163892053,Recommended,227300,20073277,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bill Buchanan,I can't recommend this game highly enough. It is beautifully designed and if you have a high end graphics card it looks fantastic. The attention to detail is brilliant and it is available on all platforms! It has a massive map and the game doesn't take up too much hard drive memory. You don't need the extra DLC because you will not get bored of this game
,Recommended,227300,20150411,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,KONIMEX,I'm going to stop play this game after one more delivery.. and one more delivery.. One more delivery..
,Recommended,227300,20363240,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Mokpop,If you want to have a lot of fun Get the Multiplayer mod and some friends (if you have any) and go play :D
,Recommended,227300,18671015,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,MadduX,:p
,Recommended,227300,21371706,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Daddy,This helped me choose my career path! 8/8 m8 Its pretty gr8
76561198242470776,Recommended,227300,20970504,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Гамадрила,Прикольная игра
,Recommended,227300,21097872,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Dumbass The Elephant,"*HONK HONK*""Get outta tha way, ya ♥♥♥♥♥ucking, taint smelling,♥♥♥♥♥eating ♥♥♥♥♥ of a slutbag cuntstick!  Get outta your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥prius and come fight my white♥♥♥♥♥this instant or I'll ram a goddamn 12 inch cockpiece up your dirty boy♥♥♥♥♥!""Own the roads, and drive the speed limit!  Look at ya go, you own your own truck company!  You start out doing small jobs and you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ garage and your wife left you and you have an erectile dysfuction but hey!  That's okay!  The road loves ya!  And you love the road!Pretty dope simulator.  Dated graphics.  But you don't need HD graphics to picture Ronald Airman (your truck drivers) flaccid♥♥♥♥♥♥finally becoming filled with blood after driving at 90 km/h down a desolate highway.I give this game 6 Uncircumsized European Sausages outta 7."
76561198258199830,Recommended,227300,21137259,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Slimbo,great for kids
,Recommended,227300,20615270,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,RyanTheDolphin,"I really enjoy this game, its just relaxing to play while talking to a friend. If you are even thinking about getting this game stop thinking and buy it!"
76561198076481365,Recommended,227300,8411653,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,CALDAWGZ,I can drive around Europe listening to real European stations.Winning.
,Recommended,227300,18139127,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Koffy,Great game. Put on a podcast and while away the hours driving places
,Recommended,227300,14259982,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,$ilviu,I like very much this game but I'd like to see and my county in game . And romanians players buy this game . My country is number  3rd in the east europe as more games buy on steam after Russian and Poland
76561198032591521,Recommended,227300,25453473,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Copperhead,"Travel across Europe as king of the road, a trucker who delivers important cargo across impressive distances! With dozens of cities to explore from the UK, Belgium, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, and many more, your endurance, skill and speed will all be pushed to their limits."
,Recommended,227300,11057430,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Capital,Best Game Ever! Buy It Now!
,Recommended,227300,28986484,Posted: 3 January,all,Teloc Vovim,"Really suprised with how much im enjoying it, good fun, kills a lot of time and a real stress reliever"
76561198197085322,Recommended,227300,28918539,Posted: 1 January,all,Zemmy,Pretty good
,Recommended,227300,28916752,Posted: 1 January,all,Average,♥♥♥♥♥♥shaped materials to transport.10/10
76561198197583542,Recommended,227300,22829649,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Nissan Skyline R34,i cant open it after the new update on my macbook plz help
,Recommended,227300,15990943,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Swift,"Euro Truck Simulator 2, what a great game with tones of jobs to do, and lots of trucks to choose from. Optimization in this game is really good, the graphics are pretty decent. If you enjoy driving, this is the game for you. I rate this game 8/10."
,Recommended,227300,14406522,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Harry,Fantastic game to play if you are intrested in trucks.
76561197980052798,Recommended,227300,848560,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,Avenger907.NL,"This is one of the most original games I recently played. The concept is very simple. Just drive a truck around Europe. Deliver goods from A to Z. The challenge is to not wreck the truck or trailer. Also not do break the law so you have to follow the traffic rules. I played this one with a wheel and 3 pedals and I for a moment had a feeling of actually driving a truck. Just plain simple wonderfull. The only con about this game: ""it has no multiplayer"". So you cannot play this with your friends online. But there is still plenty enough to have some fun with this game or must I say simulator?"
,Recommended,227300,978536,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Neo,Nice simulator.
76561198048660259,Recommended,227300,5369281,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,President Donald J Trump,"It's a strangely addictive game. I can't for the life of me figure why. Heck, if you can't make up your mind check their website, they have a demo version with almost everything in it anyway that's free to download. I've only had this game since 5 hours ago yesterday and i've already stuck 12 hours into it."
76561198068477991,Recommended,227300,8739223,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,chris,great game
76561198011720849,Recommended,227300,8741459,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,BadgerLicker,class
,Recommended,227300,8593268,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Professional Video Games Player,"In this game, the shadow people.Hello.I have been driving truck now for miles in this world where I think I am only shadow person. No other people are here, the cars all filled with dummies who stick to the letter of the law instead of the nature of the law as this world has no law of nature. First drive other peoples truck to gain money but then a bank has gained sentience and sends me email:Dear mister driver of trucks, if you want more money we set you up.Who is we? There is only bank, no people. I want my own truck so I think I go to bank, but no, there is no bank building only an interface where I loan money to buy me truck, so I go to truck store.The truck store is automated as I stand on a platform clicking arrows I can cycle through trucks. Where are all the people? Not here.I buy a truck and get a job.There are no people when I arrive at the lumber mill, only an entity that tells me what jobs I can do and how much they pay. I take a job and they tell me go get that trailer and hitch it on to truck and then I do it and then they tell me where to drive so I drop off the cargo when it hits me.This is truck drive limbo.The bank sends me email, expand company and hire drivers by taking more loan. The bank is thirsty for more of my life blood and I give it gladly thinking other drivers are other people.So I buy another garage and another truck thinking I get to meet another driver if I hire one, but no, the hiring process is broken into stats, I only get to see a picture and name of driver and what they can do. I hire a driver and never see him, a trickle of money just comes into account and I keep driving.In some cities I see shadow people who mill around not talking or doing anything, simply existing.I go to construction yard where there is lots of noise but nothing actually happens.I scream and drive into a line of cars. No police show up, no emergency response teams, I simply get billed for damage. What damage? The cars are still in the same condition.When I speed only the cameras will notice and send me a bill.This world is dead, uncaring, there is only trucks and cargo and the empty fulfillment another 50 000€ in the bank gives after driving for 30 hours.It isn't heaven but it sure beats hell.Truck drivers limbo."
76561198018774732,Recommended,227300,9233544,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Alex1997559,"One of the best simulators out there and defiantly worth the price. It's controls are fluid and responsive and the whole experience feels as if you are truly lugging a 38 ton excavator behind you to Birmingham or an order of sewerage pipes to Warsaw.I recently upgraded my computer with a better graphics card. The previous card (GeForce GT 620) couldn't handle much at all but could quite easily run this on the lower settings. It was still a beautiful game and the graphics never really gave me a problem. My new card (GeForce GTX660 - a big upgrade) now runs Euro Truck on Ultra settings. It is incredible. I cannot believe the fidelity of the visuals, they easily surpass what is shown in the trailers and photos. I was really blown away.The integration of the radio feature, in which you can place your own music to listen to in-game, is excellent. There is nothing better than rolling down the road listening to some of your favourite music to relax.I could not recommend this game enough. £15 is a steal for this game; it is as good if not better than a lot of triple A £39.99 titles. If you buy this, I would also recommend the Going East expansion pack which allows a much longer, enjoyable journey."
76561198115622966,Recommended,227300,10326118,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ıllıllı Mark Perks ıllıllı,Beast :P
76561198098359018,Recommended,227300,9806265,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,TOM TANKS,Great simulating game......Never tired of it!!
,Recommended,227300,7816047,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,MtBeR4LiFe889,yeeeeeeeeee boiiiiiiiiiiiiii
,Recommended,227300,7765825,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,- Yo y0 -,"I love this game, It is worth your money. The map size is amazing and there are occasional updates to fix bugs and add content. The game is diffrent every time you play and with so many options and easy to install mods you can customize your experience."
,Recommended,227300,8177219,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,M. Krieger,Amazing game. I it unbelieveble how a game that looks so boring can be so addictive. I simply can't stop playing it.
,Recommended,227300,7799108,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,D WhiteWidow,Very fun game with a high rplay value! Mods also bring a new level of excitement along with Going East DLC. 5 stars
76561198296606329,Recommended,227300,23434305,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,[ZA] Khubeka trucking,Did fall in love with this game when i first downloaded it
,Recommended,227300,23149489,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Conner,"Ha... I got into this when I was learning to drive. I had a lot of fun on it. Pretty enjoyable, worth getting a wheel and clutch to go with it though... or Xbox controller. 8/10."
,Recommended,227300,11067063,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,meep,Epicest Game EVER!
,Recommended,227300,7825477,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,TurPPu,10/10
,Recommended,227300,8314570,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,DankyTrauma,One of the best simulators on the maket.10/10
,Recommended,227300,8692034,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,teddies,"I really like this game alot, it is obviously not about lugging a trailer around and earn money. You also get to set up a truck fleet to earn money. But if you don't like driving games or if the long driving time from point to point seems boring to you, then don't buy this game."
,Recommended,227300,19942186,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Anime is for faggots,"I like to call this game ""W key holding simulator""This is a game about ultra fast trucks, that can go 500 km/h with no problems. A game with relaxing music, a game about trucks and hot............... cargos?  This game also has got♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of dlc's. I have no problem with that, but it's alot. And also, you can choose our lord and saviour GABEN. YES GABEN IN A TRUCKING GAME.  Also the when NPC crashes in you.... YOU PAY THE FEES OFC. This game has also got a non-official multiplayer, the place when all the cool kids show off their big................... trucks. I recommend this game to everyone: Truckers, Doctors, Karate masters, Dictators, Presidents and owners of a fishing companyPros:A little bit of realismTrucks (Many brands)Graphics are not that outdatedCargos (variety of cargos, DLC adds more)Racing trucksA small loan of a million dollarsGabenCons:PhysicsMore DLC's than an EA game (Paint jobs, locations,  cargos, CABIN ACCESSORIES? WHAT THE FU)Suicidal AINo multiplayer, unless you download a modFinal verdict: This game isn't bad, i enjoy it alot, i recently converted it to steam, so i have very little play time on it, i can recommend it9/10"
76561198256011751,Recommended,227300,19739723,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Chaos_Gaming,Pros: Great game I really like this game it is fun imersive and always updatingCons: THere could be in actual multiplayer thats stable and privet servers would be niceOver all I really recommend this game
,Recommended,227300,19770066,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Marrz_ | Tallegg.ee,"Was the dark of the moon on the sixth of JuneIn a Kenworth pullin' logsCab-over Pete with a reefer onAnd a Jimmy haulin' hogsWe is headin' for bear on I-one-oh'Bout a mile outta Shaky TownI says, ""Pig Pen, this here's the Rubber Duck.""And I'm about to put the hammer down.""'Cause we got a little ol' convoyRockin' through the night.Yeah, we got a little ol' convoy,Ain't she a beautiful sight?Come on and join our convoyAin't nothin' gonna get in our way.We gonna roll this truckin' convoy'Cross the U-S-A.Convoy!By the time we got into Tulsa Town,We had eighty-five trucks in all.But they's a roadblock up on the cloverleaf,And them bears was wall-to-wall.Yeah, them smokies is thick as bugs on a bumper;They even had a bear in the air!I says, ""Callin' all trucks, this here's the Duck.""We about to go a-huntin' bear.""'Cause we got a great big convoyRockin' through the night.Yeah, we got a great big convoy,Ain't she a beautiful sight?Come on and join our convoyAin't nothin' gonna get in our way.We gonna roll this truckin' convoy'Cross the U-S-A.Convoy!Well, we rolled up Interstate 44Like a rocket sled on rails.We tore up all of our swindle sheets,And left 'em settin' on the scales.By the time we hit that Chi-town,Them bears was a-gettin' smart:They'd brought up some reinforcementsFrom the Illinois National Guard.There's armored cars, and tanks, and jeeps,And rigs of ev'ry size.Yeah, them chicken coops was full'a bearsAnd choppers filled the skies.Well, we shot the line and we went for brokeWith a thousand screamin' trucksAn' eleven long-haired Friends a' JesusIn a chartreuse micra-bus.Well, we laid a strip for the Jersey shorePrepared to cross the lineI could see the bridge was lined with bearsBut I didn't have a dog-goned dime.I says, ""Pig Pen, this here's the Rubber Duck.""We just ain't a-gonna pay no toll.""So we crashed the gate doing ninety-eightI says ""Let them truckers roll, 10-4.""'Cause we got a mighty convoyRockin' through the night.Yeah, we got a mighty convoy,Ain't she a beautiful sight?Come on and join our convoyAin't nothin' gonna get in our way.We gonna roll this truckin' convoy'Cross the U-S-A.Convoy! Convoy! Convoy! Convoy!"
76561198098746078,Recommended,227300,29077001,Posted: 6 January,all,anthonyr3260,best game i have play nothing but good things to say about this game but still have some question maybe somebody can answer1.why theres no more truck brand on this game i think that will increase the numbers of players and the funinternationalfreighlinerkenworthpeterbilt2.why we can't have more customization for this game likebetter engine sound if you change your pipes i care a lot about sound3.why we dont have a bigger server one that hold not 2400 but 4000 people on it4. i would like to have more options on how to manage the truck company that you createmore competitivewell thos are my questions other than taht i keep playing this game because its just amazing
,Recommended,227300,31285907,Posted: 21 April,all,bo,Fun trucking game!
,Recommended,227300,29299388,Posted: 16 January,all,Dexter ON FIRE,"The game is good. She is pleasant for playing but sometimes have ""kids,trolls"" which will "" f*cked up "" your delivery or they'll make a damage on your cargo. Most of the time is good for playing. I'm recommending the game.Now it's your choice. :)"
,Recommended,227300,11969151,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,HSC.SamosaDon,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 or ETS2 in short is one of those games that may seem boring at first glance but after playing it you get hooked, especially if you have a steering wheel or the like. There is just something soothing and satisfying about driving a truck around Europe doing deliveries. The game has its share of flaws as well, the biggest and most annoying being the AI. Although it was majorly overhauled in a recent update it still occasionally does do something utterly stupid and gives a good laugh. The game has good graphics, nice and bright colourful enviornment. Many of the simulation elements are also present. Overall this game is surely enjoyable if you have a taste for good simulators. This is not your usual crap of a so-called simulator like, dare I say, Air Control or Garbage Truck Simulator. This is a solid simulator made for the fan. The multiplayer mod does nothing but further enhance the gameplay and make this game all the more fun. I give this game a 9/10.-Youloufy"
76561198129685410,Recommended,227300,23213930,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,BabsTheKid,"very fun, annouying bug with the truck start & stopping while going uphill in the quaries."
,Recommended,227300,16695153,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Davey #,Drove from Carlisle to Manchester. Enjoyed every minute.Now have my own collection of speeding tickets.11/10. Would smash up the M6 again.
,Recommended,227300,13459065,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,nipple fedora,This game showed me that I would be a horrible truck driver.
,Recommended,227300,31244405,Posted: 19 April,all,sebkuh,"Hard to say what I like most about this game but it has completely changed the way I think about trucking; I never expected it to be so relaxing and challenging at the same time. The scenery is stunningly recognisable. Provided you own a steering wheel and pedals, the driving is about as realistic as it gets. Exploring the map, upgrading skills, buying and customising more trucks. purchasing extra garages and hiring additional drivers, it has all proven to be quite addictive. Days and nights have passed while minutes felt like seconds."
76561198010538819,Recommended,227300,31318636,Posted: 23 April,all,lisa,"I like to play this game when the kids are in bed and i have a bit of peace and quiet. There is something quite mindful about driving along in the rain listening to your music. I would recommend this game to people who don't get bored of doing the same thing. It is a calm, relaxing game, i like it."
,Recommended,227300,22361315,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,TheTimeTravelTroller,"This is an amazing game! But do you think you could put one of the minimum requirements Vista? Because, this is an 8 year old computer, and I couldn't upgrade it and it's hard to play on it when it's llaggy, but still, I enjoy this game a lot!"
76561197960715067,Recommended,227300,13630756,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Spatz0r,its g8 m8 rate 8 of 8
,Recommended,227300,13335583,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,.Apollo,"FANTASIC GAME, wheels support is great, i love it"
,Recommended,227300,19895064,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ACL Tear,Just like GTA.
,Recommended,227300,22634785,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ム  G0D'$ GiFT ッ (Theodor),a true relax simulator!!!! ign 11/10 worth playing it!
,Recommended,227300,23258288,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Capt.A.Volichenko,"IF YOU ARE READING THIS, DON'T BLAME ME IF YOU CRASH YOUR TRUCK,10/10- WOULD EURO TRUCK AGAIN"
76561198202904167,Recommended,227300,22123152,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,s0M3s3R1oUsGu1,Nice game
76561198116576009,Recommended,227300,22125807,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Jerry,Best simulator I've ever played yet
76561198348611126,Recommended,227300,28619742,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,藍瞳,开着卡车唱着歌，点上一枝小兰州，懈义的生活，这就是梦想中的生活，感觉心里一片宁静，偶尔超车感受下小小的刺激，很不错的一款游戏
,Recommended,227300,28675482,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,dvirbd,Great game if you have alot of free time..
76561198286764325,Recommended,227300,28720939,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Abode_A3,ITS VERY NICE GAME BROOO GAME IS SOOOO ♥♥♥♥ING REALYYY NICEEEE
,Recommended,227300,28728555,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,sosAA,"I hate games without action, but this one, this one is something else. Its great graphics and simulation of driving makes you relax and gives you the feel like you are in real truck. Only bad thing is optimization, because you need really good specs to play this game and thats why I dont play it anymore, but these 16hrs were enough to see why this game is so great."
,Recommended,227300,23061992,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,onmyping,hello
,Recommended,227300,28087913,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,R2-D2,Join up Dissyhttps://discord.gg/J75am2Q
76561198245605456,Recommended,227300,23928278,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,UĞUR BABAgift-drop.com,multiplayer ve modlar ile çok güzel bir oyun oluyor
,Recommended,227300,27819812,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PRIVATE PRESLEY,"..................……………………….…._¸„„„„_…………………….…………...„--~*'¯….….'\………….…………………… („-~~--„¸_….,/ì'Ì…….…………………….¸„-^""¯ : : : : :¸-¯""¯/'……………………¸„„-^""¯ : : : : : : : '\¸„„,-""**¯¯¯'^^~-„„„----~^*'""¯ : : : : : : : : : :¸-"".:.:.:.:.„-^"" : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :„-"":.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: : : : : : : : : : ¸„-^¯.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. : : : : : : : ¸„„-^¯:.' : : '\ : : : : : : : ;¸„„-~""¯:.:.:: :""-„""""***/*'ì¸'¯:.': : : : :""-„ : : :""\.:.:.: : : : :"" : : : : \,:.: : : : : : : : : : : : 'Ì: : : : : : :, : : : : : :/""-„_::::_„-*__„„~"""
,Recommended,227300,25880634,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Nielxd,It's the best game ever !! (Just writing thhis so i can look back in 5 years and feel the cringe).
,Recommended,227300,23425352,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,lebron jackson,Its like GTA but with trucks
,Recommended,227300,23497010,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Khong Guan Biscuit,Hey scs software thanks for the game. sorry this review are late
,Recommended,227300,29940146,Posted: 15 February,all,Zeid,This game is very cool!!AND CHILL AND RELAXINGAME!!!!!!
76561198297815795,Recommended,227300,26711087,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,[YT]  ArChe Gaming,Great game... How do you play multiplayer?
76561198001201721,Recommended,227300,27404948,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Benandanti,"More enjoyable than it should be. It's like Crazy Taxi only you can pick your own tunes and stops are often half an hour apart crossing multiple countries. I imagine this is what it must feel like to be Optimus Prime doing his day job.Also, you get the thrill of causing minor trafic infringements which somehow is more fulfilling than acts of grand theft auto."
,Recommended,227300,32590433,Posted: 20 June,all,MLGDominator | 75 RGR,"Excellent game played alot with friends on MP,Great FPSGreat Price"
,Recommended,227300,9471142,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Gordon Ramsay,"Amazing game, 10/10."
76561198073818567,Recommended,227300,20512169,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,TheNumberOne,It´s Okay
,Recommended,227300,8873846,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,[V.I:P]Cosmin,would be great to be multiplayer!
76561198073031960,Recommended,227300,20063470,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,JaymzPlays,Very addicting
76561198188997159,Recommended,227300,20491104,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,KingWizard2003,this game is fun if you like driving. WHATEVER U DO DONT BUMP INTO SUFF U WILL LOSE MONEY THAT WAY
,Recommended,227300,32693973,Posted: 23 June,all,Freakify,Very fun and it relax you. 10/10.
,Recommended,227300,32341781,Posted: 11 June,all,Sasori,"I love this game, i can drive it for hours"
,Recommended,227300,32690000,Posted: 23 June,all,Connor Murphy / OFFICIAL ACOUNT,This Game is Awsome :))
,Recommended,227300,13435968,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,bamboozled again,Yes.
,Recommended,227300,19342966,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Commando,you deliver stuff to other countries.
76561198371948315,Recommended,227300,33024042,Posted: 29 June,all,UnprisedDimond,Awesome game
,Recommended,227300,26166726,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,YT: NilWo,Great Game especially with the Multiplayer mod :D
,Recommended,227300,24318388,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,đexter,game for kids like 9-10 years :D .
,Recommended,227300,17123328,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,You've CAT to be kitten me,Best reckless driving simulator everAI IS♥♥♥♥♥♥PLS FIX I CRASH ANY TIME
76561198171803771,Recommended,227300,23908824,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,01antonl,BEST GAME OF THE GEAR.
,Recommended,227300,33149545,Posted: 2 July,all,WallBean,abc
,Recommended,227300,33144343,Posted: 2 July,all,✪ GradienTz,Good game!
,Recommended,227300,19862954,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,u better sit down,Good Driving Game And Really Addictive #1 Driving Simulator
76561197987337504,Recommended,227300,32281686,Posted: 8 June,all,Chunkysumo,If you have no life... this is the game for you.
76561198029453452,Recommended,227300,20115720,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,AKA BODEGA,gdfgdh
76561198090939962,Recommended,227300,30649634,Posted: 21 March,all,BIG NASTY,woot woot best game ever
,Recommended,227300,10024195,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,HalcyoN,"As stupid as this sounds, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. 20/20 upshifts."
,Recommended,227300,15322878,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Karolis,Try and play this without a steering wheel and get into more trouble crossing Europe than the Nazis ever did.
,Recommended,227300,8120446,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Squit,"So i bought cheap, thought why not. This game is awesome. Would of paid full price."
,Recommended,227300,19960266,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Eiknarf,"10/10, Nice relaxing game."
,Recommended,227300,13802729,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Seiseki,"This is my life now..It started as a joke, how did I end up here?"
,Recommended,227300,22491862,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,MysticMusician♫,"Both relaxing and stressful at the same time. I'm currently about $42,000 in debt but hey, whatever. xD A really fun game so far."
,Recommended,227300,13207951,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,BrookenG,"Like many other people , I didnt expect to like this but I do. I wanted to try it and for the price on sale I figured why not. Next thing I know I have been playing about 8 hours or so. If I had any complaints it would mostly be the graphics are not outstanding but that might be because of my laptop's not so great video hardware. I set everything to the higest level and play is smooth but the graphics still seem fuzzy and unremarkable. It def does not take from the gameplay though. Who knew driving a truck around could be this much fun. If I didnt have to be up early for work I would drive so more ^^."
76561198040270811,Recommended,227300,20268834,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Danny,Have had enough hours to put in my 0.02 cents. Between the DLC and physics of this game its by far the best simulator ive played. excellent scenery with enough intrest to keep me playing for hours. Would buy again. 10/10AMERICAN TRUCK SIM!!! CANT WAIT FEB 3RD
76561198077584860,Recommended,227300,31758499,Posted: 14 May,all,You Jews You Lose,"This game gave me the power to travel all of Europe which is something I haven't done for about 70 years. While I did notice some stuff was out of place, it was mostly accurate. This game is an absolute gem. 9.5 Hitler jokes/ 10."
,Recommended,227300,20082462,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hades,I would personally recommend this game to anyone who would like to a have an in depth good simulator experience. Hands down best simulator for trucking ive ever played.
,Recommended,227300,8237583,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Spooky Enchilada,"I love this game so much, that I would go to mcdonalds, and pop out of the ball pit holding this game, and feed it to the children."
,Recommended,227300,31888956,Posted: 21 May,all,Zonates,"Euro Truck Simulator 2is the cautiously-anticipated sequel from SCS, but is it any good?You already know what to expect from after the last game in the series, and SCS doesn't disappoint. There's some new stuff, some irratiting bugs have been ironed out, and much improved realism.The graphics are pretty good, if you're into the realistic art style. The graphics could be better and the towns aren't very big either, but it is an amazing game nonetheless. There are many trailers to tow and a huge amount of roads and towns to explore. If you ever finish exploring the base map, there are 3 map expansion packs with much more detail. The game is single player, but if you ever start to feel lonely, there is a hugely popular well maintained family friendly multiplayer mod athttps://truckersmp.com. There is also a huge modding community out there so you don't have to worry about getting bored with it. One of the best mods out there for ETS2 ishttps://www.promods.net. It adds around 100 new towns to explore, multiple new countries, and many many more roads! The only downside to it is that it requires all 3 map DLC's to work (Vive la France!, Scandinavia, and Going East).Fans of the Simulation genre will like what they see here, but others should try the demo before they buy. If you are a fan of driving simulators, you should definitely try this one out.Overall Score: 9.5 / 10"
,Recommended,227300,20315798,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ｂｒｕｍ,VERY fun and a great simulation! Best game i have ever played!
,Recommended,227300,32212654,Posted: 5 June,all,Bear,One of the Best Games i've ever played especily if you just want to lay back and play and listen.
76561197999589908,Recommended,227300,32325337,Posted: 10 June,all,Super_Sanic,Im not seeing any terrorist attacks blocking my commute or refugees attacking my truck.0/10
,Recommended,227300,14411852,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,yota,"A truck-driving simulation game where you can find inner peace, relaxation, tranquility & serenity until a stupid AI driver rams into your truck when you are turning with signal on."
,Recommended,227300,31700214,Posted: 12 May,all,NeoSwitch,idk
,Recommended,227300,23985873,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,The_SolidFlame,this game is both infuriating and relaxing. This game is both forgiving and unforgiving. This game is awesome
,Recommended,227300,11132791,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Jeremy Clarkson,LOVE IT
66699966601928564,Recommended,227300,22375622,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Andrei,is the most beautiful and exciting simulation game i ever played. Nice work but need optimization :) .;).
76561198150999145,Recommended,227300,19279066,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ItzMahmoud,Good Game
,Recommended,227300,31768903,Posted: 15 May,all,sad af,Great Graphics. Great Gameplay and overall everything is nice in this game.
,Recommended,227300,26199537,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Andrew,Best Truck Simulator ever !
,Recommended,227300,27673218,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Koral,Just play the game
,Recommended,227300,16692460,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ArthY.G2A,"Awesome driving simulator, a long-sought.I advise 10/10."
,Recommended,227300,18851480,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Ja,"I now have two jobs, my second now being a drunk truck driver in the oculus rift dk2. perty sick!"
,Recommended,227300,33630457,Posted: 18 July,all,Enchantress✞,cool
76561198124315281,Recommended,227300,28879200,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,☺|ZEC|AMG E55®,its pretty cool game
,Recommended,227300,16849819,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,NeonSlash,"This game is an amazing buy. Well worth the money spent. The demo does not do the full game justice. This game is fun, relaxing and enjoyable. Now all I have to wait for is American Truck Simulator so I can ride the roads of my home state....TEXAS!!!"
,Recommended,227300,33582389,Posted: 16 July,all,Damn Daniel!,Verry Nice and Realistic game guys. You have to play it !
,Recommended,227300,32306479,Posted: 9 June,all,Shbear,9.99/100.09 once they add a multiplayer!
,Recommended,227300,33582565,Posted: 16 July,all,helicockter,This game makes me wanna wake my parents up and tell them go to sleep﻿.
,Recommended,227300,12819326,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Wozza,"It's great for those times when you just want to go for a drive. Its cheaper, it doesn't require movement and doesn't require a real car. Oh and it has multiplayer!"
76561198155407778,Recommended,227300,15719462,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Vlad The Inhaler,"Drove While drunk, Did excellect!!! Would Test my drunk driving skills again 10/10"
76561198045793603,Recommended,227300,11744115,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,[BAW] Tomohawk,"Absolutely fantastic, will be following for a long time."
76561198152360372,Recommended,227300,24536304,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,scotfusion,"Ive only played 9hr, and Id like to say that this game is really cool. Graphics are nice, the sound direction, rain, wipers, trafic AI, all are very nice touches. Great relaxing game with enough RPG to keep my brain from totally turning into jelly."
,Recommended,227300,4160928,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,Slaim,"A game for those who are tired of shooting,jumping and other hassles in the games. A game that allows you to relax and enjoy the peace and quiet! I highly recommend in the form of a sedative."
76561198003459041,Recommended,227300,2173075,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,JokerSTV,Relax
,Recommended,227300,26011911,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Deian,Is a good game.
76561198278249190,Recommended,227300,25467494,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,FhrulllGamer,ttt
,Recommended,227300,29746087,Posted: 6 February,all,Muhammed Almarri,sooo dope ^_^
,Recommended,227300,31262205,Posted: 20 April,all,Sesh Gremlin,EUROPE F**K YEAH.... no...  no murica rip offs
,Recommended,227300,10978252,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Blaze,Amazing. Just everything about it. Buy it. Now.
,Recommended,227300,19283863,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,DusKy,"The domestic dog is a domesticated canid which has been selectively bred for millennia for various behaviors, sensory capabilities, and physical attributes of a drunk driver.8/8 gr8 rage m8"
76561198046571606,Recommended,227300,31159388,Posted: 15 April,all,KAZOOIE 911,both ets2 and ats are the best truck sim yet
,Recommended,227300,31119205,Posted: 13 April,all,Taffy,I luv trukz
76561198353355616,Recommended,227300,28651780,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,king farbood,hi
,Recommended,227300,13447305,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Bufnitza,"(tl;dr version at the bottom)I don't believe there's a scientific explaination for the addiction this game provides. Granted, this genre always appealed to me, from way-back when Hard Truck 2 was king of the hill, but I digress.This game provides an immensely immersive experience. The maps are beautifully crafted, the trucks are done down to the last bit of detail, the landmarks are everywhere (if you're an experienced driver throughout Europe, you'll notice them and they'll bring a smile to your face) and the modding potential and community is HUGE (note: Although there's no Workshop support, there are several modding websites which provide a wealth of mods, and installing mods is trivial). All these pieces together make for a tremendously fun time and you'll easily find yourself sucked in and saying ""Just one... more... delivery!"" :)And it's not only that. The relaxation level it provides is amazing. Come back from a hard day at work, sit down, take a trailer full of Chocolates from Prague to London and then you realize, 1 hour later, that you're no longer tense, no longer stressed... This game is zen.To also give a feel of contribution (and recognition to your efforts) you can link your in-game profile with aworldoftrucks.comaccount, which will keep track of your progress and also allow you to share cool in-game footage with the community, allowing voting and comments on that, all for free. SCS is also very involved with this, holding events like ""Editor's choice"" and also in-game events, like the recent SCS Polar Express event around the Christmas holidays.Gameplay-wise, this game is very refined. There are no technical gaps, everything makes sense, the AI is quite clever in traffic (obeying rules, responding to player actions, such as signaling to change a lane, etc) and the controls and gaming level are very deeply customizable. For example, you can enable air brakes simulation, truck speed limiter, retarder and use a manual H gearbox complete with clutch support (provided you have the proper rig, I use a Logitech G25) to improve realism and provide an expirience as immersive as possible. However, if you're the more arcady type, you can disable all these and have just a simple driving game, with none of the realistic hassle, like keeping track of your air pressure or switching gears. Customization at its finest.Last but not least, there's also a pseudo-tycoon type of metagame, where you level up, gaining additional abilities to haul heavier, more precious or more dangerous (and thus, better paid) cargo, grow your own company by buying and upgrading garages in cities, buying trucks and hiring drivers to do work for you.Unfortunately, this part of the game is not at deep and detailed as the rest of the game, which is a pity, as it feels like the devs had something in mind, but for some reason, got rushed (which probably is what happened). For example, the biggest issue I noticed is that your hirelings are simply statistics in a worksheet. They don't exist in the game world and they perform exactly the same regardless of traffic conditions, truck they have, etc. This sort of takes away the feeling of realism and satisfaction of customizing the trucks of your hirelings. There's no incentive to give your hirelings' trucks any upgrades, paintwork, so on, because you'll never see those trucks unless you drive them.However, this is still a great game and one that is probably the best truck driving simulator on the market even today, 2+ years after its launch.Review summary (tl;dr): 9.5/10+ Very polished gameplay+ Flexible and customizable, from full-realistic sim to arcade-type driving game+ Attention to details in both the game world and the trucks themselves+ Freeworldoftrucks.comintegration to share stats and footage+ High activity from SCS Software with frequent updates and events+ A wealth of mods+ Clever AI+ Tycoon aspect of growing yourself and your own company, from a hireling to a European transport magnate- Tycoon metagame could had used a deeper materialization- Hirelings are basically worksheet statistics, not actual game world entities"
76561198310238245,Recommended,227300,30654755,Posted: 21 March,all,Ryan,Addictive
,Recommended,227300,10396500,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Brett H,I've mainly played this game offline so Steam doesn't register that. This has been one of the best games I've ever played. Graphics are absolutely amzing modding the game is really easy. I suggest if you buy this invest in a Logitech g27
,Recommended,227300,26094088,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,IsaacThePooper,"--EDIT--Just figured out how to get out of a pit. So I'm all good in the hood. Overall if you like driving in general and you want a good truck simulator, BUY THIS!For tl;dr here are pros and cons:Pros:-Pretty good graphics-Awesome detail-Customize your truck-Map is huge-Camera/mirrors are gr8-Overall the simulation is awesomeCons:-No damage effects (when you crash)-AI can get pretty stupid-Speed limits are a little confusing while everyone else is going 30+ KPH more than you...--OLD REVIEW--Don't get me wrong, this is a great game.I'm just a complete idiot.I loved this game, spent all my time after school to play it.Until I bought my own Mercades truck and crashed it into a pit and I can't get out.I've quit since 9/17/2016Today is the monthly anniversary of my rage quit."
76561197984572846,Recommended,227300,12436445,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,JackBauer,"Fun game, and amazin graphics. It works really well with the Logitech G27."
,Recommended,227300,25446480,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,DR.GHOST,really good.
76561198375491621,Recommended,227300,33809712,Posted: 26 July,all,The_Leader,Best simulation game
,Recommended,227300,30263133,Posted: 1 March,all,Prindeon,"Arhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Dont you just love the life, the nature & and just driving down the german Autobahn in your bigass 14 Ton truck with 500 stacks of wood in the trailor. Then you think, isnt THIS just great, huh? Its just so relaxing to just drive in your own truck full of accesories, LED lights, stickers on the side of the tru... AND HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ there was a tree!The end...................Isn´t it just great. Thousinds of tickets for going for red light and smashing into other cars.Arhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.I love it.5 out of 5 stars from me.please play this game for me.#TotalyNotSponsered.#JustKiding.#OfcauseThisIsSponsered.#JustKiding.#OkaySeriouslyStopReadingThisRightNow.#STOP.#ISaidStop.#OkayIWillGoInToEruoTruckAndPlayRightNow.#Goodbye.#JustKiding."
76561198138587821,Recommended,227300,17419169,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,SuperYac,love this game can not wait till euro truck sim 3 :3 gl with the game
76561198059015422,Recommended,227300,8979148,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,jbart,"With over 100 hours into the game I am still enjoying it.  If you like simulation gameplay this is a game you should consider.  Good simulation, Good graphics, Good gameplay. It is in my top 15 simulation games of all time.  However with this said its not an overly involved or complex game.  I find myself playing it to relax and just get out of the REAL world.  I like games that allow me to expand and explore which this game does very well.I also like simulation games with some business strategy aspect.  While I wish the business strategy portion of this game had even more depth it certainly has enough to keep me wanting to build my trucking empire.If you like a simulation game with business strategy and the ability to explore a large landscape you will enjoy Euro Truck Sim 2."
,Recommended,227300,14455833,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Percy Prolapse Squid Licker,"something that no one would ever think that they would enjoy.... but a game that no one who has played it can deny is fantastic!Drive a truck, develop your business, drive a truck, buy more trucks, drive a truck, employ drivers, drive a truck, purchase garages throughout europe, drive a truck, fill up your truck, drive a truck, sleep before you crash, drive a truck, discover new places throughout Europe, drive a truck, take a break for a minute and have a panini, then DRIVE A TRUCK"
76561198049949381,Recommended,227300,16622310,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,lancelot2001ca,"Good sim even though it does not have lots of trucks or truck parts.The game designers focus more on EYECANDY rahter than the game itself or adding more truck parts like new engines or other parts to improve the efficiency of your vehicle.They have thousands of truck skins, but only two ""expansions"" which adds very little to the sim. I don't know what these designer guys do, but they do little else than add new truck skins to their sim.I did not buy a single one of them since I don't see the point... on top of that, all these skins are sold almost separately instead on in a single package. Like every sking pack only contains a few skins and they expect us to buy these? COME ON! Please don't waste your money on skins unless they bundle them into one package, they're worth no money at all since they add nothing to the game, there are no truck contest and the truck does not perform better with skins. Beside, you drive your truck more from the inside of it than the outside, so I don't see the point of having skins...Hell! I don't even buy the skins found inside the base game since they cost as much or more than engines! LOL How lame is that?If these designers would spend as much time on expanding the game as they put into stupid skins, we would have an awesome sim... but nope, they prefer to waste their time and resources on useless skins.The sim itself is good right now, but like all sim, it has a short life, you get sick of it eventually since there is no end, no goal really. You just pick-up and deliver and get more money, to get more trucks and employees to make more money. You don't get any DING-DING victory.I'm saying the sim is good right now because when it was released, it was stupid (physics were all wrong, the AI was dumb at best, etc.) and buggy. Quite lame game designers... but they did not abandoned their game in opposition to many designers and games found on Steam (Don't even know why there aren't any laws that protects the consumers against such frauds and why steam sells faulty products without any penalties or fines from law officials. As a store, they are required to sell working products, not faulty ones.).Anyways, don't pay more than 5$ for the base game, and NOTHING for useless skins unless they put them all together ine ONE and ONLY ONE DLC!!!"
,Recommended,227300,17036484,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Warguy,Best way to kick back and relax driving around europe9/10 would be very relaxedthat 1 person would be raging cause they crashed there truck
76561198163869280,Recommended,227300,29100696,Posted: 7 January,all,Horsey Horsington,My parents didn’t get why I loved this game.Said I was a loser and a weirdo.So I built my transport company into a million dollar empire just to show her what I’m capable of.I haven’t heard from them in a while.
,Recommended,227300,18747758,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,James Gaff,- Take a job- Make money- Buy a truck- Take more jobs- Hire people- ???- profit?10/10 would play again
,Recommended,227300,21551583,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Darkerzer,amazing
,Recommended,227300,19413469,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,C0bra_M3nace,There was contruction on the highway. With a construction worker.10/10
76561198327178137,Recommended,227300,33754082,Posted: 23 July,all,''SKINUP.GG'',awesome game
,Recommended,227300,33747038,Posted: 23 July,all,BONZAZA,85 / 100
,Recommended,227300,8565822,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,JestaR!,Never played a sim in my life....I'm glad this was my first. ^.^
76561198086137428,Recommended,227300,28515312,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Namert | cs.money,"Wow, for some days ago where you made a new update me stearingwheel would not connect with the game! It all happend after the new update"
,Recommended,227300,33187969,Posted: 3 July,all,te comiste mis natillas,esta bien paa echar un rato xd
,Recommended,227300,33859316,Posted: 28 July,all,SimTransit,"One of the best truck simulators on Steam, Recommend."
,Recommended,227300,25883898,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Capitalism is a Shame,l
76561198142925181,Recommended,227300,27988598,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ducken Hähnchen,ok game
76561198190097946,Recommended,227300,33207721,Posted: 3 July,all,TeeVE,This game learnt me all the laws and how to drive correctly 10/10 would bumb into gas station again.
,Recommended,227300,13433293,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Rave,So Much Fun I Love Driving Games And This One Is By Far My Fave!
,Recommended,227300,14260066,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,menfrinjinson,what makes it fun is you drive about in a big car and u make delivery 2 other foreign countries e.g scotland. the only bad part about it is u can't get out ur car to go on walks and stretch your legs 2 prevent deep vein thrombosis which makes it not so much a real simulation. 5/5
76561198183636473,Recommended,227300,24958468,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Alexandruu,with promods map this game is more atractive!i love promods map but you need scandinavia and going east dlcs
,Recommended,227300,33852709,Posted: 28 July,all,Cristiftw28 hellcase.com,Its a very nice game !
76561198342482913,Recommended,227300,33370204,Posted: 8 July,all,xRectKaanYT,knkarkadaş olarak ekle ben kaan
,Recommended,227300,20917825,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Cetateanul BENZA AUREL,"Well , this game is very amazing ! I recommend this game !"
,Recommended,227300,8216066,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,.Vision,"Talkin' Bout dang ol' riggin' man. Driving at night and stuff like that. Toll roads and red light cameras might get you for that dang fine, so what out for them sneaky beavers. You can even add more lights or a sweet azz paint job to your rig... choice. You can even use your wheel with it for even more trucking simulation (Tested with a Driving Force GT). Go on and get some miles on that new scania rig you picked up!"
,Recommended,227300,27605734,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,fUZi -iwnl-,LUL
76561198211996271,Recommended,227300,26323719,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,I smell noob OH WAIT IT'S ME,Good game
,Recommended,227300,26326648,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,R3K7em ♌,"Really nice game, with nice graphics!Recommended"
,Recommended,227300,27601282,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zinub,Lay down that hammer and keep on trucking!
,Recommended,227300,27361101,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,לולומין ダ الشعار 的 Солнца,"This game is surprisingly good. If you want a game to chill to, this is it."
76561198091662617,Recommended,227300,24647782,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,GoHardOrGoHome,So good game i hardly recomend it .
,Recommended,227300,24676057,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Hectic,9/11: UK drives on the wrong side.
,Recommended,227300,31749033,Posted: 14 May,all,ILOVETHEWALL ツ,"Great game, quite realistic and fun 9.5/10"
,Recommended,227300,34516423,Posted: 26 August,all,b0nk,You people know a lot about trucks
76561197985368940,Recommended,227300,8446304,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,They Call Me Josh,"Being someone who is working on their CDL, this game actually has good simulation physics and real reactions which is what makes it a great game, to play with, or even familiarize yourself with watching traffic, changing lanes, lane gap consistancy, etc... well worth the money, esp the christmas sales price"
76561198061142502,Recommended,227300,16533191,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,el muchacho pigo,You drive a vehicle around europe.10/10 would experience daily routine in this game again..
,Recommended,227300,13528944,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sainichi,It is NOT fun at allbutI can't stop playing--------------------EDITEDI finally found my answers it's a Retarder Triggering Sound. I completely in love with her. I trigger retarder for noreason and crashed that make 25% damage to my truck and 26% to trailer but I don't care I in love withere
,Recommended,227300,13125578,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,warkrimes 101,"Refreshing... not all games require death and cheat codes to be enjoyable.A driving game... surprisingly difficult.In-game radio station list for streaming... pretty awesome feature.The AI drivers are actually intelligent... imagine that.If my friends and relatives liked playing games, I'd buy a copy for each of them."
,Recommended,227300,30788677,Posted: 28 March,all,Bagol Cok,Good
76561198153979061,Recommended,227300,30799981,Posted: 28 March,all,storvus,I just discovered cruise control! A life changer! 5/7 for this game!
76561198194817366,Recommended,227300,30791062,Posted: 28 March,all,Deku 悪魔,funny and very nice game :D
76561198170498405,Recommended,227300,14392262,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Veterssevera123,e
76561198201032895,Recommended,227300,21607046,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,KvB3q,The best game ever!!!! <3
,Recommended,227300,23794995,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,✪jannet<3,Best game!
76561198031389152,Recommended,227300,20888143,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Witchfinder-General,Autism Simulator 2016
,Recommended,227300,31737770,Posted: 13 May,all,XXXtentacion,good walking simulator
,Recommended,227300,11278593,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Haechiko,AWESOME
,Recommended,227300,13911015,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Autistic sentient toaster,"Alright in short bursts of one or two jobs at a time but the traffic AI is so amazingly♥♥♥♥♥♥poor that playing for anything longer than an hour will quickly frustrate as the game punishes you for it's own suicidal traffic.The game while seeming large at first also quickly falls sort due to cities being tiny and poorly detailed, even capitals rarely go beyond the scope of a small town."
,Recommended,227300,32165367,Posted: 3 June,all,DugDynasty,Stop reading reviews and just buy this gem.
76561198142069174,Recommended,227300,20422017,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Fuck my pussy #Bianca,a
,Recommended,227300,16012399,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Natzoo,"This game is really fun when you are bored. I wish i could return it though. It gets very boring fast, but ive only played this game for 2 hours and only owned it for less than  a day"
,Recommended,227300,27095982,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alexa....,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is that rare thing, a strong sim tethered to a strong game. Where other vehicle-obsessed devs seem to take player motivation for granted.There's satisfaction in exploring new routes, seeing new golden been-there-done-that squiggles appearing on the in-game map, but it tends to be the promise of cold, hard cash that gets you out of bed in the morning."
,Recommended,227300,32162504,Posted: 3 June,all,acdcdave1387,"Fan-freakin-tastic game. Many would find moseying along in a giant truck from one city to the next quite boring. I too thought that this would bore me. I was very wrong. There is something exceptionally therapeutic about cruising along the highway with a heavy payload. It can be challenging at times when you have to slow down on the highway and try to get back to speed again when using a manual transmission. Then when you actually get to the destination, trying to accurately park one of these huge trailers is 10x harder than it looks. This will easily give you respect for real world truck drivers.Despite how great this game looks and sounds the actual physical size on your PC is outstandingly small. It is well optimized for the most part and the controls for a G27 work perfectly right out of the box. I can't recommend this title enough. The DLC by the way adds a LOT more map to the game world and it goes beyond saying that you MUST get it."
76561198093398345,Recommended,227300,31717524,Posted: 13 May,all,MIKPER hellcase.com,It's nice game a have a 300 h. and it styll fun
,Recommended,227300,32164863,Posted: 3 June,all,Zethome,u drive big trucks lol
76561198112861440,Recommended,227300,30544947,Posted: 16 March,all,Banjo Bombear Plays,Great game would reccomend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!SOMEBODY KILL ME
76561198238889010,Recommended,227300,17340429,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ETS2Master,this isnt a dig at the game its a dig at steam. you should be able to get a refund if you by the game for 30 dollars and then it comes on sale with in three days for 10 dollars.
,Recommended,227300,20149132,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,-GamingBeast-,"Well, This is AmazingThe Game is good in itself without modsEverytime I lunch it i fall in love with it againMP Is Pretty Good but watchout from idiotsDLC's Are Worth itNo words to describe this amazing game10/10 Would SIt back Relax and Have a  fabulous time with this Game Again, :D."
76561198304632361,Recommended,227300,23392368,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,kundal12,good job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,27601907,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,altakendrick47,"Get one sedan car mod and put on a VR device with gaming wheel ,best way to learn how to parking without crashing others."
,Recommended,227300,26326126,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,baigiuiburna@one.lt,Poorly optimised game but still fun
,Recommended,227300,27601619,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Neonridex,Very Long travel
76561198083022553,Recommended,227300,13140168,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,MooshkibooLoverOfTheMasses,out of all simulator games ets2 is the best ever
,Recommended,227300,14952480,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Melvin O'Hoolihan,"If you've ever wanted to go to a third world country but you're smart enough to realize that going there would be a enormous waste of time, this is the game for you!"
76561198118006843,Recommended,227300,27642313,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Neli chefcases.com,this game is so cool bracuse i lost so much time  and this game is revolutionary for all the peoplewho played
76561197961252933,Recommended,227300,8137305,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,H_M_Huggles,"A lot less boring than you might think. It is lots better graphically over previous incarnations of Hard Truck or Euro Truck. It has several time saving features - a GPS for start, looking out of your driver window in one mouse controlled motion. The driving is good, althoguh to start with you have to do such a lot of jobs before you can hire your own drivers and own a truck. That said it is useful to get a feel for which trucks you're going to buy...eventually.The job system is simple with map navigation so you can see where you are going and yes! they have finally added the function to skip reversing your trailer back to the delivery point.Driving is a lot more realistic, whereas before you could chug along not really worrying about other road users, but in ETS2, the fines for running red lights and flippin UK speed cameras soon mount up!The fuel / rest stops are pretty much the same, except the rest stop is more clearly marked out with other truckers parking their trailers there as well.You don't automatically see all things on your map either as when you drive to an area, you 'discover' local businesses like recruitment agencies etc, so it's an incentive to drive around.All in all, this is a good game :)"
,Recommended,227300,13302422,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,฿Ɇ₳₴₮ ♔,Trucking whilst listening to metal \m/10/10Sometimes though i get carried away and go a few miles over the speed limit.
,Recommended,227300,20042223,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rykor,HONK HONK MOTHERF**KER!!
76561198216272584,Recommended,227300,15893506,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,chubbyfatbaby,spiderman is awesome
76561198211304169,Recommended,227300,24087703,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,matthew91486,This game is amazing I've played over 30 hours as of now and it's still fun interesting and it's relaxing
,Recommended,227300,25982326,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Crow-Zee,"Fantastic ,good graphics , but need more cities okay"
,Recommended,227300,34085277,Posted: 7 August,all,**<#Long!!Time#>**,"A kedvenc kamionos szimulátorom!4!!!! :) Ha az alap játékot meguntad, a workshop-ban sok sok mod található hozzá."
76561198087163718,Recommended,227300,26226784,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Joddo,Great relaxing game. Euro Truck Simulator 2 is best with DLCs. I am always looking forward to new DLCs.
76561198157185603,Recommended,227300,26223115,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,StriguiZera \0/,OTIMO JOGO MUITO BOM!
76561198281249924,Recommended,227300,27959752,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Petrix,Best game EVER
,Recommended,227300,25603745,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,SLASHER,Good Game
,Recommended,227300,32815032,Posted: 26 June,all,DJ SI97 FLASHYFLASHY.COM,good
76561198123459202,Recommended,227300,8803353,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,lrmontoya,can't get the gear shifter to work on Ubuntu 12.04 LTS.... besides that the game is pretty good....
76561198302846051,Recommended,227300,33234694,Posted: 4 July,all,StuartLittle,Cool
76561198241231058,Recommended,227300,20448612,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,doodle bug,excellent game so good i decided to do a youtube channel on itplease check it out if your not sure on buying it or nothttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnFbKvnv47DB374noa40iDw
,Recommended,227300,7750186,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,pewBotzi,Awesome game to chill and drive a Truck xD
,Recommended,227300,32589548,Posted: 20 June,all,Bogioni,I love this game!Especially multyplayer mod when I'm 10 km to the destination and someone crash me. <3
76561198059674646,Recommended,227300,10990867,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jingle Dale,"My false sence of achivment is PEAKING!!!!Ive also determined that I tend to fall asleep while driving.ETS2 a great passtime. No onslaughts no puzzles, just the occasional passing drivers inthe oncoming lanes shoulder. ""East bound and down"" indeed."
,Recommended,227300,34052382,Posted: 5 August,all,Couchy,Awesome game I really love it!
,Recommended,227300,31757744,Posted: 14 May,all,Fext,"A very well made casual game. If you think this game is boring, just try it out and you'll achieve a feel of accomplishment once you've delivered something.It seems like you're doing something productive and also it is a LOT more fun to play Multiplayer. (TruckersMP)"
,Recommended,227300,23549723,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Ninja6460,I feel like a legendary truck driver................................ Very good game and nice graphics (even if you play with laptop!) I recommend to buy this game!
,Recommended,227300,20190757,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,the eyebrow dancer,"My dad likes it, so why shouldn't another 45 year old dude?"
76561198141112287,Recommended,227300,20527429,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Smartrucker12,A complete game with everything anybody would want. PLZ PLZ PLZ buy this and get the cabin accessories dlc because that makes the game amazing but yeah this is the best game to be put on steam
76561198047139139,Recommended,227300,20615506,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Anime Queen_IDK,Like Skyrim with Guns
,Recommended,227300,13777375,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,lemon,Fun. A good way to pass the time until I can drive in real life....
76561198138908536,Recommended,227300,34235553,Posted: 14 August,all,driver.55,bang tidy
,Recommended,227300,12061953,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Mr. Mayhem,10/10 best game yes
,Recommended,227300,24929363,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,NinjaNick,super fun relaxing game
,Recommended,227300,11932696,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,ProAce,Awesome game
,Recommended,227300,11921662,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Sib The Squid™,"The Simulator genre is something I consider to be filled with a load of crappy and half finished games with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ physics. This game is an exception, in that its a pretty fun game to play so far. It has an interesting choice of trucks, my favourite so far being MAN and DAF.The scale of the game I find to be another great thing to see, some of the countryside can be beautiful and also the small details of say, a tractor working in the fields. Cities feel lacking however, but I suppose that is a small price to pay.I would rate this game 7 Choc Chip muffins and maybe 1 happy meal."
76561197980634040,Recommended,227300,11904371,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Backwardshadow,A REAL EXPOLRATION BLAST AND THRILLS OF BEING A TRUCKER
76561197974588589,Recommended,227300,11919606,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,[Impact]Tolero317,"I love this game.  You'd think it would be boring or monotonous, but it is awesome.  Managing a company and driving.  Sooooooothing."
76561198065971422,Recommended,227300,11912369,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Meister H,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is an unique simulation game. If you like simulation games, you should play this game.Great atmosphere, good graphics and more.In addition they always develop game with updates and dlc packs.So it is definitely worth buying.Open your music and enjoy the journey."
76561198145102119,Recommended,227300,13354783,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,AutoPilotOn,"9 out of 10Kids, if you want to learn how to drive in real life, this is, at least, one of the best games to play.Having played car simulators since the 90s, I can say this is absolutely one of the most engaging driving games I have ever played. It makes you feel like you're really driving in reality. It manages to do what many racing games don't - to give you a realistic sense of speed. You might be doing only 70 to 90 km/h but you'll feel it the same way you would if driving in reality, unlike what happens with many racing games, where 200km/h feel like 90 km/h, and so on. The business component connected to the game is equally addictive It makes you want to expand a company, hire people, buy garages and buy trucks from all the manufacturers, as much as driving the trucks.The trucks are beautifully made, feel real while driving, and a pleasure to drive, even with a keyboard (the cruise control feature is very helpful), and the truck purchasing as well as the upgrading of parts and maintenance really feels incredibly realistic. The game deals with real mechanical parts (at least they seem real) from the real world. The traffic in the game features cars which exist in reality, and the AI behaves a lot like drivers do in the real world. If you forget to use your turn signal (I recommend changing the turn signal key assignment to ""Q"" ""E"" if you're using WSAD keys to drive), that will make the difference between them crashing into you or not. If you forget the high-beams on, the drivers will flash you so you turn them off, just like in reality lol. You can't simply switch lanes without a care in the world. Switching lanes requires the same coordination between rearview mirror and watching what's in front of you as driving in the real world. You have to watch the rear view mirrors and make sure no one is on the next lane and only then go in. You also have to keep your eye on the signs because not only you'll be fined for various traffic violations (speeding; running a red light, etc) but you'll also find yourself on the wrong lane, inadvertently taking an unintended exit from the freeway. You'll also practice coordination by reading GPS information without distracting yourself from the road. This is also a realistic component of driving (even though you can also pause the game to do this). Unlike most other driving games, in this game, your point of view is not static. You are inside the cabin of the truck and you are free to look in whichever direction you want. And that cabin will change appearance depending on the exterior lighting (sun, shade, day, night, traffic lights, etc). Then there's countless other details such as managing your rest (which can be done at parking areas/ rest areas, etc.), fuel  (you have to watch your gas and watch the distance between service stops, or you might have a surprise and the trucks have different fuel capacities). It's just mind-blowing the level of realistic detail in this game. These are all details which happen in real world driving and which you don't find in most driving games. All this while maintaining a simple and nicely done user interface. The learning curve (including the business component) is fairly easy but not in a way that'd make the game uninteresting. One thing that'll take the player some time to master is getting used to driving in real-sized lanes, with a truck lol. I recommend using auto-shift while you get used to the the other aspects of driving, and only then moving to manual, if you like manual shifting. This is quite a challenge and one of the things that makes this game interesting, but you'll soon get to grips with it.The one thing that I think could be improved and I'm sure it'll be improved in later versions of this game, is a more realistic ratio between real distance and game distance. For any driver who drives in real life, seeing 20 km go by as 3 or 4 makes the game feel not as realistic as it could. But this is really a minor detail and it won't detract, not even in the least from the wonderful pleasure that awaits you. This distance detail is possibly a limitation that is connected to the impossibility of replicating the real distance of all the countries covered. So I'd say it's a great job done in that department, for now, and I hope the real game distance keeps increasing in future releases. Some people complain about unrealism in extreme situations but forget about extreme situations. This game is meant for you to take driving seriously and drive in a civilized way. If you achieve that, then all of the feedback you get will be incredibly realistic. It's the closest you can possibly get from real driving and miles away from its competition.This game has an in-game music manager which you can use to listen to your own music folder, although you can also easily use a music service such as Spotify while you play it as long as you have keyboard multimedia shortcuts. The game also allows you to tune into and listen to radio while driving. It has an assortment of radio stations specially picked from several European countries to increase immersion in the European setting (you listen to the languages of the countries you're driving in) but it also has several stations playing American music (these are featured as from England but the music is American) so it's really your choice. The game's music is great as an immersion factor, but playing your own music while playing this game really is a zen experience. Another feature which, seemingly unimportant, has a noticeable impact is that when you alt+tab while playing the game, it minimizes the game as if it were any other application and will stay minimized independently of what other windows you open/ close, always allowing free access to the desktop. This is great when you are doing something and playing the game simultaneously.I own the latest need for speed hot pursuit, and I like it, but I prefer this game hands down because it feels that much more real. If you're one of those people who like to drive in GTA as realitically as possible, following the rules etc, then you will worship this game. Don't forget to turn on the radio!"
76561198207915117,Recommended,227300,20599612,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,PinkPachimari,AWESOME
,Recommended,227300,14032632,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Sniping114p,ITS A GREAT FOCKING GAME. Luvd it m8. Go buy it!!!!
76561198109592629,Recommended,227300,28257015,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Skinner,Good game .the best
,Recommended,227300,26973885,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AlexMegabyte,nais
,Recommended,227300,32176111,Posted: 4 June,all,SK,Good game for people who love slow pace games and trucking!
76561198160267557,Recommended,227300,34062732,Posted: 6 August,all,Mikuś,Nice game. Don't play online though. To many Turkish and russian idiots ram into you
76561198329784976,Recommended,227300,32681830,Posted: 23 June,all,nodiko41,tu shegidzliat chemi kodis gadmowera damaviwyda da rom mowerot?
,Recommended,227300,34310440,Posted: 17 August,all,TheGodOfDawn,Bence iyi.Yalla Arabia
76561198103082287,Recommended,227300,21719989,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Wendys Baconator,LOVE IT
,Recommended,227300,33497734,Posted: 13 July,all,Olaf The Brave,"Top game,If you like Trucks and driving this is game for you .The world is really nice and all just works!They really know how to make the simulation perfect!"
76561198074453550,Recommended,227300,28898013,Posted: 1 January,all,B£A$T,great game :)
,Recommended,227300,16627305,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Durzai ©,+Nice trucks+Nice map+Logic+You can add mods (if you want)-Look crap on medium grathic-Idiot cars
,Recommended,227300,31871499,Posted: 20 May,all,Jewkeb,This has to be the most boring yet addictive game yet.
76561198062470811,Recommended,227300,17189638,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Only HS,i love eruo truck Because this game fun is same for full gaming
,Recommended,227300,30110880,Posted: 22 February,all,Soleiman™ ソレイマン Osu!,Think Of It As A Drug......Really Enjoyable.
,Recommended,227300,13924744,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,FmanR,"Couldn't find anywhere to get pep pills - not realistic! 0/10! just kidding, thought this game would be incredibly boring even on my rift dk2, mocked it relentlessly with my brother, then bought it while it was on sale. Took me an hour of play to decide it was worth investing $250 in a steering wheel setup. Several hours later and I feel like a jerk for judging this game before playing it. To all those who scoffed like I did - Try it out, this is a beautifully made sim which will have you playing for hours on end."
,Recommended,227300,32478710,Posted: 16 June,all,iiiI,You drive a truck what more is there to say!
,Recommended,227300,18715774,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,JoSh™,Excellent Game
,Recommended,227300,34549914,Posted: 28 August,all,UzayGLR,Oldukça eğlenceli Daha eğlenceli olan ise save dosyalarının  bulunması ve para kıtlığından kurtulmakDirekston seti ile oynanan en iyi grafiklere ve en iyi olabilecek kadar iyi mekaniklere sahip olması eğer 10 üzerinden değerverirsem bu8/10  olurduTavsiye ediyorum arkadaşlarla girildiğinde iyi konvoy yaparsınız :D ayrıca DLC indirin ve diğer Bölgeleri keşfedin(reklam gibi oldu)
,Recommended,227300,27561513,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TURBOSKILL,Trucks tbh
,Recommended,227300,16708377,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,accident,I'd pay another $30 for a DLC that lets me flip people off.
17264208182459102,Recommended,227300,11940938,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Mr. Snickers,"If you don't like trucks, you may think you wouldn't like this game but this is a really addictive game either way! I don't know what this game posseses to make it so addictive... But, it just is! I haven't bought it yet, I share it with a friend. Really considering in buying it!"
,Recommended,227300,18268903,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,N!nj4,yes
,Recommended,227300,29922431,Posted: 14 February,all,PalpyBoi,"The song in the trailer alone is enough to make you want to buy this game, Dewit my young apprentice."
76561198117838965,Recommended,227300,10839521,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Skiba,good game!!
76561198112192917,Recommended,227300,34516477,Posted: 26 August,all,lilasgrace,I cant open the steam app please help me
,Recommended,227300,17874303,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,MATTHEW,"Was unsure on whether to buy or not to buy this game in the past, only recently I purchased it that all along this was a game that has certain attachements with it which made me fall in love with Euro Truck this is why:Pros:• Detailed instruments (parking brake, indicators, engine on etc.)• Open World scenary (Ai move around, stop at lights and act realistic in the environment)• Able to travel to known places around the world (Paris, Stockholm, Frankfurt etc.)• Trucks (real brands, customizable, DLC trucks for more action)Cons:• Ai con randomly turn into your lane causing you a penalty sometimes• Ai stop randomly in lanes causing a traffic jam when there is no cause of one itselfThese are the only problems at the moment with the game, other than that this game is spectacular to play. its one of those games you can chill/relax to after a hard day at work/school.10/10"
76561198003160857,Recommended,227300,8456920,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Simmo89,awsome fun
,Recommended,227300,10427920,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Rolee,The best truck simulator :)
76561198326782967,Recommended,227300,28712557,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,C R U C I A L,3>
76561198091017091,Recommended,227300,23620487,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,PastelMint,"This game is so good, I would recommend it to anyone who loves driving around.Pros -- Good gameplay- Fun to playCons -- Bad graphics- Radio is bad quality- Laggy sometimes"
,Recommended,227300,28682994,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mods_o_joy,"the devs release map expansions and general gameplay/customization mechanics as Dlc's instead of updates to the base game, which makes no sense, we are getting an incomplete product and have to pay to complete it.EDIT: Still think its bull that most of the map is locked via dlc's that cost more then the game itsself when i purchased it. but i do recommend it."
76561198303830523,Recommended,227300,34491996,Posted: 25 August,all,Sir Joseph Stevens,one of the greatest games released.
76561198040317132,Recommended,227300,11809704,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Sp00paddon 지옥,"ETS2 is an OK game, it's not brilliant (in my opinion) but it's not bad either.It's alright if you want to bore yourself to death by driving a truck all day without a hell of a lot to do in the game. I mean it's a simulator, what do you expect aye? The controls and interface do cause a little bit of confusion, asides that it's pretty much a very straight forward 'game'."
,Recommended,227300,14230705,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Procrastinator Adam,"An absolutely unbelievable game made by extremely talented people! Stunning graphics, physics so good that when you crash you say to yourself ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥"" and it makes you care. It makes you careful. It takes you in, and you feel like you're in real life. You can't stop in the middle of the road, you have to keep going until you finish your extraordinary journey. Highly recommended! I guarantee you will have NO major complaints!"
,Recommended,227300,21351011,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Я НЕ РОФЛЮ,nice
,Recommended,227300,31959843,Posted: 25 May,all,λ﻿ NA7HAN ˣᴰ,"Very relaxing game. I like it. It has a lot of mods too. If you're the chilling kinda guy, buy this game. It's more fun with a wheel. I prefer the logitech G27 wheel. You can buy this game at sales for 10€ to maybe 3€.:D"
76561198378373184,Recommended,227300,35066232,Posted: 19 September,all,L.V.P. | D4VIX,its ok...
76561198019354251,Recommended,227300,19141512,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jacko1144,"i've had this game for some time, but was unable to enjoy it as i only had a xbox controller. i have now invested in a steering wheel and once you get the setup correct then the enjoyment starts. i also have 3 monitors and it feels so real driving at night, mods also make for a better experience. totally recommended."
76561198055140506,Recommended,227300,5790561,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,shooter15,激しい殺し合いやかったるいストーリー、頭をフル回転させるゲームに疲れたらこれ。男ならトラックでしょ。
,Recommended,227300,30062905,Posted: 20 February,all,Wolfik,"Dobrá hra, ale už stará. Chtělo by to něco nového.špatné na tom je, že je tam mnoho DLC které jsou placená. Evropa není celá a musíte/chcete si koupit DLC aby jste si odemkli další část evropy..."
,Recommended,227300,25573722,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Cake.,I absolutely love playing this game. It's actually very fun. The AI sucks though...
76561197968702675,Recommended,227300,18814752,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,FeRRoX,"Boring, imperfect, yet strangely satisfying. Build up your own fleet of trucks while you listen to some weird country webradio and struggle to park your trailer in someones way too small backyard.What am i doing with my life."
76561198361704060,Recommended,227300,29658174,Posted: 2 February,all,imanwahyudi75,yes
76561198071894584,Recommended,227300,10572527,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,m.cummings1956,grate game
76561198078529593,Recommended,227300,19959185,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,KrommePoekel,wurf
76561198316001702,Recommended,227300,26665979,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,mtab838,we need online open it ?
,Recommended,227300,33818906,Posted: 26 July,all,vitreex,"Great game,Nice to play with friendsYou can spend many hours in this gameI recommend to everyone vitreex ;)"
76561197986375480,Recommended,227300,23932881,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,𝐄𝐁𝐄𝐋𝐓𝐎𝐅𝐓,I actually got a job.
,Recommended,227300,7655709,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Coca-Cola Life,"Surprisingly immersive for a game about driving a truck. Map is gigantic and detailed, trucks handle like trucks. Deadlines to meet, speed limits to stay under. Turn on the radio (where you can load up online radio stations or MP3s) and watch the pavement roll by."
76561197964057866,Recommended,227300,30168224,Posted: 25 February,all,Lord Apophis,This game is amazing and the quality is just satisfying
76561198169380169,Recommended,227300,22670403,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,LaurRsk,I love this game
,Recommended,227300,30125039,Posted: 23 February,all,Kek,"Great fun. I played at release on the disk version but moved to Steam. The game is great fun despite seeming boring at first but it turns out to be quite fun. There is a good variety of trucks to choose from and many customisation options. DLCs are good, map expansions are worthwhile. Multiplayer mod is also really good fun. I would recommend checking it out."
,Recommended,227300,16495221,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Eggo Doggo,gg
76561198045352733,Recommended,227300,28943149,Posted: 2 January,all,AcePkz®,[Legendary Trucker]:Just try it :) Im sure you will like it.
,Recommended,227300,33498255,Posted: 13 July,all,Dutchie055🏁☣,"Endless fun, mods, multiplayer..."
76561198086163337,Recommended,227300,7474218,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,GER4ER,Для любителей грузовиков.
,Recommended,227300,19984825,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,GLADTOHELP,Great game.Get a jobSpend all day trying not to crash.Car suddenly stops in front of you.50% damage.Limp to service.Repair truck.Do it all again.Build your own company. Be a millionaire. What's not to love.
76561198361276305,Recommended,227300,31720346,Posted: 13 May,all,69 Pidar Dibyl,+rp
,Recommended,227300,7852108,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Tamborine Enthusiast Convention,"This game really shouldn't be good. It's a game about driving trucks through Europe. It doesn't sould like it would be, should be, or even could be fun. But somehow the developers took a profoundly boring idea for a game and made it incredibly enjoyable and actually quite engaging. And I can't explain why. but it is, and it's easily worth its asking price"
,Recommended,227300,29176988,Posted: 10 January,all,DiViNe,"No doubt, it's the best simulator game ever made.. U all should buy it and support the dev :D"
,Recommended,227300,8005070,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,ComradeNixco,Nice simulation game
,Recommended,227300,34813957,Posted: 8 September,all,Gabi Looking For Some Love <3,"In my point of view,this game is basically bad. I'm sure that the multiplayer and the good mods are keeping the game alive. For sure,like every game it has pros and cons,and i will show you. Travelling across europe is fascinating,the game have a lot of players because of this. SCS have a good potential,as we can see at the latest updates (map in general). When they started with the game,they picked the most things from ETS 1 (trucks,parts of the map),was the basically the same withoutt some psychics,and the graphics. Everyone talks about the graphic engine and optimization which are bad,still bad after 4 years.  The game needs some REAL phychics,everybody know team Promods,so if their map will be in game,it will have a more potential,these are the most important in my point of view. And i repeat: If multiplayer mode weren't the game was nothing. The MP bring the most players.PROS:-the work done last months (this is all i have to say)-languages ​​all over the world-World of trucks brings more funCONS:-bad psychics (you can not take the 120-hour curve without balancing with 20 tons behind)-boring map without mods-too expensive dlcs price-quality-more than half  a year for making Scania Next Generation (with hunderds of programmers)-bad AI traffic"
,Recommended,227300,16481483,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,°°RPK°°,GG
,Recommended,227300,16480725,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,LsN,nais geim
,Recommended,227300,13823349,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ByrdeMan,Ran a red light and caused a 15 car pile up and only got a 350 dollar fine. 11/10
,Recommended,227300,32925674,Posted: 28 June,all,超高校級の正常人,I thought refugees are everywhere in this game...
,Recommended,227300,29413806,Posted: 21 January,all,🎮TITAN🎮,This game is amazing never played pc games before
76561198181677825,Recommended,227300,33554005,Posted: 15 July,all,76561198181677825,WHERES THAT STUPID ♥♥♥♥♥ THAT TOOK MY BONELESS PIZZA AND MY STALE M3M3S
76561197994346855,Recommended,227300,8040775,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,gloken40k,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 isn't a game for everyone.  However, if you've ever driven a truck of any kind, and towed some sort of cargo (i.e. - a trailer, boat, camper), then this game may appeal to you.  The basic premise is to drive your truck through the cities and rural areas of Europe while ""loosely"" following traffic laws and safely arriving at your destination with cargo intact, on-time.  It doesn't sound like much, but it is quite time consuming, and can wear on you if you try to log too many hours on this game.The graphics and sound are not great, but adequate for this type of game, but the control is superb when compared to driving a real big rig.  Especially if you manually park the trailer at the end of a run.I bought the main game and DLC during one of the major Steam sales, so it makes playing this game even sweeter.  I enjoy picking this game up from time to time, logging maybe 3 hours, and then leaving it to come back weeks later, although some people I know like to play for weeks at a time.If you're looking to break the monotony of the usual gaming experience, maybe give this one a try.   To me, playing this game is kind of like reading a book series that you like to keep coming back to."
76561198117247658,Recommended,227300,16517723,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,XXBattlefield207,Alot better with the addon!
,Recommended,227300,13546225,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,keviL`,Very good simulator. Available DLCs is a plus.
,Recommended,227300,16669277,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Growl,"Brilliant game, it has great optimization, even though my PC isn't the best I can still play it at a decent FPS. The detail that the game has is just too much! The modelling of the trucks are sublime. I have no complaints SCS!"
,Recommended,227300,13459263,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hydrohornet,Me rikee
,Recommended,227300,13139622,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Conso,"I bought it out of curiosity and because of a sale.I installed it, and at first I was a bit bored, but I continued. Then ich started getting the hang of it, and I kept spielen for stundes und stundes.Jetzt bin ich Deutsch, und ich habe vor, nach Düsseldorf zu bewegen, um ein LKW-Fahrer zu werden"
,Recommended,227300,14914728,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,r4serei [FTP],"Driving trucks is fun... for a few hours, then you get blood clots and have a stroke."
,Recommended,227300,19345111,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,JustMeCristi,"One of the best simulators i have ever played, it really does its job as a simulator and its even better with the 'TruckersMP' mod that allows you to play Multiplayer. (and it's actually very good made for a mod)"
76561198042424359,Recommended,227300,25583493,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,trelfly,this is a great game
,Recommended,227300,25384644,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Rocket Raccoon,"10/10 would speed 110 cutting people off yelling ""GET OUT THE WAY"" while hitting them with trailer again"
,Recommended,227300,24178713,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Znetc,"When I feel tired and don't want to play action games, I launch ETS2, and watch some movie on the second monitor. So far the game worth my money."
,Recommended,227300,19438051,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,CoppyNick,I feel like real driver on this game ! ;D
,Recommended,227300,13159604,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,KushkiN,Super Cool game
,Recommended,227300,10938119,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,JkE,Best game !
76561198072302986,Recommended,227300,33282545,Posted: 5 July,all,Dragon,One of the best Games and Mod support on Steam. Great DLC expansions and customisation for your trucks. Recommend highly.
,Recommended,227300,19851673,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,C-210 | AJ W.,"I love this game, Running Red Lights , Speeding , making people crash running others off the road, Driving onto Oncomming Traffic Road Raging and Flicking people off and Swerving into the other lane when they try to pass you. This game has it all and it doesn't matter because 9 times out of 10 they dont speak english so you're safe. Don't for get those Insane crashes making people go from Truckers to Mark Watney not knowing where they flew off to or landed but who cares you'll still be alive and well they'll be... Upset.. Very upset.. Like, I'ma punch you through your monitor Upset, you can tell when what they're trying to say start having all kinds of characters and the !!!!111!11!!! , I'm yelling at you with 1's.. If you do get that response , you're doing it right.. so get out there buy this game get the Multiplayer Mod and... Drive worse then how you drive in GTA.. Make sure they can't drive off when you're done with them,... I don't do any of those things I follow the road rules from speed limits to red lights and also letting people pass me Happy Trucking and May The Odd Force Be Forever With you.."
,Recommended,227300,24092331,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,>ZF< Adminify,Amazing!!! i played it on my friends steam. i wish i could get it but i have no money D:
,Recommended,227300,33654143,Posted: 19 July,all,filipao223,very good
,Recommended,227300,20409635,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Sanitary Mousepad,This game needs to be optimized
,Recommended,227300,32151356,Posted: 3 June,all,Ray,Chilling Truck Simulator 9.5/10
76561198143883902,Recommended,227300,11239087,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,TerritorialRaptor,"This game is easily one of my favorites! You start off working for other companies and have to save up your money until you can buy your own truck and start your OWN company! There are several different truck brands in the game. Ranging from Volvo, Scania, MAN, DAF, IVECO and several more, you have plenty of vehicles to test drive until you decide which is best for you.This game is also very modable...possibly one of THE most modable games out there. Aside from the mods, the game has beutiful graphics, is very relaxing, and it certainly worth the $40.00 if you buy all of the downloadable content. This is the perfect game for a nice relaxing evening."
76561197964216287,Recommended,227300,12309220,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Remo,"This game surprised me greatly. When I saw the IGN review for it, I thought that can't be right. It's too high. Well I downloaded the demo, played it and enjoyed it plenty. It's a nice change from killing Zombies in DayZ, Rust, 7 Days To Die, COD, well pretty much every game in existance has zombies now, except this game. You can also copy over your favourite MP3s into their music folder to listen to in game. It's on sale now, buy the gold package."
,Recommended,227300,35116034,Posted: 21 September,all,kentuckyfriedmeerkat,"So weirdly addicted to this game. No shame, would recommend"
76561198105896035,Recommended,227300,34891775,Posted: 11 September,all,Unflinching Anthropophobic,"I rarely play simulation games because I don't really understand their appeal. However, Euro truck simulator has successfully won won my approval. Playing this game invokes a number of feelings. It reminds me of a cross between having a sedative and being woken up being trolled by a bunch of gamers who just can't bear to see a bad review you've posted about a game they are oh so loyal to, and then finding their overreactions rather amusing. But let's contextualise these feelings within the events of Euro Truck simulator 2.You can be quite happily driving along the motorway in your own sedate way, admiring the countryside and the occasional whistful mooing of cows. You've almost reached your delivery point. But suddenly, when changing lanes and you realise a damn vehicle has arrogantly occupied the lane that you were about to occupy in order to exit the motorway. The motorist scrapes into you and damages the precious cargo you were carrying. Enraged, you abandon your serene mood and start to ram the obnoxious twit so that he crashes into another lorry, hopefully causing a huge pile up. You smile as you drive up and out of the motorway knowing that although your cargo has been damaged justice has been served.Good game."
,Recommended,227300,31726565,Posted: 13 May,all,adellixsara,"My favorite simulator game so far, love the europe landscape, can't wait to buy all maps expansion DLC"
76561198154674188,Recommended,227300,31727614,Posted: 13 May,all,punchual,Fun and could be something to do if you have time to waste!
76561198243588322,Recommended,227300,31727108,Posted: 13 May,all,Flames581/ Offline,"Great game to play, best with a steering wheel (get a logitech setup). lots of hours, and fun to listen to the radio while driving!!"
76561198252914744,Recommended,227300,34829104,Posted: 8 September,all,Wright5,this game is awesome
76561198298511421,Recommended,227300,34822665,Posted: 8 September,all,SpirosKappa,Very Nice game :)
76561198264113909,Recommended,227300,34823989,Posted: 8 September,all,Crazyman4323,This is a great game. It's fun
,Recommended,227300,34826136,Posted: 8 September,all,Pud,N U T
76561198136476334,Recommended,227300,34822101,Posted: 8 September,all,Sebi hellcase.com,This game would be 1000 times better with off road options.
,Recommended,227300,34830064,Posted: 8 September,all,Hussain,I'm addicted to this masterpiece! Can't wait for em to add Spain!
,Recommended,227300,31359730,Posted: 25 April,all,Paragonal,YEY!
,Recommended,227300,32826250,Posted: 26 June,all,Roy_Roze,Nice Game
,Recommended,227300,35388245,Posted: 1 October,all,*LudiBole*,Nice
76561198364972865,Recommended,227300,32128287,Posted: 2 June,all,fiflipi,Best game ever
76561198275966499,Recommended,227300,32118124,Posted: 1 June,all,ICYBOY2004,please someone help my euro truck simulator wont launch pleae help
,Recommended,227300,32117615,Posted: 1 June,all,GHoST,BEST GAME
76561198163116334,Recommended,227300,33066209,Posted: 30 June,all,tawbriggs,Simply outstanding game
,Recommended,227300,35375906,Posted: 1 October,all,The Fla╯╰mer | GameTame.com,So great !
,Recommended,227300,19961760,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Pett < Patt,It's very good simulator. I wish you guys who made this game best of luck. Rly love this game. Merry Christmas guys!
,Recommended,227300,19961775,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kirigo Cigga,A realistic simulator 10/10
,Recommended,227300,19964264,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,GeneralRyanGaming,this is a very great game ive had it since 2013 and have loved every single minute of it :D
,Recommended,227300,16528884,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,John Thomas,Play this with a headset. Do not use speakers!!!I have played about 10 missions now.  Its pretty fun. Just got to watch the damn speed limit....
,Recommended,227300,19964555,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,@emanuellgh,11/10
,Recommended,227300,23102082,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Gandhi,It's a really great game and i just love it thats just it :)
76561198237791668,Recommended,227300,23103336,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,☆GeorgeLucas☆,This game is ******* awesome!! You can do what you want in dis game :)
,Recommended,227300,23108927,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,∀uri,It helps me with my anger issues.
,Recommended,227300,31679184,Posted: 11 May,all,eskrr [Escargot],"Really great game and well put together. You obviously need some sort of interest to get into a game like this, whether it be automotives, trucks, exploration, or something else. I'm into a bit of everyting and enjoy exploring. Excellent game to sit back and relax, grow your company and finances and eventually let the money roll in, A 10/10 in my books. Even better is the game is continuously updated with new content and there are plenty of mods as well. Give the demo a try, there's nothing to lose."
,Recommended,227300,31679904,Posted: 11 May,all,Smogul,Great game!
,Recommended,227300,26529165,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kiko,"as i have 407 hours played this game it never gets boring multiplayer its pure fun drive with my friend , crashes and all that, GJ scs software."
74573758568385979,Recommended,227300,28837742,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,GamerKeepsItReal,best ever ly xx
76561198036331210,Recommended,227300,21158449,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,KingCobraa,"This is a good game for anybody who likes truckin' along with some business strategy. I don't have the best of pc's so I'm playing the game on low and things still look good. And plays good also. Many settings are available for the User to fine tune their experience along the many roads available. The DLCs are also awesome, and only add more roads,cities and cargos to haul. I foresee many hours being put into this trucking game."
,Recommended,227300,27317366,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Waffles,Great game! Drive safe :)
,Recommended,227300,10766422,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,peremoinen,I named my sat nav Suzy.
76561198060057539,Recommended,227300,12630331,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,[TRAF] bloomer1338,if you want to pass sometime then you found your game
76561198009190916,Recommended,227300,15938432,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Biggamer,I have been playing for awhile now and have to say I love this game. I drive a mission a day it does not take that long and is fun. It is not a hard core have to play or the other guy will get ahead of me. Just a relax day behind the wheel. It has wonderful graphic and the cities all looking nice. The Plus is owning buildings and hiring drivers to drive your trucks. The game by it self is great but then you add in the mods people make makes this game even better. I got it on sell for 12.99 but how much fun I have been having I would have payed full price on this one. I have about 50 hours in and still having fun. I always have bad stuff to say about a game but this game runs smooth as butter with no problems at all and is fun to play. Just wanted to say this is not my type of game I like but I do like this one.
,Recommended,227300,16457549,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Shazam,"yep, it's good."
,Recommended,227300,17539827,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Krydoza,"I enjoy good ""Simulation"" and ""Tycoon"" games: trains, farming, flying, business, etc.  ETS2 is a pleasurable cargo transportation simulator, and a decent business tycoon game if you want to tackle more than just driving your rig.The graphics are beautiful, and the audio is well done.  Some of the routes can feel repetitive, and the traffic AI can be aggravating at times, but I bet that any long haul driver would same the same thing about real life.If you feel that you can handle a game that doesn't involve killing everything in sight, then this is a good game to give a try."
76561198006867309,Recommended,227300,21569088,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Merlin69,"Superb game, highly recommended once you get used to the controls and you can listen to the internet radio whilst driving."
,Recommended,227300,8234650,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,firefistus,"Amazingly enough this game is super fun.  I couldn't beleive it at first, but it really is fun to take cargo back and forth and build your truck, hire employees, and build your business.  I currently have 3 offices filled with workers and whenever I find I need to wind down and relax I turn to this guy.  Best part is parking the trailers imo."
76561198155782794,Recommended,227300,22617366,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Trainfan2015,good game really modern and up to date
76561198016584627,Recommended,227300,25827264,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,WeeGee,"I love this game,"
76561198007359938,Recommended,227300,10173437,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Irishsaint,Best sumulator I played since mircosoft flight.
,Recommended,227300,14217947,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Thakard,"A game that makes you think, ""Why would I ever purchase this?"".  Then you see a steam sale and you buy it, and go ""Wow, I really just wasted some cash.  This is gonna be so stupid"".  It sits there on your desktop and you regret buying it.  Then one day you launch it becuase why not... Thinking, ""This is just gonna be a waste of my time"".6 hours later your trying to find the max profit run and wondering if it is too early to take out loans and start your own garage.10 hours in you are asking yourself, ""Do I want to deliver explosives, or is high value good enough for me""?15 hours in your deciding if it is better to expand your garage again or buy a new garage in a new city.16 hours in your asking ""Do I get another driver, and do I go with the 420hp Scania R Highline 4x2, or do I go with that 450hp Iveco Stralis Active Space Super 4x2 with the Exculsie dash, or do I try out that new Volvo dealership I found in my last run"".Needless to say it is a driving/management sim that is way more enjoyable than it has any right to be."
76561198033724686,Recommended,227300,4199609,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,Jax_Pavin,More fun then you can shake a 16 wheeler at!
,Recommended,227300,20095616,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jay Targaryen,"Very relaxing and fun, so far. I do wish parking wasn't super hard, almost impossible.It couldeasilyhave multiplayer aspects to it with the way they handle your ""company"".The scnenery and graphics are amazing, the gameplay feels very authentic but, if you couldhire male escorts at rest-stops,it would make this feel more like real life truck driving.AI cars (specifically large trucks) sometimes stop completely if you bump into them slightly in a narrow street.The DLC packs come with a couple of bad paint jobs but some great ones.Overall the game itself is great 9/10."
,Recommended,227300,23692430,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Sentuis,Love it so zen
76561198164645686,Recommended,227300,18319479,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Gundu boii,ETS2 IS THE BEST TRUCK GAME EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198079377779,Recommended,227300,18386941,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,nstaley,6/5
76561198159384137,Recommended,227300,18350973,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,thX_GUY,cool game
,Recommended,227300,7470457,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Mark S.,Awesome game! Although i don't recommend playing it drunk. Trucks are very expensive to repair
,Recommended,227300,34926078,Posted: 13 September,all,Yui Kitamura,"This is a very relaxing game to play and I highly recommend trying out multiplayer with your friends. Turn on the realistic options in your settings and see how well you can really do, you might be surprised to find how much you're enjoying yourself."
76561198420160152,Recommended,227300,35391534,Posted: 1 October,all,CarlM,The best truck game!!
,Recommended,227300,7111203,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Dadest of Bods,Great Game and is really fun
,Recommended,227300,27343804,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CountGrishnackhh,"The only thing I regret about buying this game is....why it took me so long to buy it! I've finally gotten my hands on it, and it's an absolute gem, when I say relaxing, I mean RELAXING! You'll feel freed of all your troubles after a session of this game, and I absolutely reccomend listening to a talkshow on the in-game radio, it's so good."
,Recommended,227300,22266140,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Jackrabbit_V6,"the name speaks for itself... probably the best of all games with ""simulator"" in the name."
76561198281404937,Recommended,227300,31392734,Posted: 27 April,all,jrj04021994,i love this game can you please add fire stations and fire engines and ambulances and hospitals
76561198135500987,Recommended,227300,12146316,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,karl jnr 1989,great fun
76561198068834241,Recommended,227300,12148974,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Sir Frosty,"This game is the most fun I never expected to have. It's a great game to just sit back, relax, and just drive that virtual truck from A to B. 10/10"
76561198094825682,Recommended,227300,12146648,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,tH3 C0dEma5TeR,"I'm not into trucking in real life, but for a simulator this is a great game with lots of jobs to do and great scenery along your journeys.  The mods are a great feature in this game with many options to adjust how you want to play the game. The AI has improved but could still use some tweaking, other than that for what you pay it's a rock solid simulator to own!"
76561198204137324,Recommended,227300,29191707,Posted: 11 January,all,Crustysock,its chill...
,Recommended,227300,18263036,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Limey21,"Honestly, this is the best driving sim bar none imo, put some earphones on and stream one of the in game radio stations, it's simply amazing really.if i were to give any new starting players a tip , i would say don't worry about speed so much, just enjoy the truck driving experience, so many people play this and want to go 150mph.. i just don't get it myself."
,Recommended,227300,20493955,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Mortiest Morty,.
,Recommended,227300,22225458,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,JosephC,A very great game with a lot of options. The community for this game is great whether that be offline and with you mates or online. I prefer online. There are loads of options to choose from and up to 4000km in a single job. Love it!
,Recommended,227300,26563355,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,QuasarBarkas,"Just reinstalled the game after 6 months of lying in my Libary.Words cannot explain how good this game is and with the multiplayer mod, it is even better.If you like driving, or trucks or both. Buy this game. It will fulfill your wishes.For starters, I'd suggest an Iveco truck, basic interior and basic curves would prove it a hit.My favourite truck: MUVAFUKIN DAFFFFFFF!!!!!Sooo basically, I give this game 9.2/12"
76561198287321572,Recommended,227300,28702711,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AsianTrucker,Great game
76561198225607104,Recommended,227300,29007888,Posted: 4 January,all,Baba ♥,If you have insomia this game will help you sleep.. at least it is for me
,Recommended,227300,29008507,Posted: 4 January,all,muscu,"Considering how much I've played this game, I could say it is a nice game."
76561198045040487,Recommended,227300,29240574,Posted: 13 January,all,jamesgfinn,love the games
,Recommended,227300,33548984,Posted: 14 July,all,Lkat1,pretty fun but gets repetitive over time
,Recommended,227300,35258167,Posted: 28 September,all,JoFknLines,Good
76561197998197307,Recommended,227300,16756606,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Small dick; Fat tits,i suck at trucks
,Recommended,227300,31921384,Posted: 23 May,all,m3mu1rk,this is a good game by the warwol  and i
76561198142216577,Recommended,227300,18940537,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Ozgamer,"not much to be said here, you should already know how popular this game is by the amount of positive reviews it's had.so stop reading and start playing it was worth the  70$ i paid for the deluxe pack,have fun and see you out on the road somewhere."
76561198195827286,Recommended,227300,32029295,Posted: 28 May,all,ķØw,Full of turkish idiots but i still love this game good job brothers and sisters
76561197972412742,Recommended,227300,11783529,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Natu,"Very relaxing and a lot of fun. Perfect when you have a lot on your mind, or when you just feel like chilling while listening to music at 3 AM in the morning.The support for this game is very good, and aside from the expansion pack the developers have added a lot of new (free) content via patches."
,Recommended,227300,14405738,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Wormass.DK,its fun game and the high power cargo pack and the christmas paint job is nice i recomend this game
76561198076236605,Recommended,227300,29007664,Posted: 4 January,all,bsmcod011,way kewl
,Recommended,227300,33621714,Posted: 17 July,all,R1Z3,THIS GAME IS ABOUT U WORKING FOR SENDING CARGOS ALL AROUND EUROPE ONLY. I SUGGEST U TO TRY PLAY IT . BUT IF U HAVE UR  OWN TRUCK U MUST PAY ALL FEES BUT IF U QUICK WORK ALL FEE IS THE COMPANY TO PAY. ALL SO DONT RUSH CAUSE U CAN GET STUCK .
76561198033443675,Recommended,227300,16565578,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Zoot,The chill the fun and the time killing this game offers is so damn huge..
76561198281059623,Recommended,227300,25536917,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Gato 978,the best game ever
76561198210039425,Recommended,227300,28595879,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,MARTLMHK,nice simulator
,Recommended,227300,28596160,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,hwebb,game you could lose hours in trucking across europefun
,Recommended,227300,26176546,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ＴＨＩＣＣＵＢＵＳ,"Stop, this game has no right to be good"
76561198029841329,Recommended,227300,13988627,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Nathaniel Flint,"""Just one little tour"" = 2 hours wasted"
,Recommended,227300,14562850,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,mavna,Thank you for supporting Linux with this awesome game!
,Recommended,227300,16688408,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Im a disappointment csgolive.com,Pros:Fun with friends.Nice graphics.Realy easy to play for a long tome.Werry relaxing.Werry Realistic With a stering wheel.Stable 60 fps on high graphics (with a Nvidia GTX 770.Cons:Hard to learn.Hard to play without a steering wheel.Too expensive (if not on Sale).Ugly Menu.(Worth if 50€ of under if your not a truck enthusiast).
,Recommended,227300,958322,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,ENAK,Get it while it's discounted! This is pretty much the best truck simulation game out there!
,Recommended,227300,10173580,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,GrizzlyGrid,its really fun buy it ♥♥♥♥♥♥s lol srry
,Recommended,227300,28646334,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,"i dont feel the same, im so numb",nice
,Recommended,227300,28107835,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,★KongTHESavege★,awsome
,Recommended,227300,24536615,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Teryx 2.0,Nice
76561198126937806,Recommended,227300,24536283,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Mr Lame,It's pretty hard if you have no driving license
,Recommended,227300,24536594,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,petyax01,good
,Recommended,227300,16555907,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Doriz.,"Aaaaah, they're driving on the wrong side in UK!"
,Recommended,227300,32687686,Posted: 23 June,all,SK8DSTRY,"I was wonder what fun it is just to drive truck in the game, and now I like to quit my current job and apply to be truck driver."
,Recommended,227300,21637152,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,turtlebert123,I like this gam
,Recommended,227300,7755482,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Thendash,"If you enjoy listening to Czech Country and other European radio stations while crusing on the open road, this game is for you. You don't NEED a wheel, but a wheel + h-shifter + trackIR makes this game super fun if you're in it just for the driving. Obviously this game lends itself well to sim fans, but even if you're not super interested in getting a virtual semi stuck in virtual London traffic you can still play this as a business manegment game, albeit after a decent ""grind"" to purchase a truck and hire a driver. After that though, the sky is the limit as you build your trucking empire from one dude in a rental to multiple employees and fancy company trucks of all types."
64352475685687562,Recommended,227300,28877277,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DAB KING,The Best game !
,Recommended,227300,12474527,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Neon Wolf,"Why on earth would I buy a game where you just drive a truck around? How is that even fun?These are the questions I used to ask myself whenever this game popped up on my Steam store. The only reason I bought it was because it was reduced to around £5 and I wanted to see what all the fuss was about.I'm glad I did as the game is strangely satisfying. It does what its meant to do very well, it feels genuine, like you're really driving a truck and the environment has been lovingly created, making your journies a cenic delight. When I just want to relax while gaming, I play this. Put the radio on, pick up your cargo, sit back and go for a nice drive across Europe.The game's only downside is that the AI of other vehicles on the road is sometimes iffy, for example I was caught in a traffic jam once, I'd sat there for about 5 mins waiting for it to move until I decided to drive around the cars in front to find the car at the front of the jam was just sitting there with nothing in front of it.Great game!"
,Recommended,227300,33152870,Posted: 2 July,all,MG Gaming gift-drop.com,very good game
76561198133006296,Recommended,227300,35497275,Posted: 5 October,all,Stefansky.,Cool if you're bored xD
,Recommended,227300,35498542,Posted: 5 October,all,Mr. Nobody,Great Simulator +++
76561198167679332,Recommended,227300,35500972,Posted: 5 October,all,▲PRESTON▼,"Really fun game, hours spent playing this game would recomend getting the ETS2MP from google to play multiplayer."
76561198307092732,Recommended,227300,35502318,Posted: 5 October,all,C U D A,I love this game but what you can do better is the way you go its so clear add maybe cows and hourses on farms or something that can do the look better but any way this game is so good love it >D
,Not Recommended,227300,33213701,Posted: 3 July,all,tomcasey,"I have to be honest, as far as a simulator goes, this game delivers everything it promises. However, I was hoping this game could provide me a relaxing gaming expereicne as well. Unfortuntaely, I think the game is just not meant for a real enjoyable gaming experience. All shipping missions feel exactly the same and the only real challenge I felt was learning how to parrarel park my truck into a shipping area for extra expereince points. I only went out of my way to write a negative review because I think there may be people expecting this could be a fun title to try out. Unfortunately, the game is not very relaxing, just sort of bland and boring in my opinion. Furthermore, I feel like the controls are geared to those with a steering wheel controller, which further makes the game less accesible. Even though it is on sale and you may be curious, I would reccomend you seek out more accessible driving games over this one, unless you are fully aware of what you are getting into."
,Recommended,227300,24335797,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,420% American,I liked the part where you could run over people in Nice.10/10 My K/D is higher than CoD and I didn't even have to bust out a cap
,Recommended,227300,32110918,Posted: 1 June,all,MichaChaos,"If I can put this game into as little words as possible, I'll say this:Simply amazing.Amazingly simple.It's a pretty basic idea for a game. You get cargo, drive to the destination, drop off the cargo, make money, do it again, and again, and again until you have enough money to start your own trucking business. You buy garages, upgrade them, buy more trucks, hire drivers to drive them and do the same thing you do, truck around Europe and make money.It's one of the few games that, despite being a complete grind, is actually fun. It's repetitive, but that's okay because you are repeating the same fun actions over and over, and they still manage to be fun. Also, you can listen to music on the radio while you truck which is amazing.I definitely recommend this game to people looking for a relaxing game to play when you just want to listen to music and go trucking around Europe."
,Recommended,227300,9758342,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Young Negro Male,Its ♥♥♥♥ing fun
,Recommended,227300,10018949,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Akka,"Comfortable yes, but seemingly pointless outside of that. Perform the abridged duties of a truck driver for simulated money so you can take on jobs that grant you more money. Eventually buy your own customizable truck and then own your own business and fleet of truckers. Driving is limited mostly to freeways and traffic is very light both for the sake of giving the player an easier time and making it feel less like work and more like fun.Reverse parking with a tractor trailer is evil but thankfully you can skip that part too. Don't forget to load up easy listening music to maximize the comfort."
,Recommended,227300,13180678,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,8th | MaquilingskiSwifty,I am having fun and relaxed whiled driving until I missed the left turn and can't Reverse to many cars behindThat was the most frustrating thing happened to me. The next U-Turn is so damn farBTW this game is fun and you can stream real music from radio and you can put your own music on the documents to play it on your truck10/10
,Recommended,227300,10878890,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,neb,Amazing simulator! You need the multiplayer mod to make it amazing!
,Recommended,227300,4725378,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,CookieCream,One of the greatest simulators of all time.
,Recommended,227300,12233120,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Mr.KILLSwitCh,Amazing!!!!! Such a good devoloped game and is truely one of the best simulators out ther 10/10
,Recommended,227300,24330727,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,KKKornvik,Best Nizza simulator on Steam
,Recommended,227300,8763664,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Luis Fonsi,Arbeit macht frei
76561198297429558,Recommended,227300,33236106,Posted: 4 July,all,Xecutioner,best game to play if you have driving set is fun game
,Recommended,227300,13155146,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,I'llTakeAPotatoChipAndEatIt,"The best,"
,Recommended,227300,33197946,Posted: 3 July,all,jprik04,Best while listening to H3 Podcast.I foundout people lived in Scotland.
76561198358435239,Recommended,227300,34907829,Posted: 12 September,all,ptsd stricken vietnamese man,No migrants so -1 for realism but great gameplay so +10. Overall 10/10 though lacks the rampant migrants.
,Recommended,227300,13123319,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Marcus Rattman,tenouttaten
,Recommended,227300,28938923,Posted: 2 January,all,ОМАГАД,best game ever
,Recommended,227300,30231682,Posted: 27 February,all,Kaylee,dope game. luv it 69/10 -Kaykrisify
,Recommended,227300,18406253,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,TheCanadianApp1e,10/10 Best Truck Simulator.
,Recommended,227300,20273193,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,I_Wear_Jackets (Hiatus),How to play:1. Buy game2. Pick a Job3. Play 'Highway to hell'
,Recommended,227300,23458039,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,harry26,this is a very amazing truck game set in europe and every one needs to grt it
,Recommended,227300,28898667,Posted: 1 January,all,RazzilDark,Very good game
,Recommended,227300,2087684,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,GTFrank,Your dream come ture!
,Recommended,227300,18531485,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,faketaxi alin^$-schließen,Nice game.
,Recommended,227300,22034179,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Jdizzle144,This game is AMAZING!Totally worth the $23!Pros:- Graphics are great!- *CRASH TRUCK *CRASH TRUCK *CRASH TRUCK- Addicting! (for me at least)Cons:- I don't have any:)
,Recommended,227300,20913169,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,✔,Awesome game!!!
,Recommended,227300,28928797,Posted: 1 January,all,joshthesmith,"Game costs £3.74, French country DLC costs nearly £14. What?AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and likes to slam into you when going round a roundabout.It is fun though, when you are able to relax and not worry about stupid AI."
,Recommended,227300,24431912,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Hris CSGOTRADE.me,Very good game but not optimized for good pcs... I have:4GB of RAMIntel Pentium 1.9ghz (i'm lazy to see what is my what is the model)Nvidia  GeForce 920M 2GBand it lag.. But the game is really good!
,Recommended,227300,24438074,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,[L.M.B 2nd S.L] Spooker West-468,time to find home
,Recommended,227300,11135569,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,hardnettin,SImply addicting. A rewarding leveling and acheivement system coupled with detailed yet simplistic gameplay.
,Recommended,227300,8206394,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,jonne bravo,actually a really fun game surprisngly. can drive from glasgow - a city with two houses and a truck compound - to aberdeen - a city with one house and a truck compound! - in 2 hours.
76561198176525847,Recommended,227300,21910818,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Soldier Elite,"░░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░ THIS IS BOB▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ ░░▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀ ░░ COPY AND PASTE HIM,░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░ SO, HE CAN TAKE░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░ OVER THE WORKSHOP░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░"
,Recommended,227300,19346268,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Entity | albi,Saw a video on Euro Truck Simulator 2.Bought a PCBought Euro Truck Simulator 2Loves Euro Truck Simulator 2.10/10
76561197974287334,Recommended,227300,15041009,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,dhasenan,"A soothing way to spend an evening. You can just load it up, start driving, and while away the time. If you total your vehicle, it's usually not a huge issue so long as you're paying a reasonable amount of attention to safety.My main complaint with the game is that it doesn't support internet radio on Linux. WINE or native, it just doesn't work. It would also be nice to have keyboard shortcuts to quickly glance to the left or right -- as is, you have to use the mouse, and that's not terribly convenient."
76561198056674056,Recommended,227300,13085371,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Fruitoven,"I really enjoy this game. Everything from the graphics to the gameplay, I love it. Woulde definately recommend."
,Recommended,227300,27652000,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[BGS]Swifty,A wonderful game which is very addictive deffinatly would recomend this to people.
,Recommended,227300,13230871,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Ryan Jaunzemis,You drive truck. Get load. Deliver load. Repeat.11/10 would repeat
,Recommended,227300,13330853,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Aberidius,"Wonderful game, relaxing, fun. Would recommend more roads and stuff without having to get mods, otherwise, perfection."
,Recommended,227300,8531010,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,<3<3<3<3<3,doesnt seem like much but is great fun to pass the time away!!!
,Recommended,227300,19899281,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Idiot,"Very Good Game. However, the measurements are very unaccurate."
,Recommended,227300,22610578,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,General Fox,GG!
,Recommended,227300,22932070,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Sneaky Jr.,how i update ets 2 to 0.2.0.9.1 alpha for ets2mp???
76561198084969960,Recommended,227300,30755440,Posted: 26 March,all,morgezuma,"There are sim-games and sim-toys; this is a toy. You can toy with your truck, toy with your garage, and toy with stable management, but you can't ""lose"". It's virtually impossible to go bankrupt and  you can't lose your driver's license. This sim is very basic and lacks any meanful risk of setbacks.The upside:1. It's very relaxing.2. Tinker with your toys and explore at your own pace.Downside:1. Business, HR, and even load selection strategy is pointless as the result of every decision is a medium or slow progression towards unlocking more toys.2. Physics are almost completely absent.3. No working-girls anywhere, not even in Frankfurt, so how can it be a trucking sim?I gave the game a thumbs up because I assume whoever buys it gets exactly what they want: a doll-dress up game where the dolls are trucks. The modding community spends 95% of their time on truck-jewelry and 5% on the powertrain. Why isn't there a single mod to introduce the challenge of business risks?What I'd like to see:>>Random events to wake us up from the pleasant, but grindy, long road of status progression-Occasional drunk drivers and grandmas to avoid-Flat tires, chipped windshield, etc-Vandalism and theft>>More challenging business model (currently you just have to hire a few drivers and then leave the game running for a few days, you'll have enough money to buy anything you want)-Make license endorsements more meaningful by attaching a monetary cost for license, training, and driver's increased wage.-Make bankruptcy possible so that we have to earn our eventual success rather than simply waiting for it to arrive."
,Recommended,227300,21110701,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Magic Johnson,Good game 1738/10 IGN
,Recommended,227300,33130048,Posted: 2 July,all,Россия,y
76561198306727320,Recommended,227300,33500085,Posted: 13 July,all,IOblige,"Me: ""Been seeing this game a lot, must be good. Gonna buy it.""Friend: ""STOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"".......................................................................................................................................................................................It's been 3 days since the purchase, never been seen since... and for how much longer?∞/10 would re....co...end... t...is........One l...st.... ...e..liv...y.... 1600km to go, th..... I'll s....t...o...p.........."
76561198060597583,Recommended,227300,31941897,Posted: 24 May,all,Jakerr,0/10 No Cowbell.Nah It be good init
76561197977156272,Recommended,227300,23121388,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,FervIsLurv,"I couldn't afford this game, then I bought it.. Sorry for the poor english.:/"
76561198165124521,Recommended,227300,32742193,Posted: 24 June,all,Shoduka,Online ET2 is dank kush.Pulling up in a port to get 6fps because there are 600 trucks honkling their horns.
76561198028821704,Recommended,227300,23761224,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mr.Spore,10/10 UK removed from the game.
76561198078200434,Recommended,227300,13685276,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Beneator,Very good driving a large range of wheel support i would be supprised if your wheel wasn't compatible. You can run yourself into the ground in dept if you want to be a real truck driver or play it safe just slowly work up to the top company (boring). If you don't want to tow a trailer just drive round town with a big truck with more lights than lunar park. So much dlc that can make your truck look like it's the alpha male of machines.
,Recommended,227300,27197074,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fiper x God,b dfhnjffjjsxhsh
,Recommended,227300,29194821,Posted: 11 January,all,BabyBreaker,i only bought this so i could play the multiplayer mod (truckersMP)
,Recommended,227300,7815925,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,TheIdiotGamer (tyler9754),"buy it, please!"
,Recommended,227300,7858967,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Dodohttp,Well I really hope this game could come out for the mac but i heard its a really fun game and if i got it for my mac computer it would really make my year!
76561198056373099,Recommended,227300,12403898,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,MarKEY csgolive.com,"I like the way it simualtes the truck drivig but i must say that there is a problem with the settings, when i open it my game closes and i tried to find a fix but i could not it does not matter the games is very good, and it is worth the price."
76561198023926766,Recommended,227300,19299783,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,b҉́͞r̨̀͠a͢͞͝k͏̷̀͜,drive the truck
,Recommended,227300,18874882,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Dem1x,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 isnt a game you play. its a game that consumes you. its a drug. you dont buy this game knowing that you will loose your social life. but ETS2 takes what it wants. my entire family has abandoned me. all thats left is my fleet of 50 trucks. my girlfriend crys from our bed ""turn off the game, its time to go to sleep"" she dosnt understand. its not a game. I run a Multi-Million doller International trucking empire, sleeping is for the noobs. this game recieves a perfect 10/10"
76561198228132332,Recommended,227300,20244860,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,toaster bean,whenever i start this game male nipples appear all over my screen and they wont go away please fix also some of them are black and that is disturbing
76561198112881993,Recommended,227300,16259022,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Boost,Awesome
,Recommended,227300,21060210,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,DixuMixu,This game taught me speeding without getting a ticket.10/10
,Recommended,227300,28281166,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Saúl Hidalgo,"AWESOME game. If you love trucks, this game is for you. Don't forget to go to the Workshop if you like American Trucks in ETS2."
76561198356486598,Recommended,227300,28668318,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TheBOBO,nu pot
76561198264872553,Recommended,227300,22782866,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,povilas1204,like
,Recommended,227300,16432652,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Captain Simulation ©,"This game has completely blown me away. I never expected myself to be addicted to this game! I have now aproaching 850 hours and it is not because I have nothing to do, it is because this game has limitless amount of features. This game as a base is already astonishing with amazing trucks and beatiful landscape (especially in the newly released Scandinavian DLC). But when you add modifications, the game steps in to another level. The mod community is amazing; from snow mods to map expansions. I highly reccomend this game, and trust me, once you start, you're not going to stop."
,Recommended,227300,33145015,Posted: 2 July,all,MapAddict,A very addicting and fun driving game for drivers.9.5/10
,Recommended,227300,26021476,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,F-4 Phantom II,The best elder scrolls game so far. Skyrim offers an unparalleled open world environment and beautiful graphics.
,Recommended,227300,15820706,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,[T-MEX] nelotepic,el mejor simulador de camiones !!
,Recommended,227300,22785285,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,gette,"i've aways liked playing euro truck simulator while listening to some music and just driving anywhere, feels good to kill time this way"
,Recommended,227300,31505540,Posted: 2 May,all,𝓢𝓪𝓴𝓾𝓻𝓪,Game-like life.For all drivers all people.
,Recommended,227300,10462636,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Taien,"While I do recommend this game, first let me list a bunch of things I do not like about it, before telling you why it is in fact fun.1.  No places to turn around.  The GPS in this game does not give you any audio clues as to when you are supposed to turn, so if you miss your turn due to the GPS not being obvious enough, expect to be driving another 3 hours down the road (5-10 minutes ingame) in order to find a place to turn around, or get ready to drive into oncoming traffic.  (Stupid.)2.  The speed limit changes sometimes as often as every 50 yards, and the signs are very easy to miss, so expect to be getting a lot of speeding tickets for seemingly no reason.3.  The headlight laws in the game are absolutely nuts.  You can be fined any time you don't have your lights on after 5pm, even though the world doesn't even start to get dark until 10pm, and isn't fully dark til 11pm.  (Really stupid.)4.  Like I said, the GPS is bunk.  A lot of the focus in the game is on staying in your lane, not swerving into other cars (or players in the multiplayer mod).  So if you're really focused on that (and it can be quite difficult, even with a controller) you will often miss turns because the GPS gives you no cues at all other than you having to physically look at it.5.  The physics.  Sometimes they're alright, and sometimes they're god-awful.  I have had instances where I've been going around a turn at speed and suddenly the truck is sliding - no warning at all.  No skidding of tires as they approach their shear limit, no onscreen traction warning - you just start sliding for seemingly no reason.  It would be really helpful if there were some kind of indicator for when you're getting too fast for a turn, because visually there's no way to tell.Now, that being said...The game is strangely fun and addictive.  There's something about driving down roads to make money and listening to your favorite mp3s or music stream that makes it really fun.  Not only that, the multiplayer mod is really what makes this game worth playing.  Currently there is no AI traffic in it, so the roads are clear save for the other players in the game.  And every truck you pass/run alongside is another person!  Not only that, people form truck companies (out of game - there's no ingame function in the mod to make a group company) and run convoys, which looks really fun (but I haven't been able to try yet).  So if you like driving (not racing, but driving), I definitely recommend it.  The fun of the game outweighs the annoyances to an extent. :)"
,Recommended,227300,23421061,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Luke Scott,"Amazing, Must have, relaxing BUY IT!"
,Recommended,227300,23260102,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,rodyekkeBOSS(BOSS),y[igyiug
76561198053291902,Recommended,227300,12970348,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,76561198053291902,I love driving at the EXHILERATING speed of 20 kilometers per hour down the wrong side of the road reciving 20 citations per minute and knocking the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cars out of the way for my big...black...truck
76561198129958010,Recommended,227300,14543309,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,triton1407,if you buy this dont forget to install the multiplayer mod
,Recommended,227300,31478858,Posted: 30 April,all,AOD,+1
76561198067849721,Recommended,227300,14762111,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Vira1Visionz,A great first person shooter that keeps the player enticed for hours of entertaining gameplay.I recommend this to fans of the COD series
,Recommended,227300,25229773,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Rycka,okee
76561198069623113,Recommended,227300,19393373,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,BiGMaTT,20/10
,Recommended,227300,13549145,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DangDut,"Easy to control, good graphic, changing gameplay, realistic traffic."
76561198140139194,Recommended,227300,18262800,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,The Real Rodger,Amazing graphics.Amazing multiplayer mod.Amazing community (most of times).Amazing simulation.Amazing game.
,Recommended,227300,33207342,Posted: 3 July,all,Si Encan,nais :v
,Recommended,227300,18772207,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Poker,
,Recommended,227300,23801880,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,λƘsΣl3D,Well Game is very good but on mac late 2012 ets2 is crashing too much I tried to reinstall the game but it didn2t workedpls fix it on MAC LATE 2012 NVIDIA GEFORCE GT 640
,Recommended,227300,23769420,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hcurtis694,"Amazing game :) If u wanna, to chill out, play this game :)"
,Recommended,227300,28899806,Posted: 1 January,all,Nxzzin,Otimo passa tempo
,Recommended,227300,23636037,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,EDDSHOT MACHINE,veri gud ggheim
,Recommended,227300,3009779,"Posted: 22 January, 2013",all,zeekstey,"7:02 - z.x.t.: IMG_20130123_062836.jpghttp://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/7/img20130123062836.jpg7:03 - z.x.t.: oh man, im ready to play ets2 for real now7:05 - Werwolf:{LINK REMOVED}http://www.bestgore.com/beheading/islamic-beheadings-compilation-video/7:05 - Werwolf: enjoy7:06 - z.x.t.: that's enough material7:06 - z.x.t.: for me to remove you7:06 - Werwolf: :/7:06 - Werwolf: wtf7:06 - z.x.t.: that's my response7:06 - Werwolf: oh ok as long as you don't remove me7:08 - z.x.t.: you know what7:08 - z.x.t.: if you really enojy it7:08 - z.x.t.: then I have no reason not to"
,Recommended,227300,12259648,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,GeekSha Escobar,My Income all goes for SPEEDING.balance: 09/10 EPIC GAME !
,Recommended,227300,9720505,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Loto_IV,"Though at first this game may sound nerdy and boring, you will be amazed at the level of detail and realism. This game is by far one of the most addicting games I have ever played. You can try the demo from SCS Software's site and see for yourself!"
,Recommended,227300,18435568,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Corehero,I gotta say It. I LOVE IT! you should play this game! 5 stars
,Recommended,227300,10566318,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Captain Loggins,"If I told you this game is just about loading up a truck and driving it to another part of Europe... well I'd be telling you the truth... But seriously, this game is really fun and addictive.Buy the game, find a link to a live stream of Heart Radio, and if you can, use a controller or a steering wheel (for a more realistic experience) and you're all set. Prepare for the ride of your life (and to hear the same 80s pop songs over and over again)!10/10"
76561198165367441,Recommended,227300,19604112,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,12th Brandon,i liked eurotruck for the travels but now that there are so many updates u download them and then u have to downgrade then re upgrade so i can never play ets2 sort it out
,Recommended,227300,34136188,Posted: 9 August,all,✦ MKBadDill ✦,7/10
,Recommended,227300,18185383,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Fat Man,"Casual, fun, relaxing truck simulator game. I wouldnt buy it for 20 but I bought it when it was like 4 when it was like 80% off. WORTH IT :DI would pay 10-15 max. Great game. 9/10P.S I get tickets for car damage even though the AI hit me xD The AI is not 10/10 but still good.(I hope there will be mulitplayer on American truck simulator instead of downloading a mod and AU servers)"
,Recommended,227300,31503288,Posted: 2 May,all,all hallows' steve,"i jerk off to pictures of trucks, this game is very good, 2/10, not recommend, very bad, do buy"
,Recommended,227300,33563963,Posted: 15 July,all,-`♥´- Casper -`♥´-,NicefUNNY GAME
76561198045422843,Recommended,227300,32354087,Posted: 11 June,all,Brostephano,This is a review of Euro Truck Simulator 2
,Recommended,227300,25027995,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sherry Long,Best game ever in the history of steam for people who need to relax and have fun at same time. It is a relaxing game and best part is that you dont get tired from it.
,Recommended,227300,9758360,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Skybella,Amazing realaxing game! you should totally buy it if you like simulators.
76561198132389428,Recommended,227300,30798750,Posted: 28 March,all,Adam,it keeps crashing
,Recommended,227300,26019018,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Roald,fun
,Recommended,227300,447744,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,NTRasetsu,comfy simulator
76561198263749083,Recommended,227300,34821543,Posted: 8 September,all,Adi,Nice
,Recommended,227300,34516425,Posted: 26 August,all,Slam the Pam,barcalona
,Not Recommended,227300,34743439,Posted: 4 September,all,StanicEnemy,No.I lost all my save files and there is no cloud system in this game no dont buy this game and devs are greedy.Too many Dlcs
,Recommended,227300,14925057,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Exo,A great simulation game for... Wait a second. Truck has 5 letters. This is the second Euro Truck Simulator game. 5 - 2 = 3. ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED!
,Recommended,227300,17853300,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dr. Ya Ya,The Best Game Of All Time I Swear
,Recommended,227300,31810333,Posted: 17 May,all,DSmokE,VERY GOOD TRUCKER GAME
,Recommended,227300,30232103,Posted: 27 February,all,Abradolf Lincler,Warning! DO NOT play this drunk. You will go bankrupt faster then you have to♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227300,28942658,Posted: 2 January,all,Cornel | Fanel,It is for ♥♥♥♥ing super ok this game!
,Not Recommended,227300,33544584,Posted: 14 July,all,John Wolf,"I didn't play much. I mostly played in Austria. I haven't been much in Austria in real life, but I can tell there is... some resemblance.That said -- while screenshots make it seem like the game looks superb, engrossing, with great amount of care going into good, detailed texturing and into feeling like you are a large track in a much, much larger world -- it is not so. What should be cities feel like towns, what should be multi-hour rides are just short trips. Textures are visibly repeating 2002-style, trees are visibly repeating 2002-style, vegetation seems to be simple repetitive billboards, etc.It's not just the appearance (which would be the main reason why I bought this game). Missions are frustrating with having to be not just in the right spot, but turned in the right direction (without indication what that direction is). Upon which point you get suggestion ""hey, now, you can get extra XP if you actually park super-precisely elsewhere"" -- a frustrating experience itself.I want to like this game, I really do, especially so given that user reviews thus far are 'overwhelmingly positive'. I typically don't go out of my way to rate games negatively, which says something, I think. Maybe I would like the game more if I appreciated the *truck* simulation part, which I honestly don't care much for.However, I can't shake the feeling that I am playing a non-profit toy ""here's what our city looks like"" project from 2002, instead of a professionally, commercially released game from 2013 with full price of EUR19.99, plus DLC costs."
76561198011515629,Recommended,227300,15027771,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Blackcompany,"Do you want to drive? Just kick back, turn on some music, or a podcast or an audiobook, and just...drive. Along major thruways, winding mountain roads, and everything in between. Do you want to haul freight at your own pace, in the truck of your choice (including modded ones) and just...drive?If the answer is yes - buy this game.It plays great with a G27 wheel and TrackIR for a quite immersive and relaxing experience."
76561198336521193,Recommended,227300,34816818,Posted: 8 September,all,亚当 [AdamSvK] Hellcase.com,Its a very good game for relax
76561198119493072,Recommended,227300,32943396,Posted: 28 June,all,DETICTIVE NUMCHUCKS,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227300,32948687,Posted: 28 June,all,Dystonia Gamer,"So, I'm going to start this off with saying that this game is not a bad game, but I do have some grievances I'd like to address below;Ireland is not in the game, and unfortunately I don't believe it will be here anytime soon.The paint job mod packs don't work on all the trucks, or chassis or whatever. What I mean is, if you run with an 4x4 or 6x4, it's completely fine. But if you want an 8x4 with an Ireland paint job? No way, no how.The police are huge hypocrites in this game. They'll give you a speeding fine, AND THEN they'll still pass you, doing almost 20-25 kph over the limit.Again, this game isn't bad or terrible. It's still very fun. Being released in 2013, the graphics are meh but that's fine. If you want to drive around Europe, (but not Ireland, Iberia, (Spain and Portugal), and the Balkan nations, then this game is for you."
76561198385473114,Recommended,227300,35005350,Posted: 16 September,all,◄【✔ DorineL 】►,no Scania tunning pack ?
,Recommended,227300,23823233,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Slayze ツ,"Best game to troll losers in Multiplayer, the rage and salt levels are insane.But seriously, this game is pretty boring since all you do is drive around. Recommended to pick up at a sale with some friends and download the Multiplayer mod and ram, block and troll the crap out of the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who play this seriously."
76561198377093569,Recommended,227300,34090002,Posted: 7 August,all,homework is so fun,good
76561198401133934,Not Recommended,227300,34346998,Posted: 19 August,all,ALI3N,Studio mogło by zacząć naprawiać błędy z optymalizacją czy naczepy z którymi podzczas jazdy buja jak na statku. Niestety studio scs myśli o zarobku niżeli o graczach wypuszczając następne dlc które jest niepotrzebne. Jeżeli naprawili by wszystkie bugi czy błędy a dopiero pózniej wypuszczać płatne dodatki była by to zupełnie inna gra
76561198130033256,Recommended,227300,25652269,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Dani23,A cool game for passionate drivers. I recommand it. The best driver simulator ever! And a good game for its price too :D
,Recommended,227300,13507428,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TheCraftersXander,hmmmm I cant hack in money like I could im ets1 but its great!!
76561198276811786,Recommended,227300,28717282,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BOU,how to play online
76561198215729577,Recommended,227300,22810493,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,✪Krims,The Best Game ever
,Recommended,227300,29465462,Posted: 24 January,all,SOCOM,They made a sequel to this game but it's the same♥♥♥♥♥♥on a different map.
,Recommended,227300,15275449,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,=D CSGO-SKINS.COM,YEA
,Recommended,227300,13936502,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,krys,"Good game, waiting to get a wheel so I can actually play it xD"
,Recommended,227300,29493841,Posted: 25 January,all,ᴅᴇsᴛʀᴏʏᴇʀ,"Great game, but if you're going to play multiplayer, GOOD LUCK with the admins there."
76561198056726133,Recommended,227300,23747598,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Greg The Wolf,I don't even like driving. Or Europe
76561198014129751,Recommended,227300,8445252,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Frankie,Great. polished game. This is the first simulator game I've bought and I could only wish they all were as good as this one. This game is a must have if you are into trucks and building your own truck empire.
,Recommended,227300,26026573,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,J0nn,best
,Recommended,227300,28880298,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,WilnoWolf ™,Not bad. Played a bit.
,Recommended,227300,26035072,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,God Isn't Real,unrealistic there is no country called Germany lol
76561198150379783,Recommended,227300,19305815,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,TourFarten,I HAVE NOTHING BAD TO SAY ABOUT THIS GAME. IN MY OPINION THE ENJOYMENT LEVEL FROM THIS GAME WILL ALL DEPEND ON YOUR LOVE OF TRUCKS AS WELL AS HOW MUCH YOU PUT IN WILL REFLECT HOW MUCH YOU WILL GET OUT OF THIS GAME.THERE IS ALSO THE MULTIPLAYER OPTIONAL DOWNLOAD FOR THOSE WHO WOULD RATHER INTERACT OR FOR THOSE THAT JUST DONT LIKE AI.
,Recommended,227300,11392130,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,mecks,You drive around Europe in a truck. What more has to be said?
76561198261066527,Recommended,227300,23704566,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),loving this game hours are racking up i haver a problem with mods though so i cut all the mods out and just paying with the unofficial patch very relaxing game all these hours and ive only discovered 20 percent fo all roads and i have the dlcs to with paint jobs this game does not evne need mods whatsoever ver ygood game
,Recommended,227300,33589356,Posted: 16 July,all,Matux hellcase.com,good
,Recommended,227300,33592947,Posted: 16 July,all,STABBY,meh
,Recommended,227300,19003272,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,"Huey ""Slammin'"" Emmerich","You will make fun of it. Then you'll come to love it. It happened to me, all my friends, and a few coworkers.For just a dollar a day, you can help stop this disease from ravaging the children. Responsible, child-friendly video games are a cancer upon society. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help. Please send help."
,Recommended,227300,19961931,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[UK] Alien Baltan,"Set out on the road to London from Southampton. As I left the M27 to Join the M3, I wiped out, was flung through the air and slammed into a bridge, leaving my truck with a broken engine and my cargo almost completely destroyed. Landed in the opposite lane, and the police take money away for 'wrong side of the road offences'.Limped into London, and got nothing.But I loved every second of it.9/10, would slam into a bridge and destroy my load of oranges again."
,Recommended,227300,19962338,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,senraXD,Do you like trucks?No? -> Get the game!Yes? -> Get the game!
,Recommended,227300,19963081,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[LKW Tr.] Elliot [CEO],"Would get cut off/rammed by Turkish players at EuroPort anyday. (If you have the Multiplayer, that is)"
76561198101475236,Recommended,227300,23113006,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TheLord,"Bought the game, one day later there is a 60% off sale -.-"
76561198110146617,Recommended,227300,19965791,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,McSwerve,"I drove around and smashed into stuff, somehow got negative XP points, and only like 430 euros. I would have to r8 this 8/8, however it's severely lacking trucks so I must rate it 5/8 cuz it's misleading."
76561198188052782,Recommended,227300,23114068,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Itz_Mooze,I think this is a really smooth game i don't get any lag it is quit hard to control but it's still a fun game
,Recommended,227300,20583927,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Leon der Bimsboii,such exploitsmuch mp griefing
76561198008156083,Recommended,227300,15722994,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,aggiefanatic95,Something oddly fun and relaxing about driving a truck accross Europe
,Recommended,227300,20715339,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Monsta X,*insert country music*im chillin on the roadwith a bunch of woodon my truckdriving down the highwaycounting the birdsim chillin on the road
,Recommended,227300,13312309,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Der 80er Spieler,"This game is good to relax your mind and drive truck to delivery place ,  this game make you feel like you drive truck in real life . This game is not suitable to gamer who want to play action game onlyreview : 9 / 10"
,Recommended,227300,22025371,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,[CZ] Colonel Clanny,"- Italians cannot drive a Pizza Truck- To many chaos on big Street, main reason: Clanof in Truck- Pushing Cars away, have to pay for that- Computer Cars can't drive, have to pay for that- In Britain driving on other street side, chaos confirmed- In Sweden driving always with light on- In Italian driving always with Pizzas around"
,Recommended,227300,16768707,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,sbondo1234,Very good sim game + the Steam Workshop makes the experience better because it's easier to download/enjoy mods.
76561198128862254,Recommended,227300,24162125,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,mityrka,It is like GTA but more about driving a truck. Best review ever. Thank you.
76561198127398065,Recommended,227300,12093355,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,One Funny Guy,"Fantasic, Everyting about it 10/10"
76561198109020546,Recommended,227300,33596092,Posted: 16 July,all,Sassy The Sasquatch,Wadaytalkinbeet?
,Recommended,227300,15759457,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Tonito,For those who wants to waste time.
,Recommended,227300,24909716,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,RedSteel,"It's a good game, witch nails the simulator formula. I think you won't regret buying it."
,Recommended,227300,26130839,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,twitch.tv/mytical_1,:D
,Recommended,227300,12154134,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Satisfy,I need a life...
,Recommended,227300,29009029,Posted: 4 January,all,Lexpa,A very good game.  9/10Why 9/10 and not 10/10?:Because it still have some bugs...once i fell out of the map....today i made a accident and did 3 backflips and 2 frontflips...
,Recommended,227300,6599662,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,SsXxX,"simply Amazing, not only a good truck simulator, but a business sim too, u really feel like being the head of a trucking company :)"
,Recommended,227300,23814802,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Nintendy,This game includes more than the Euro to explore whilst driving a truck.It includes the United Kingdom as well!
,Recommended,227300,26256675,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GROM,i like to drive around while listeing to 80s music
,Recommended,227300,28622574,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Papa Lardo,"This game is fun but I would really recommend playing the Multiplayer mod, its easy to install and totally worth it making the whole playing process feel more alive, and running into some random German that crashing into your truck and yells at you is amazing and really lets you feel that immersion.Here is where you can get the modhttps://truckersmp.com/....But for real i would really recommend to play this game with that on."
,Recommended,227300,28705535,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Drigz,It's ok
76561198110355914,Recommended,227300,19467550,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,SniperEvolving,I've played this game for about 12.6 and I love it but myself I like the ETS2MP
,Recommended,227300,16497101,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Top Bloke Gman,Very simple concept of driving a truck around (with people if you use the multiplayer mod) yet engaging and fun.
,Recommended,227300,24333132,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,$upreme,Still better than ATS
,Recommended,227300,1330221,"Posted: 17 January, 2013",all,Kharakian,Relaxing game.
,Recommended,227300,7499499,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Dictator_RAG3,Get this game! It is awesome!!!
76561198050879356,Recommended,227300,7837770,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,zyly42,pimpin mha truck like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227300,13881575,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,swtt.,its alright if u are patient u have to drive Miles JUST TO DELIVER
,Recommended,227300,16611940,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mishchap,"Toll Simulator 2Not joking, went through 5 tolls in one trip.Apart from that, this game is pretty great, you just need to remember it isn't Need for Speed and driving at 200 km/h is not acceptable."
,Recommended,227300,28111705,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,✪swag,good game
76561198070862953,Recommended,227300,28111878,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,VNCS,Melhor simulador !!
,Recommended,227300,28109847,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,mCaLLisTer-,dsf
,Recommended,227300,4585813,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,bobrodobro,Чётка игруля для четких пацанов. Шансончик по радио и провонявшиеся бензином и измазанные мазутом штаны с облитой пивасиком растянутой майкой прилагаются
,Recommended,227300,23905491,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,yung homie,"Euro like in europe? Uk isnt in europe anymore. False advertisement please devs, fix"
,Recommended,227300,33232832,Posted: 4 July,all,Raz_Owl,This game is the best simulator game in mu whole life
,Recommended,227300,28508521,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,dogfergus3400,"Hello I  first got this game a year ago and I think it is pretty good.However, this game has a high demand on CPU I tested this game on two computers:an  intel core i3 2310(2.1 GHZ 3MB L3 cache Acer Aspire)an intel core i5 dual core(2.5 GHZ HP Pro Desk)P.S: This game requires a HIGH END graphics card(This sometimes costs a lot of money)But overall I recommend this game because it has some pretty awsome graphics;)"
,Recommended,227300,33198415,Posted: 3 July,all,4AM,PEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
76561198257855301,Not Recommended,227300,31924826,Posted: 23 May,all,JosephOttomanson,I want to return this game.
76561198098591781,Recommended,227300,7385898,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Showli2,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is, in my opinion, a good game. Basically, you're a truck driver, and your job is to gain money doing jobs for other companies until you can create your own company. Since it's a sim, you're not only going to manage your company, but you're going to be driving too. Although you may think that you would see the same thing twice (and you do eventually), you're usually focused on your mirrors, the road ahead, and traffic, rather than the detailed scenery. All in all a good game, just remember not to flip on the off ramps!"
,Recommended,227300,28349843,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,.revo,"Overall RatingControls:10/10Gameplay:9/10Graphics:8/10Modding:10/10Multiplayer:8/10Sound:8/10 (+1 for own music)ReviewEuro Truck Simulator 2 is one of those games many people initially would not buy, as it kind of seems boring, and with the entire Genre pretty much plagued by terrible games.However, ETS2 is one of the few massive exceptions. Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a great game, even for those who normally don't play these types of games. Even though the whole game revolves around seemingly boring work, it manages to make it incredibly entertaining and fun to play.A lot of the game's fun lies in its simple but engrossing gameplay. Drive from A to B without damaging your load or taking too long. But as soon as you turn on your own background music, podcast or stream, the game becomes a whole lot more immersive and incredibly relaxing. Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a great way to relief some stress after a long day. You will often find yourself spending hours in the game even though you only intended to do like one or two deliveries. The variety in landscapes, roads and driving experiences combined with the excellent presentation prevents the game from getting too monotone and boring. Especially with the expansion DLCs.In addition to being a great game overall the Modding community for ETS2 is massive. There are mods of all kinds, whether they add more realism, new paintjobs, better graphics, or entirely new maps with a more challenging approach. ProMods, a mod that expands the map by a massive amount is one of the best mods for any game out there.But what is the best mod then, you may ask? It's an easy question to answer; Truckers MP. Truckers MP adds a multiplayer mode to ETS2 and ATS, giving you the ability to share your passion for driving with thousands(!) of other players at once, adding a completely new experience to both games. It's almost a must for everyone who decides to spend some more time in this game."
,Recommended,227300,24040646,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[DGR] King Tiger,NICE BUT HARD ITS NICE I GIVE IT 9\10
,Recommended,227300,15094100,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Ikarus,"After years and years of truck driving lessons with my drunk abusive uncle, I've finally found a solution to my problems. Euro.Truck.Simualtor.2. After playing this ultra-realisitic simulator for 2 hours, I've finally received my official Truck Driver's License. I would like to thank SCS Software for publishing this hyper-realisitc simulator for all striving truck drivers out there. 10/10 would simulate again."
,Recommended,227300,8066094,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Callsign [[TOUGE]],10/10 would kill hooker again
76561198161965977,Recommended,227300,19399844,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Luke Bird,"Great game, can't wait till they come out with an USA Truck Sim with 500 pound dudes with sodas."
,Recommended,227300,28935329,Posted: 2 January,all,Paul Skinwin.com,I love this game
,Not Recommended,227300,29911954,Posted: 13 February,all,Chatino,bon jeu mais devien tres repetitif
76561198271840548,Recommended,227300,22124525,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,CBeecroft,"Great for people who live survival games and like a challenge 😂😂This game is based on your plane crashing and your son being taken, and then you have to rescue him ( if that makes any sence )."
,Recommended,227300,13526543,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Hostilian,"This game is something, it will suck hours out of your day, Its a very good simulator"
76561198077170807,Recommended,227300,22830502,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,daniel-crni(KAKASHI),gg
76561197981347911,Recommended,227300,24527772,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,BigRed Muvila,nice relaxing game. only thing was not enough trucks to choose from had to mod to get my mac trucks hopefully they add a dlc for more trucks. old models would be awsome and an australian trucking dlc with B-doubles and road trains moving cattle weat etc. but great game to wind down playing after work. also love the sml company managment aswell making money employing other drivers to drive trucks you own is excilent
76561198189346761,Recommended,227300,33234001,Posted: 4 July,all,ItsBurningFire,REALLY FUN I LIKE THE FACT THAT YOU CAN GO TO DIFFERENT PLACES AND CRASH INTO PEOPLE XD WELL i say it is one of the best games i have ever played on steam YET
76561198272271713,Recommended,227300,31706201,Posted: 12 May,all,AlexTankSS(#!) WINFORTUNE.CO,tare
76561198289538945,Recommended,227300,30184143,Posted: 25 February,all,Sheriff Supervisor Fox,it keeps crashing with mods pls fix
76561198296491064,Not Recommended,227300,33836044,Posted: 27 July,all,ahmtdg,"GTX 1070 ,Ryzen 1700,16 gb 3200 mhz ram,Samsung 840 evo lu sistemde donmalar ve fps düşüşleri yaşıyorum. Oyun auto save yaparken oluyor genellikle bu; ancak auto save dışında da olduğu oluyor. Denemediğim çözüm önerisi kalmadı. Bütün driverlar yüklü ve güncel. Ayrıca monitörüm de G-sync destekli. Ne iştir anlamadım. Araştırınca bu sorunu yaşayan çok kişinin olduğunu farkettim. Yani yalnız ben değilim. Bu vb. sorunlar giderilmedikçe Ets 2 ye bi daha para vermem."
,Not Recommended,227300,33797138,Posted: 25 July,all,james80712,this game is fun at times and it is worth $3 or $4 but it is not worth $15
,Not Recommended,227300,33812469,Posted: 26 July,all,Kermit The Frog,"I enjoyed this at first, But I realized now how this game isn't very good. Yes its an entire map of Europe basically but they could've definetely put more detail into the landscapes and buildings. Every town is the same, Just the basic buildings you need like Semi Shop, Repairs, etc."
76561198008420986,Recommended,227300,13275719,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Yoshida,Amazingly enjoyable to drive across europe in this highly addictiving game! Even if ur not a real trucker!
76561198320258404,Recommended,227300,28938141,Posted: 2 January,all,smaug.dragon0341,good game
,Recommended,227300,28938318,Posted: 2 January,all,vin$e,best or nothing!
,Recommended,227300,35139076,Posted: 22 September,all,Wasp,eurotrash version of american truck sim but with more turkish people crashing into everyone
76561198105037726,Recommended,227300,9756856,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Dialup ( FAKE TAXI ),its sick
,Recommended,227300,33614889,Posted: 17 July,all,ScOrPiOn/TradeSkinsFast.com,The Best Game Ever
76561198066490399,Recommended,227300,31728845,Posted: 13 May,all,𝔐𝔦𝔫𝔱𝔶,"Peaceful and nice game. Great game for relaxing: it's nice to drive and just listen to music ...until you come to a roadwork scene and other cars are coming towards you on a one-way road (despite their red traffic lights) and you can't dodge them and you are transporting about 70 tons of train.. (Been there done that, and I took screenshots) There are many many mods to download and enjoy. I just wish they would make a map of Finland to the game, then it would be perfect."
76561198185760858,Not Recommended,227300,34254166,Posted: 15 August,all,SticKyBomB:-),חרא של משחק
,Recommended,227300,28894937,Posted: 1 January,all,ok.dll,Fun.
,Recommended,227300,26029807,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,1UP,Awesome.I like this game !!
,Recommended,227300,31525137,Posted: 3 May,all,garys food review,I want those 165 hours of my life back... Great simulator though
76561198020558790,Recommended,227300,12305246,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,JFT96,Euro Truck 2 -- A MUST BUY-
,Recommended,227300,13823804,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,A non-biased quick look @ the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l73VNt6rsu0- Enjoy!
,Recommended,227300,19948997,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Tzunny,+++
,Not Recommended,227300,27480504,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Riley,"I don't know if i like this. I got boring Fast, theres really no point. Its really a waste of time."
,Recommended,227300,20499501,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Enrico Dandolo of Venice,"I love the landscape! Original game, I rate 8/8"
,Recommended,227300,21082844,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Godislove4u,smooth in vr i thought american truckers was going to be tooi love people because Jesus loves me
,Recommended,227300,12680294,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Liberty Prime,"The reason this game is so fun, addictive, and interesting will always remain one of the greatest mysteries of the universe."
,Recommended,227300,10515032,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Champange Pappi ΛVΞΔ,awesome
76561198267815785,Not Recommended,227300,35456808,Posted: 3 October,all,CloakingBoss,I wish I could say more about this game. However when I loaded in the game it was at 144p so I couldn't play much. I spent 18 hours trying to figure out how to change this over to 1080p but couldn't read anything. Hopefully you will have better luck.
,Recommended,227300,24723706,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ChipPanDan,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding lemon bars recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1) 2 cups Flour2) 1/2 cup Sugar3) 1/4 teaspoon Salt4) 2 sticks (1 Cup) Salted Butter, Cut Into Small Cubes5) Filling6) 1-1/2 cup Sugar7) 1/4 cup Flour8) 4 whole Large Eggs9) Zest And Juice Of 4 Medium-sized Lemons10) Powdered Sugar, For SiftingDirections:1. For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-by-13-inch pan with butter.2. Stir together the flour, sugar, and salt. Add the butter to the bowl and use a pastry cutter to cut it all together until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Press into the prepared pan and bake until golden around the edges, about 20 minutes.3. For the filling: Stir together the sugar and flour. Crack in the eggs and whisk to combine. Add the lemon zest and juice and mix until combined. Pour over the crust and bake about 20 minutes.4. Allow to cool in the fridge for a minimum of 2 hours, then sift powdered sugar over the top before cutting into squares.(Use an 8 x 10 pan if you'd like the layers to be a little thicker.)"
,Recommended,227300,24325220,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Slix,"Arrived a Nice, France. Thanks Euro Truck Simulator 2 for teaching me how to drive a truck properly fast and reliably!10/10 would drive again"
,Recommended,227300,13858544,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,RvB Caboose,Started it up for card drops ended up driving to Amsterdam. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,15493567,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Nice Guy,"I bought this game when it was $5 and I smoked about 2 grams of 30% THC bud. If I wasn't high I wouldn't have bought this game. I got to the start menu, played for 1 min, then didn't feel as high. So I then packed a fat bowl of chronic and decided I'd rather not play this game right now. Haven't played since.10/10 Would get high again"
,Recommended,227300,20622540,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,✠ NicoKuroKusagi,It has a multiplayer. wow. futuristic!
,Recommended,227300,23769827,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rome,"Update:- Removed the UK from EuropeNew DLC Brexit:- Adds a whole new country to the map seperate from Europe, the UK."
,Not Recommended,227300,29209212,Posted: 12 January,all,Memeulous,I really don't like how easy it is for your truck to get stuck in this game.
,Recommended,227300,7833530,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Not Narcissistic Penguin,great game
,Recommended,227300,16091481,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Sheepy.,sexy
76561198026943170,Not Recommended,227300,17766277,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Freak,"Played it for an hour, and I started falling asleep, id like to try to get somewhere in it but its sooo boring, the drives put me to sleep like driving never could."
76561198127581820,Recommended,227300,18270092,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,THEBOSS,DON'T READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KSSED ON THENERESTPOSSIBLE FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR LIFE.TOMORROW WILL BE THE BEST DAY OF YOUR LIFE.NOW YOU'VE STARTED READING THS. DONT STOP. THIS IS SO FREAKY.1.say your name ten time's.2.say your mom's name five times.3.say your crushes three times.4.post this to four other games.if you do this your crush will kiss you on thenearest friday.but if you read this and do not paste this you will have very bad luck.SEND THIS TO 4 GAMES IN 143 MINUTES.WHEN YOU'RE DONE PRESS F6 AND YOUR CRUSH'S NAME WILL APPEAR IN BIG LETTERS ON THE SCREEN . THIS I SO FREAKY BECAUSE IT ACTUALY WORK LOL
76561198127451532,Recommended,227300,30463824,Posted: 11 March,all,spikeonaleash,>buy ETS>make account>buy truck>start driving out of shop>look both ways before proceeding onto road>passenger car slams into me>jump out of chair because i thought it was real>10/10 would simulate again
76561198191730587,Not Recommended,227300,27493656,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Andrius20202 csgo-skins.com,not good game
,Not Recommended,227300,27542949,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,petrichor,--
,Not Recommended,227300,27640624,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nea Livache,boring
,Not Recommended,227300,32199620,Posted: 5 June,all,The Real Zodiac Killer,Used to be fun but lately it just crashes whenever i launch it. Did a fresh install and everything but nothing works... Waste of money. Got the dlc's but have not driven on any of the new roads becaus of this bs
,Not Recommended,227300,33309047,Posted: 6 July,all,Always good,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
76561198382064685,Not Recommended,227300,33586252,Posted: 16 July,all,camAsoriceREX,it keeps glitching me out of the game
,Recommended,227300,28567924,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Pops!,This game is utterly fantastic. Highly reccomend it for anyone that wants to play a relaxing game!
,Recommended,227300,28875151,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,KantM4nn69,"A great 2D Minecraft game, with BUNNYS (thats not great right) that get RIPPED TO PIECES! (thats better)"
76561198130562680,Not Recommended,227300,29834863,Posted: 10 February,all,Pecan,"It's Ok I had to turn off updates because every single DLC gets pushed down as soon as it comes out.  Yes, I resent unwanted forced-updates from you as much as I do from Microsoft."
,Not Recommended,227300,30149095,Posted: 24 February,all,luigimcloud,"The game might be okay for some people, but I found it nearly impossible to steer the trucks, and you are not able to drive offroad."
,Not Recommended,227300,29831951,Posted: 10 February,all,...Heroin*,need money
,Not Recommended,227300,33650488,Posted: 19 July,all,BluesAdam,"Her ürün hitap ettiği alana göre eleştirilmeli diye düşünüyorum. Euro Truck Simulator 2'yi de adil bir biçimde eleştiriye maruz tutarsak, maalesef laftan öteye geçemiyor.Öncelikle kendini bir ""simülatör"" olarak tanıtan bir oyun için, grafik ve araç tasarımları haricinde gerçekçilik ile uzaktan ya da yakından bir alakası yok. Aracın şasi tepkileri, g kuvveti tepkileri, taşıdığı yükün sürüşe etkileri kesinlikle yetersiz. Herkesin oynayabilmesi amacıyla aşırı basitleştirilmiş bir sisteme sahip. Oyun ayarlarından ""araç stabilitesi"" ve ""fren şiddeti"" ayarlarını en düşük orana indirip en zor biçimde oynasanız bile katiyen zorluk hissi yaratmıyor. Nakliyatı tamamladığımda, bir şey başarmış gibi hissetmek yerine, uzun süre direksiyonu düz tutmuş hissediyorum, bu da bir yerden sonra inanılmaz sıkıcı hale gelmeye başlıyor.Bir diğer sıkıntım ise oyunda force feedback sistemi olmayışı. Bu zamana kadar oynadığım tüm simülasyon oyunlarında (her ne kadar başarısız da olsa) oyunun kendi force feedback sistemi var. Direksiyonun yazılımı içinden tüm efektleri sıfıra getirdiğinizde, yalnızca oyunun yaptığı force feedback hesaplamalarına göre, gerçekçi ve detaylı geribildirim alabiliyorsunuz. ETS2'de durum maalesef geçiştirilmiş. Oyunun kendi FFB sistemi yok, direksiyonun kendi yazılım ayarlarıyla sanki ""ffb varmış gibi"" hissetmenizi sağlayan bir ayar seçip geri kalanına göz yummanız gerekiyor. Oyun içindeki tüm efektler, gamepadlerdeki gibi basit titreşimlerden ibaret.Yolların birbirine benzerliği ve kendini tekrarlaması da oyunun sıkıcı hale gelmesindeki en büyük etkenlerden biri. Eğer özel olarak gps üzerinden rotanızı kendiniz ayarlamazsanız maalesef yolun %90'lık kısmında aynı virajları iki ya da üç kez dönüp, geri kalanında düz gideceksiniz demektir.DLC uygulamalarında da SCS Software'in artık dolandırıcılık yapmaya çalıştığını düşünüyorum. Yıllardır yukarıda bahsettiğim eksikliklerden herhangi birini düzeltmek ya da oyuna eklemek yerine, kabin aksesuarı, lastik aksesuarı ya da ülke bayrağı gibi gereksiz DLC'ler ile uğraşmaları, kolay parayı ne kadar sevdiklerinin bir göstergesi. Hele ki modlarla çok çok daha muazzam işler çıkaranlar varken. ETS2'yi geçtim, sıfırdan yapılan ATS'de bile bu eksiklerin hiçbiri tamamlanmış değil.Uzun lafın kısası, Euro Truck Simulator 2, adının hakkını veremeyen ve iddia ettiği alanda maalesef büyük oranda yetersiz ve başarısız olan bir oyun. Eğer stres atmak ve günde birkaç saat harcamak için istiyorsanız ve gerisi umurunuzda değilse elbette alabilirsiniz, oldukça eğlenceli olacağını düşünüyorum ancak gerçekçilik arayanlar kesinlikle dokunmasınlar."
76561198017286261,Recommended,227300,34634876,Posted: 31 August,all,Christian Gamer Jolee,Fun game for  driving addicts.Video of game play-https://youtu.be/N9qkfXtP4DM
76561198258983035,Recommended,227300,25844588,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Pop Tart,Its a little over priced i think it should be around 18.99 or something
,Recommended,227300,28604343,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Real_Pinochet,its like arma 3 but in trucks
76561198046992905,Not Recommended,227300,33407954,Posted: 9 July,all,Damna,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 finds itself in a fairly comfortable position between having accessible but also respectably deep gameplay offerings. Its driving mechanics are not too realistic, and not strict, and the whole management aspect is not so well implemented as it could've been. For some people it might not be easy to understand, and it doesn't feel as addicting as it should as you expand your empire. The visuals are outdated, and there is no real soundtrack, which doesn't make it an enjoyable package. If the whole idea of driving a truck isn't for you, this title won't change your mind. But if there is some lingering curiosity, this game might still be worth a look for you.+ No issues, the game runs great!- Outdated visuals- No real soundtrack- Gameplay is not enjoyable if you don't like driving trucks- No real depth- Really linear- No real city driving"
,Recommended,227300,20278556,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nano Shinonome,yes
,Not Recommended,227300,21437647,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Stefanonimo,Got extremely bored after the first job.It's totally not worth the 2€ that I've spent.
,Recommended,227300,25708506,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,SAVAGEKRISTIAN!,Beesr
,Recommended,227300,25919454,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gaming Authoritah,"I think I'm probably the world's worst truck driver, but I do love trying. The game is stunning graphically, and amazingly realistic.  I do find the steering really tricky. I've tried keyboard and mouse. I think this game requires a steering wheel to get the most out of it.  Overall, I thoroughly recommend this game to anyone.See gameplay athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Od2bz8gSGQ"
,Not Recommended,227300,28784773,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dr.K hellcase.com csgobounty.com,kan jga få till backs pengarna som jag gav er snäll för att jag köpte euro truck simulator 2 plizpliz
,Not Recommended,227300,35167303,Posted: 23 September,all,アーケード,"Игра но супер, но есть одна проблема, я не могу там уснуть и скинуть заказ, странный баг, игру удалял и скачивал уже более 20 раз"
,Recommended,227300,28911470,Posted: 1 January,all,kwan,GG
,Recommended,227300,28913075,Posted: 1 January,all,jdijdaer,HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,227300,29888083,Posted: 12 February,all,Cow,Good game
,Not Recommended,227300,25458878,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,B R U J A,Too much DLC instead of normal updates
,Not Recommended,227300,25884463,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Devon,"Definitely a great game in itself, but my game saves have erased themselves twice after getting quite far. That was a while ago, and it still hurts, because I really did enjoy this."
76561198353228920,Not Recommended,227300,28767604,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,adamfoster384,sukd♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198032696891,Recommended,227300,17355242,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Cheeky Dude,"ETS 2 is a great fantastic game!  ELITE was my fave game on the BBC Micro B in the 1980s, SIM CITY was my fave game on PC in the early to mid 1990s, first person shooters (fps) e.g. HALF LIFE, UNREAL, STAR TREK DEEP SPACE NINE - THE FALLEN, STAR TREK VOYAGER - ELITE FORCE were my fave games from 1998 to the 2000s and now ETS 2 is my fave game from 2013 onwards!!!  I strongly you buy a copy!  5 *****"
,Recommended,227300,33654187,Posted: 19 July,all,✪BandZ,broom broom?broom broom
,Recommended,227300,27694680,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dutke,good game.
,Recommended,227300,31730425,Posted: 13 May,all,j e d e y,"""Chillest"" game ever, combined with Truckers radio ;)"
,Recommended,227300,23370507,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Wombat,vrooooooooom
76561198107076767,Not Recommended,227300,28578692,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DayZstandalone,sxxxxxxxxxxxx
76561198184926105,Not Recommended,227300,31002138,Posted: 7 April,all,tooxie,"tl;dr: SCS Support got not recommended rating, not game itself. If you have nVidia (or Windows, dunno) you can ignore this.Tip: if you're on Linux with recent AMD gfx (i.e. Polaris, Vega) stick with open-source drivers due to poor perfomance with amdgpu-pro despite what their store page says: ""recent binary ATI or NVidia drivers (MESA may not work reliably)"".Another tip: if game still stutters after reverting back to open-source amdgpu, try ""No traffic"" mod. It might help.SCS Support doesn't always answers emails, but when they do, they cherry-pick what will answer. That alone, for me, is enough to not recommending this title.Game itself has it's own fair share of mutilated bugs and hilarious features, but it's fun (and addictive) interactive screen-saver in it's own right. That said, it's quite pricey for what it is, especially DLCs. I'd wait for sale."
,Not Recommended,227300,27663092,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tutaz joaca cs dupa 138 zile,nice
,Not Recommended,227300,27456941,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Fabulous DiesL,"3/10, I like trucks, but this game sucks. Don't judge me."
76561198052896447,Not Recommended,227300,28497679,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Human,"The game cannot run at the correct refresh rate. I have a 1920x1080:60 monitor. The game launched at 1920x1080:54, and it made the image jitter up and down by 1 pixel in a way that is completely nausiating. There was no way to get the game to lock to the correct refresh rate through the menus or through editing configuration files.The game was unplayable due to this flaw."
,Not Recommended,227300,32840527,Posted: 26 June,all,Kyle Farwell,I don't know how to drive
,Not Recommended,227300,33289582,Posted: 5 July,all,♧ A.C.A.B ♤ R.I.P INVENTAR,e retardat
76561198125554658,Not Recommended,227300,31347751,Posted: 24 April,all,Chip Skylark,"This game could be a lot of fun for a driving simulator, but the system for driving is incredibly clunky. Everything else in the game looked really solid, but the driving with keyboard is quite unmanageable."
,Not Recommended,227300,33054168,Posted: 30 June,all,Chandler Bing,Decent game but it takes way too long to get to your destinations and gets boring quiet quickly6/10
76561197970377184,Not Recommended,227300,26674370,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Cuppelis,"Do not be expecting a lot without mods, and you cannot drive tandem truck in this game since they dont support the axel moving for some dumb reason..."
,Not Recommended,227300,33857521,Posted: 28 July,all,woojoo333 - Cx Clan,Despite what reviews say this is not a linear game. It's basically just driving around in a truck and doing missions for cash. There are no detailed politics or conflicts with other truck drivers. No romantic triangles with truck drivers etc.Boring game. Can't believe what developers push out these days. This is basically just a simulator of driving in real life. Not a game...
,Not Recommended,227300,33860847,Posted: 28 July,all,BATTLE PICKLE67,I got so bored after about 10 hours! UGH
,Recommended,227300,24788626,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Gay Guillaume,the uk should be removed any day now
76561198309500223,Not Recommended,227300,31508133,Posted: 2 May,all,paul,"I bought this game and the add ons because when I originally searched for it, it came up under multi player and I like that concept. I bought it and did the localized jobs building up the money so I could buy a truck and do external jobs (basically finishing the training) by getting a 'world of trucks' account.The world of trucks account stage is where I THOUGHT the game would become multi player/live/mmo or what ever it is called. However it does not and remains single player. I also bought the expansion pack, of Scandanavia,go east,and the France as a pack to see if this was why. It isn't.I went into a reddit post and it says that they plan to go multiplayer but haven't yet. I tried to get a refund from steam and they say becuase it has been played for more than 2 hours, that it doesn't qualify for a refund and they wont respond other than automated responses.You have to play the game more than 2 hours to get enough money to get a world of truck account to do external contracts. So in other words, if you want a limited single player game then buy this game."
,Not Recommended,227300,32098007,Posted: 31 May,all,Wingull,I messed around with a bunch of modsThe game updatedThe mods updatedthe mods need the france dlc nowi can't play with my fave mods anymoreheart broken 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
76561198351918507,Not Recommended,227300,32114167,Posted: 1 June,all,Bogdan#hellcase.com,leladasdaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
,Not Recommended,227300,29099647,Posted: 7 January,all,Silent ♛ <LV>,"i´m enough of this game. yeah i played for 13 hours, but problems decided to show up.it didn´t appear any jobs in the job list , so i ocurred to youtube to solve the problem.it was to change a little setting on your profile called "" force economy reset ""okay , i did that and solved the problem that i had.then, it started to spawn my truck in certain places that i wasn´t there, like a garage on germany , and i was on england.it´s a good game , but with a lot of problems.period."
76561198271094811,Not Recommended,227300,30594902,Posted: 18 March,all,MatYYY+,sračka
,Not Recommended,227300,31073079,Posted: 10 April,all,chrisheregaming,"there is a problem with mods, and that there is no liecence but i brought the *** game, even the store says i do. please help me. but i would still recomend it but after this is fix, then ill chage this one"
,Not Recommended,227300,27448955,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MateX OPENSKINS.COM csgosell.com,This is stupid
76561198272556402,Not Recommended,227300,28956973,Posted: 2 January,all,TaT Scrappy,i wasted money because i accidentally pressed refund
76561198314049406,Not Recommended,227300,33094166,Posted: 1 July,all,Jason_2004,my game freeze evry time if i fast track
,Not Recommended,227300,33571294,Posted: 15 July,all,WizChip,OMG.. don't even think you will steer this thing in reverse.  Forget it... pulling teeth.
,Recommended,227300,20340400,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,kepler0,hi
76561198346657786,Not Recommended,227300,29009145,Posted: 4 January,all,alexandrugiurca3,ii heave graphis problem on asus gl 552 vw help
,Not Recommended,227300,35198965,Posted: 25 September,all,Ali Osman,When does the Turkey map come ?
,Recommended,227300,7839667,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Tuong,"Travel across Europe as king of the road, a trucker who delivers important cargo across impressive distances! With dozens of cities to explore from the UK, Belgium, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, and many more, your endurance, skill and speed will all be pushed to their limits. If you’ve got what it takes to be part of an elite trucking force, get behind the wheel and prove it!"
76561198193184322,Not Recommended,227300,27642578,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Luckymicc,for me the game is just to boring lol
76561198057051065,Not Recommended,227300,27900270,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,J_Benz,I LOVE THIS GAME AS MUCH AS I LOVE STARING AT A BRICK WALL FOR 5 HOURS WHILE MY EYES ARE BECOMING INFESTED WITH ANTS AND SPIDERS.
76561198060301258,Not Recommended,227300,32212471,Posted: 5 June,all,Maito-Gai,after starting my first own company and paying the loan back I hadto format my pc smd guess what!?*in crazy russian hacker voice* I lost my save data... WTF?? why! why isnt it saved in steam cloud
,Not Recommended,227300,33002925,Posted: 29 June,all,DarkBlue297 csgoatse.com,♥♥♥♥ your game there is Hungary and it isnt Romania ♥♥♥♥ you
76561198102331626,Not Recommended,227300,32560581,Posted: 19 June,all,Zig,"Very good game , I know that TruckersMP is a third party but they are piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ staff and unfair ban !!!"
,Not Recommended,227300,30093092,Posted: 21 February,all,aptitude_,Heh that moment when you realize Euro Truck 1 was better and still is.
,Not Recommended,227300,30010378,Posted: 18 February,all,efcuS,♥♥♥♥ it no fun
76561198365288830,Not Recommended,227300,30632789,Posted: 20 March,all,DOLFE800X,فاشلة
76561198378255908,Not Recommended,227300,31564043,Posted: 5 May,all,jinu k r,"this game is running badly ,,,sometimes its working fine .so the truck should be going crash."
76561198131454756,Not Recommended,227300,28628569,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,LIPO,Optimization = 0 on w10(gtx 980ti) fps drops to 28.
76561198053574926,Not Recommended,227300,33600385,Posted: 16 July,all,theraspberry,"Tried to get into it. Parking your trailer in hard to reach spots; managing garages, drivers, and trucks to build a transportation empire; and the experience + leveling system are all fairly entertaining. Unfortunately, those components are about 1-2% of the game, with core gameplay simply driving down highways for 30+ minute stretches, punctuated by pulling over to get gas or sleep. Yawnfest."
,Not Recommended,227300,31316590,Posted: 23 April,all,Mr.RamiroZ,"- Various landscapes, real Europe? Are you guys? Everything is just the opposite - extremely monotonous everything, Paris from Berlin is no different, any city is three streets and five buildings, nothing more. The tracks are also the same. Traffic is the same, drivers are extremely stupid and unrealistic.""Excellent physics?"" Do not, really, do you call this an excellent physics? I have no words. About some special things such as the work of the hitch, the folding of the trailer, the swinging on the suspension, the swinging from the wind, the loading of the axles, the work of the transmission (let's at least just MKPP and clutch) I do not even say, at least look at the brakes work, this Damn physics! Twenty-ton car brakes like a lightweight, is it like that?I regret that 50 hours spent on this game but I couldn't find a decent replacement."
,Recommended,227300,9749483,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Karl Pilkington,i mean its a job innit .
76561198010157849,Not Recommended,227300,23486871,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,gamepunk20,"OK base game. Installing mods can make it better. However my biggest issue with this is the total lack of anti-aliasing. I have tried everything...HDR on/off...sweetfx...forcing anti-aliasing from nvidia control panel...upscaling (which kills framerates) but there is no real working anti-aliasing method for this game.  Maybe you can use 4K resolution & also use 400% scaling ingame but that's not practical for me in anyway. Its too bad they made so much DLC for it without fixing this horrible issue.So, If you want to play a driving game without racing you can get it. I wanted that so I am still playing it. Otherwise not recommended.  I would recommend it if there was proper anti-aliasing."
76561198018714253,Not Recommended,227300,25538735,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,frenetic,"I didn't enjoy this game as much as I thought I would.The physics felt way too forgiving, and like one other reviewer mentioned, the DLC packs seemed carefully constructed that you were somehow always losing out for what you pay.The truck models are great, and I did like all the upgrade options, but was let down by the condensed country driving and heavily scaled down cities.I've not tried any of the mods, they may well make a difference, but I couldn't recommend what I currently have installed on my computer."
76561198103281021,Not Recommended,227300,24898473,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,michael.chaplin7,After a little more than 10 hours playing this game i can say that it is the most boring game ive played. If you like mindless driving from A to B without needing to think other than clicking tapping enter at toll booth or at fueling stationing then this is your road to heaven. Sadly its the road to hell for me. Gutted I payed for this game before i knew about the free demo.
76561198129170586,Not Recommended,227300,24898880,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,007darth,"I had fun for the first little bit, but the game does get boring and repetitive."
,Not Recommended,227300,33774303,Posted: 24 July,all,captainanarchy,"In the beginning I enjoyed this game. It was a lot of fun. However, since then something has happened to the game and I have to reprogram my controls every time I start the game. Also, the steering has recently become so sensitive (even with sensitivity turned all the way down) that the game has become unplayable. There was a day when I would have recommended this game, but now, I would hold off until they get these issues worked out."
,Not Recommended,227300,33304826,Posted: 6 July,all,dracbrax,"Euro Truck Simulator is a trucking simulator based around Europe, it seems promising with its inviting career modes allowing you to expand your 'transport' empire. However it isn't. There is not much purpose to this game to just drive around on motorways and city centers, earning money and buying vehicles and hiring staff. Besides, the driving AI is left to be desired, really predictable and the trucks dont have feel to them, even with a wheel. It is for a casual laidback person, who likes to repeat and repeat games, not very challenging imo."
76561198165833260,Not Recommended,227300,25729811,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,*GoldPlayer *™,Hi i have some problem when i start play online is show like you late to delivery your load 6525 H AND AFTER I DONT SEE another jobs
76561198175413739,Not Recommended,227300,31750397,Posted: 14 May,all,Piggen1,"I payed over 30 euro for this but i only got one dlc with, i hear my friends bought the game for 15 euro and including all dlc's (Without pimp dlc's) Now 1-2 mounths later i realize how bad this game is to buy. But it is a kinda good game if you have all the dlc's (Without pimp dlc's) BAD"
,Not Recommended,227300,28218282,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,oXo,Game is decent enough but the developers are a disgrace with their greed and outright ripping off of EU customers in particular. Latest DLC is less than half the price in Asia of what they are charging EU gamers.
,Not Recommended,227300,28728228,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Iefo,"Not very fun, it's only very slow driving with a truck. Not really a lot of gameplay.It might be fun if you like the constant driving."
76561198086080293,Not Recommended,227300,29123789,Posted: 8 January,all,IprototypeI,Sizin yapıcağınız online sistemin anansını avradını sikeyim orospu çocukları. Bu oyunda emeği geçen tüm orospu çocuklarının anansını sikiyim
76561198349127906,Not Recommended,227300,33044437,Posted: 30 June,all,Dylan James,not a good fganme
76561197977267103,Recommended,227300,15237811,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Conspiracy Theory,"EuroTruck Sim 2.I quite like this game; as it gives me the option to try what life would be like as a truck driver. An opportunity I am pleased to have missed if only because there are/were healthier options as far as lifestyle goes.But it is by no means a dismissal of the usefulness of the pollution-belching get-fat GSoH profession (far more so than so many careers jobsworths in public office pursue).I also live far from Europe and think its nice to review it in part via cross-country truck routes. I would love a more detailed and higher definition version of this game though. Even if the current version is pretty good.Controls do need some practice though to appreciate the game without frustration (steering with a keyboard is a pain). But when you have it down (fairly soon), its often cat easy: and the international live Net radio stations are great.Worth every cent while in sale.Take a trip, and get a speeding ticket.Make some dough; and could I suggest that on the next version you can pick up dodgy looking female hitchhikers?Snickers to self.And can I have my arms appearing on the steering wheel. Games did that from 10 years ago. Its still in fashion."
76561198174597655,Not Recommended,227300,28685883,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ProfessorShotz bolt.gg,...
76561198055868354,Recommended,227300,22134223,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Cjnfl,I thought driving trucks would be boring.This game proved me wrong.
,Not Recommended,227300,25219488,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,needy,kill me
,Not Recommended,227300,24837976,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,SSG,Unfortunately VR support is in beta and not good enough. Desktop graphics might be good but VR looks like a legoland. Don't buy it for VR.
76561197970358084,Recommended,227300,14420773,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Commander Keen,"When the rain's coming down and I need a coffee - and I'm late with the latest cargo, how I wish I was at home relaxing.Oh, wait, I am.Immersive."
,Not Recommended,227300,27611609,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wisk Bleach,"I personally think this is discrimination. there is no helicopter people. I always wanted to be a helicopter, you crushed my dreams, ♥♥♥♥ you"
,Not Recommended,227300,34803148,Posted: 7 September,all,LezbiyenKedi,Selamın aleyküm öncelikle arkadaşlar ben dj tikkat bu oyunu alın hoş ama direksiyonunuz varsa alın yoksa sinirden kalavyeyi ters çevirip oturasınız geliyo neyse bi tane lojistiğe girip çok rahat gününüzü sohbet muhabettle geçirip öldürebiliceğiniz bi oyun ben 500 saat oynadım yanii hani anladınız mı abim şimdi oyun bi kere Gta San Andreas çakması alın ama güzel
,Not Recommended,227300,28220178,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Rokk,"Fails to hold my attention. Could be fun if you're a truck enthusiast, but the gameplay is a little lacking. Scale feels weird."
,Not Recommended,227300,33404966,Posted: 9 July,all,FG500,Boring
,Recommended,227300,23029315,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Greak,"I played this game for around 1hours, I drove around and did not understand a♥♥♥♥♥♥ At one point i realised I actually had something to do, so I drove to the set location to recieve my reward. The moment I enter the driveway the game freeze and exit. At that point I did not even care to go back in to check if progress was saved. I just instantly asked for a refund. Overall a fairly good experience, but I will never ♥♥♥♥ing use my life to drive a simulated truck ever again, to just be ass♥♥♥♥ed like that. I'd say fairly realistic."
,Not Recommended,227300,25339129,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Madbarron,The condensed landscape means that the whole world is pretty flat.
,Not Recommended,227300,31130989,Posted: 14 April,all,epe07 >:D,Wow. Indeed a nice game.Got stuck on first level and can't skip or restart it because nobody would like me then.> trying to run the game with safe modeok it changes few settings but please PLEASE why doesnt it change them back when the program is closed?
76561198039623002,Not Recommended,227300,34019690,Posted: 4 August,all,botty-bot,"For those who want to buy for online.The game is not worth buying, since the littel kids of admins are banned for nothing.Or refund after buying more than 2 hours"
,Not Recommended,227300,32832529,Posted: 26 June,all,RemyS,Idk why anyone would want to be a Truck Driver
76561198067258446,Not Recommended,227300,25283824,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,miwarre,"I would like to review this game a lot, but actually I cannot, as it simply does not work on my Linux Mint 17.3 box with 16 GB of RAM and an ATI HD 5770. It freezes my PC completely, down to the reset button: freezing a Linux system to this extent requires some effort!When I tried to access the manual in the Steam window, it even crashed Steam! There seems to be no configuration/setting file to try with different settings.Support seems to be available only via e-mail, which I will maybe try in the future, when I have more time to waste..."
,Not Recommended,227300,35357161,Posted: 30 September,all,2,if u have too much time on ur hands then its something you could playdont buy it looking to have fun though
76561198316546531,Not Recommended,227300,35184621,Posted: 24 September,all,Potiff Sulyvahn,to ez
76561198413703442,Not Recommended,227300,34261401,Posted: 15 August,all,bugeac.cristian,14 pounds for nothing as I see only shades on a Macbook Pro 2011
76561198098365261,Not Recommended,227300,32690007,Posted: 23 June,all,Master Kyung,"Good game, but too much dlc's. The game with all dlc's is like 60 dollars, it's not worth it."
76561198077445808,Not Recommended,227300,33601422,Posted: 16 July,all,Karma of The Assassin,"This game was a complete ripoff. Its called Euro truck but u only get about 1/4 of europe with the base game, the rest is all expenceive DLC. The multiplayer mod is ok but has a lot og glitches."
76561197999470590,Not Recommended,227300,26253128,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Rolepole,"The driving is superbly implemented. Unfortunately the gameplay centres on an economic model that is hopelessly flawed. It isn't obvious but you actually make more money by playing badly. To see this, take an extreme case where you did no driving but just went to sleep (actually the game won't let you do this but it's an extreme case for illustration). Because you make money from other drivers just by the passing of time, the more inefficient you are, which means more time spent asleep per mission, the faster you make money. If you drive well, you will complete your mission in less game time, and make less money.  The obvious way to correct this would be with a hefty time penalty from the cost of finance. Unfortunately the finance part of the module is so feeble as to be pointless.Because of this it gets a neg from me on balance. But if you just want some fun from the driving and admiring the upgrades to your lorry, it's certainly a fun way to spend some time."
,Not Recommended,227300,33486178,Posted: 12 July,all,MrMcblader,Boring
76561198263682060,Not Recommended,227300,33241869,Posted: 4 July,all,ReddX,"last weak 200fps, now 40fps f*ck you"
76561198064588000,Not Recommended,227300,24174152,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Coakie,This game is garbage and I was lied to by people who I thought were my friends. This is the most useless game ever created. How do people even like this? Sounding myself with a ruptured glass rod sounds more enjoyable.10/10 would rather rupture my urethra.
76561197970493590,Not Recommended,227300,28926078,Posted: 1 January,all,john,Interesting idea for a game but it ends up feeling more like a series of chores and less fun overall as a package. I can see why some might like it but alas it is just not for me. I guess as a sim it works so well it ends up feeling more like work than a game. A bit too serious and less entertaining. If you want a real truck sim and dont mind the idea of truly working as part of the core premise of the game its probably worth trying. If you want something that is a fun and a bit less real feeling this is not it hence the thunmbs down. I ended up refunding as I saw this sitting in my library unused.
,Not Recommended,227300,28216909,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,DarkDvr,"Decent game, quite detailed and realistic. Having a wheel/pedals joystick will improve the gameplay experience a lot.However, developers are very greedy. In a time when other great developers like Paradox and PC Project Red are releasing free content to support their games and build loyalty in their playerbase, this developer is pushing super overpriced DLCs by the dozens.Definitely a developer I cannot get behind."
,Not Recommended,227300,32994055,Posted: 29 June,all,PiniponSelvagem,"Pretty stupid that its been soo damn long and still theres no Portugal and Spain in this game... Really? Its called Euro Fu.ck.ing Truck for a god damn reason!!!! Pretty sure that will be an other stupid DLC while the 1st Euro Truck had those countries...Until then... will place a negative review for it, even thou i like the multiplayer mod that some guys made, while you guys couldnt!!"
76561198042248187,Not Recommended,227300,24410633,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,gumball,"im only getting it because a friend told me so... its ok at best needs more spain,italy, france and eastern europe, until then its not europe, would be better if name ""western eurotruck with much missing truck simulator"""
76561198343618537,Not Recommended,227300,33399597,Posted: 9 July,all,My Name Jeff,♥♥♥♥ this game its ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all u do i drive a ♥♥♥♥ing truck WOOOOOOW!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198314374286,Not Recommended,227300,33247329,Posted: 4 July,all,NumeOriginal,"Hands down is the most ♥♥♥♥♥***t game i've ever played the controls are stupid , the truck handling doesn't even exist , the gameplay sure is relaxing but is repetitive and you get very easily bored and let's be honest you don't whant that from a game , the sonds are interesting at least i can give that (the trucks engine sond like an old man sitting on the toilet after he ate a ton load of beans at might night) and dont get me started on the bung and the poorly detailed game mechanics like the crassing mechanics i've played 4 hrs but the first 10 min determined me to think like this and maybe prevent you form getting ripped off  (scamed) like me , but this is just my opinion so good luck out there XD"
76561198071597058,Not Recommended,227300,28984411,Posted: 3 January,all,nihilnix,"Actually, the game is fun to play and as you can see I play it a lot.But why I don't recommend this game? So people at SCS Software stop being lazy **** and start to work properly on Mac version! I have 27-inch Late 2013 iMac with 16 GB RAM, GT 755M 1 GB and 3.2 GHz i5 and this game crashes so **** often that it is not possible. Game drops at around 30 FPS and we have crash, ladies and gentleman! I wrote to SCS support and guess what. They recommended me to LOWER DETAILS. Wow! Big **** thanks for that help! We are too lazy to program the game under macOS properly so instead you lower your details and if the game crashes, **** you. As I read online, I am not first person with strong Mac to have this kind of problems. I have to say, that I played Alien: Isolation, Outlast and even X-COM 2 from 2016 without any problems and crashes. And I dare to say, that ETS2 does not have supreme graphics so it would even crash at 1920x1080 res with 70% scaling and low details.I don't recommend this game to anyone who has Mac until SCS stops being lazy and offers great support and programs the game so it won't crash when reaching 30 FPS!"
,Recommended,227300,24477767,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mates1500,I can't run over 200 pedestrians while shouting ALLAHU AKBAR in France. Not realistic enough. 7.8/10.
,Not Recommended,227300,33669123,Posted: 20 July,all,Better Off Dead,Booooorrrrrringggggg
,Not Recommended,227300,27777429,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ya ya ya,shity game
76561197975380104,Not Recommended,227300,27516988,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,big ben bullet,Most boring game ever!!  I really don't get the hype.  It's not because it works on many platforms that you should install it. Seriously don't!
,Not Recommended,227300,32715091,Posted: 24 June,all,screaming,NOOO!!!
,Not Recommended,227300,30089922,Posted: 21 February,all,Hammer Morty,WATSE OF MONEY SUCKS DONT BUY WASTE OF UR $
,Not Recommended,227300,34678531,Posted: 2 September,all,UFOGG,The game is excited when it start but when you play for a while you will feel it was so boring.
76561198057662690,Not Recommended,227300,28717469,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Buster,"If you like moving your mouse left and right while holding down W and not doing anything else for few hours this is for you...... and no, I don't think that this can be called game."
76561198132690578,Not Recommended,227300,28819274,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Noob Nightmare,If you like to do the same thing over and over again then fine buy this game
76561198028847349,Not Recommended,227300,23362226,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Cool Zlata,if you have ever driven a real truck you know how boring this game is.. after first job its like yey but the game doesnt really even give you anything for long times after driving and driving. It is a big map I have to give credits for that and the trucks look good but the AI is just boxes what are moving.. the cars look unreal when they move and there is not much a life when you look at the road..   Same cars.. Same Trucks.. No animals No motorcycles. No snow.I recommend this game for kids but not more likely to adults.
,Not Recommended,227300,22451831,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Roscoe333,This game is flawed. It is unstable and fails to launch half the time. Support? What support? Valve will not refund anything beyond a few hours of play. A true rip-off.
76561198052571988,Not Recommended,227300,21966076,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Nazgul,"I would like to recommend this game (I have also enjoyed playing it). It can be relaxing and the scenery is pretty nice.But what ruins this game for me is the stupid AI of the other road users.The amount of times I've had a driver ram into my cargo (thus damaging it) from behind, ram into my truck, decided to change lanes 2m in front of me on the motorway ect is just frustrating to the point I just give up on the game. It appears that road sense and traffic laws are non-existant in this game. Everyone appears to be brain dead."
,Not Recommended,227300,28840314,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,xXBurningTornadoXx,this game sucks
,Not Recommended,227300,33504373,Posted: 13 July,all,abel,this game is about as relaxing as massaging your eyeballs with thumb tacks.
,Not Recommended,227300,33581079,Posted: 16 July,all,ExpressCornet,"This is the worst controlling game ive ever played, literally doing anything feels bad."
,Not Recommended,227300,24425251,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Edvards V. <arbuz>,This game is not diverse. It's simulator of boring ride on the imaginary road.
76561198112138905,Not Recommended,227300,30590995,Posted: 18 March,all,maestrya72,On the way toward Frankfurt am Main after leaving Praha. The second train track has trains going on for more than 5 minutes non-stop. I've stop counting the darn trains at the 10th one.
,Not Recommended,227300,33218224,Posted: 3 July,all,Baby Vortiguant,Boring.
76561198251277188,Not Recommended,227300,24175800,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SniperLyfe,"Dear Owner,The game keeps crashing EVERY TIME I log into my account, can you help me out plz?"
76561198219147335,Not Recommended,227300,25179246,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,JacobasCoolYT,I purshased this game and the grafics are still like in the demo version:(
76561198015492519,Not Recommended,227300,25668287,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Atlantic,Euro Truck 2 have a poor graphic American Truck Simulator looking better.Not all city
,Not Recommended,227300,26079494,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Shaladain,"Steam recommended this game. To be fair, I don't like driving, I don't like driving games, so I should not have bought this game. This has all the trappings of long haul driving, the boring stare out into space and almost fall asleep at the wheel feeling that I too would experience if I were a truck driver. Thankfully I am not. It also amuses me that slamming into another car only amounts you to a 400 euro penalty."
76561198063987261,Not Recommended,227300,33448012,Posted: 10 July,all,Mrps T334,"I would have reccomended it about a year ago, now NOPE! they changed it up WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY too much when you want to park you are given 3 opitons one is the easy way out one is medium and one is HARD! I chose the hard one and raged quited in a minuite and I did the Easier option of  getting the comupter do it and I get 0 XP from it!!!!!Untill there is a mod that comes out taking it back to the old mechinaics. DO NOT BUY!"
76561198311918364,Not Recommended,227300,33500405,Posted: 13 July,all,mattpants,Hated it. I just don't understand the point.It's exactly what it looks like. Driving around a pixelly landscape. That's it.
76561197995431502,Not Recommended,227300,23358710,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,kain_serjiu,"I have played alot Euro Truck Simulator 2 and even American Truck Simulator since both of them's release dates, to be honest the highway system in ETS2 is very bad (except Scandinavia DLC) , where on earth in real life do you see 90 degrees narrow highways, where in real life do you see cars slowing speeds at 70-80 km/h on highways just to turn? Not to mention some of the exits, entrances to highways they are extremely narrow, you have to slow down to like 30-40 km/h just to turn right and jump on another highway (mentioning about the 270 degrees turn to another highway) . If the highway turns would be like in Scandinavia DLC or in ATS (which were very good, I have a thumbs up reply on that) I would rate up this game, but unfortunatelly because of the road system, I have to rate down. I'm hoping ATS will not go down with the highway system, it's good just the way it is now."
76561198035708956,Not Recommended,227300,21869232,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Silency,The game lacks a sense of purpose at a certain point. 5/10
76561198046913234,Not Recommended,227300,24526957,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Al Lou Card,I was pushed to my limits.
,Not Recommended,227300,29364474,Posted: 19 January,all,B E R K  A Y,"I may have played 115 hours but those last 5 hours of TRYING to Play killed all my motivation I had for that game, reason for that is 1. Game Lags (NOT BECAUSE OF MY COMPUTER-BECAUSE OF THE NEW UPDATES) 2. Frozes everytime want to save or load anything related in the game 3. New updates are not really needed such as SNOW MODE (They should make a option to download it or choose NOT to download it (if you don't downloaded it then it gives a ERROR saying the Game Version is not supported). Euro Truck Similator is a big, popular and also Steam Awarded winners so if you look at all the things the game has such as popularity This game should'nt have any problems such as I mentioned above. Who ever is the CEO please check the problems and solve them ASAP because PEOPLE ARE PAYING MONEY TO PLAY THIS GAME,  NOT TO SPEND THEIR TIME CHECKING THE PROBLEMS ON GOOGLE OR TRYING TO SOLVE THE PROBLEMS IN THE GAME SO THEY CAN ACTUALLY PLAY!"
,Not Recommended,227300,28952919,Posted: 2 January,all,Bananya,Tried playing for an hour to try and see what all the fuss is all about. One word came through my mindBORING.How on earth did it win 2 awards?
76561198171898270,Not Recommended,227300,24172881,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,RoofCat,"It's basically (un)dress your Barbie kind of game for truck lovers with an endless DLC scheme you probably know too well from freemium games. Nothing more or less.it's all fake. Preprogrammed cheat. The whole economy is adaptively generated bullsh!t.I thought this type of gaming ""AI"" behaviour was left behind in '90s. Guys you can do better!Bought a new DAF to test my doubts about my own not so ""eco"" driving on Volvo (DAF has live numbers). Average fuel consumption on tacho just under 30 l /100km at the end of the very first aprox 500km job. Close to real life values. Mission briefing and tank still says just under 50 l /100km. WTF?Guess what - you will have those close to 50 l /100km every single time. Doesn't matter if you carry some 24t heavy non aerodynamic industrial machinery or a small 3t something. Number of axles, weight, aerodynamics, engine, driving style, highway vs. hill climbing - doesn't matter. The game actually can count (see DAF) yet it does not. WTF?Your skills and trade deals? You don't get better ones or more just because you acquire the right skills. It's 3 pages of deals in big cities on lvl 1 and so it is on lvl 20 as well. Try to find short range deliveries when you go to a new region with your long haul skill at lvl 3 or more. NONE! You would expect them quite neutral randomly generated based on some regional preferences so your development choice does matter in the end. That may be true like 10%. Like product names. Basically they are generated just FOR your skills, lvl and game progress. Not the other way around. Realistic, simulation - not with this one.You get your payment and XP based on the actual mileage. NOT the initial job offer/deal. So if the order says 500km yet you drive 700 just for fun in circles you will get paid for 700. WTF?Got 4 emails at the start of the game. Still 4 at lvl 20. Interactive masterpiece *sarcasm*.Most ""Cities"" are quite ugly/ identical.Road signs - 1/2 are wrong!  Speed limits 70 on signs, 50 on Satnav. You get fined based on Satnav values not the street signs. WTF?Lines plain terrible - 3 on signs where there are just 2. Just drive the left lane all the time to be sure you won't land on concrete in between. How often do you see faulty signs in RL or can convince police officer your Satnav is right - like once in a decade for a day?In RL passing by on the right side is punishable in Germany. While beeing basic driving style in EE ;) In game it happens all the time everywhere.Part of Praha seemingly doesn't have speed limits.Going on the wrong side of the road can often save you fines. Except for Scandinavia where you get fined for that.Left turn is perfectly fine everywhere *rolleye*.... and so onIt may look and drive quite ok (except for rolling trucks nonsense), but that's it. There are many better driving games just not so many with trucks probably.I bought this on summer sale for 1/3 price. For that price the game is actually almost perfect. Just sad it has such cheap cheats all over the place and imo the overall positive review percentage doesn't properly show the whole picture in depth."
76561198066213862,Not Recommended,227300,21448202,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,rearn_13,When driving around itsn't very fun if you're just traveling for miles
76561198268329283,Not Recommended,227300,26158300,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Rotten Eggs,boring + no croatia
,Not Recommended,227300,20038918,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ахзурс,"Seems like a great game, but don't buy it if you get bored quickly or have a short attention span. I get bored, crash the lorry, fail, and then open GTA and drive cars how they were meant to be driven :) Seriously though the game seems decent and well made. Recommended to people with patience only."
,Not Recommended,227300,28885590,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Absolute Madman✨,"We tried to get into this, but honestly, we have no idea why people find this fun."
,Not Recommended,227300,28948139,Posted: 2 January,all,Generale O maestr | csgo64.com,It's not my tipe of game
,Not Recommended,227300,19995642,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,PenQuins^?,♥♥♥♥
76561198047344373,Not Recommended,227300,21979553,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Dokkasan,"Well the game lives up to it's name, but i gotta say, being a trucker is goddamn boring.  The character progression is interesting and I am happy to say europe is on a greatly scaled down size so it doesn't actually take 10hrs to do one job.  Other than that, I lost interest very quickly in this game.  I think I got to level 11 and realised I can't play this game anymore."
76561198169715963,Not Recommended,227300,33698134,Posted: 21 July,all,UG9076,"I'm actually a fan of the game, but today, something went wrong when I went into the game and went to my profile.What happened?:-the game froze when I went into my profileI was using the first choice ""Play Euro Truck Simulator 2"" (which is 32-bit) and that stuff that I wrote above happened. I don't want to use the other choices, nor I feel like using those other choices.I wanted to haul some heavy cargo with my DAF truck, but I can't because the game will keep freezing when I go into my profile.My current ratings:BEFORE: 10/10AFTER: 0.5/10I'm going to start playing the game again on July 30th.For now, this is not recommended for me until maybe July 30th.I use a powerful computer to play ETS2 that costs over 1K when my family bought it, but I don't know why the game would freeze like that on a powerful computer..."
,Not Recommended,227300,24321899,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,StevensonTheGreat,bad game
,Not Recommended,227300,23241407,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,JaKa semtime,VAI TOMA NO MEIO DO CU COM ESSA♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DE AI E PAREDES INVISIVEIS FODENDO O MEU CAMINHAO
,Not Recommended,227300,21510991,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Pass The Mustard,What is this?
76561198016019014,Not Recommended,227300,21065663,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,GameStart,"Seriously, don't buy this game right now on the Lunar New Year sale. It used to be retailing at $20 but for them to smack a 50% discount off the retail price, they are currently selling at $25. This is plain rubbish and unethical busines practices!"
,Not Recommended,227300,21787853,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,J H O N,Meh..
,Not Recommended,227300,34945305,Posted: 14 September,all,The Depressed Dab,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)0/10 - France to England route broken - Syrian refugees won't stop trying to hop on my truckBroken AF
,Not Recommended,227300,21598704,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,PinguinuPolarXD,gfhfg
76561198180914167,Not Recommended,227300,31735650,Posted: 13 May,all,xXx_LEWDMEISTER96_xXx,I know it's a joke game but my truck flipped over because of a small grass curb. I guess it's fun for robots/borg but I'd rather stick to cars.
,Not Recommended,227300,22909343,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Marijuana,Euro Truck Simulator.Dont do it.
76561198169762357,Not Recommended,227300,22342875,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,S!ckboy,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game!
76561198082238665,Not Recommended,227300,29116538,Posted: 8 January,all,plowman,graphics are poor I wish I never bought it .
76561198044562543,Not Recommended,227300,23606221,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Hiwter G2A,Where the♥♥♥♥♥is the eiffle tower???!?!?
76561198240406702,Not Recommended,227300,30788269,Posted: 28 March,all,mallais111,I CAN'T FIND MY KEY COD ?
76561198059924077,Not Recommended,227300,23113468,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Recovering Ice cream addict,doent work
76561198083422994,Not Recommended,227300,24267113,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Full Metal Freak,This is nothing like smokey and the bandit
,Not Recommended,227300,28653750,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,うつ病 | GmG | は痛い,Toxic ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561197987087412,Not Recommended,227300,23659584,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,walard,I remember the days this game was insanely awesome in the Oculus DK1 and DK2.  Now... No vr support?  What a big mistake.
76561198161954895,Not Recommended,227300,23322591,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,† Magenda,it was fun to crash.
76561197964471108,Not Recommended,227300,21412297,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,King,"I tried, but I just couldn't get into this game. I didn't play it all that much, so perhaps it grows on you. I can see this game being fun in the future, when the graphics progress and make it more immersive and beautiful. The audio needs work, as it too could be more immersive. And why isn't there a radio? I mean, there's a radio, but you have to load audio files in it to work. Once my truck is driving through realistic graphics, playing XM radio, and I hear the crickets chirp at night, then I'll be on board."
76561198176884107,Not Recommended,227300,22348158,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,tyden05,no
76561198038428932,Not Recommended,227300,27820385,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DeerHunter,"The only pros point about this game is that it does not have any competitors.Everything else is cons.Graphics is outdated and dull. But even more - FPS drops in towns and when it is raining.I must say that trucks are decently rendered though.You can say graphics is not the most important thing in games, but in 2016 it is really boring to see simply square houses and plain ground. No mud, dirt and puddles.The gameplay is poor. No economics, no challenges, no competitions, no random events, no events at all.Players are supposed to just buy new updates for trucks and change trucks colors.No physics. There is acceleration, deceleration, and that’s pretty much it. Vehicles collisions can be described using wooden logs as examples.The road is flat like ideal sheet.In summary, the thing will be gladly forgotten after one decent truck simulation game is appeared. I hope."
,Not Recommended,227300,33219510,Posted: 4 July,all,H.E.C.U,drive trucks
,Not Recommended,227300,34311891,Posted: 17 August,all,Ylang - Ylang,"50 hours, and I can not stand that tiny world any more. Cities that have millions of citizens look mostly like some 10 man size villages, thats just insane. I have not purchased any DLC, and that is not going to change. Istead of releasing DLCs that introduce more tiny parts of the world, enlarging the world should be a priority! First fix what should be in the game since day one, then add DLCs.There is another Truck Simulator game being made, we will see what will come out of it."
,Not Recommended,227300,24065296,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,vav,"If you like boring games, you will like this one."
,Not Recommended,227300,22648738,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,斯特凡藍 # SARAC :( ! #,My money
76561198148985835,Not Recommended,227300,19575173,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,كول هيلدبراند,for it's price and what it is not very good gets boring to fast.
,Not Recommended,227300,24343310,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Dope Zebra | CSGOSpeed.com,"Yeah I hate this game...I bought this because I thought it looked good, and for some reason thought there would be something OTHER than driving. I have fallen asleep playing this game it is soo boring."
76561198345226184,Not Recommended,227300,28953501,Posted: 2 January,all,fisherisle,terrible interface
76561198173714886,Not Recommended,227300,21682983,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Verry no sellout!,s
76561198288305200,Not Recommended,227300,21669301,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,lizardlungs21,so laggy
76561198087764725,Not Recommended,227300,28949392,Posted: 2 January,all,A Harvest Fanatic,"This game is absolutely terrible.  It is not fun at all.  There is nothing even remotely fun about it.  Its ""relaxing"" experience leaves a lot to be desired with mediocre at best driving controls and a pretty empty landscape.  Even buying it on sale, I can assure you 5$ is not worth the meme that is playing this flop of a game"
76561198350446480,Not Recommended,227300,33529069,Posted: 13 July,all,Pasil,boring game
,Not Recommended,227300,22470967,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Super Saiyan God,It is a fun game if you like trucks but multiplayer is exactly the same but with friends.
,Not Recommended,227300,22217325,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Faze | D0ge CSGO500 CS.MONEY,Cant run
,Not Recommended,227300,23921086,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,nuorimahku65,So many stupid bugs etc. that ruin the game.
,Not Recommended,227300,31972163,Posted: 26 May,all,Snipars,gay♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't buy unless you are an aspiring retard.
76561198089486644,Not Recommended,227300,35095120,Posted: 20 September,all,Connor,boooorrrriiiinnnnggggg.
,Not Recommended,227300,26052162,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Into the chamber it goes,No Brown people jumping in the back when you go to Dover via Calais0/10 Needs more cultural enrichment
,Not Recommended,227300,23797638,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,✪Nyu,I bought the game and I tried to do a profile to play online . But there showed me that: Given Steam account does not have permanent ownership of the game. Please help ... I bought the game .. there's no demo.
,Not Recommended,227300,32779227,Posted: 25 June,all,CrazedRed,">loads up euro truck sim 2>chooses most handsome looking character>names company ""crazed industries"">starts tutorial>tutorial tells me to drive out of the lot im in onto the road>forget than in UK people drive on left side of road>slams into oncoming traffic>tutorial yells at me>finally make it to my destination after multiple restarts>cant unload the cargo bc i keep doing 180s and damaging cargo>ragequit and refundthis game is not for everyoneand definetly not for me"
76561197986438664,Not Recommended,227300,33066031,Posted: 30 June,all,Sebastiaan,"""start your exiting career as a truck driver""I gained 30 pounds and started wearing a wife beater after playing this game. Oh and i now hate foreigners.- Bad grapics- Boring gameplayits a ""stay within the lines"" simulator"
,Not Recommended,227300,23040292,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,JuanDeage | CSGOKingdom.com,♥♥♥♥♥!!! Could've not bought it!
,Not Recommended,227300,24480527,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,samuel_powell,I DO NOT RECCOMEND THIS GAME BEACUSE IT ♥♥♥♥ING CRASHESHES ALL THE TIME I FORGOT TO PUT SOME MODS IN BEFORE STARTING A PROFILE I EXETED TO PUT THE MODS IN AND IT CRASHED 55X IN A ROW
,Not Recommended,227300,25165381,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SysVoid,Game sux!!!
76561198050855234,Not Recommended,227300,23821240,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Zulu,Do I have to pay to cross the border now that we have a brexit
76561198302060818,Not Recommended,227300,22782227,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,stephanie.jensen1997,i cant get it to work on my mac??????
76561198157239232,Not Recommended,227300,22610106,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,dwesige,i dont see my key
76561197970861945,Not Recommended,227300,23671334,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,kevbrabrook,hi love the game but not on my mac its just work right its so slow and no control on the track pad but it works great on my windows lap top how can i get a refund help
,Not Recommended,227300,23156462,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,GalacticTea,Gave me blue screen
76561198308601569,Not Recommended,227300,34615140,Posted: 30 August,all,JOUJI NEZU,i can't ply online
76561198278363905,Not Recommended,227300,24085381,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,awatchester,dont get it it is not worth the money
76561198209051607,Not Recommended,227300,31463576,Posted: 30 April,all,PartakoS,i dont can install multiplayer plz help me i need help
76561198330003662,Not Recommended,227300,35052229,Posted: 18 September,all,sammy the salmon,This game sucks to American truck simulator American truck simulator has way more fun stuff I'm a level 10833 and I get to play with fun mods with euro your truck sucks and when you begin your gear box sucks and you need to program stuff so euro is to me bad #american truck simulator rules and also I have the Volvo something something so ya get American not eurp
76561198129048536,Not Recommended,227300,28458791,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Some Kid,What the actual ♥♥♥♥ are these reviews.
,Not Recommended,227300,21750375,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Furious Potato,♥♥♥♥♥♥ spel
76561198260526498,Not Recommended,227300,21968847,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,uszy_786,This game is really badly optimised.
,Not Recommended,227300,19757931,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Master Wu,plz no buy
,Not Recommended,227300,20997050,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dzhus,There's no Eiffel tower in Paris. All cities and countries look the same.
,Not Recommended,227300,22510751,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Magno,"Eurotruck simulator? More like press left and right gently simulator. The reviews are amazing.... how can anyone find this game amusing, it's just driving slowly for 3 hours minimum or up to ten hours listening to european dubstep radios with ok graphics. I am so disappointed, but I guess it's my fault for believing that a truck driver simulation could be fun for me. Oh well, refund please!"
76561198001630114,Not Recommended,227300,20921295,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,JCo,Poor (non-existent) controller support on linux and no sign from the devs that a fix is really coming. Steam controller came out months ago and not so much as a peep from them. :(
,Not Recommended,227300,34710144,Posted: 3 September,all,RandomSeagull,Why?
,Not Recommended,227300,28895520,Posted: 1 January,all,Demon,"Bought because it won 2 steam awards, returned before it hit 2 hours because I really shouldn't listen to people.  This doesn't deserve either one of the awards it was in the category for.I'm not sure I should respond to fanboys but.#1 its not fun#2 controls are horrible, I spent 20 out of my 100 minutes in menus fighting with controls, at one point in time I have no idea how I hit something that (useing the xbox controller) caused me to have to hold the back button to be in a forward gear and the start button to be in a reverse gear.#3 trailer mechanics could be a lot better I'd hate to see the others it's better than#4 traffic AI is terrible#5 (I usually don't care about these things but) it looks bad.  I didn't mess with turning the settings up because of the afore mentioned 20 minutes already spent in menues.As for the awardsA)  ""I thought it was cool before"" is 100% subjective so there is no use trying to argue with anyone about that especially a fanatic of the game.B) ""Sit back and relax""  Boring does not equat relaxing. and I like me some boring games."
76561198139643087,Not Recommended,227300,21593117,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Graphtite,10/10... would refund again
76561198044669509,Not Recommended,227300,21836715,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ilWan,"This game is so good the only reason i can't recomend it is because it will eat up all of your time, Social life, Life skills, And may cause you cancer.If you think you have too much time in your life, You should try out this game."
76561198143853060,Not Recommended,227300,22166500,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,✌ Lettuce ☘☘☘,"Developers never saw a motorway in their life, I mean 1 lane motorway REALLY ? not to mention ""realism mode"" wich is not realistic at all truck loses air like crazy ,that happens in reality but only the really old trucks that have damaged air hoses, and it doesn't take a lifetime to build up air,the weight of the truck is insane, the slightest uphill climb will slow the truck down to a crawl like it carries 200 tons.I drive trucks for a living and a truck with a total weight of 40 tons wich is A LOT to road standards in Europe that is, the truck still pulls very well and fast.Traffic Ai is kinda stupid,the sat nav not recalculating new route if you take wrong turns, I can go on forever, there are sooooo many things that make no sense in the game.If you are looking for realism look elsewhere this game is far from a realistic standpoint."
76561198200644297,Not Recommended,227300,21968107,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,romiopopio,♥♥♥♥ this hacker hacker hacker's made this game... HACKER
,Not Recommended,227300,22436661,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,erikhale gaming,i found websitehttp://truckersmp.com/en_USit multiplayer but update so aonnying
76561198184473951,Not Recommended,227300,23956250,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,.NoT^,njjjjj
76561198310642760,Not Recommended,227300,29127396,Posted: 8 January,all,GTMgaming13,So the game was very fun and installs really quickly but ounce you deliver like 3 things you finally relise that it is going to be the same old thing over and over and over again and it gets very boring REALLY quick I bought it and after 2 deliveries i was like no this is going to suck so i refunded it.NOT WORTH 19.99 guys DO NOT buy this game it will waste your money!!!
76561198366136718,Not Recommended,227300,32123370,Posted: 2 June,all,tanvirs258,how to play multiplayer
,Not Recommended,227300,19664495,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,THE BULL MARKET,When I open it the following happens:1. Main monitor turns off2. all open apps on that monitor disapear3. game runs at super low res on second monitor.Why on earth do you have to touch my system screen settings for ETS4?
,Not Recommended,227300,20289340,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Nerdbeard,Steam Controller support is broken on Linux.
76561198128793384,Not Recommended,227300,23134398,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,surealleye4,game is very good but jobs dont worki dont have any jobs pls fix
,Not Recommended,227300,23141373,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,The American Outback,Its fun for about 2 days. Then you want to end your life.
,Not Recommended,227300,33174810,Posted: 3 July,all,☭Ebe✯✫,only singleplayer?!??!
,Not Recommended,227300,28307407,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,sjakie,The game is just no fun if you only use a keyboard and mouse. It's almost impossible to steer without hitting the guardrails. If you're finally at speed in a long straight piece of road you get a speeding ticket because the speed limit suddenly changes.
,Not Recommended,227300,29759466,Posted: 7 February,all,ConfederateAVGN,"DLC system is sh*t, hate this."
76561198162924097,Not Recommended,227300,22886623,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,JDMBunny,"This game is a waste of time and money, I only played 93 minutes of this pice of crap and i feel stupid for playing this,I would never playthis game ever again"
76561198163017469,Not Recommended,227300,34328962,Posted: 18 August,all,Qrax csgospeed.com,"This game cant see if you have a wheel connected, robbish."
76561198320916413,Not Recommended,227300,34221832,Posted: 13 August,all,HarMei0890,It's just a really poorly made game in my opinion.
76561198041628555,Not Recommended,227300,20408734,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,bobman,"Hello, my name is Jon and i live in Jonkøbing. I play a dis gaem with mai friendz to trucking sum trucks hehe. Is very nice gaem when u listan to very nice radio yes. But when u plae gaem for long you get angry and you have no same missions with friendz and u quit. So basically, i give a dis gaem a bad rating you know, shout out to my wife Niels also. Is rating is 2.3/10 ratings."
76561198401161631,Not Recommended,227300,33625772,Posted: 18 July,all,Alucard Hellcase.com,It was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game download from net and its a way more bettter than pıurchasing
76561198105979658,Not Recommended,227300,28543535,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,✪ DR0UGHT™,♥♥♥♥♥is boring AF
,Not Recommended,227300,28935110,Posted: 2 January,all,Goblin,"The Game is incredible in SO many ways... but im giving it a Thumbs DOWN for ONE REASON... BACKING UP IS A DAMN NIGHT MARE! in NO OTHER GAME have i played, GTA (the entire franchise) Watchdogs OR Sleeping Dogs, Driver, EVEN TWISTED METAL... have the reverse been so nightmareish. and when that is a HUGE part of this game.. i can't recommend it to just anyone like myself. now if maybe they had given a Tutorial  on how to back up correctly? maybe i wouldn't be so Salty. but good lord talk about hair pulling."
,Not Recommended,227300,20815950,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Drakeskullnl,"Not for me.Ill take normal cars over trucks, thank you."
,Not Recommended,227300,21017156,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,xXbutzlandXx,"I'm sure this game would be much better with a racing wheel, but playing with a keyboard and mouse is just gross."
76561198094178351,Not Recommended,227300,30161968,Posted: 25 February,all,Tek13,"Dont really like it, very boring. But i guess it's just not my tipe of game."
76561198217134952,Not Recommended,227300,23945459,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TuRbO YoDa,this game sucks
76561198051642220,Not Recommended,227300,21045471,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TabbyCate,♥♥♥♥IN♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME I RAN A RED LIGHT THEY FINED ME
76561198105733931,Not Recommended,227300,20002401,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Simpandirr,I have 58games that works in steam and this just wont. Loads about 90% after choosing my profile then im back to the desktop. No error code or anything.
,Not Recommended,227300,20270826,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,9TEEN8T9,"waste of money... the game was running normaly a day. Than start bugs... with delays of 100000 days , and empty lists of jobs... now this game is just a menu and there is noting to do ..."
76561198004450593,Not Recommended,227300,20408636,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Amine Gülse,"DIS IS BAD GAEM, PLEASE STOP MAKING GAEMS LIK DIZ"
,Not Recommended,227300,20836219,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,sylwiar |,bad game
,Not Recommended,227300,20454256,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,OBAMA BOY,"Good day.This review about support of this game, game is good, multiplayer are intersting, BUT SUPPORT!Firstly, support doesn't work, secondly:my original problem was that i was banned for no reason ( inappropriate nickname). It is ridiculous, i got angry and changed my steam nickname to "" RAYRAYS SUX"", as he was the admin who banned me for no reason.I wrote my first appeal today and there should be a screenshot attached, of my message, and ""rayrays""s reply, which hasn't answered my request and provided no evidence, except the screenshot of my now past nicknames, one of whcih is "" RAYRAYS SUX"". I hope you already understand that this is ridiculous to a degree of a joke, Admin claims that he banned me for nickname that was created after he banned me and i got mad at him . So his evidence is basicaly a consequence of him nbanning me.  Anyways I would like to reply to him with the following message ""You still haven't given me a reason for banning me. the incident you are trying to stick this on has happened after you have banned me for no reason and i have got angry of-course. therefore the evidence you have sent me is irrelevant.I suspect you are taking this case more - personally rather than rationally, which i believe should be confronting the code of conduct for admins.Could you please pass this case onto another admin to therefore solve this case with someone who will make rational decisions based on evidence. inb4 screen shot that you have sent me is not evidence, as it has occured outside of the ban-incident timeline"" However i cannot send any more comments to appeal case or to him personally. I truly believe that this admin has a personal motivation to ban me for unknown reason.  Since i cannot appeal at taht stage anymore, I would like to ask you to pass this case to some sensible and rational admin or if you also believe that i'm wrong, could you please provide some evidence, that would explain why have i got banned, and by evidence i mean actual evidence from game logs or such ?  I hope to receive the customer service that everyone deserve.Thank YouLike please for my support and real admins attention!"
76561198144794098,Not Recommended,227300,20311772,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Aroran,i was not able to download the demo after i bought the game
,Not Recommended,227300,33609600,Posted: 17 July,all,,I had to wait 6 minutes to try the tutorial and when I tried it I just remembered I hate driving gameslmao
,Not Recommended,227300,23925299,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Vault Kid,I dont get why the game is 	Overwhelmingly Positive.... You just drive and drive and drive and drive
,Not Recommended,227300,19886336,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,HeyBaky.com [YT - LIVE] ALIED.RO,I'm on a mac.. it says is compatible.. but i can't even download it on a mac.
,Not Recommended,227300,20058230,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Squig,Parking makes me want to kill myself 100 times over
76561198165674734,Not Recommended,227300,28567131,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Squirrel,even if u buy it in the sale u will still be just wasting your money.
,Not Recommended,227300,20567511,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,SCUMFUCK!,"Uninteresting graphics, boring gameplay, get ready to spend dozens of dollers to play something you dont even like to do in real life."
76561198168544062,Not Recommended,227300,20993772,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,dlhusk,Wasted my time and money..I cannot even run it on my computer..I have Windows 10.Dan
76561197998355086,Not Recommended,227300,28934867,Posted: 2 January,all,monkeybot,What an astoundingly dull game.
76561198271192768,Not Recommended,227300,23918528,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Fer pls,i dont like this game
,Not Recommended,227300,28102285,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Rozero,this game is Sh@t with keyboard
76561198160246941,Not Recommended,227300,18677369,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,AnonimDerp,"Enjoyable at first, but after a while you get bored of driving from somewhere to somewhere, with truck speed. Nice game but should be cheaper, you can't enjoy for a long time."
76561198145594067,Not Recommended,227300,20198203,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Fade,pretty crappy it gets boring in 25mins and i had high hopes for the game but not very fun...If your into no rules games go to GTAV or Saints Of Row.Theres lots of rules and the damage is super annoying and driving is just bad.3/10would refund again
76561198171697287,Not Recommended,227300,30575939,Posted: 17 March,all,Canadian Gamer,"1/10 Canadian Gamer: Not Bad. But it is making it Really Realistic, But why only max speed at 55 MPH? Why can't it go Faster? And, I mean, ""Realistic"" Means ""Boring"", So it is just... Boring. i do not really like it, And the Long Jobs are just too Boring."
,Not Recommended,227300,29672084,Posted: 3 February,all,the.seek3r,"After exploration of 100% of the map and 30+ trucks in my Company I've urged to migrate to another PC.Guess what had happened with my saves? Exactly, they were gone. Even you have ET2 account, Steam Game copy and so on, it won't save you from loosing everything.I can't afford such time investments anymore.Game is good, but Developers are missing what's important for the User.Farewell ET2."
,Not Recommended,227300,33469919,Posted: 11 July,all,FrontZツ,i
,Not Recommended,227300,20267078,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ace of Aces,"Euro Truck Simulator is a great game, but the fact that it is great doesn't mean it is great. Honestly, the game has absolutely no point. All you do is drive your truck arounf Europe to deliver stuff. You atrat out with like no money and nedd to do other company's work to help your own business. Once you have dont that, you just ship for your own company. I find it more fun to intentionally crash and lose money than make money.It has really bad graphics, and dont get me started on the mechanics.This is my real reaction to the game: zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz..."
76561198116547174,Not Recommended,227300,20422512,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,THICC boe,a waste of money if you want to play with steering wheel
76561198129354138,Not Recommended,227300,20405247,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Morka,"I bought the game, and after a few gameplay hours the game crashed and it woudn't start. After I was able to launch it (somehow) I only could only see the trucks windows, and the roof."
,Not Recommended,227300,20248758,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Joa15,After some time of playing gets boring!Depois de um tempo de jogar fica aborrecido!
,Not Recommended,227300,20271453,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mr.Freddy,naspa
,Not Recommended,227300,20809615,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,✪ EmberZ,"the game is to hard when you start off because of the money and xp being taken away from crashing (or mainly the s**t AI) because of that it makes me not want to play the game, also the AI are dangerous because i went around a corner at about 50mph and a bus tried to overtake a truck and we crashed and i got fined and it cost more than 20k to fix my truck so if a detection system in the game was made (if a vehicle is on the other lane then you dont need to pay for repairs or get a fine) and finally make an option in menu for fines,repairs and everything to be free ( in different selection)"
,Recommended,227300,28729844,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,"V@sY^ ""KZ<jumpers-universe>""",Scania
,Not Recommended,227300,19750424,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,♕ Capsecaps ✔ツ,"Mac player here...I started my game, and the roads are not present. Yes, you read that right, the roads are not present at all.And no, it is not a question of having a Mac or Windows software, because the game should be compatible to all softwares as they are selling it that way.So please fix the problem, or I would like a full refund,Thank You."
76561198148415154,Not Recommended,227300,20528674,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Jack14,pretty boring i expected better
76561198008819319,Not Recommended,227300,20134091,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Flanders016,"Painfull controls. Parking is a pain. Graphics are ok. Not a tycoon game. Mainly : drive, park, repeat."
,Not Recommended,227300,20178921,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Fort,Driving trucks all day? Nope not for me. It is not even entertaining.
76561198333235057,Not Recommended,227300,28274866,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Berkyy.95❤;M,İt's bored game. hhhh
,Not Recommended,227300,28204254,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,DaNeXcz,Cant play when you no have Truck on the singelplayer.. money on the shi..
,Not Recommended,227300,30688282,Posted: 23 March,all,Aaron PDX,"For zoning out while driving and listening to music, the GTA series does a better job. For a simulation, this thing doesn't simulate vehicle damage much at all. Don't see what all the fuss is about with this game. Feel janky and UI out of the 90s."
,Not Recommended,227300,19941164,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Cocos,No windows  10
76561198224520048,Not Recommended,227300,24413882,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,reuben.b10,ok
76561198347954826,Not Recommended,227300,33653874,Posted: 19 July,all,Gâsca Nervoasă=GN,I bought this game 3 months  ago but i dont like  this game i would like a refound request because i need to buy insurgency  pls  give me my money
76561198145810190,Not Recommended,227300,22850637,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,leroykuhl03,how to get euro truck simulator multiplayer??
76561198011552261,Not Recommended,227300,20194859,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,jpwhome,"I want to like this game, I really do. I like the story line of just driving a truck from one destination to another. However, I can't drive and I doubly can't drive in this simulation. I like the graphics. They aren't great, but they're good enough. P.S If you see me driving a big rig truck, run for high ground."
76561239819683313,Not Recommended,227300,19929223,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Sam,thsi game sucks
76561198221710212,Not Recommended,227300,20156710,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Zdzihu Wiertara,CHUJOWE NIE POLECAM
76561198036713986,Not Recommended,227300,20267728,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Murdok,Playing this game is like watching paint dry. The steering with mouse and keyboard blows. If I had a steering wheel I may enjoy this more. BUT I don't.
,Not Recommended,227300,32732125,Posted: 24 June,all,unemployed black astronaut,I cannot condone a game that is illegal
76561198067268174,Not Recommended,227300,27769103,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Silver Harmony,"I came into this game thinking it was like 18 Wheels of Steel, I was mistaken. One of my favorite parts of the game was having to go and get the cargo, not click it and its automatically on your rig. It is a good game none the less, just not for me."
76561198272323485,Not Recommended,227300,29132403,Posted: 8 January,all,Zubbies CSGOgem.com,It's good but you can't play MULTIPLAYER!!!! MAKE IT BE ABLE TO PLAY MULTIPLAYER ON MAC. LIKE HOW HARD IS IT TO ADD MULTIPLAYER JUST DO IT. YOU'LL GET MORE BUYS!! Please listen to my review. and if you are look for a multiplayer game I don't recommend this game.
76561198032767188,Not Recommended,227300,19967047,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,NGT,No Jam
,Not Recommended,227300,33652344,Posted: 19 July,all,fischer,trash
,Not Recommended,227300,32715585,Posted: 24 June,all,★ K3lpYe -iwnl-,not recommended
,Not Recommended,227300,24208443,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Sandy Hook Was A Hoax,──────▄▌▐▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀​▀▀▀▀▀▀▌───▄▄██▌█ beep beep▄▄▄▌▐██▌█ gay porn delivery███████▌█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄​▄▄▄▄▄▄▌▀(@)▀▀▀▀▀▀▀(@)(@)▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀​▀▀▀▀(@)▀
,Not Recommended,227300,20014542,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,(Strai),"If you're specifically looking for a truck driving simulator, go for it, I guess.  Otherwise, there are countless better options available.GraphicsBelow average in quality, and utterly uninteresting.GameplayStiff, with unintuitive controls all over the keyboard.  Every mission is the same, drive from point A to point B, on what feels like auto-created identical linear highways.StoryI don't think there is one?  You're a trucker, trying to start your own trucking empire, by driving other people's trucks...You could play this game in GTA5, with 100x more features, and actually have fun in the process.  The game as a whole does exactly what its advertised as, and pretty much exactly what I expected from it, but I have no idea why this even exists, or why its so popular.  No interesting or unique features, a simple driving sim, not even multiplayer.  The18 Wheels of Steelseries (made by the same company) came out nearly a decade ago, and is practically identical to this, aside from having even weaker graphics, and varied features."
76561198154200676,Not Recommended,227300,20051949,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,(SSK)SatpamSunanKuning,Police
76561198089401399,Not Recommended,227300,31799041,Posted: 16 May,all,LordDred,Gameplay is very repetetive. Driving jobs while called differently are essentially the same thing. Truck upgrades are limited. Played similar games that were released 10 years ago that had more content.
76561198202877762,Not Recommended,227300,27753460,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cezinho,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t !!!!!!!!!
76561198035826989,Not Recommended,227300,18623700,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Korkrag,"If you, like myself, are impatient, bad at driving and have lots of road rage, try using Grand theft auto as a driving simulator instead. I find this game far too difficult, struggling to get anywhere without getting lots of fines, and accidentally taking a wrong turn and spending over an in game hour trying to figure out how to get back to the right way to go. Getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and trying to make U-turns in the middle of motorways, hitting just about everything allong the way, watching your engine stall because it's severely damaged and getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that nothing is happening. granted, I only flipped upside down twice. I really can't play this game, so if you are like myself, avoid it.Though, I imagine if you are nothing like me, it's probably quite fun."
76561198164571576,Not Recommended,227300,20080885,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,adrianandsarah90,bad graphics hoping for refund
,Not Recommended,227300,19716057,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Yonosal,Well my firend recommended this game to me. How can he think this game is good?!ps: ♥♥♥♥ him1/10
76561198121169474,Not Recommended,227300,30300238,Posted: 3 March,all,Borrito gaming,i cant find multiplayer
,Not Recommended,227300,33147600,Posted: 2 July,all,Crain Train,"Bad game, I don't like this game."
76561198063731286,Not Recommended,227300,19883459,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Spice King,What are the two main facets of being a trucker? Pies and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. This game has neither of these two things. I was disappointed.
,Not Recommended,227300,20028672,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,grannycougar,who wastes their life on this♥♥♥♥♥♥you're better off becoming a truck driver and wasting your life being a truck driver IRL.if you cant drive and u want to waste ur life i think u should drive a truck anyways and crash it into a pile of logs
,Not Recommended,227300,18889380,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Профессор Всезнамус,>EURO Truck Simulator 2>Not Russia on the map
76561198187123922,Not Recommended,227300,19888258,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,LAWJESTER,dont buy doesnt work well.
76561198129379396,Not Recommended,227300,19275359,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Sen,this game sucks.
,Not Recommended,227300,19128150,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Mecha King Kong,"The game is fun at times but the DLC is a barrier to my enjoyment. Some modern developers aren't happy with the money you've paid them for the game, they want to rub add-ons in your face in the menus and loading screens. They won't be happy until you've paid the £55(!) for all the DLC. That's not the price of the game and the DLC, that's the price of the DLC alone. And they're currently making more DLC."
,Not Recommended,227300,20905150,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,grandtheftautoonline,b0RinG
76561198170344093,Not Recommended,227300,19867904,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Axel  PUBGUpgrader.gg,Don't buy it if you want to play multiplayer because it's very hard at parking and you can't skip.
76561198151302714,Not Recommended,227300,19948712,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Thebritishslayer,Hate it
,Not Recommended,227300,34906424,Posted: 12 September,all,Amadeyy,Perfect game for ppl with no life.4/10
,Not Recommended,227300,19797363,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Kickstone1,BAD DONT GET WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME BUY GTA 5 INSTEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198119178098,Not Recommended,227300,16323303,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Lime,"I played the demo for about 2 years.. i couldnt decide to buy it.. But a friend of mine told me too,so i bought it downloaded plugged in my wheel and... It was boring, for some reason it was  plain boring.. I didnt know why, those 2 years of playing the demo was fun, but now...GRAPHICS:   In my opinion i think the graphics are amazing and the day and night cycle is fantastic. Though i had to put the graphics on medium in order to get decent fps.GAMEPLAY: Gameplay is amazing aswell you get dragged in to the game and you feel like a real trucker, though jobs  take sometimes half an hour  but still teh nice graphics and landscape saves it. Also to not get bored while you drive and you cant ignore is the truck, the pure detail isamazing from the gps to the mirrors. This game will keep you entertained for hours even years..This game is the best of simulators.MAP: The map is absouletely HUGE with the dlcs its even bigger! When you start of you can choose where youre company is located, for me the best place was german, because everything is close and jobs are short. And when i talk about the map i cant ignore the amazing details. When you drive around you can see cows, horses and other animals. The developers did a very good job with the details.Requirements: What can i say.. The game is from 2012 and can run on most laptops!And the size of the game is 2 gb, thats amazing! Personaly i tohught this game was well over 10 gb. square enix scs software keeps on impresing.But for some reason this game was just boring for me.. maybe because i have played the demo for 2 years and had done all of it.. I know the demo isnt the whole game, just a small bit of it , but still its the same game."
76561198217036911,Not Recommended,227300,19436914,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,CutePoison,nu
,Not Recommended,227300,29601085,Posted: 31 January,all,Martabak Telor,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,227300,30227938,Posted: 27 February,all,DN-,Just single-player
76561198294097248,Not Recommended,227300,26417519,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,MinistryOfDarkness,my game is so lag when i play the game
76561198150850950,Not Recommended,227300,19398515,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,armymand40,"I CAN NOT GET IN THE GAME! As soon as i click to get in, if has a black screen (with my modified settings). Im having trouble with another game and it is to much stress to fix both. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!"
,Not Recommended,227300,19879426,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RustyNugget(sfm posters),IT IS A LOAD OF RUBISH 0/10 IGN I WOULD RATHER PLAY Ace Of Spades
76561198148525521,Not Recommended,227300,19355787,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dymensity ★—_—💧,"My friends had this game.I wanted to play with them.I bought it while it was only 4$.I tried it.It was the worst game i have ever played and probably will play.For me,this game is the very worst.4$ wasted,now waiting on a refund.+ you do nothing beside pressing W and maybe S."
,Not Recommended,227300,32245427,Posted: 7 June,all,Moorro,sh-it game.also ♥♥♥♥kk volvo. im really angry ;S stuupid game no sense
76561198258289663,Not Recommended,227300,19180542,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Tiger9700gaming,will not play bought in and the screen gose black
,Not Recommended,227300,19997742,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Anonim,No Multiplayer. :(
76561198083269335,Not Recommended,227300,26372833,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,The Dominator,Biggest bull♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game i got !I can play GTA V and Maffia 3 on ultra but Euro truck keeps crashing my computer.I tryed to contact them for a fix no one write an email back.So i do NOT recommend this game to anny one.0/10
,Not Recommended,227300,19990743,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,playingboy,hhh
76561198025817574,Not Recommended,227300,31705848,Posted: 12 May,all,trocko,"The game has just one, but great drawback. There is no steam cloud, so everytime you reinstall Windows, you lose all your progress, which comes from many hours of playing. So, only after some Steam Cloud DLC is released, I will consider buing any DLC for this game whatsoever. I am not willing to play this through from the begining once again."
,Not Recommended,227300,16164831,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Beeth-Oven,"ok the concept is cool, but the game is way to glitchy and in my view, THIS GAME IS THE DUMBEST GAME I EVER PLAYED IN MY ENTIRE LIFE, TO THE PEOPLE WHO PLAY THIS GAME, GET A LIFE LOSERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198098381700,Not Recommended,227300,17166181,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Alkaya,"Why I don't recommend this game? The reasons are many but the main is the game doesn't feel at all like truck simulator and the game is not challenging at all.1. Lack of police - as much as we don't like them lurcking behind some bush IRL, the cops are absolutely necessary in this game.  I was so disappointed when I found out there is no police on the roads. This kills like the half of the realism. You can drive with top speed on the highway without worring you can be pulled over for speeding, driving on shoulder or wrong lane or whatever. There are only few speed cameras and if you don't see the signs and get a ticked you can just quick load the quick save you made like 5 seconds ago and everything will be fine. Which leads to my number 2 reason.2. Quick Saves - this option should not exist while driving. You can make quick saves every 5 seconds and if anything bad happens like get ticket, crash, miss exit or whatever you are just one quick load away. This is an exploit that can kill the joy of every player. Some of you will say ""then just don't use it"" ... well there is one very bad human trait - temptation. When you know it is there sometimes you can't resist. You should be able to sava game while you are on the road only on resting areas.3. Lack of routes - in this game there are onle highways and main roads. There is lack of options where you can choose to take different highways / IRL sometimes you prefer to travel longer but cheaper/. 3.1 - You can't choose to take a ""risky"" route which can be shortcuts but it have restrictions for trucks and get pulled by cops and get a ticket /which leads to number 1./ or be stuck in low bridge which IRL can happen very often if you haven't checked the route before. There are no unknow roads that you can take the risk and explore.4. No traffic jams near or in cities - this is one of every driver's /truck or car driver/ nightmare. To be on the wrong Highway at the wrong time of the day ... and be late for the delivery. Cities are very simply made in this game, and they look almost all the same, no matter if you are in France or Poland. No real traaffic experience. And even if you get ""stuck"" on red light intersection you can just ""quick load"" and all the traffic is gone! Wow .. magic!5. Who gives a crap about signals and that kind of stull, right?Maybe it sounds like hate, but this is my honest oppinion about the game. I had very big expectations because of the rating it has, but in my scale this game deserves no more than 5 out of 10. It needs more challenge, it needs more realism"
76561198117061344,Not Recommended,227300,13874475,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ExtremeJellyBean,"I was playing for 1st time on stream, I tryed to go offroad, game said (No.) Want a refund."
,Not Recommended,227300,14061762,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,funkj¬¬,Fun for a couple hours.
76561198110992228,Not Recommended,227300,16547873,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,kylelao,"don't download for mac users, you won't be able to see the road"
,Not Recommended,227300,17070228,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,James,The most boring game on the ♥♥♥♥ing planet. Id rather watch Alvin and the chipmunks on repeat for 10 hours than play this ♥♥♥♥ing game. Also someone needs to make a mod so i can mount a minigun on my truck so i dont have any ♥♥♥♥ing cars to crash into.
76561198238271036,Not Recommended,227300,16962467,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,sammarsh8758,Very angry I download this game and the graphics dont even work do nto waste your money on this junk. I cant believe this game is on steam.
,Not Recommended,227300,16967714,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,bawbag,If you like aimlessly driving trucks around poorly rendered areas then this is the game for youIGN 8/8 M8
,Not Recommended,227300,26405573,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jesper,hej
,Not Recommended,227300,30011164,Posted: 18 February,all,ConSithLord,I hated this game it took 5 hours to download and apparentley i played it for those 5 hours so i cant even get a refund it is the worst system i've ever seen!
,Not Recommended,227300,14315846,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,TrilleElias,this game sucks
76561197960298430,Not Recommended,227300,15605609,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,TheJeffness,"Ummm....Boring as hell.  I dont understand why this is so well reviewed.  I mean for a simulation of truck driving I suppose it is somewhat accurate....but who the hell wants to drive a truck the ACTUAL speed limit and obey ACTUAL laws.  We play games to experience things we cant experience or dont want to experience in real life.  I could imagine this game being cool if the maps were accurate and you could go around and explore Europe, you know one of the actual things that makes driving in REAL LIFE fun...unfortunately the maps are bland, repetetive, and generic.  You just stay on the highway all the time, the cities dont resemble cities but rather empty grids, and the scenery is contantly recycled making it so everyplace looks identical.  If you arn't a fan of big rig driving, which is about 99% of the population, do yourself a favor and do not purchase this game.  1/10 for normal users.  2/10 for automobile enthusiast.  2.5/10 for truck enthusiasts.  0/10 for me"
76561198073549526,Not Recommended,227300,14334748,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,mrccgn,This game doesn't really work on lower powered computers and doesn't offer much more than necessary fixes to the first game.
,Not Recommended,227300,16686290,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,J0int,"boring game and it's impossible to park with that ♥♥♥♥ing thing. great simulator, i felt like an asian woman while parking. 0\10 would never park again"
,Not Recommended,227300,17237293,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,A_Shooting_BusH!_,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats keeps conflicting with Logitech formula gp wheel...Mouse cursor keeps going up in menues and brake pedal is slighty on even though you havent pressed it down.. Was just about to buy nordic eu dlc ...happy i didnt!
76561198137508252,Not Recommended,227300,17337543,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,blued0d00,"this game is amasing, every thing works fine and it is realy fun to play. I played it for howers. then the of the bug fix for the number plates and the game is sudnley un playable. I have tryed every thing to fix it but it still dosnt work, this is realy disapointing for a game that is so amasing to play, i exspected more. so plese fix it soon"
76561198128246226,Not Recommended,227300,18226168,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,bombn47,I love the game but there is one thing i cant play it because it glitched and it does this weird graphics glitch that is making the game that i cant even go into free roam mode
76561198169929914,Not Recommended,227300,15229291,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,chris225002,I do not like how having an update that can be done and installed but steam blocks that i went to update my game and i got a pop up saying that steam dose not support this update by reading this in my mind its we have to wait till the people who run steam want to update it and that to me is not ok if i buy a game off of this website i should be able to update it as i please paying 22.99$ for a game and being able to update it i am not happy with this and im sure many others are as well
,Not Recommended,227300,16519736,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lightoning,Worst Game ever its so laggy and you cant actually have fun with it!!! Dont buy
76561198402179839,Not Recommended,227300,35236680,Posted: 26 September,all,Micul cel Mare,dddwwdw
,Not Recommended,227300,13466842,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,prcjkc,"Yes this game cost less than a gallon of gas, so how upset can I be? Reading the other reviews and seeing that this game has an ""Overwhelming Positive Response"", I jumped on the sale price. I enjoy driving games and thought this would add a nice sim/management complexity to the typical ""racing"" game. First off I don't think this is meant for anyone that doesn't have a full blown steering wheel/dashboard setup. There are way too many options to fully enjoy this game with a typical controller and driving games definitely lose something with a keyboard. It reminds me of something I learned when I got my game design degree, it was a Design class about how you really need to pay attention to the user interaction aspect of your design; to do that you need users to test and give feedback. A few examples of what I mean, if you have a game controller selected or a steering wheel, the menus should default to the selectable options only, no reason I should have to control a mouse pointer or at least give me a back/close button so I don't have to move the pointer all over the screen.The number of buttons it takes to really feel like you are driving is crazy in this game: Gas, Brake, Steering, POV, Turn Signals, Light, Camera View, Menu, wipers, etc. Not to mention setting these up on a controller, first you go into the control to set the steering, POV, Gas, Brake and Shifting. Then you have to go into the Keyboard menu to set the other functions. Why? It makes zero sense to have a Controller Menu but make me go into the keyboard menu to set it up. Ok, so let's say you can overlook that, it seems petty (and it probably is if this didn't have 2 in the title.)Now I agree with the majority when it comes to game play, there is something relaxing about loading up a couple hours of music and driving, while building an empire. But again, I have at least one major issue, the second freight job I took, when I was backing up to line up with the trailer, I misjudged and hit it instead. It proceeded to tip over, now the only option I have is to forfeit that job and loose $12,000. Although I can't verify this since I can't attach the trailer, but I suspect the trailer damage doesn't start to register till it is hooked up to the truck. If that is the case, why would they not incorporate some functionality to the trailer that it stays up right until attached (a switch built into the Unreal Engine, so it is possible). Now this also could be explained away possibly as realism, but part of the design process in anything is to manage the user’s frustration levels. Something like this could be handled like all other accidents I've had so far, a deduction in the total earnings. I sustained damage to my truck and I will lose almost all my money. Even in real life I would be able to call someone to flip the trailer over, but in the game it sunk into the ground.All in all, if you are looking for a few hours of relaxation, and you don't mind a few minutes of frustration and stumbling around trying to configure the game so you can play it, go for it. If you are looking for an improved sequel, this may not be it (although not having played the first, I can't say it's not improved.) I will reiterate, if this game was not a sequel I probably would have a totally different opinion, but the fact that the start of the game (set up and initial game play) are so frustrating, I tend to believe the entire game is riddled with this kind of stuff.To the design team: make sure the player can jump in and control the game with minimal effort; first impressions are paramount."
,Not Recommended,227300,13963767,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,DogOfSnow,"It WAS alright, but then after reinstalling it onto my new computer the game starts up and doesn't actually take me into the game's GUI although it says its running. Before all that happened I was thoroughly enjoying playing truck simulator, it passed a lot of time by and it was very therapeutic. However since I reinstalled it, and I stopped being able to see it, I give it a thumbs down. A bug im hoping they fix some time soon because it's frustrating that I spent £14.99 on this game and now I cannot get it to work."
76561198086524274,Not Recommended,227300,16667501,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,simonbeth,"Hi,I had really been looking forward to playing this game and when i seen it available on the Mac platform i thought yeah i will buy it. The problem was that when i had went through all the selection process within the game. It would stat to load and once the actual game graphics came up CRASH. Everytime this would happen i then E-mailed SCS Software who told me to add a line within the game.config folder this would only delay the crash within the game. I E-mailed SCS again and they told me to send the game.log i am still waiting on a response that was around 4 weeks ago. Do not buy for Mac until updates available."
76561198067690851,Not Recommended,227300,16679933,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,y0y0ma,"Crashes endlessly on my computer with Core i3 Ivy Bridge, 8GB RAM, Intel HD 4000 and Ubuntu 14.04. The funny thing is that my system matches the minimum system requirements. I had to run this game in 800x600 (really!) to avoid the crash. Apart from that it is a very slow paced game. My first delivery job would have taken me >2 hours of driving and to be honest that is not my cup of tea. If I have to watch myself drive a truck in ultra-low res on the German Autobahn for hours on end, I might as well take off my glasses and do so on my bicycle. Could have been fun, but I would never find out.Thank goodness for Steam refunds!"
,Not Recommended,227300,19897382,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,BigMemeTyrone,gay
76561198133916683,Not Recommended,227300,13923586,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Gall,This is THE BEST GAME ever. I recomend for all of u! <3
76561198157727165,Not Recommended,227300,14533420,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,garybullet,"Support for linux version non existant, SCS fail ed to give any satisfactory reply to help request, just refering me back to Steam, Steam support web page only directs you to SCS support or un-related topic .On attempting to play, everything appears to be night time shadows but switching on lights has no effect.Steam:- where is a refund button for games that do not play?"
,Not Recommended,227300,13767680,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Minimal,Meh.I get it. Its silly and goofy. The reviews are all a running joke...funny. This game isn't really that great. Steering sucks♥♥♥♥♥with G27
76561198093226828,Not Recommended,227300,14131688,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,azaz326,This game is strange.Let me explain:  When ı first received that game ım very excited. but after a while ı understand that it's not so good because after a while this game is very boring because  after a while ı understand that ı  always doing the same thing and this is a very boring. Hopefully ı told good. See you...
76561198167153322,Not Recommended,227300,16525658,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,georgemosxonas,boring
76561198012717206,Not Recommended,227300,14690052,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Stinger,"I just don't get why this game is getting good reviews. I was bored to death with it. I would not have bought this game if not for the great reviews. So here is a bad review if you are where I was. If you are not into truck driving games, all the good reviews in the world won't keep you interested in this. It is driving a truck. You are sitting in a truck driving down the road. Snorefeast simulator. Just skip it."
,Not Recommended,227300,15078000,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Sunny,Developers not want make official multiplayer :(
,Not Recommended,227300,13688592,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Glampkoo,"Cons:-Repetitive scenery.-Jobs are boring and repetitive, nothing interesting happens. At least something unusualshouldhappen right? No.-Clunky and confusing UI.-Unintuitive default keys.-Time passeswaytoo slow between quick jobs.-Time and distances are not correct, 1km is like 20m.-Highways are really weird, sometimes they have only 1 lane and suddenlybam!6 lanes! Also they have 60km speed limit. I go to 90km like I want.-Unrealistic AI, nobody is going to drive less than 60km/h inin a ♥♥♥♥ing highway!"
76561197989065794,Not Recommended,227300,13745538,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,sunsanvil,"While at first a seemingly novel driving game, and superficially a pretty one to be sure, it quickly gets monotonous.   Locations are very much abstracted and advancement of your company or decorating your virtual rig just doesnt seem worth the many many hours of highway driving required.  What you are left with is a fairly empty game experience."
,Not Recommended,227300,17349533,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ConSlayer,Crashes when i start it
76561198253897817,Not Recommended,227300,18633307,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,big black boom boom cocobutter d,i hate the game
,Not Recommended,227300,16571944,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Quero cafééééééééé (╯°□°）╯,"Don't buy if you have a mac, it won't render the ground"
,Not Recommended,227300,17615428,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Peasant,♥♥♥♥ING POLSKI POLSKI BOY CAN'T FIX MY MULTIPLAYER. I NO PLAY MULTIPLAYER AND MY SINGEL PLAYER IS NO FUUUN BECAUSE IT BAAAD
76561197974463954,Not Recommended,227300,16985267,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,FCo,"Bad anti aliasing, very very bad with keyboard, not usable with xbox controller.. useless game"
76561198019431087,Not Recommended,227300,18069330,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,StenborG,I dont like it :(
76561198183724665,Not Recommended,227300,18022217,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,1963-2016 R.I.P George Michael,God what more boring thing to do than sit around for maybe 10-40 minutes on a road doing swivels and turns. If you get bored easily do not buy this game. I've learned my lesson.
76561198065198028,Not Recommended,227300,16628280,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Ebrius Imperator,"Both single player and multiplayer are bugged, especially the latter. I ecountered bugs such as tipped over or not showing trailers, AI drivers crashing into my truck for no reason and job offers not showing at all.The graphics are also terrible, judging by the game's release date I think it must have been among the worst driving games of that year.Also, cities occupy an extremely small area through which one may drive, therefore they are completely unrealistic.All in all I'd rate it a 1/10.You may note the fact that I'm new to this genre I so can't give a ""professional"" review, nevertheless I felt like expressing my opinion.Buy this gane only if you plan on becoming a real life low life trucker. Honestly, this is the only steam game I regret buying. A pitty they do refunds only for physical merchandise."
76561198014449632,Not Recommended,227300,16665867,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,PiroDragonfist,What the hell is this game about?
,Not Recommended,227300,16819881,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ಅಮಿನಿ ಸ್ಟಡಿಸ್ಟಿಕ್ಸ್,.-.♥♥♥♥♥that game
,Not Recommended,227300,20881667,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,the hollywood hootsman,gyrocopter simu;lator make it or else
76561198194621727,Not Recommended,227300,15718604,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,jamiea776,this game sucks its not worth the money or head ack.
76561198157450233,Not Recommended,227300,14608533,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,IM VAC BANNED YES,all you do is driving a truck across europe
,Not Recommended,227300,15701228,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,kepivend x Fighter,"Just huh , after new update was released, brakes aren't working properi....now it's just stupid delay, about 1-2 seconds before brakes  start working...not recomment, just because updates fed up this.."
,Not Recommended,227300,16839131,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,SaqerAlghamdi,Not Working in Mac !!
,Not Recommended,227300,13846045,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TheDamox,It really is a waste of money
,Not Recommended,227300,17320401,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,jsmcdavid,this game i a peice of poop
76561198030438437,Not Recommended,227300,13476243,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,dave,"Only played it roughly a hour, and I already had 5 gamecrashes... Don't know if it's my setup, but this isnt playable for me..."
,Not Recommended,227300,13493729,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Luke Groundwalker,I bought this game on sale because the user reviews said 'Overwhelmingly Positive'. I found it boring and failed to understand why so many others liked it. Manual parking is exceptionally hard and not really rewarding. I'd rather spend time playing some other game.
,Not Recommended,227300,13841402,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,THAD,"I got bored with it after about 1 hour.  Bottomline - Not enough interesting things to do.  The major challenge in all the deliveries is backing up to park at times.  I think a Farm simulation would be money better spent, at least you would have a variety of things to do."
76561198066945516,Not Recommended,227300,16579726,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,PurpleManCow,"Drive 90% of the 20 minute long mission without a scratch, speeding ticket, very frustrating low speed turning resulting in 4 ""crashes"" once i finally do manage to finish the mission after driving the vast majority of it perfect, i end up getting less than half the reward.  i get that it's a ""driving simulator"" but if it doesn't feel like driving, why should i only get the pains of real life without even real life driving.The most frustrating part is that i am a big fan of relaxing, casual games and i figured this would be right down my alley.  to a certain extent it's great, highway driving is pretty much just what i hoped for, the problem is it being nearly impossible to not hit a car with the extremely awkward low speed turning, that is unless there is literally no possible obstacles around.Then, at the end of the day when you finally grind through a few missions, you realize you only have maybe 5,000 euros and need 125,000+ to actually get your own truck.  It feels like i havn't even started the damn game yet of building up my fleet of trucks/expanding over europe.  i'm not even 1/10 of the way to getting 1 truck, and i'm already frustrated to the point of not wanting to even try to build myself up to that point.On top of all of that, the fact that there are ""real cities"" is pretty irrelevant.  yes, there are real city names, yes it does ""feel"" like europe, however the roads and cities do not feel familiar at all.I'm sure this will not be the last i play this game, the concept is something i was really excited to play around with, and the production value is quite good as well.  it just feels like something i could only really play a mission here or there if i just want to chill and drive around on the highway.  I do not see myself actually putting the time in to try and really get into the story, as it just feels far to slow and non rewarding for me to care.  if it feels like i need to complete 50+ overly similar repetitive, unsatisfying frustrating missions just to get ANY reward out of the game, that's not something i will be sitting down and taking a big chunk of my free tiem to play through.awesome concept, awesome production, too frustrating, too few rewards.Maybe if they gave you 1 old beater truck at the start so it could at least feel like i can upgrade my old beater it would be at least a bit more rewarding.  as it is i feel like i'm doing the same mission over and over for next to nothing of a reward to put towards a top end truck i feel like i'll never be able to afford.I do not reccomend unless you have the patience of a monk."
,Not Recommended,227300,15720038,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Useless S. Grant,sO DAMN BORING
,Not Recommended,227300,16488839,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Grandma Geedorah,"The controls are clunky and laggy. Gameplay isn't fun, even frustrating, and the UI is crap."
76561198229678640,Not Recommended,227300,16679487,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,NeonNinjaZero,I can see the potential for a fun game if the driving controls were better.
,Not Recommended,227300,16605564,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rah,"Driving in endless kilometers of roads might be fun, but gets repetitive impressively quick and boring, specially in a fully loaded, heavy truck."
,Not Recommended,227300,14329056,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Peek,Hi! I have a problem with my euro truck simulator 2.When i want to start said:euro truck simulator has stopped working.Please help me..here is the errorProblem Event Name:	BEXApplication Name:	eurotrucks2.exeApplication Version:	1.16.0.2Application Timestamp:	54c0e1e0Fault Module Name:	StackHash_5861Fault Module Version:	0.0.0.0Fault Module Timestamp:	00000000Exception Offset:	PCH_F0_FROM_ntdll+0x0003C1ACException Code:	c0000005Exception Data:	00000008OS Version:	6.3.9600.2.0.0.256.48Locale ID:	1033Additional Information 1:	5861Additional Information 2:	5861822e1919d7c014bbb064c64908b2Additional Information 3:	01d7Additional Information 4:	01d7340064827245f2249cd1f1a7c264
,Not Recommended,227300,16828236,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,FozZi #VapeNation gamdom.com,"This is a fun game if you are bored and don't have any friends. If you like playing multiplayer, you shouldn't buy this game."
76561198117245205,Not Recommended,227300,16938905,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,toughmanov,dlc leri oyundan pahalı nasıl birşey anlamadım arkadaşlar oyun optimize değil ve bu an-optimize hali ile daha dlc çıkarıyorlar en iyi ekran kartlarıyla bile kasan bu oyunu bu fiyattan alıcağınızı ve karşılayacağını düşünmüyorum
,Not Recommended,227300,18090871,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Scorchus,"I don't know if the people who wrote these reviews are real or fake, because this game sucked major heiny.- 1- My game time says it all.- Not worth 27.99, save your money."
76561198042365801,Not Recommended,227300,17611705,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Top Tiger,it ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hell
76561198205174916,Not Recommended,227300,16904151,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,ASR39,boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198198753759,Not Recommended,227300,17191411,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Jim1h,i loved this game but the new update is crap cuz you cant play multiplayer any more
,Not Recommended,227300,17484248,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Alcohol Enthusiast 🍻,THE PARKING IN THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME TAKES LIKE 3 HOURS AND YOU GET 0$ BECAUSE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING GET 100% DAMAGE BECAUSE OF THE ♥♥♥♥ING TURNING THIS SHITY SHOULD BE OVERWELMINGLY NEGATIVE THE ♥♥♥♥ING MULTIPLAYER IS COMPLETELY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS BALLS! REFUND THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥
76561198254302211,Not Recommended,227300,18742750,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,memeg4m1n9,very poor graphics and controls.would not recomend.worse than first game.2/10
76561198202885632,Not Recommended,227300,14328136,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,charlie.faulkner,since update wont run on my machine VERY VERY CROSS i didnt want to do up date because  of that risk
76561198096848823,Not Recommended,227300,14219415,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,SkinnyMalone,"Why the hell do people like this game? Seriously, all you do is drive... in a truck, for HOURS... And this isn't the cool kind of driving either, no races or tokyo drifts in there, oh noooo, be prepared for hours of obeying the traffic laws mother ♥♥♥♥er!!For real guys, this game is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198109422351,Not Recommended,227300,15771468,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,JefMcD,"Drive a truck, nothing happens, be bored. This is really really really boooooooooooooooooooooring"
76561198234015304,Not Recommended,227300,16508356,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AwnGaming,this product does not operate as demo does. its very slow and staggers through operations cannot control any operationsas described . i have a very fast computer and all other games operate great. i need to get this operating or cancel this recent download and get money back.
,Not Recommended,227300,16013604,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,T(heo),"Horrible, the mac version is bugged as♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont even buy if you own a mac."
76561198118634888,Not Recommended,227300,14547756,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,UnknownSoldier,"Euro Truck Simulator 2:Very good Simulator wich is about driving new truck around half Europe.The defectis that they you don't have your own triller and that is not realistic.There are things in ADR simulation wich is unrealistic. You can get ADR licens with test not with money.You have to add points to drive economically in long distace and again - this is not realistic.You have to unlock cities and then you'll know what kind of loads they have. Again far from the real thing.You get very fast above 300 000 euro ,and you don't have where to spend them.Unreal sounds from the trucks and bad traffic. Very offen when you drive and the car before you stop very fast and you don't have where to stop and you crush in him.There is no new models of building, gas station, parking lots and others.And one new truck model they are making it more than 4 months...Its colled ""SIMULATOR"" but a lot of things are not very good simulated.You can work for firms and to conclude contract to travel with your truck and triler.There is no CB Radio and Load Planing like in PTTM. Also a lot of else functions witch in Haulin and Long Haul was there.Almost non Toll sistems around Europe for taxies on the roads.You can't add eny functions to get close to simulation.The graphic is bad and its not very good for the money we paid.Satisfaiting ! 5.0\10"
76561198001587758,Not Recommended,227300,15734578,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,2NE1,"C'mon down to ETS2 MP, where your game doesn't spawn in other trucks and you get perm banned with no chance of appeal thanks to admins with gucamoles up their bums!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zK7YINagVzE- Got permed ban for thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDeKB7ao_nsNow to wait until SCS Software makes their own multiplayer, then I'll buy the Scandinavia DLC."
76561197997532989,Not Recommended,227300,15932040,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Bum,"I would say this 'game' is first- nicely produced, second- only a fair simulator of truck driving, third- has a large amount of places that are not accurate representations, and fourth- a large collection of customizations for your truck (like paint jobs).One of the main reasons that prevented me from enjoying this game was the steering:Steering the truck does not have a realistic feel to it. The steering is not smooth (even when trying and making many different adjustments via the options screen). Steering required constant tweaking back and forth to keep the truck in the lanes and in no way did I ever feel like I was steering a real vehicle. Driving a real vehicle I don’t have to constantly keep ‘on top’ of my steering wheel like you do in this ‘game’. I never felt like I could ever relax like I do when driving on a real road trip.Other factors for giving this game a thumbs down:There was not a wide variety of roads; after a while the road design repeated types of roads I had already driven in other locations.Even though there is a large amount of locations, the locations were not even close to true representations and the location design started repeating just like the roads.For me, there are way more fun and enjoyable games out there than to waste time on this one.Also, I wonder if a large portion of the favorable reviews for this game are fabricated in order to drive up profits; note the metacritic reviews average a good amount lower than the steam reviews."
76561198032391562,Not Recommended,227300,17535564,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Brewer,"Don't take me wrong, I like driving around and so on, but the lack of content and features in this game is terrible.1. Map - Yes. There's about half an Europe in this game, but it's scaled down (of course), there're mainly highways and you'll have much more fun driving on main roads. There're only major cities and all of them looks kinda same.2. Vehicles - There are only few models for other cars, which are less detailed than actual trucks.3. Trucks - Well detailed and so on, but there isn't really wide selection.4. AI - When I was young, I used to play driving simulators from SCS, the AI seems to be same in every game. It's not really enjoyable.5. Cops - There are none, if you crash into another car, or you won't wait for green lights, the money will be just taken from your account.6. Speed - There seems to be speed limit for 90km/h, this is the highest speed your truck can achieve by itself (you can get faster if you drive down from the hill). I'm not a trucker, but this seems stupid to me.EDIT: I heard you can remove speed limit, I haven't tried it and propably won't anytime soon, but still, it's kinda stupid.So far I enjoyed the game, it was ""fun"" and so on, but only because I like the theme and driving around.There are also three things worth mentioning. First, this game have MOD SUPPORT, but so far  I only saw new maps and trucks, nothing like more realistic AI and so on. So it's just addons. Second, developers are doing this over and over again, and every simulator they made is basically same, just with some added and removed features. Third, there's multiplayer mod with about 1000 players on server (but it's half of Europe, so get ready for lonesome road)."
,Not Recommended,227300,16546395,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cloud9 bills,WHY DID I GET THIS CRAP
76561198221687092,Not Recommended,227300,16097446,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Winterspark,Do you dream of being a truck driver and spend you life driving the motorways of Europe? Then this game is for you. If the idea of cruising round miles of featureless motorway is not for you then I would avoid this like the plague.
76561198043028011,Not Recommended,227300,26765676,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AJSA-Nicotb,Play a real game casuals!
,Not Recommended,227300,33460663,Posted: 11 July,all,josh.goes.to.wallmart,boring
76561198140699462,Not Recommended,227300,13731053,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,lothric knight,was ok
76561198040965040,Not Recommended,227300,15422668,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Pappageorgio,"Its a good simulator, but its not a best game."
,Not Recommended,227300,15177064,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,cool stranger,"Instead of playing this you could just lay down on your couch and stare at the ceiling. It's just as fun, not as bad for your health, and also saves you some money. You fиcking idiot."
76561198002836600,Not Recommended,227300,15982891,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Anderton,"pretty awful game, boring to play, could go and drive my car would be much more fun"
,Not Recommended,227300,13869167,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Lord Manhammer,Stupid AI Simulator 2
76561198134215605,Not Recommended,227300,22919148,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,CharBred,HATE IT ITS SOH HARD ...like my cokc
,Not Recommended,227300,24507922,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,The REAL Cookie Monster,"So Borring, it is the most unintresting piece of garbage ive ever seen on steam"
,Not Recommended,227300,18727456,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Lenerd,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,227300,13913105,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,VocalSkull,"This game would be great if you didn't have to drive, the driving in this is beyond horrid and you get money taken for wrecks. 8/10 on everything else, -100/10 on driving."
76561198060504872,Not Recommended,227300,32280972,Posted: 8 June,all,Masterlet,"ie, the game that actually makes you feel good about yourself."
76561198067753145,Not Recommended,227300,14148600,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,saaf bruv,"I tried to like this game, but since you can't mow down pedestrians, it gets a no vote from me."
,Not Recommended,227300,15666081,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Olde,"If you scroll through the endless positive reviews for this abomination of a game, you will notice that they consist of either trite messages saying nothing more than ""10/10 would be a trucker again"" or, on rare occasions, comments that shed a bit of insight into what this game does to represent actual truck driving. However, you will notice that none of these reviews will tell you how the gameplay actually feels. There's a good reason for that. It's because it's downright atrocious. Response time is terrible. Pressing either the accelerator or going in reverse will either not move you at all or send you sailing. Moving the steering wheel a fraction of a centimeter moves your truck a ridiculous amount in that direction, ensuring you can never actually drive straight. The camera angles are abysmal and unhelpful in the least. The control may be a little bit better if you use a controller, but not everyone has a PC controller or is willing to get one for just one game. As it stands, I only tried this game with the keyboard and mouse/keyboard combination. Neither were the least bit competent.Let me share with you my experience playing ETS2: I spent upwards of 45 minutes just trying to park the truck. In the TUTORIAL. The truck does not back up straight. It simply doesn't. After I somehow finally managed to park it, I was blessed with a big middle finger of a mark: no reward for any of that effort because some cars ran into me while I had to drive my truck into a two way street just to try to adjust the angle to try and back the truck up straight. So I made no money or experience points. I choose the next mission, because I'm a glutton for punishment, I guess. I get a truck with a tanker. Turned the steering wheel a centimeter and the truck went flying off in that direction. Ended up on a curb. Couldn't move forward because of the back tires. Had to reverse. Went forward and ended up still on the curb. Went in reverse. Hit a car behind me because the camera angle sucks so hard and got fined. Quit the game, and I will leave it uninstalled forever.This was seriously one of the worst purchases I've ever made. If you aren't the least bit into trucks now, don't even think about getting this game. The truck is slow and bulky, the camera angles are terrible, and the truck refuses to go straight, leaving you with endless twitching of the keyboard or mouse just to go down a straightaway or a slight bend. You get fined for speeding. You get fined for hitting cars. Tires deflate. You run out of gas. You'll need to take rest breaks. In a game that tries its best to replicate ACTUAL truck driving, the least you'd think they would do is provide controls that emulate how trucks work in reality.Avoid this game at all costs. I bought the complete pack because the front page is littered with overwhelmingly positive reviews. I feel ripped off. I want my goddamn money back.I already know this review is going to get down-voted to hell. I don't care. If this makes even one person think twice about buying this game, I'll be satisfied."
76561197971491551,Not Recommended,227300,16137004,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,jwrebholz,"You too can have the riveting experience of staring out of a windshield at an endless highway in a vehicle that can barely break the speed limit, while other traffic swerves around you, fails to merge for you and generally gets in your way."
76561198058991920,Not Recommended,227300,14234144,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Pope Francis,"Cutting edge graphics, precise realism, amazing models, exciting the whole way through, buy it and tell your friends. 10/10 masterpiece."
76561198129610753,Not Recommended,227300,13815824,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Manu :*,I love this game !
,Not Recommended,227300,8391056,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Voodoojedizin,"If you're looking for a real driving simulator I cannot recommend this.A truck driving simulator sort of!The game does not provide any realistic simulation as far as driving goes.  90% of the dashboard does not work, trucks do not have real world physics.  Driving is boring, because your truck drives like a toy, because there's no skill involved to do it. Truck has horn lights and turn signals, but they don't matter, the Ai don't see or hear them. There is no visual damage, dirt or tire wear.The trailers/equipment you pull has no weight to them, you look in your rearview mirror and they are going all the road because there is no physics attributed to the trailers.It rains but you cannot slide, and it doesn't change your driving.  Rain on the windshield is the only thing that changes, there is no physics so your truck is not going to slide or slip.  There is no snow.Sound is laughable in the game, there's hardly any, trucks sound OK outside, but inside they are muffled too much. No city or freeway sounds, it's so bad there are several mod's for sound.  As much as the developers keep recording they don't seem to get it right.AI of course is stupid and their behavior will cause you to get in several accidents. Things you will notice right away, there are no police in Europe, or ambulances or fire trucks, in fact all of Europe only owns about five different cars.  And no motorcycles.  You can get tickets for speeding or running a red light, a little bell goes off in a popup that says you just paid for your infraction.Your business, you're able to hire employees, who you will never see, you must purchase trucks for them. No reason for that company logo you'll never see your driver's trucks on the road.There are mod's that help with some of the games shortcomings, unfortunately you have to go looking for them because for some reason the developer will not form a nexus for mod's even though the community has asked.  Make sure your antivirus is up to date when you go mod's hunting.A lot of people voted to green light this game, to bringing it mainstream because it had a lot of potential to be a real world truck simulator, but the developer has just just sat on it. He wants the game more assessable to the younger players but still wants to call it a simulator for some reason.Good game for little kids, but not for someone looking for a real driving simulator."
,Not Recommended,227300,8436740,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kye == twitch.tv/thiskye,Not like actually trucking.Source: I'm a trucker.
76561198068470782,Not Recommended,227300,14073426,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,VincentIQ,"How to find this litttle piece 0,01% still there around somewhere Leipzig?Please tell me this.This game is addicting to redicilusness. I must sleeeeep, but still want to get one more delivery done."
,Not Recommended,227300,9789168,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,dragonlord12832,"I rate games on a enjoyment/price scale.  In doing this, I look to how many hours I have played vs what I paid.  I purchased this game on a limited sale.  The game plus some DLC was around $8.50.  For less than the price of a movie ticket, I have about 11 hours in the game and have just stratched the surface.  My ""trucking company"" only has one driver and one (not upgraded) garage so far.  I could easily spend another 15-20 hours on this game expanding my enterprise.  With that said, after 11 hours, I probably won't be playing for awhile.  The game is starting to get a bit monotonous.  Still, at around 80 cents/hour of enjoyable playing time, I'd say I got a pretty good deal. No, I wouldn't pay $30 or even $20 for it."
76561198076624531,Not Recommended,227300,10147292,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,davidbassett,run out of drivers lots of garages andtrucks no more drivers DON'T WAIST UR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS GAME
76561197980783984,Not Recommended,227300,10812948,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Horny Shrimp,As boring as the title may suggest.
,Not Recommended,227300,8457879,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,bulletmagnet,"Maps are not even close to the real thing,Crap maps."
,Not Recommended,227300,9699529,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Executive Order,"This game was a waste of my ♥♥♥♥ing money, save you cash and buy a real game, not this waste of hard drive space."
76561198117522857,Not Recommended,227300,13515947,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ChaldeaN,PLEASE  FK OFF!!
76561198018624825,Not Recommended,227300,9676517,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,OWIS,Great if you want to drive a truck.  If you want to focus on the economics and simulation poriton of the game you will be frustrated by spending the whole game driving.
76561198070580017,Not Recommended,227300,9054056,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,hoot36,"This game is ok, but it quickly gets boring. The only person who is going to enjoy this game is a trucking fanatic. Don't get me wrong, it can be fun to listen to the radio and cruise around making deliveries, stacking up cash towards your next truck. However, only buy this if you enjoy driving on boring streches of road, while being fined by invisible Police for any minor trafic offence, often caused by the blocky controls (due to my lack of a steering wheel).For the average gamer, maybe 3/10"
,Not Recommended,227300,8704075,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Whoota,"Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the definitive cure for insomnia.Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a fine simulator that mimics enough physics and visual splendor to immerse you into the world of roads and heavy goods vehicles. Unfortunatly, there isn't much in the form of gameplay. You get a lorry, pick up some cargo, drive a few hundred miles and you get paid. Rinse, repeat. It is a seemingly endless process with barely anything worth mentioning. There are no cyclists to avoid. No looters to fight off when you're resting by the roadside. No police chases. No drug and alcohol checks. Nothing but your truck and the other robots that fill a world dictated by traffic lights and speed cameras.The sim does a good job at making you feel like a trucker. You even have to take the mandatory rest every 10 hours, or face a penalty. However, this is horribly obsolete feature because I fall asleep behind the wheel faster than the game can black out the screen."
76561198065178401,Not Recommended,227300,9994866,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,WarriorOLove,Does not work under linux properly. There is no support as well. Main site acts as if there is no linux version.
,Not Recommended,227300,9605802,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Quadrangle,"This game can entertain you for a little while, but I got bored to this when i had delivered something like two or three cargos. When you drive in different countries, you will see that everywhere the roads are formulated exactly the same. The scenery is also the same pixel porridge everywhere. Definitely not worth 19.99€. Good thing I bought this from a sale, might just be worth that about 4€ I paid for this."
,Not Recommended,227300,10104375,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Ac1nonyx,I don't know why I play this game. I don't really know why anyone plays this game.
,Not Recommended,227300,11007355,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Pvt_OBrien,Absolute ragequit after trying to back up during tutorial. Maybe add a backing up portion to the tutorial since it is rage inducing for some of us non truck drivers
,Not Recommended,227300,8506192,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Inkamous/Frankapous,I WANT A REFUND WONT OPEN AND WHEN IT DOES IT CRASHES.I really don't reccomend this game is a load of Bacon and a waste of money so there is my opinion + I got the Gold bundle and the DLC is incompatiable I mean seriously ?WTF! It's stupid.
76561198053480451,Not Recommended,227300,11376262,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,i WILL cUm -,this game is a piece of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,227300,9296440,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Darihon,"Nope. I bought this game because it looked pretty cool on YouTube, but when you play it (alone), then it's a pretty boring game because the only thing that you do is driving around.If you like (truck) driving, then this is your game."
76561198077524665,Not Recommended,227300,9689756,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,CireusOne,"I used to use a wheel and pedals to control my truck. After a month or so, I went back on the game and I found that I cannot get the brake off of full power. When i turn it to normal, or any other setting everyting remains the same. I literally cannot get my truck to move from its spot. I WANT MY MONEY BACK! 1 out of 5 stars."
76561198045112333,Not Recommended,227300,9749084,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Uncle Meat,Graphics are horrible.  Feels like a game someone may have written in 15 years ago.
,Not Recommended,227300,8843167,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Vaughan,I bought this game because of all the positive reviews and I have to say I am shocked that people would find driving loads of cargo from city to city fun.  Surely the vast majority of gamers wouldn't find it so?
,Not Recommended,227300,8444466,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ragnarokia,"This game cares too much for simulating at the expense of fun. Sure it is good to have it simulating how it is like to drive in the real world, but there is no allowance to have you just wanting to let your hair down and have some fun. You get fines for everything it can notice, speeding (even if questionably given), crashing, being crashed into, going on the wrong side of the road, having headlights not on the exact setting wanted. But then at the same time don't pay attention to if the roads tell you not to overtake etc.Overall the game seems like it cares only for simulation, but with that said it still misses doing everything it should if that is the case.The turning point for me was when I decided to mess around by taking up the road on both sides on a train crossing, the game stopped the train from coming anywhere close, and then invisible walls prevented me from exploring the train track. The game just limits freedom which would be wanted in an open world driving exploration game. In the end it ONLY wants you on the desginated roads, and as such really cuts down on the fun allowance.The reason I don't recommend this is because all the reviews that do exist are deceptive, I went into this game thinking from the reviews that it would be fun to play around with, but it isn't, it is fun to play strictly, not to mess around inside. People need to know what they are actually getting into with this game and get it for the right reasons, not to get it because they are just told one side of the story. In the end of the day this wasn't for me as much as I wished it could be, and so I don't recomend it to others who want to mess around while simulating."
76561197970678235,Not Recommended,227300,8430994,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Alarian,"This short review is for only if you are going to be playing with keyboard and mouse.Short and sweet, it's almost impossible to play this game without some external source of steering.  Using the keyboard while in town is passable, but once you get up to speed on the highways it gets extreemly difficult to steer around corners as you can only do full turns to the left or right.  Try driving your car sometimes where you can only turn your steering wheel sharply (don't really try this).  Going around turns I kept losing control of the rig and going into the ditch as my two trailers behind me could keep violently swerve every time I would attempt one of my spilt second 90 degree turns using the keyboard.So, as I said.  The game does seem fun, but I would seriously not recommend the game unless you have an external means of steering."
,Not Recommended,227300,31731834,Posted: 13 May,all,csgo skin lotto lounge free crat,garbage game reversing sucks im a tyruck driver IRL and this is ISN'T how the trucks reverse
,Not Recommended,227300,9755565,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Buckfast,"I don't know why i bought this (it was on sale...). Its a load of greasy sweaty hairy trucker balls. graphics are stuck in about 2006, i really don't know what people are going on about. Everywhere looks prety much identical, a few roadsigns and barely recognised 'landmark' items do not a scenescape make. Might be a little more fun if you're the kinda dweeb with a force-feedback wheel and pedal board (are YOU that dweeb?) but really. Just don't. Go for a walk or something.....Now Munich City Bus.That looks like a REAL simulator ;) I'll be waiting for that in the Steam sales fo sho!"
76561198042629742,Not Recommended,227300,8578499,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,zbret,"This game needs serious work.  I'd buy the next version, but it needs to be made more fun.  I think the main problem is not enough play-testing/testers.  I don't buy and play games to: sit in traffic, wait for red lights, get caught behind frustrating (and erratic behaving!) traffic, or caught by 50 kph speed cameras on the freeway.  After a while, its just not fun anymore.  After having reloaded thousands of times, I'm bored.  I've got about 70 people working for me, but I'm sick of all this nonsense.  The game should be more fun, and these things are not.  It started out good with starting from the bottom, building a business, driving cargo, but after a while, you come to the conclusion the AI cars are insane and the game simulation of terrain is more important than fun.  I'm SO sick of red lights.  I run them and pay the fine just to keep playing!  I'll also add that in lower res, trying to see speed limit signs (to avoid tickets) is a near impossibility, adding to the frustration."
,Not Recommended,227300,10662229,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gaming Central,"Take nothing away from the game, it's brilliant, but the lack of multiplayer and certain facts like the game has not much to offer, but almost the same stuff as es .PS: if you are a truckking fan and wanna do it all day and nighter, it's a very addictive game, just not for me!"
,Not Recommended,227300,13285652,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Hardlk,"Hi, I'm a big fan of the game, and I got upset when the last update came out with the speed limitation restriction.I bought the game because it simulates the real time truck driving which includes unlimited speed .so I want you guys to get us back the way we were before the update, no speed limit double the fun.Best regards"
,Not Recommended,227300,9270710,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,RabbidLeprichauns,Its okay
,Not Recommended,227300,10347032,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,[Pvt] M.Spano [PTF],"Ok gameplay.  But horrible game-breaking bugs prevent you from playing.Once the game starts playing.  It's pretty decent.  But there's a 50/50 chance you'll never get to.  It goes black screen on launch (for multiplayer/singleplayer, no difference), and causes my comp to freeze.  It won't even let me alt+tab or ctrl+alt+delete because the mouse won't show up.  If that wasn't bad enough.  It won't load the job list in either version.  If you don't own your own truck, you're screwed.  Wait.  Seriously wait.  Because if I could get a refund for this, I would."
76561198029903975,Not Recommended,227300,11279386,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,SugarySnax,"I played this game for 102 hours. I had trouble staying awake on the long, boring drives that could sometimes be a little hypnotic.The trucks look great. I enjoyed leveling up, buying better trucks and hiring people but there are other games that do this a lot better. Not with trucks though.Buying bling for the truck didn't turn me on much and after awhile I felt it was time to move on.Gotta keep on keepin ohwn"
,Not Recommended,227300,8566550,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,XDFlawless,"Started a job with about €4500. I hit a car and ran a red light I now have 450 and am stuck in a ditch. I select a new job i have to pay €12,000 to leave the current job. The game said I don't have enough money I'm still stuck in the ditch. 3/10"
,Not Recommended,227300,9441704,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,MBgamer,Umm.....Where is Monaco guys? You do know that Monaco is a country aswell right?
76561198053214771,Not Recommended,227300,10571178,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Xavior,Almost as good as big rigs over the road racing. 9/10 -ign
76561198020056460,Not Recommended,227300,13162790,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Asmyfriend,"This game is suck, after the last update at 30th nov 2014, the multiplayer mod ruin the game, after I deliver the cargo in the while zone. I hit ""T"" as HINT told, and after Clicking ""结束"" (maybe ""Finish"" in english version. ) the game shut down, and show me ""Euro Truck Simulator 2 -steam already stop working"". Ok, this Studio treat us player as fool on thanks giving day. PLZ, Dont buy this game if you are going to play with your friends."
,Not Recommended,227300,12111616,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Tyrone Olajida,Its fun! when you can actually drive. i dont have my own truck and now there are no jobs whatsoever. tried reinstalling. did not work.
,Not Recommended,227300,10072386,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,ron liason,"I'm a real life trucker, and to be honest, this doesn't even slightly simulate the life. Firstly: When I wake up in the morning, I run in to my bathroom and have a quick masturbat'in sesh to the newest ""NUTS"" mag. I then leave the mess for my part time girlfriend Garth to clean up. I grab my Snickers bar off the table that she's kindly left out for me, and then I kiss her on the forehead. (Bearing in mind that Garth is a japanese lady boy.) In this game, you cannot do that. Also, how am I supposed to pick up hookers and then kill them in the back of my truck if I can't even leave the truck?! Terrible. 0/10"
76561198043176786,Not Recommended,227300,13087556,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Miqel,Arbeit macht frei - The Game
,Not Recommended,227300,13437476,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Whomp,This game is great you drive trucks
,Not Recommended,227300,13457571,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,iRobot,"This game is exactly as it seems, a truck driving game. It gets pretty boring, and frusting if you don't know how to drive with a trailer"
76561198073820593,Not Recommended,227300,11374418,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Sohei,"Updates hang and game will not launch because of error in a patch. Poorly coded patches should be reverted and fixed, not force users to fix a game that was working prior to the patch."
76561197994281557,Not Recommended,227300,13526895,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Flexo,"If anyone you know posts a positive review for this game, be aware there's a good chance they're mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,227300,13426878,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Flavius Belisarius,It's just not interesting.
76561198015324394,Not Recommended,227300,13143086,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,[EU]DrTruman,"i have seen good reviews and tried, even if I thought it was the most boring game ever made. Well it is. If you do not love the genre (there are many reasons) do not waste money. It is the most boring thing ever. Graphics is worse than in pics too."
,Not Recommended,227300,11969450,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,reyn,The only reason i exist is because the condom broke.
76561198038732561,Not Recommended,227300,13236959,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,STALKER Cosmonaut,"It's a nice game, but you have to play a lot to do some money. In my first 5 hours of game i earn no more than 70K , and a single truck costs about 100K."
,Not Recommended,227300,10069731,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,alexBN,"Wonderful Game, But If u reinstall your windows and reinstall steam/ets2 all your loads are DELETED! So if u wanna buy this game don't change de pc/windows etc :("
,Not Recommended,227300,11283005,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,John Hadley,"There really isn't a whole lot of game here.  Mostly it is a driving simulator.  It looks reasonably good but ultimately it is a simulation of something that is quite boring to do.  It can't simulate the best things about driving like the smell of the road, the wind in your hair when you open the window, or the social aspect of interacting with people on the job or over your cb radio, but if you turn on the internet radio player built-in to the game while you play you can get a similar experience to driving down the road and listening to the radio.  It can be a pleasant and soothing experience, but I think most gamers (younger ones especially) would not find enough action to want to do this for long.I personally play and enjoy this for what it is -- an excuse to listen to internet radio from Europe and tune out -- but I can't recommend it to others because I think many people would not enjoy it for more than a few hours.  You could just save your money, tune into internet radio for free, and do any other slow-paced activity (or just lie down and relax while you listen) to achieve the same thing."
76561198118613708,Not Recommended,227300,25832449,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Takyon,"Not realistic, can't see refugees migrating to germany"
76561198010819394,Not Recommended,227300,13447418,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Henry Grosmont,One of the least enjoyable games I ever played. Only do that to make me hate myself for buying it.
76561198076511303,Not Recommended,227300,11394062,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Blitz Krieg 188,fhfgjfgj
,Not Recommended,227300,28887656,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,hiperboverkill,Not What It Looks Like At All It Looks Like Its 64 bit! waste of money!
76561198007535987,Not Recommended,227300,8503504,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,seanthedestroyer,"this game was so frustrating  .I was having a great time untill  there was no rest stops within 500 km of driving ,then i fall asleep at the wheel smashing into every thing  and at this point still no rest stops.i am sure i am not the first person to say f this game due to this.Just avoid the head ache."
76561198037314902,Not Recommended,227300,9899129,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,SCARRIOR,"More than likely one of the worst simulators to date. The reason for this is because of the sheer amount of bone idleness of work done to the simulator. For instance, the amount of area that you can navigate confines you, you would think the landscape and the entire game it self was optimized for the Playstation 1. The amount of area you can navigate too resembled that of a race track.Do not waste your money.4/10"
76561198156919329,Not Recommended,227300,12333376,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,tbra34,"I wasted my money... this was my first game purchased on Steam.  The truck is very hard to control and once you run over anything, its idle. Another thing, you should be able to cancel out of a game and start over if you wish or start again. My game controller didn't work at all and I didn't find it any easier to control the truck via keyboard controls. All n' all a pretty undewhelming experience."
76561198374813278,Not Recommended,227300,31713372,Posted: 12 May,all,Snail_Spark,"I HATE THIS GAME, THE TRUCKS ARE SOOOOOO SLOW AND U CANT EVEN REVERSE, I MEAN WHAT KIND OF GAME IS THIS?!"
,Not Recommended,227300,13039759,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ªC ★ El1xiR,broken
,Not Recommended,227300,12925217,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,woag,"Why the ♥♥♥♥ did I waste 25$ on a driving game when theres plugins on Gmod 13 for drivingJust buy Gmod, its worth it if you want something fun"
,Not Recommended,227300,12970629,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,goat boi,"If you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gmes where you crash every second and sometimes you lose control of your wheel for no reason, then this game is for you. I honestly saw potential in this game. Not anymore.UPDATE: I tried to give this game a second chance. It gave me one of then hardest to earn achievments (The one where you have to have one garage in every city in your starter country) for no reason when I got to the main menu screen. Obviously a glitch. Some people would be happy, but I like to earn my achievments legit."
76561198187103561,Not Recommended,227300,31692188,Posted: 11 May,all,StormTrooper3455 = Metallica,"Look, first, I love this game. It's one of the best games I own. It's ♥♥♥♥ing rad. But the reason im rating it NO is listed belowI have a mac, and I can't download TruckersMP for ETS2. Make it for mac please.Have a good day.StormTrooper3455(btw i wouldn't recommend the game for mac users until they make multiplayer for mac.)"
76561198126035296,Not Recommended,227300,12242770,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,cjdeklerk.cdk,when is rigid trucks and v1.13 avaible on steam
,Not Recommended,227300,25645261,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,jxk46,"I mean you drive trucks and stuff I'm not into that ""stuff"""
,Not Recommended,227300,13187347,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Nikonely AlucardFH :<,"I got lied to, the game isn't £5. It's £100, you need the DLC's or it crashes.The admins ban you for everything.*cry*"
,Not Recommended,227300,16422097,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,GrumpyGreg,wow so the game just made me stuck pulling out of a spot. the truck wouldn't move and made me pay 12k to quit. WHAT A FAIL. Good to see how you treat new users
76561198027328817,Not Recommended,227300,14771227,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,hallowedbethygame,"Gas, brake, honkGas, brake, honkHonk, honk, punchGas, gas, gas"
76561198044884722,Not Recommended,227300,30227073,Posted: 27 February,all,gamer,"no ford f150 in the game, stupid truck game"
76561198072428343,Not Recommended,227300,16328971,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,m7md_aldh,i could be doing that in real life and it would be more fun
,Not Recommended,227300,29654834,Posted: 2 February,all,Nebuchadnezzar,"Worst racing game ever. i loose cash if i drive ""Too fast"". you can't drive too fast in racing games."
,Not Recommended,227300,12467309,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,crunsher,Those ♥♥♥♥ers tried to sue me.
76561198186644527,Not Recommended,227300,16452941,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,henry.hunter,worst graphics ever it is like 40 pixels dont buy this really
76561198082424173,Not Recommended,227300,12459392,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,allansua,fail to start the game
,Not Recommended,227300,12651012,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,kzrk11111,no
,Not Recommended,227300,12666889,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Alpha | Doggo,VERY BAD PUBLIC BATA IS NOT EVEN ON WTF
,Not Recommended,227300,7882328,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Guide | #M,"Though chilling out and driving around for hours is quite relaxing - especially while listening to some music - this game is god awful! I can't think of anything worse than a career based simulator that involves TERRIBLE mechanics. The AI drivers are wild and it feels like they're just floating around.The driving is barely realistic, it's pretty much an older version of GTA.Unless you're buying this game during a Steam sale, don't ever waste your hard earned money purchasing it! I just wasted an hour or so of my life tapping A/W every now and then to ensure I remained on the road, then you get to the 'depot' you drop off the trailer, which doesn't actually detach you, you just finish the mission and head to a score screen!Again, I repeat, don't waste your cash on this game. If you are still encouraged to do so, send me the cash instead and I'll send you an a video with an endless loop from inside a truck. It will probably be more fun, less work and a lot cheaper!"
,Recommended,227300,19181655,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,OP-1_Kenobi,Buys Fallout 4Keeps playing Euro Truck Sim 2
,Recommended,227300,19174399,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Митрандир,It is interesting to play with Logitech steering
,Recommended,227300,19074867,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,lichester,buy it now
,Not Recommended,227300,17287984,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,[RG] Brit (may quit TF2...),"Dispite the Amount of content there is, I just dont find it interesting. It's to hard to navigate the menus, the controls are complete crap and there's not even a multiplayer option. Its not worth the money i spent..."
,Recommended,227300,19148921,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Littol Snek | Pvpro.com,"What you will  get:Loads of fun,Relaxing gameplay,playtime with friends,intimacy with trucksWhat you will also get:hackers that have money hack(its not competitve anyways)"
76561198002840312,Recommended,227300,19166877,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Knorts,Almost bought a 200 EURO steering wheel .Recommended.
76561198133234891,Recommended,227300,19168614,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Popcorn,There's something just so awesome about relaxing and driving a truck 10/10 :D
,Recommended,227300,6123447,"Posted: 24 April, 2013",all,Yung Draco,"If you're looking for a truck game, this is it."
,Recommended,227300,18832283,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Lieutenant702™(CSGO-STATS.NET),ITS AWSOME
,Recommended,227300,19164953,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Ramen Pork Flavor,"This game really makes you want to walk away from the computer sometimes. When you look away for half a second you're crashing into a wall or a car in front of you. I recomend this game because it is fun to try and get an insane amount of money and just drive around. I really with there was multiplayer already incorperated into the game, but it's still woth the money and DLCs."
76561198041765749,Recommended,227300,19165540,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,MaxCapeHD,"this has to be the best simulator game i have ever played, nothing compares to this, 1. it is fully english, there are no grammar or spelling mistakes unlike most simulators, the driving is so amazing and fun,"
76561198044472134,Recommended,227300,19162400,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,engg.syed.farhan,can you please add diesel smoke while accelerating and climbing hills etc that is really missing
,Recommended,227300,11147646,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,sheiky,I just recently started playing this game and with the amount of hours I have already wasted delivering frozen peas to Amsterdam I probably could have done something productive with my life.
76561197968619566,Recommended,227300,18885038,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,WizardBlack,"Just one more haul before my driver is done for the day. I can get that in really quick. I'll just speed a bit and play it fast 'n loose....Hey, I made it through clean. Wow, look at my money now. If I subtract my next daily payment on the loan, I only have one more loooong job to get that upgraded truck and relegate this one to my star employee....Man, I'm really getting tired and I ended up clipping a car while trying to finish that two day driving job. Now I am still short for that truck. One more job. I'll just stream a euro dubstep radio channel to keep me going...Sweet, how I have enough money for that truck! Let's go get it and play with the customizations a bit.Oh, I gotta do a quick run in this thing to test it out. Maybe a big haul so I can test out the new beast of an engine.Holy crap! It's 2AM.... Screw it. All nighter.That's ETS2."
,Recommended,227300,18885059,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Totty,I've flipped my truck twice and I only have myself to blame for barreling down a highway clocking 80 miles per hour with 18 tons of goods.I love it.
,Recommended,227300,18887461,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,kordy,Very relaxing
,Recommended,227300,18906745,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Delepitor,This game has alot to offer as far as challenges and also provide a huge community for you to get involved with.
76561198086640811,Recommended,227300,18829332,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,mikeylawton21,Fantastic game..Love it
,Not Recommended,227300,18828502,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,гурба фарбеҳ,Bet your suprised to see a bad review.This game is actually very fun!
76561198085064077,Recommended,227300,29690172,Posted: 4 February,all,RNeMoXaKoS,I Love This Game !
,Recommended,227300,10585990,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,T. Dong,Pretty good game. Suprisingly difficult.
76561198024608270,Recommended,227300,10586793,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,iSheep8,Very fun time waster!
76561198007091410,Recommended,227300,10587122,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,baia74,Best Truck Simulator.
,Recommended,227300,10588303,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ExplosiveRampage,Great game mods make it 10 times better. and gameplay is great 10/10 would recommend
76561198015307033,Recommended,227300,10568088,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,calcpinkthemassimatic,Nice!
,Recommended,227300,10569534,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,cheezweasel,Great game of you just want to kill time and relax. I put on an audiobook and just drive.
,Recommended,227300,10571416,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Gliga030,Odlicna :)
,Recommended,227300,10571926,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,soydan37,
76561198055236941,Recommended,227300,10572081,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Edgar The Mememaker,best gam
76561198015556400,Recommended,227300,2990710,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Vaaaaaalve,Easily the best simulator ever.
76561198074392934,Recommended,227300,10572599,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,OlyH08,Great game. Have put so many hours into it since its origanal release.
,Recommended,227300,10767684,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sadley,"I never thought I would enjoy a simulation game this much. It's a relaxing experience, and there's no better way to shake a couple of bad games of Counter-Strike or wind down for the night than to drive a truck around and enjoy the European scenery. It's not fast-paced or action-packed, but there's something that keeps me coming back. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,227300,10767788,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tdev,"I don't know what makes it so fun, but it definitely is. Who would have thought driving a truck can actually be this enjoyable?Definitely something to try once!"
,Recommended,227300,10768840,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,drewseph95,"Driving, a lot. My GTA instincts of driving agressively keep kicking in and losing me money though."
76561198048927906,Recommended,227300,10769074,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,P_Dub,So addictive!
76561198006772444,Recommended,227300,10770388,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Gauparte,"This game was much better than I thought it would be. Originally I bought ETS 2 to have a relaxing alternative to the racing games I normally play, but at times I found myself playing it more than them.Graphics are quite detailed and there is quite a bit of scenery to explore. This variety and detail makes long trips fun and interesting. The trucks themselves look good too and there are quite a few customization options available. Gameplay-wise, the trucks are fun to drive. Each truck offers a different driving experience and you will end up finding one that matches your style of driving eventually. Weather effects are solid and day/night transitions look very good.Creating your own trucking company is fun though I didn't feel that it added that much to the overall experience. At the end of the day this game is simply a truck driving sim, whichever part of your ""career"" you're at.I've never driven a real truck, but the ones in this game feel as heavy and reactive (or not) as you expect them to be. Using a wheel is a must for this game. It's just more enjoyable to steer across Europe's highways with a proper wheel in your hands.Overall, I highly recommend ETS 2 to people who are looking for a slow paced driving game as opposed to the more frantic competitive ones."
76561198002961620,Recommended,227300,10771584,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,WWZack,"Every day in my daily life, I have about a 2+ hour commute.  1 hour to work, 1 hour back, and thats if I don't include all the traffic I'm stuck in day to day.  Which brings me to my question.  Why the hell is this so fun to me?The amount of attention to detail in this pretty phenominal. I found myself yelling out ""Wtf?! I get fined if I pass another vehicle during a stretch of double solid lines?"".The AI of other drivers is good to the point I found myself yelling ""Jesus!... just go the F around me!"" and when oncoming traffic flashes their highbeams to let me know my highbeams are on I had to yell"" Yea! yea! I know my highbeams are on, I do what I want, I a 'Murican!""Though truthfully, there's something genuinely satisfying and even relaxing about this game.  Its a pretty perfect cooldown title to after experiencing a bit of an exasperated 'Eyes wide/Forehead down on the desk' defeated aftermath of DarkSouls"
76561198016464157,Recommended,227300,10772283,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Loaki,Addicting game.
76561198101885065,Recommended,227300,10693278,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Arcvine,Pros:RelaxingRealisticFunSometimes it's challengingFantastic visualsThe multiplayer mod is very fun if you have people to play it withCons:The A.I. is not the bestNo ScandinaviaNo BalkansNo snowFinal verdict:9.5/10
76561197971362619,Recommended,227300,10693826,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Duncan,"Just tune into a trance station through the in game interface, grab a bottle of Old Krupnik, cologne, or cheapest Vodka you can find, start drinking, and don't let off the gas for anything. Just like all the videos on liveleak♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198181305363,Recommended,227300,19122736,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Vulpin III,It's one of my favorite games and I have no idea why.
76561198170849263,Recommended,227300,19118227,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Norwegian Ninja,"Amazing game! Can get boring from time to time, but just but on a movie on the side"
,Recommended,227300,19115663,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,SUPER DUPERINO,Really nice landscapes and a lot of options to push the realism really far.If you really like it you should consider buy the DLC GOING EAST and SCANDINAVIA. Really nice game.
76561198106181932,Recommended,227300,19096604,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Massive Ghost,"I´m addicted!Bought it a week ago and played it for 87 hours already (gotta say that my whole leave went into this game, damn you SCS^^).Pros:- Modders put a lot stuff to it- Lots of tuning options- Nice graphics- After playing the game for about 50 hours you have learned how to drive a truck and how to park a trailer backwards, so if you plan to get a driver license for trucks in real life, you´ll be prepared^^Cons:- The AI traffic is pretty dumb sometimes...ok, often...hmm, maybe more often- Lots of places look the same- The own company has not enough options to become an interesting economy part- No way to drive to the points of interests to take an awesome screenshot, they are just there as skylineRating: 8/10"
76561198258050456,Recommended,227300,19115104,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,redshadow169,Great game
,Recommended,227300,30611260,Posted: 19 March,all,eXsodeus,It is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198093848682,Recommended,227300,19100999,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Pienvedejs <3,would hit my friend in back again 10/10
,Recommended,227300,19121122,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Mona Lisa Overbite,Jack Burton simulator
76561198120671512,Recommended,227300,19107729,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Major_Mango,Great relaxing game and massive mod list
,Recommended,227300,13749236,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,spleen,"Amazing radio station, can alt-tab and listen to radio stations across Europe.Oh and you can drive trucks.10/10"
76561198089916944,Recommended,227300,20476372,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Heeere's JOHNNY,its fun
,Recommended,227300,19145081,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,rtwassa,"This is a superb game backed by an amazing company.  The game itself is stable and receives regular updates.  Most importantly the updates more often than not provide new content to the game, not just tweaks or bug fixes.  If you love driving simulation games, this one is for you!  I also can’t wait for American Truck Simulator!!!"
76561198008203069,Recommended,227300,13484817,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Baron Libra,"The game gets a 9 out of 10 from me, and I'm really not one for doing a review :P"
76561198328700579,Recommended,227300,30613289,Posted: 19 March,all,f0leyme1ster-iwni-,"Really a great game, If sitting back and driving for a long time. Not a good game if you don't like doing that"
76561198207979660,Recommended,227300,19122916,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,eric.milligan,its a good game
,Recommended,227300,19123389,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Mountaineer12,A casual relaxing game about driving trucks. Controller reccomended. Great to play when listening to podcasts or audiobooks. Checks off every box for what makes a good PC game.
,Recommended,227300,23346411,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Pappa Gunther,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is exactly that what's advertised on the front page. An in depth truck simulator located in Europe. It has a variety of customizable real life truck brands available in-game. A vast and beutiful world in the base game, which gets even better with the expansions of Eastern Europe, France and Scandinavia. Game developers are constantly rolling new updates to both ETS2 and ATS, that makes this game even greater. It is a simulator with a wide variety of control options. Therefore whoever you are, a keyboard and mouse player, a steering wheel or controller player. You will find yourself at home with all the options at your command. If you ever had thoughts about simulators being boring, I can assure you it is not the case with ETS2 or ATS. The game itself is not only about driving and delivering your own payloads. But also about managing your fuel expenses, sleep, time required to deliver the job and last but not least your own company of drivers. It is a true gem among the simulators. If you ever feel down, and can't decide what to play and just want to relax. This is that game. All it takes is to launch the game, sit back pleasantly in your gaming chair, lean back, turn on in-game radio and drive. :)"
,Recommended,227300,19121097,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,TomosaurusREX,"I've got a couple of things I would like to say.*The Volvo trucks are dope.*Fiat drivers are suicidal.*Stay the ♥♥♥♥ away from towns, you'll get T-Boned*Don't buy a ♥♥♥♥ing truck, It'll get T - boned by A fiat...Yeah just don't get T - Boned.10/10 - IGN ""Would get T-Boned some more."""
,Recommended,227300,19138223,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,EMO cat,"i would say its a very good game, but its more than a game. its the best simulator ever"
76561198074583020,Recommended,227300,19127225,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,summerdays77,Amazingf game. Recommended
76561197971694991,Recommended,227300,10374829,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Kimen,"Remember! This game is for you who love to drive, load and unload trailers at different locations. It has a small ""buissness""-side. But its mainly for you to drive and discover parts of europe!It is as close as you can get to drive for real. The only difference here is, dosnt cost you as much if you run into a car/run a red signal. Altough! Npc's has about the same IQ as many drivers in reality!Still I recommend this game to you who LOVES to drive/Cruise!/K"
,Recommended,227300,10375073,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,OliverKitty7,"Good game, I like online better tho..."
76561197996109227,Recommended,227300,10375799,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,meekohaw,Way too much fun!
76561198079538414,Recommended,227300,10290083,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,RubMyKoala,"Euro Truck is love, Euro Truck is life.10/10"
76561198017382584,Recommended,227300,10290835,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,fascat2002,awesome game for sure a great buy.
,Recommended,227300,7913731,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,41 | Summit,"This game is fantastic. I don't know how they made driving a slow, unwieldy truck fun, but the developers did it. Easily the best driving game I've played. Just don't try backing up unless you have a few hours to spare :P"
76561198017279848,Recommended,227300,10293805,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Kaleckton,"The game is really just a driving simulator. Its one of the most massive ones out in the market and has been getting updates pretty often. Hard to say if the updates are over but so far it seems the game will be getting updates for a while longer. Not everyone will like this game. Theres not alot of action, and if you want excitement its probably better getting a map mod that allows you to max out the speed of your truck while on a road that allows you to go the high speed, Not everything is perfect. For example you can't build any new buildings in the game, all you can do is buy and upgrade garages, Pretty limiting but there is always you can explore in this game. And there is a massive community out there that is constantly attempting and producing new mods that keep the playability of the game consistant. And while you can't go racing ai or with friends, you can always explore new ideas that pop up into other players heads. Im a semi truck driver (USA) and I play this game and use parts of it as a training excercise for new student drivers (mostly backing)."
76561198135114616,Recommended,227300,10294309,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Nomad,...every now and then i need a break from my regular driving sims......ETS-2 is a just the ticket.......having a blast driving all over Europe.......;-)
76561198002975197,Recommended,227300,10366738,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,TAILGUNNER78,no the mouse goes crazy......................hel
76561198086059276,Recommended,227300,10368105,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,TheMrAleg22,If you like trains like I and you like trucks like I or you like motors and wat not and u enjoy Spending time driving things for long periods of time this is the game for you its excellent. Simply could not be better for what its designed to be. Truck Sim/10
,Recommended,227300,10369891,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,aydinsrc,nice game
,Recommended,227300,10357179,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,TREEEEEEWQA,Best game 20xx-20xx
76561198036277676,Recommended,227300,10357910,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,kristof,yes
,Recommended,227300,10358514,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,liam.wtf,Great game
76561198051744656,Recommended,227300,10360860,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Santa Muerte,good game
,Recommended,227300,10361317,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Spooks,good game very realistic works best with mods would reccomend
76561198138483452,Recommended,227300,10362903,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,ETS107,LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198100016360,Recommended,227300,10362924,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,ukcharlie45,"This is a really great game! It keeps you interested, and now the scenery isn't the same wherever you go. It's a big improvement from the first one. I definitely recommend this game if you like simulators like this :)"
76561197971844280,Recommended,227300,540186,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,SteveJK,"It's a good simulator, I like it. Well, it doesn't have real world roads but it's very nice"
,Recommended,227300,30475100,Posted: 12 March,all,ascн,"Good, chill game"
76561197995666437,Recommended,227300,10726559,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,fogboundturtle,Great games with tons of mods. A++ for me
,Recommended,227300,10730348,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vuwox,Funny game. Well design. A bit always the same thing but still can have fun.
76561198121059781,Recommended,227300,10730857,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Chewable Steroids for Kids,Love it
76561198023876777,Recommended,227300,10731267,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Julius von Golvmopp,FAN DET BÄSTA JÄVLA SPELET JAG NÅGONSIN SPELAT.
,Recommended,227300,10671923,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Johnson,I have no idea why. But I can't stop playing this game..
76561198007675397,Recommended,227300,10699310,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Goliath,Very good for times when you can only play for a little while.   Great to play while listening to podcasts/music
76561198008337160,Recommended,227300,10699390,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DaveyJay1984,"For the most part a very nice game. I do get sick of having cars turn and crash into my trailer as I go thtough intersections, leading to fines, damage to cargo and loss of income. They also have a habit of changing into my lane and then suddenly stopping. And while this maye be realistic in the real world, with most trucking companies having dash cams etc. it wouldn't be me who got the fine.Otherwise:Love the upgrade options although it would be nice if there were a few more that improved truck performance. Still fun to trick out your truck though.The ability to hire drivers and buy and upgrade garages to increase profits across the map is an excellent idea.With the graphics up it's a fairly pretty game, especially when you have made the customisations to your vehicles as mentioned above.Trucks handle well in most cases. Unless of course they shouldn't... Then they usually don't."
76561197970971433,Recommended,227300,10701169,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Halfsquatch,"This game really is a lot of fun to play. I never thought I would ever say this about a real simulation game. Never really got into them, until I saw a review for this game. A guy namde Nerd3 (stands for Nerd Cubed) has a channel on youtube. After seeing him play this game, I had to get it. Needless to say, I'm not dissapointed. It is very fun and relaxing to play. It can also be quite intense, depending on your playstyle. I think it is a must to play this game with a steering wheel, makes it feel like you're right there."
,Recommended,227300,3531672,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Kestis,Really Super :)
,Recommended,227300,10704007,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SgtDrPeppers,I've wasted entire weekends playing this game. I recommend you do the same.
76561198138784163,Recommended,227300,10681464,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ultrahobo,"Although it gets extremely boring so easily after a while,this game has really high potential. With this community of enthusiastic people trying to improve the game, I guess we can play this game for so many years. A must in every steam library."
76561197960789469,Recommended,227300,10682854,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BagOfHolding,8/10 would truck again
76561198051363712,Recommended,227300,10683330,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Numb3r 13,looks boring but is adicting like hell!!
76561198051003400,Recommended,227300,10684894,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Acheron,I have to say I absolutely love this game. I find myself playing it for hours and not even realizing the time. It's even bringing me to the point where I'm considering buying a driving wheel for my pc just to use! I certainly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good relaxing sim game... GO BUY IT NOW!!! :P
,Recommended,227300,10779620,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tin of Juice,such a good game :)
,Recommended,227300,10781690,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Eperiod,Booted up ETS2 after a hard day's work and Let It Go came on a French radio station I had on. Automatically felt better and warm inside.10/10
,Recommended,227300,10781958,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Anal Fissure,Really good game. Would highly recommend!
,Recommended,227300,10782024,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dennis,i am a euro truck
,Recommended,227300,10783838,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Strawberries,Almost failed my drivers test because of it!10/10
,Recommended,227300,10784356,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,davix,"definitely get a wheel and pedals for this one, and alot of getting used to the weird angles provided by the in-game camera. however the missions are interesting, the detail level of the truck driving business not 100% spot on but a good combination of a driving sim and a business delivery sim."
,Recommended,227300,2507494,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,kdash2008,"Você vai pensar : - Eu que não vou jogar um jogo de controlar caminhão ! Aí você joga e 'paga' a língua. Porque é um jogaço ! Cenários rurais e urbanos se misturam no belo continente Europeu,  seja chuva ou sol... De dia ou de noite. Você põe suas MP3's para tocar e curte o passeio sem estresse. Outro detalhe é como o jogo consegue ser pequeno e ter tanto conteúdo. - Menos de 800mb de download. Vale conferir !"
,Recommended,227300,2806167,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,HakPed,"The most addicive driving game ever. You basically drive trucks and manage your bussiness.You start off by making a company, then pick your preffered type of truck, I chose Volvo. Then off you go driving borrowed trucks for companies during deliveries, it's either that til you can afford your own truck, or borrow money from the bank.later in the game you drive to the companies to do deliveries in your own trucks, there are a couple types of deliveries; fragile cargo, dangerous cargo, valuable cargo, and short time deliveries. You have to upgrade your skills to get the more valuable ones and to get deliveries with further distances.You can upgrade your base of operations and purchase more of them, you can hire managers and drivers, you also have to purchase trucks for your drivers.I'm not that far into the game though, I've got a pimped up truck and little cash left, and at around 30 hours it's still not getting boring yet!Got a gaming wheel? Excellent! Much more fun with a gaming wheel. although it doesn't seem to have full compatibility yet, i ended up turning the sensitivity for turning up to full. It doesn't seem to have much support for force feedback either, but it's still pretty fun.Oh, and did i mention it works with gears? Thats right, with the G27 or similar gaming wheel, you have a gear case thingy! You can choose between the increadibly difficult advanced gearing system based on the real manual trucks, or the normal H configuration you'll find in most cars. by the way, i hope you know how to pop a clutch, this game supports that.I recommend picking this game up on steam when it's on sale though, since there's only a couple months left til the holidays.Did i forget anything? Anyway, let's hope they update their support for gaming wheels!"
76561198079614575,Recommended,227300,8381226,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SLAWKA,"Best truck simulator ever made :D/ Only one disadvantage -no multiplayer :D... Imagine playing multiplayer with your friends, driving together long distances :D..."
,Recommended,227300,8555956,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ZEeEeE,Best simulator iive played by farrr ♫▲♥♥♥
,Recommended,227300,8556276,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Camerooon93,"This game is actually awesome and very addictive  even for a 20 year old! The modifications for the trucks are very well done and the feel of the game and running your own business is very nice, a lot better than i expected its awesome even setting up joysticks is easy, the map system is a bit basic and the sat navs too simple but thats been picky overall its very good"
76561198015388319,Recommended,227300,8556612,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,spork232ca,"Stangely addicting , why is driving a truck so much fun?"
,Recommended,227300,8557834,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,DeJaYxB,awesome game hours of fun for sure
,Recommended,227300,8559882,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Bryce :3,One of the best games i have ever played!
76561198019974449,Recommended,227300,8562134,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,drew,Oddly mesmerizing...
76561198027092810,Recommended,227300,8564307,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,depressao incapacitante,dis is aboot trucks lelelelel
,Recommended,227300,8507305,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Tronting in the USA,To drive trucks is to learn inner peace and find the key to everlasting happiness.
,Recommended,227300,8569111,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Spoonerino,"An all round great sim! As a newcomer to sims this game has just made me fall in love, it is both hardcore/casual sim which makes it enjoyable for all. The only con i have for this game as it is not as enjoyable with a keyboard than it is with a steering wheel.Would advise this game for anyone who enjoys driving."
,Recommended,227300,8549218,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Cowboy124aa,BADA** this game rocks!!
,Recommended,227300,8549415,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,mr_dubb,"Only put 2 deliveries in so far but I am absolutely LOVING this game. Even playing with a 360 controller (although I am definitely getting a wheel in the near future). Put a few mods into the game and its a legit simulation that can give hours of entertainment. Only downside is the graphics are rather average but the real locations are fantastic so its a moot point. If you enjoy racing games or simulation games or even are looking for something new, check out Euro Truck Sim 2!"
76561198049109969,Recommended,227300,8550161,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,SleepingInRlyeh,"I wasn't sure when I bought this because the premise sounds kind of corny.  I thought it might be crap, but it isn't it's great if you like driving sims!The sim part of the driving is great.  You definitely don't want to play with keyboard / mouse (though you can).  It was much easier for me to use an Xbox controller, and I suspect a steering wheel would be better.The other half of the game is a business sim.  You earn money by delivering goods across Europe.  WIth that money, you can upgrade your rig, buy other trucks and hire other drivers to expand your business.  This adds a lot to the game because there is a purpose and goal to your driving whereby you can fulfill goals.A must-have for driving sim fans."
76561198086950761,Recommended,227300,8553023,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,yotisvag,This is a great game but I would like it to have a bit more depth.
,Recommended,227300,8554268,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,liamcragg1,love it:)
,Recommended,227300,8350427,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rexagon,"Addictive and fun game, I'm serious stop reading this and buy the game now. Really really recomending you guys. It's worth it!"
,Recommended,227300,8383230,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,JOSHMAVIATOR,"One of the best simulators i have ever seen. the detail in the trucks, the over the top game machanics. just all in all a really great truck driving game."
,Recommended,227300,8385286,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Chupacabra,"just me, my truck and the open road..."
,Recommended,227300,8430166,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,RichardW,"Very good simulation, I'm looking forward to new routes."
,Recommended,227300,8430718,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Adam Patrick Murray,"I swear to god, getting bored is part of the game mechanics!"
76561198040657920,Recommended,227300,8430921,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Josaf,Really relaxing and well built game! I can spend hours just chilling in my awesome personalized truck and drive around making money and expanding my own company. Really good for those who love simulators and driving! If you want to chill and have some spare time you can just take your truck out on a ride and make deliveries in the mighty world of Europe!
76561198009060749,Recommended,227300,8432463,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,GamzExplorer,Fantastic simulator! I have been a sim fan for years (flight and train). This is my first truck simulator and I am hooked! The accuracy of driving a big rig is incredible and the goal of owning your own trucking company gives you a deep level of business strategy. You can hire drivers and they all have different skills and abilities. Own your own garage and trucks in multiple cities. Truck customization is very detailed from the mirrors to the lights and fantastic paint jobs. I highly recommend this game if you can get it on sale then a super bargin!
76561198045335560,Recommended,227300,8418262,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Grizzzzlebaerz,"Didn't think I'd be into this one. 5 hours in and I'm just loving it, probably my favourite sim ever. Euro Truck Sim 2  is not for everybody, if you're into motoring or simulators or both then definitely check it out. 8.5/10"
76561197970547177,Recommended,227300,8418269,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Tyranum,Never thought I would enjoy a game like this....but I do! It's just a cool zen kind of a thing punctuated by panic attacks as you miss your turn off or scrape the side rail. Good times.
76561198020694077,Recommended,227300,8418498,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,NewRollOfToiletPaper,"A better trucker simulation there never was. Euro Truck Simulator 2 provides the perfect experience of living life on the road with none of the negatives, like hemorroids! It's a fantastic trucking sim but do not expect much more than that. 5/5"
76561198049653894,Recommended,227300,8418536,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Darkrachet,IF YOU LIKE TRUCKS N SH*T THIS WILL BE YOUR JAMIT EVEN HAS REAL RADIO STATIONSCOOL AS F*CK
,Recommended,227300,8413685,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Rik,"bad♥♥♥♥♥mother ♥♥♥♥in hardcore action thrilling game this♥♥♥♥♥♥will have you jumping out of your seat everytime you come to a ♥♥♥♥in intersection because the bad♥♥♥♥♥graphics. this game will literally make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants when its night time you cant see jack♥♥♥♥♥♥but the realism is above realism, it is life."
,Recommended,227300,8419211,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Heckflosse230,EXCELLENT!
,Recommended,227300,8419292,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MrHonorable | @twitch.tv,"Wish i had a steering wheel but works great with keyboard mouse, and also a controller."
,Recommended,227300,8420545,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,CptJamesTMerc,"Picked this Gem up only becauseof the steam holiday sale! It Turned out to be one of the best buys I have made in 2013, and that is no joke! Before this game I had never really taken much interest in simulators but after reading all of the positive reviews I thought that for $5 it was worth a shot! There are literally too many positives about this game to list all of them but let me highlight a few of the amazing features I enjoyed... First of all there is a built in internet radio player so that while hauling down the highway you can listen to real european radio stations (listen to oxford jack), or just transfer your music into a file which is made very easy and enjoy your own music! Second, when you are driving across Europe in an indie simulator, you would think that most of the enviroments along the roads would be recycled every few minutes because of the great distance you have to travel, but really you will find that most of the time you will be looking at new scenery all most all of the time and it all looks wonderful! Third and my favorite, it will ocasionally rain while you are cruising through the country and that will be your favorite part of the whole game, it looks so dang realistic from inside the cab that it made me start to get drowsy and sleepy the same way I would in a real car in the rain!!! All in all this is a fantastic simulator that can easily be played in multi-hour sessions, with few negatives (one of them being civilian driver AI), I have to give this game a 9/10 !!!"
,Recommended,227300,8420601,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Pr3D@t0R,"I never gave this game a second look until i read the reviews. Bought it while it was on sale... and I must say I am more than pleasantly surprised! It's an excellent relaxing and well-paced game! Definitely not the kind where you're constantly bombarded by things to do. Just a game to enjoy the drive, appreciate the scenary, and just let loose whilst listening to live radio across Europe. What a wonderful gem of a game... don't let the psuedo-boring name fool you!"
,Recommended,227300,568098,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,Crinkles,"This is way more fun than it has any right to be.If you enjoy the open road driving more than circuit racing, it's well worth a look. Hauling cargo across Europe, avoiding speeding fines, rollovers and psycho drivers (who may just be bad AI.. who knows?) while growing your buisness is pretty entertaining. And with built-in support for MP3s and internet radio, those KMs just fly by!The highway network is scaled down from real life (probably a good move, really) and cities are simplifed to a few blocks containing relevant businesses.. you only enter the outskirts of major cities, but appropriate landmarks and skylines are present.Not many bells and whistles or built-in tweaks, but modding is supported and there's already a growing pile of mods online.Go on, join us. Experience the comfy euro trucking phenomenon."
76561198093289941,Recommended,227300,7405264,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Kotgoth,Feels real :)
76561197981931271,Recommended,227300,8423322,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,大妖怪(>_<)=b,Great Fun!
,Recommended,227300,8424343,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rem The Belgian,"This is an excellent game already, and it will only become better with the release of Multiplayer.The game is a little too easy so installing some mods is recommended, I prefer the physics mod, essentail fixes and a map expansion mod like trucksim map."
,Recommended,227300,8424891,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,blkmgcwmn,THIS IS MY LIFE
76561198040758121,Recommended,227300,8425107,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Evry,Nice truck driving game. Things I like about the Euro Truck Simulator1.  Scenery is quite good2. Mouse steering control3. Simple. just drive and deliver.. love it...4. You can start your own company or be a freelance. It is up to you..Things that can be improved (in my opinion):Lacks of dirt road. Eventhough its environment is based on europe but it will be nice to add city or town that can only accessed by non-asphalt muddy steep road.
,Recommended,227300,8411394,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Xander,"Great simulation game, so detailed and refined, they make all the areas weld together in such a smooth way that keeps you wanting to build you company, great simulation with great thought and time put into it, i wouldnt go so far as to tell people to have to get this as it's a love or hate genre but if your into this genre this is definately a game for you!"
76561198073965684,Recommended,227300,10536270,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,rcarter918,Great game would recomend a controler though.
76561198094673127,Recommended,227300,10537839,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,CourageousGamer1212,This is a good game to pass the time!!
,Recommended,227300,10538141,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ford,"Excellent simulator! The absolute best for graphics and decent gameplay, which other simulators seem to lack. Whilst there is a point where you can become bored, there is a thriving MOD community which have now created a working Multiplayer! This makes the game much more funa s you can cruise with your friends, rather than just sitting in one lane on a french motorway for 450 miles.The makers bring good value for money DLC every so often and update the game regually, listening to gamers comments and views on the game.The issue which I have with this game is that it lacks detail in places. For example, ALL of the cities are no where near dense enough and lack a city feel. They feel old and tired and are generic pretty much throughout the map. In addition, there seems to be roads that lead to no where, blocked by a yellow or white barrier. Small country roads that EVERYBODY who plays the game would like to deliver from. There are too many motorways for my liking and the roads and depots should be smaller or more realistic. Making it a challange or interesting to be in.Fix the city issues and actully be able to drive around London, instead of 12 roads crossing with dead ends.Despite all of this, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a step forward in the right direction for simulators and are giving them a good repuation once again. Triumphing over Farming Sim and other german replicas.9/10"
,Recommended,227300,10538827,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,gxtx,Não tem nem como avaliar! Se você gosta de simuladores esse é o jogo!
,Recommended,227300,10538961,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ImDesirableHD,Great Game
,Recommended,227300,10539346,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,orionrei,One of the best and funniest simulators
76561197993662363,Recommended,227300,10547174,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,johnsonch,"Fun game, works decently well with keyboard.  If you like driving simulators, this one adds a significant twist to the standard racing fair.  Unlike the racing games it does not rely so much on dextarity as the trucks are less manoverable."
76561198079067778,Recommended,227300,10553307,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Lemoistalex,amazing
76561197968533668,Recommended,227300,7886964,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,TaskUK,"A great Sim, moddable, fun, even better with TrackIR and a great 900 degree wheel.Need I say more."
,Recommended,227300,7887230,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Matex600,Amazing Pc only Game9/10
,Recommended,227300,7887497,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,maxresdefault,Doing 90km/h reppin the Schengen Area... Ain't no thing.
,Recommended,227300,2297261,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Maxwell Cromhide,"Trucks, Europe. Simulated in all their glory."
76561198090868525,Recommended,227300,7889944,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,wilsonkof,"this game is realistic. graphics are good, everything doing well. You must be addicted if you're a simulation game fans. This game is more than your expectations. Large explorable maps, driver skills, nice trucks buyable, senitive mouse control over the truck made everything smooth and fun! highly recommanded for those who like simulator games."
76561197980448559,Recommended,227300,7890623,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,PegasusJF,Buy...this...game...beautiful driving landscapes and almost makes me want to switch careers.
76561198047998209,Recommended,227300,7891324,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Vilhelm,"I only have a few hours in this game but I have to say, I am really enjoying it. I typically play the fast paced racers but this is a completely different experience. I find the driving oddly calming yet still very entertaining. The business side (although I havent delved to much into it yet) is engaging. The trucks are upgradeable and varied and they are adding more for free (so far)."
,Recommended,227300,7929281,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,pl8m8,"Truckin' all day, erryday.Comfy as ♥♥♥♥"
76561198051122648,Recommended,227300,7929290,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,caridian70,"a realy good simulation,good attention to detail and quite enjoyable to play.its got to be one of the best simulations ive played"
,Recommended,227300,7930804,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,RASH B,"Yes, a little chicken friedCold beer on a Friday nightA pair of jeans that fit just rightAnd the radio upI like to see the sunriseSee the love in my womans eyesFeel the touch of my precious childAnd know a mothers love"
,Recommended,227300,277346,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Charkie,"Don't come to this game if you want excitement or if you want to be a simulated♥♥♥♥♥♥and crash into everybody. If you just want to relax and zone out for a few hours, then try the demo and check it out. It's what it says on the package: you drive a truck around Europe, making deliveries, managing and expanding your business, and basically just enjoying a relaxing drive. For the best experience, get a controller (a remapped XBox controller works fine) and load up your favorite podcast for those long trips, or listen to the large selection of European internet radio stations included (and you can always add your own)."
,Recommended,227300,7931911,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Cynical Zebra,"The best simulator I have ever played, definetly recommend."
76561198055060886,Recommended,227300,8433017,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,kathleenmesserle,Fun game.
,Recommended,227300,8433359,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SpaggHeddy,Best game ever!!!
,Recommended,227300,8438564,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,BurgerDeeL,"This game is epic (EPIC) in what it gives you, especially if you're wondering if the Steam sale going on is worth a buy.  BUY IT!At first I was thinking that it was just a simulator, and let me tell you that I was wrong.  You have to deliver goods across Europe and earn enough money to set up your own garage and fleet.  Discover new places and shops too.As mentioned by many other reviewers, this game gives you the full experience of driving a truck with and without a trailer.  There are many factors in consideration too, like speeding tickets and traffic rules.  Driving off-road will cause you to hit stones, causing damage.  Driving too fast and cornering too hard can make your truck tip.This game gave me more respect for truck drivers that make logistics possible."
76561197976994479,Recommended,227300,8438820,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,AMXPariah,"I was bored out of my mind and bought this game on impulse while it was on sale. The game has had me hooked the whole time. With a simple concept, the game is accessible to anyone willing to try it. The ability to stream live radio through the game ultimately sold me on this game completely and if you don't have any live streams to import yourself, you can use their presets. I recommend Rock Zone coming out of Prague.If you're open-minded to unconventional games, I recommend this one (especially with its low price tag). It's a referesher from all of the fast paced action games that're popular nowadays."
,Recommended,227300,8389842,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,EvilPentaPenguin,"You are probably looking at this game during a Steam holiday/summer sale and thinking, ""should I actually buy this?"" The answer is yes. A most definite, unquestionable yes."
,Recommended,227300,8390295,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,And - unac.dk,"I never thought I would like this game. However, it is the most addictive game I have played in a while. Usually I laugh at all the ""B game"" simulator games, but not this one. This is to be taken seriously.There are some slight nuisances in the game, but that is to be expected. The cab, where you sit, seems to be immune to bumps in the road, or they are not felt. And other drivers, have sometimes a slight annoying habbit of pulling out in front of you, even though you are driving at 90 km/h with a load of 20 tons. In another word, you can not stop i time. But then you get to the more fun aspect in the game, then you get a ticket! But then again, even if they pull out in front of you, and it's their fault, you still get the ticket. Another slight nuisance.I still recommend this game, warmly."
76561198028077658,Recommended,227300,8392213,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,greenTooth,Relaxing game.
76561198064897375,Recommended,227300,8398636,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,bobbysally,This is a fun chill game
,Recommended,227300,2019312,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Toasty Gyro,"This game is a masterpiece. It is how a simulator should be. Nothing beats driving down the beautiful countrysides of England and then taking the farie to the Netherlands and to be greeted by THE DAMN AI THAT DOESNT KNOW HOW TO DRIVE. GOD DAMNIT. Either way this game has a wide assortment of upgrades for your truck. There is a huge open world to explore with cutting edge graphics, physics, and AI. EXCEPT FOR THE ONES IN THE NETEHRLANDS. ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,227300,8402624,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,W1ndsor,"Amazing Game. It is extremly relaxing to just sit and drive trucks for a few hours. Played the Demo so much. Finally got this and it is way better. You can liten to radio stations from all over Europe, Add your own internet stations, or just listen to your own music. A must buy"
,Recommended,227300,8402688,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Snbrn,Amazing and realxing. Beware of rain and the night. And buses.♥♥♥♥ buses.
76561197980860670,Recommended,227300,8403195,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dem19,"This game is relaxing, it's NOT a FPS shooting game and you drive around."
76561197963658221,Recommended,227300,8403338,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Alesmell,Sometimes you have to keep on keeping on! And that's when its time to Truck on!
,Recommended,227300,8403858,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DarkOnistar,"One of the best simulators I've seen on Steam.  It simulates the role quite well and you can get more emersed by using TrackIR and even Oculus Rift.My only annoyance is that the roads are made smaller compared to real life versions so it can be awkward on certain roads, other than that its fun to play and the modding community are trying to make it multiplayer with unofficial mods."
76561198019478429,Recommended,227300,8404216,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Rogius,Good game :) models of trucks are very good :)Can upgraded truck and listen to your favorite music :)Chillin 'at the wheel :)
,Recommended,227300,8360737,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Bmjepic,It is a very good game to play it is the best truck game ever!IT IS A MUST HAVE
76561197978412621,Recommended,227300,8361041,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,GrimJack,"Great Game! Wonderful simulation complete with streaming radio music from Europe. Get it now, ten four good buddy!"
76561198120356478,Recommended,227300,8363280,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,BRoKENHoloCoRE,Fun games for young players or people who are really in to thishowever its not my thing but i can understand why people would like thisit is worth the moneydont buy this game if you dont have a steering wheel imo.
,Recommended,227300,8363976,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dagger,Honestly i love it and also the DLC it nicei have seen that there may be a multyplayer mod comeing soon
,Recommended,227300,8365624,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ｓｐｏｏｍｙ,It's time to get comfy
,Recommended,227300,10250099,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Sully,Did a barrel roll on a dual carriageway 10/10 would drive again
,Recommended,227300,10261462,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Cake 🎂,"This game is surprisingly good fun! Unlike other simulators, this game has stuff for you to do. I wouldn't say it's a game you'd play when you want something action-filled to do, but more one of those games you play when you just can't be bothered to shoot anyone else's head off - a sort of casual simulator, which with the release of the new multiplayer mod (not by SCS) you can play with your friends.The graphics are very nice, the game runs smoothly and very rarely crashes (probably less than most games) and the physics are fairly good.I love the truck upgrading system - the idea of buying a basic 360HP lorry and turning it into a 600HP lorry with massive spotlights, airhorns and now with the latest update a custom metalic paintjob.I really like this game!~~~End review in the strangest most unfunny manor possible~~~"
,Recommended,227300,10283414,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,FEARtheODDS,whats more to tell? you can just read other peoples review here and i agree! its recommended!
76561198083400935,Recommended,227300,9095919,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,james.booker98,this is a great game i love it .i would like to see the mercedes truck added to the game.
76561198127032066,Recommended,227300,10227387,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,the ginger bread man,you neend make the game more realistic like  real truck problems  overheating oil pressure alarms tires blowing out more realistic damage. thank you
76561197995672111,Recommended,227300,10510840,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,vanderheide45,"Best game ever, I have 731 hrs. into this game. On level 66, using G-27 Logitech wheel. There is so much you can do with the game, adding mods, the game is updated and new trucks and cities added."
76561198049538869,Recommended,227300,10512738,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,[NL]Raymondhv,This game is a the world wide best truckers game !
,Recommended,227300,10459136,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Herp_Derp97,You drive and drive and drive and drive!!!!
76561198052556470,Recommended,227300,5595932,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,Fishy,"This game is good for days when♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan and you just wanna relax/think it over. It has a peaceful vibe to it, and doesn't get you stressed or worried.Also sometimes you get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the idiots in the other cars."
76561198061192046,Recommended,227300,10461862,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,PromptedFawkes,"Even though I haven't completed a lot of this game yet, I think it's probably the best simulator out there, maybe second only to OMSI. This is a great combination of management gaming and driving simulation... I mean, hell, you could employ someone and buy them a truck and never be on the road again, or you could build an entire empire by yourself. It's good for that guy that really likes management or the sim enthusiast or even for the casual gamer that has no problem sitting for a solid 2-6 hours straight and swearing at those really tight turns that you need pixel-accuracy to nail completely. Combined with it's beautiful looks and laughable weight and requierments (in a good way, of course) I can't say that it's not worth it. Get it, NOW."
76561198047123592,Recommended,227300,10463438,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,CrazyTrex,A great truck simulation with very good graphics and enjoyable driving simulation.
76561198088197795,Recommended,227300,10497612,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Ungulado,"Just noticed I played this game for 160 hs. That certainly deserves a review. Don't look at this as a game. This hits the sweet spot between ""I want to have some frantic action!"" and ""I just want to close my eyes and relax"". Tense enough to keep you invested, yet driving through those long Euroepan highways let's your mind wander in all directions.Make no mistake, this is a very humble simulator, but every little thing it has to do, it does right. Nice landscapes, cities small enough to be serviceable, trucks feel right, heavy loads make it feel heavy and there´s a nice little variety. The upgrades and skill trees are just enough to trigger that ""just one more trip"" feeling.Oh, and mods, of course.You probably found thousands of ""XX Simulator"" games around. Most are just lousy. Besides the AA titles, this is the one."
76561198009989678,Recommended,227300,10489702,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,sam_johnson757,"Played 173 hrs, and love it, just have a few ideas/questions that would make this a really great game.1) twik say 5 hotel rooms, so you could see inside the hotel when you stay there, other than just staying in the truck;2)possibility of getting maint done at your own garages;3)getting a trip route editor, with say 3 way points, so you could set up your own route if you wanted.I have been playing this game pretty much non-stop the last week, and have a real blast, look forward to any and all updates.Definitly recommend this game.  Already recommended it to a friend."
76561198067307866,Recommended,227300,10529655,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,StraightDave,I love this game
,Recommended,227300,10530732,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Tormund Giantsbane,Who the hell doesn't want to drive a truck around europe?
76561198018205554,Recommended,227300,10530973,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Moonline,Best truck simulator in the world :3
,Recommended,227300,10504166,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,MrLeafZONE,Nice graffics beautiful landscapes and a LOT of driving.You can listen to your musics in your truck and that´s one of the best thinks about this game.The parking it´s hard for begineers but you get the hang of it.The interior of the truck it´s almost real and the truck it self too.Sometimes the game can get boring because of the long distances driving alone but i recomend this game because when you get the change of starting your own company it´s really rewarding.
76561198059323224,Recommended,227300,10326992,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Cunt™,"It may seem boring but its addicting,"
,Recommended,227300,10327201,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,go vegan,Can someone explain to me why this is addictive?
,Recommended,227300,10333557,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,redtag,"I never thought a truck-driving simulator could be fun, but this game proved me wrong"
76561198195467547,Recommended,227300,19281193,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,badman,Its nice
,Recommended,227300,15205446,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,PPV,"This game is awesome, I just can't stop. Every day off work I wake up and make a delivery in ETS2. Like some people move cards in solitaire, I move freights across the Europe. It's like my own personal brand of heroin.+trucks+upgrades+speed cameras+paint jobs+star radio cambridge-some radio stations don't work, and list of them does not update-there's a an option to put a plate for your pal on the passenger's seat, but there's no passenger-no cute kittens' paint jobs"
,Recommended,227300,10069048,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,TheAceTrainer,"This game is really an exciting game with a lot of variety of trucks and realistic simulation , I would really like to see you guys update the scania dashboard as its quite last gen, Renault T series. I heard that the developers are adding new places, however its in a DLC which I hate because I can simply download promod and I can have areas like Sweden in the game."
76561198199159411,Recommended,227300,28406669,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,stakker17,"Re-reviewed:This is a very very nice simulator, one of the coolest out there with great fan base and plentitude of mods.Pros:- Good looking.- Entertaining.- Nice to play around with for hours and hours.- Not even that expensive and can be spotted on sales occasionally, though you may end up spending some eventually buying all the commercial DLCs and paint jobs packs, which one can live without if necessary.Cons:- A little under developed game play, wish the SCS team could put more effort in the actual game design aside of the awesome looks and detail accurate trucks. Meaning that it would be great if player had statistics about the developments in the game from many aspects and success wouldn't be clear just by letting time pass but there would be detactable, traceable challenges on how to manage different aspects of the game like garages, drivers and trucks.- Compared to all the endless number of intriguing mods the original game starts to look a bit pale after a while. Why not add the modded trucks from various ages to the game? Make ETS2 the ""Gran Turismo"" of truck simulators! Also, why not make a World Truck Simulator that would contain all parts of the world in the official game, like it's being implemented through the fan created mods? Looking forward to see SCS guys pick up these ideas eventually.Despite the few reservations mentioned, this game will give you good times for hundreds of hours if you will, so don't miss if you're into driving in (relatively relaxing) simulation mode in beautiful looking sceneries!"
,Recommended,227300,19239144,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,[RIP] rwsender,"Bought this game several years ago, it was a struggle at first to get in too. The controls were difficult but it’s no racing game, the trucks handle like trucks and this is why it is the best simulator I have played. The map is simply amazing. I have all of the DLC (Going East, Scandinavia) and they are both really good. Scandinavia is simply amazing on the highest settings.The truck models are also very realistic, with branding now for all the trucks so that they have proper names. The ability to customise the trucks keeps you attached to the game, be prepared to lose sleep and entire days roaming this map. It’s very relaxing to sit back in single player with music on and just drive.The standalone multiplayer has also changed the game for the better, it’s constantly being improved and has a great community. Things like convoys and Virtual trucking companies immerse you even more.The dev's have truly gone a long way with this game, it’s one of the reasons that I got into PC gaming, from watching Stockglaws on YouTube so many years ago. Can’t wait for ATS and more updates!10/11 will lose sleep over again."
76561198372444230,Recommended,227300,30625060,Posted: 19 March,all,VeNoMzZxACTIONZ,"This game is amazing! i would rate it 4 out of 5 because you have to download the truckers mp to be able to do multiplayer, also for that to work you need a 64-bit system. apart from that the game is amazing highly recomend!"
76561197975451781,Recommended,227300,19244754,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,D-Ray,This game is super awesome! So well done and supremely polished. Loving it 100%!
76561198008658195,Recommended,227300,19244912,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Joshuazp,"One of the best simluation games ever! and the fact that they keep updating it, just makes it better..   ***11/10***"
,Recommended,227300,19261863,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,kcdgdave,It's driving...It's trucks....I like it.
,Recommended,227300,19241900,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Smittyj1982,This game is AWESOME!!!! Can't wait for ATS to come out.
,Recommended,227300,30625096,Posted: 19 March,all,Kappa,nice
,Recommended,227300,19239786,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Moody,It's alright
76561198253681516,Recommended,227300,19269868,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,zumah300,Seriously I don't know why I love this game but man I love it to the bits.
,Recommended,227300,19373895,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Kramit The Frog,"A surprisingly ejoyable title for such a banal activity.  There is great satiscaftion in creating, growing, managing, and working for your company.  I recommend creating a good music playlist or tuning into your favourite podcast while driving.  It's actually quite relaxing once you get through the learning process of how to drive a vehicle with a long and wide trailer.  While I personally prefer to steer with the mouse and leave most other controls to the keyboard, I think I would have liked to play this with a wheel.  Oh and pro tip, create some redundant keybindings on your mouse (if you can) so that if you have to scratch your nose or something you don't have to loose control or pause.  Gas, for example, I have bound to W and left mouse button so I can do most cruising speed maneuvers with only my mouse.  (yes I know about cruise control :P )"
,Recommended,227300,19370263,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,1singur,"American Truck Simulator can't come too soon, that's how good and engaging Euro Truck Simulator 2 is! Make sure you get the expansions too, because they... expand the map pretty much, and also add other improvements to the game. Otherwise you can skip the paintjob dlcs, unless the WHOLE thing costs you about the same as ETS2+expandions."
,Recommended,227300,19375636,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Blurr[SOAR],"What more can I say about ETS 2 that hasn't been said a million times already?So far I've spent 30+ hours with the game (and many more to come) and I feel like I ripped the dev's off as I got the game as part of a humble bundle.It was a game that I was interested in for a while (had played a few truck simulators before this) but have never really been a fan of the ""cab over"" designs that are a trademark of European trucks.  However, once I did get this in the bundle and stared playing it I was hooked.I can't explain what makes the game so addicting but it definitely has a way of getting it's hooks into you.  Perhaps it's the progression aspect, constantly striving to upgrade your truck or your home base.  Maybe you want to hire some drivers and expand your business?  Or maybe you just find something comforting about crusing down the road (I know I do).  Whatever it is, this game delivers something I've been sorely missing from games lately...I just feel complete relaxation driving down the highway delivering cargo.  I also can't wait to get to my destination to see how difficult it may be to back my trailer in (my favorite part of the game).As I said, I got the game in a bundle and considering how much entertainment I've gotten out of it I felt really bad, almost like I cheated the devs out of the money they so surely deserved.  Hence I bought all the expansions and DLC.  And I will be sure to purchase American Truck Simulator once it is realsed...AT FULL PRICE!  Rarely do I EVER buy a game at full price anymore, since we are all so jaded by the constant Steam sales...but the guys at SCS care about their games and their customers.  They definitely deserve every penny!I highly recommend this game.  It may not be for everyone, and it is a bit of a ""simulation-light"", but for those that do try it and enjoy it...you may be like me and fall in love with this masterpiece."
76561198121868780,Recommended,227300,19375667,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Tanks Be Rolling,"This game consumes you through hours of driving your truck, delivering goods and becoming a virtual millionare. Be warned this does all come rather realistically slowly. Oh dear, now I am in virtual debt from buying the most expensive truck from the start."
76561198161413640,Recommended,227300,19368864,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Kirby,"Cant stop playing this game.BTW, what is ""♥""???"
,Recommended,227300,19368917,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,✵NeaKOne 乇ムらㄚ✵,Good game. I like the game and it's run good on my laptop.
,Recommended,227300,19371547,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mrlazy113,This game is awesome I have played this game for over 31 hours! I spent $11 on this game and it was worth it!
76561198073237934,Recommended,227300,9418161,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Trent.K.Scott,"This is one of the first games I played when I started to play on PC.  And its one of the reasons i decided to stay.  Love this game.  If you want to just sit back, relax and have a good thime playing games then this is a game for you (provided you like trucks or cars).It can be satisfying to carefully deliver a trailer from one side of Europe to the other, see real landmarks on the way and start to manage a delivery company. I'm not a fan of hardcore simulators, but this however is very easy to pick up and have a lot of fun with. (Would reccomend using Xbox360 controller or wheel though)."
76561198104631304,Recommended,227300,19474679,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ILoveRice,Best game in the whole wide world
76561198170069993,Recommended,227300,29165563,Posted: 10 January,all,clonescott,cant back up. 8/8
,Recommended,227300,15329177,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,F14Cheetah | LAZΞR,"Huge improvement from ETS. It follows a similar concept, but the gameplay is greatly improved.-Don't try to race cars. You will get speeding tickets.-Mod friendly, some great mods out there.-Expansion packs are worth it!Thanks SCS!"
,Recommended,227300,17870753,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Izáka,Good game but boring with singleplayer.
,Recommended,227300,19507621,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,bladeR,> got 500k in debt> bank took my truck> got a loan from the bank to get out of debtrepeat
,Not Recommended,227300,19508224,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Holla Holla get thicc dolla,Lacks alot of detail to real world. I found myself bored already after 10 hours. AND for 20 dollars. SHIEEET
,Recommended,227300,19506788,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,"Sixshot ""Overrun16""","incredibly addictive and immersive, even without any DLC! the modding community adds SO much to this game aswell. Highly reccomend it to anyone!"
,Recommended,227300,19461509,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Sam,"Fantastic game, All said."
,Recommended,227300,18765907,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,tahvox,"Not too seriousThere is nothing better than opening a nice cold beer, starting your engine and heading for the open road with your 25,000 pound truck. Just you, the road, a cold beer and nothing stopping you.That or playing Euro Truck Simulator 2.10/10No regrets."
,Recommended,227300,19483898,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Rize Δ csgoatse.com,Un joc foarte înteresant în care ai foarte multe lucruri de făcut. Îmi place foarte mult♥♥♥♥♥se mișcă fiecare camion din acest joc. Totul e foarte realistic și îți uimește ochii în fiecare clipă.
,Recommended,227300,19528981,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Glitch,Ja also hat aufjedenfall einen großen Suchtfaktor. Diese 20€ auszugeben lohnt sich auf jeden Fall.
76561198278892845,Recommended,227300,30642517,Posted: 20 March,all,bengreen011,love the game bought it start of the year bought most of england garages lol
76561197993213812,Recommended,227300,19547915,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,thelawless,"If you have an Oculus Rift, this game has a good chance to become your favorite VR game (it did for me). It is absolutely perfect for VR - especially if you have a steering wheel/pedals. It's almost perfect immersion - it feels like you're driving a truck. The world is huge so you have this seemingly endless area to explore and it's not just aimless exploration - you have jobs to do and a company to run and grow, so you have an excuse to sit back and drive across Europe and just be in this detailed, beautiful world... day/night cycle, weather... you might have a beautiful sunrise, then drive through a rainy night with your wipers on. The oculus is absolutely judder free... smooth as silk. This is one of the few games for VR that is complete and awesome as it stands now. I drive for hours listening to music and running my trucking business.. I LOVE THIS GAME!!"
76561198057531620,Recommended,227300,19547191,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TrialsFlow,It is a good simulator if you are into trucks.
,Recommended,227300,19548982,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Justin Smithy,love it
,Recommended,227300,19536227,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,PancakePutin,This was on sale for about a $1.10/10 Would buy again.
76561198204534393,Recommended,227300,19536740,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,F_UZY,I love it.
76561198170347155,Recommended,227300,19550045,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Razzuh:((,Very good game! :)
,Recommended,227300,19555834,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,NarGotiX™,"Very relaxing game, Awesome 11/10"
76561198001285847,Recommended,227300,10616971,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Øsï,Absolutely stunning game. Great for playing with friends.
76561198121015767,Recommended,227300,10011575,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,mandv5678,Deceptively entertaining :D Definitely would recommend it to someone already interested.
,Recommended,227300,10054469,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,KissMyAssets,"best sim ive played as there is some level of gameplay and achievement, the multiplayer mod makes it ever more entertaining as well, i would suggest using a game pad or wheel but the keyboard controls really arent too bad"
76561198135288372,Recommended,227300,10072202,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,BAHMAN,cooool
,Recommended,227300,10072590,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Liam_V,The best!!!!
,Recommended,227300,10074925,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,◄►DEATHGUN◄►,this game is 10/10
76561197990493870,Recommended,227300,10075463,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Troy,"Most people will probably think ""Wow, what a boring sounding game"". Well, the magic of this game is that it isn't boring! After playing tons of first person shooters, this is a great game to come to. A refreshing change, if you will. It's quite relaxing to put on the radio and just fly down the highway. The graphics are incredible, the truck models even more so. Get this game!"
,Recommended,227300,10076038,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,xent,"This game suprised me, its more fun than it looks. True its time invested where your trips get longer and long each time. But its a joy to play. The grapics are amazing and you feel like a real trucker on the road."
76561198001076720,Recommended,227300,10077353,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Ania Liama,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a nice game with good graphics.The gameplay is a little thin, but still is totally playable.Build your own truck empire and haul some loads cross europe."
76561198039643721,Recommended,227300,10064245,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,{DHG} HOSS,Very realistic truck driving game
76561198127269520,Recommended,227300,10067988,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,cluch22,The game is well rounded and is low key or not stressful if you like driving like me.
,Recommended,227300,10096066,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,MANNING SNIPES,This game is pretty fun if you're good at it.
,Recommended,227300,10098797,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Onionike,Very nice graphics and excellent scenery. I will mention that this game is hard to get into unless you have a game wheel. If I had a wheel to use for this game I'd probably play it a lot!
,Recommended,227300,10105944,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Dacian,"10/10 gaming experience, like GTA but better. So you play a driver with a mysterious past, you must raise 12 million dollars for a procedure to have your heart replaced with pure thunder because your human heart cannot support how awesome you are, along the way you will meet many animal companions, such as Hawky the Killer Eagle, Roadkill the Koala, and Spanky the Masturbating Kangaroo."
76561198004711136,Recommended,227300,10090292,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Cmnickgaming,"This is alot of fun, I recommend it if you like realistic truck driving, Play with a steering wheel if you can as it makes the experience even better"
76561198036611043,Recommended,227300,8451643,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,RainbowSloth,So much fun!
,Recommended,227300,8992338,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,There_is_no_you,Such an easy game to completely zone out on. Just put the radio on and keep on Truckin'. Love this game.
,Recommended,227300,8992124,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Blubbermaggot,"One of the best simulation games of the seemingly thousands of them around. A well-balanced difficulty curve, shortened drive time and the ability to put your tunes into a folder to play while you drive really cemented this as a good game for me.I learnt a fair bit about European road rules too, as a bonus. ""550 EURO FINE?! GET REAL!"" *loads previous save*I would also recommend using a racing wheel peripheral; I'm using a Logitech G27 and it works pretty well!"
,Recommended,227300,2432463,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,The Last Game Cube,"This is a real sleeper hit. I thought I would try it out on sell and didnt expect to like as much as I did. The Autobahn is very fun to drive on since you can go at whatever speed you want. P.S Dont go to the uk in the game their speed laws and speed cameras,and the non existent speed sign's really♥♥♥♥♥♥me off."
,Recommended,227300,8934673,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Outragedbird,I've driven so far in this game I feel like I'm growing a beer-gut and a truckers tan...
,Recommended,227300,1026327,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,bongineer,This game trucks.
76561197967771255,Recommended,227300,8497288,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,themadrussian,"Change Gear, Change Gear, Change Gear, Change Gear, Murder a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, Check Your Mirrors, Change Gear, Change Gear, Change Gear, Murder, Change Gear, Change Gear, MIrrors."
76561198088531241,Recommended,227300,8487780,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SillyToots,this is the best truck driving simulator game i have purchased cant wait till the next one Awsome buy!!!!!!
76561198025343411,Recommended,227300,8489309,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,EpidemikE,"I know...I know, its a game where you drive trucks. How fun can that be? Well I can tell you its actually quite fun. The sense of realism of hauling a heavy load and the physics it does to the truck you are driving make the game a great experience.I tried the demo and liked it so much I bought the game. I only wish I had a steering wheel controller setup and an Oculus to get the greatest experience."
76561197991379431,Recommended,227300,8490346,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,pete uk,"A great realistic driving simulator, starting off, driving for other companys, then earning enougth money to start your own business. watch out for hazards like speed cameras and remembering to put on your headlights when it gets dark."
76561198044675564,Recommended,227300,8581644,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ElementaL,Good simulation...though gets stale after a while..could use some new content to freshen it up.
76561198035719967,Recommended,227300,8587173,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,jesse.jones1102,"I'm stunned!. I never thought this would be any good, but just another BS sim-wannabe. How wrong was I.....I come from such sims as iRacing, MS FSX and so on... The fact I have a Logitech G25 wheel mixed with Fanatec pedals I was sure this game will NEVER recognize them. It did, right away. When it listed my pedals as Clubsport pedals I almost fell down from my racing seat!I also have a triple-screen setup and the game started itself in the 5760x1200 (accurate) resolution from the get go. At that point I started to doubt my doubts.Ok, it's not a SIMULATOR! The vehicle physics and the tire model, traffic and maps or what have you, are not anywhere near accurate, but what did you expect? It's a very much simcade. It's the Gran Turismo / Forza of truck simulators. And that's the point! It is close enough to be what you seek for without being frustratingly difficult. Enjoyable and fun. You actually can feel like you're hauling freight across Europe as a genuine trucker. If you're reading this, it's what you're looking for, eh?Other:-For these graphics (surprisingly good) it runs smooth as silk.-Triple-screen setup options are missing, such as bezel and screen angle corrections.-I'd like to manage what my employees are doing. If there's an option for that, I haven't yet found it.-There's actually stuff to see out there. Not much, but still.-Wheel and pedals are HIGHLY recommended. Even cheap second hand will do fine. H-pattern shifter is great.I really hope these guys are going to continue with this and shape it even better. It sure COULD be a lot better. But what I expected, it exceeded the expectations. And I'm a REALLY picky guy."
76561198030299914,Recommended,227300,8632250,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,TheHeavyMetallist,I love this game there is something about jumping in a truck and hitting the road i find it stangely relaxing  the maker's of the game are pro-active as to patching the game so if you like me like simulation then this is the game for you i also recogment checking the forum's of steam you will see the love myself and a lot of other's have for this game
,Recommended,227300,8632273,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,adr29truck,This is a fun simulator game.
,Recommended,227300,8632999,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,xbox live major nelson here,The only game where i can pretend to be a hip young trucker blasting drum n bass while dropping off random♥♥♥♥♥♥for people. would play again
76561198091252934,Recommended,227300,8633517,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Master White,"Very good game, Realistic driving and road behavior! Run your own company with or without bank loans, Overall a very good game, fuel consumption needs more work not very realistic on the fuel part but everything else is awesome. I give this game 9/10"
,Recommended,227300,8634538,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Kefir,"It's really cool to think you are a real truck driver and drive in the whole Europe. You can even add lots of mods, and it makes this game even better. If you want to relax after a hard day at work, and you like driving very much, BUY IT!"
,Recommended,227300,8634791,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,MDMA,Very good simulator. And Game
,Recommended,227300,8636033,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,SlingShot,"Very Good truck simulation, not easy with keyboard but fun :)"
76561198034489472,Recommended,227300,8637389,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Sgt.Schlüter,"This game is huge, it never gets boring. And with a steering wheel its even more fun. The developers have really done their best with the environment. If you are in the Netherlands for example, then it really feels like to Netherlands. The signs and buildings are well adjusted to the country itself. Even the roads in Germany are different from those in France. Good job. I would say 9/10. A 9 because sometimes the deliveries are just too long."
,Recommended,227300,8640754,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Brick Daniels,the greatest gaming experience of our time
76561197996331443,Recommended,227300,8643487,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,johnny,"One of the best Working Simulator,if they can fix the problem with the cities because all looks the same will be The Best!!"
,Recommended,227300,8644797,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Coyote,"Very good game. At time of purchase, just looking at it fromt he outside, it looks like something that I wouldn't of gotten into. A trucking game...based in Europe? But after pruchasing it, and playing it for a bit of time now, it's great. Just driving around, enjoying the in-game radio stations (channels pulled from the internet, with the ability to add your own streams), and seeing the in-game scenery which was done fantastically.Mods are always available, some adding a vast new part to the game, such as Northern expansion, or a feel for a more realistic atmosphere. It's more then worth the price you pay, just due to the sheer size of the world, and the amount of time you can find yourself playing it."
,Recommended,227300,8646292,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Juan Deeg,The Skyrim of Heavy Goods Vehicles
,Recommended,227300,8646449,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,BlueRevolution,Best driving simulator ever!!!
,Recommended,227300,8441603,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sancho Panza,Relaxing so much. A wheel is recommended.
76561198045558710,Recommended,227300,8441985,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rick Sanchez,It's a great game. It's definitely worth the price you pay for it. It definitely looks better with higher graphics enabled but still looks decent on medium. It's very detailed and keeps you constantly occupied. The only downside is that it's a very slow-paced game. It takes a while to complete jobs/tasks.Overall it's a fun game and definitely worth the price. I give it an 8/10.
76561197970396598,Recommended,227300,8443103,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MorgothUK,"ok, so i didnt expect much, but the attention to detail, the scale and the way it plays... Yes id recommend this"
,Recommended,227300,8443340,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Helios,"This is the best simulation game for trucking. For best experience, allocate an infinite amount of hours to this game"
,Recommended,227300,4027262,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,Hellcat,Yet another skeptic that has come to enjoy the subtle joy this game brings. Great for just kicking back and unwinding.
,Recommended,227300,8444250,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Hank Stanley,"For anyone who needs a break from the anxiety of shoot em' up games, and loves diesel and old fashioned gasoline just as much as I and many others do; This game is for you! Fantastic gameplay HUNDREDS of good delivery jobs, REALISM through the roof! If your looking at this review, your gonna get your moneys worth!"
76561198059635505,Recommended,227300,8445377,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,VulkanOnPc,very good game if you have logitech g25 or g27 steering wheel.
76561198037692866,Recommended,227300,8445938,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,TheGreganater,Good game for wasting time
76561198074600533,Recommended,227300,8448267,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,H.o.W-Weezytheweasel,"Fun, relaxing game that you can easily put 3+ hours into during one sitting."
,Recommended,227300,8449128,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,RobBobTheCornCob,"Wow!  Don't compare this to farming simulater because it's so much better.  I'm genuinly really happy with my purchase and, you'll be too.  Tons of content, pretty cheap, and super relaxing.  The only problems I had with the game is that my game would freeze for about 15 seconds.  It my just be my computer, though.  3.5/5 stars on sale     3/5 stars regular price."
76561198047824418,Recommended,227300,8449613,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Darryl Donnelly,A simulator that is as the name suggests.
,Recommended,227300,8450016,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Cee,This is the greatest game I have ever played.
76561198052228971,Recommended,227300,8450746,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Warshock,This game will suck you in for hours and hours 9.5/10
,Recommended,227300,8453949,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[WSH]docer,That's cool!
,Recommended,227300,8469220,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,John the Fancy,A very simple yet entertaining game to play. I enjoy playing when I can't seem to find anything to interest me.
,Recommended,227300,8469391,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Kakka Carrot Cake,"Didn't know if I would like this game when I first got it, but the more I've played it the more I've like it."
,Recommended,227300,8469624,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,creeping lotus,surprisingly good fun...
,Recommended,227300,8466372,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,unicyclegamer,"This is a pretty simple game and in my opinion, it really shines if you're using it to just relax. It is what it says it is, a truck driving simulator. There's no catch to that, you're just driving trucks across Europe. The gameplay is solid, it retains its title as a simulator but isn't as tedious as other simulators in my opinion. Driving is only a fraction of the in-game time, like 100 KM in-game is really only going to take you like 10 minutes.There is a variety of trucks to choose from once you get enough money to buy your first truck. There are real brands like Volvo and Scania, but also some made up ones like Majestic that is meant to be Mercedes. Upgrades for the trucks are also plentiful, but besides engine, transmission, and bed size, they are all cosmetic. Upgrades can get expensive and although you don't make much money early on in the game, you start making a lot more when you start hiring more drivers for your company. Also, as you level up, you can upgrade your own driving and are able to take higher paying jobs.The world itself is quite large and the expansion pack also extends the map a good amount. The world is pretty nice but most of the cities look very similar with the same general buildings in every city. Apart from that, it has some very nice and scenic views especially things like bridges and mountain roads.It also boasts a built-in internet radio function which is nice, but adding your own stations can be a pain. You can also use your own music library(I would recommend making shortcuts to your music folders if you want to do this, it saves space), but the music controls are fairly simplistic and not really meant to be played with during driving.This game also has a fairly active modding community which means that there are mods for all sorts of things in the game, such as changing the AI traffic, adding new trucks, hi-res textures, and other smaller things like camera and weather tweaks that add to the game.As for controls, mouse and keyboard work alright, but using the WASD keys to drive can get cumbersome and buying a steering wheel, which is the best option for this game, is a bit too pricey for some people. I would recommend an Xbox 360 controller for this game as it works quite well, you will need to configure it yourself in the settings though.Overall, it was designed to be a relaxing truck driving simulator, and it does a very good job of that. This game isn't for everyone; however, and if you're not sure if this is the type of game you would enjoy, I would recommend checking out the demo(I believe it's the whole game up until level 5) and seeing if you enjoy it. I would recommend everyone at least try it and it drops in price enough to justify a purchase if you find the game interesting."
,Recommended,227300,8471965,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,jjorstad2,Very good Truck Sim.
,Recommended,227300,8472061,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jamal The Beheader,Comfy as f.u.ck
,Recommended,227300,9768758,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Mexz,"I looked at this game and laughed, probably like a lot of people have. But I bought it anyways just because it was so cheap and I was curious about it. After playing it for awhile, I have found that it is actually an extremely relaxing game to play. I'm someone that likes to just go out and go on random joy rides with friends once in a while just to see where we end up, but with this, I can save money on gas and just cruise around Europe. In a freakin semi no less."
,Recommended,227300,9769234,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Nasni,"I drove trucks for 10 years part-time and I have to say that I am blown away by this simulator. I became an airline pilot and didn't have any great expectations to this game versus flight simulation, but this is a very accurate simulation to trucks equally as FSX is to aircraft. It's very fun as well and the I have a Titan card and this game maxed out looks very great and very smooth on three monitors. I actually use my flight sim yoke and rudder pedals as a gas and break combo and it works fine. You can also place your favorite music in the folder and the in cab radio plays your music crisp. It has everything imaginable and even simulates clutch and shifting with all kinds of shifting patterns and transmissions available. If I owned a trucking company and bought the steering wheel, shifters and pedals, this would be a valuable tool to use for evaluation. All kinds of options for the trucks. If your  a truck driver this is a must have. Invest in a good steering wheel, shifter and pedals and you will 100 percent feel at home on the road. I highly recommend 3 monitors on this with Nvidia surround gaming. It feels like you're really there. This is also invaluable as a trainer for backing up a tractor trailer. The physics are 95 percent accurate when it comes to backing. My wish is that they make a scenery and vehicle package for the US. I have pulled 48', 53', Rocky sets (53' with a 48' attached) and triple trailer combos and this would be a nice feature to add. I got this on sale for 6.99 and I must say it was worth that x10. I can't rate this game from mouse or joystick because I don't use them but with a steering wheel I know it's gotta be so much better."
,Recommended,227300,9769277,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Fordo,"I never stopped smileing while playing this game ! For starters thereis the fact that you can play your own music in-game ! I just can not help smileing while playing this game, now if you will excuse me, i am going to play this game now."
76561198018622488,Recommended,227300,9769392,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,LucasF7342,Great Game. I Love It
,Recommended,227300,9770449,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,lehamKDX,trucking iz very2 gudd
76561198071679792,Recommended,227300,9770677,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,jacobrocks1506,"Great game and lots of fun,  Makes me want to be a truck driver"
76561198070396171,Recommended,227300,9772697,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Supersid2007,I cant believe after all this time this game is still fun i am greatly looking forward to the american truck sim as well great job guys
,Recommended,227300,605102,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Bob,"I love this game but can't quite put my finger on why. I played the demo thinking it would be fun for a while then I would get bored and then that would be that.  Now here I am over 150 hours of game play later (that is more that I have spent on the entire Mass Effect trilogy). The game does exactly what you would expect from the title; you drive trucks and deliver freight round Europe. You save up to buy your own truck, then you start buying more garages, trucks, upgrades and hiring other drivers to work for you. You also level up your skills to get more profitable cargo to deliver. The gameplay has struck a nice balance between simulator and fun. The map and timescales are condensed so it doesn't become tedious and the rewards are nicely spaced to keep you wanting to play on. I would recommend playing the demo then you will understand the curious charm of this game."
,Recommended,227300,9774646,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,McDodge34,"This is simply an awesome game, not sure what I can say more about it, SCS software have a lot of awesome products I've played with a bunch of them and they are really awesome, I wish there was more in cab views and ways to get out of the truck and walk around it to do the usual truck inspection, but so far what we can do with this game is quite nice."
76561198119161639,Recommended,227300,9775382,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Swaluigi,I highly recomend this game. If you like to enjoy the view of the eurpoean country side you can. Im a terrible driver but I still have fun. It is acutally fun to mess up a lot. I mean a lot.
,Recommended,227300,9775834,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,BlowingSmoke247,This is the definition of Trucking Simulation perfection!!!!
,Recommended,227300,9822123,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,undercat,"Riding virtual trucks turns out to be a surprisingly relaxing experience!Unlike most simulations, this one looks polished and not outdated at all. The only point of the game is driving cargo from city A to city B and there is very little to do besides that. You can upgrade your truck and hire other people who you will never see in-game, but this gives little satisfaction. Driving, on the other hand, is very pleasant. Just watch out for traffic lights, speed limitations and other drivers, keep your lane and enjoy the soothing scenery!My biggest problem is the diversity of road elements, buildings and cargo that you come across. Eventually you'll start noticing that some of them are duplicated across the whole map and that can somewhat shatter the illusion of a huge game world, though there was still enough diversity to keep me seeing something new once in a while after 30 hours of gameplay. Another issue is that the radio player in Linux is broken and the developer doesn't seem to care (though you can always play the stream you want from a browser).In conclusion, it's a nice and relaxing game where you can forget your worries, turn off your brain for a while and chill behind the wheel. Just don't forget to tune in to your favourite podcast, or else you're risking to lose too many brain cells in the process."
,Recommended,227300,9830356,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,~ Jos ~,"It's a nice game, but the roads,surroundings etc. are almost all the same. Which makes it lame."
,Recommended,227300,9834776,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Jesterace,I would say that this is the best Big Truck Similator I've ever played. It's not very often that I am totally comfortable using the cockpit view and are able to play the game comfortable. Mind you I'm playing in countries that are Left hand drive just for familiarity. Once you tweek a gamepad for analog steering or a steering wheel you've got it made. Definitely a great game for those who like Driving Simulators.
76561198017104962,Recommended,227300,9835308,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Über Fhürer Loliipop1337,"Very good game, still some tweaks to make it better, but it's on it's way. :D"
,Recommended,227300,9539611,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Shinllers,"Probably SCS's most ambitious project up to date, still being constantly updated. ETS2 combines all the important features of SCS's previous titles, i.e. the 18WoS series, ETS1 and its various upgraded versions and merge them into a single, rock-solid experience, together with their latest technology. It's probably also the first time they introduce themselves to the mainstream gaming community.As king of the road, drive under various road conditions in a huge, tremendous open-world while listening to a series of RL online radio stations. It's a decent driving simulator featuring precise truck models, interiors, appropriate controls&feedbacks, with most of the trucks bearing well-famed RL brand names and trademarks, there're a few exceptions but you surely know what they actually are. You can buy and customize trucks, build up a fleet, hire drivers and run your own trucking empire, but the core feature is always the driving experience itself, no side tricks or other stupid challenges, just simple, pure driving fun, and as good as it gets, constantly being refined by SCS's 10+ years of experience.However there're also the tricky parts, probably subjective. Unlike previous SCS games, the road signs are hard to notice and I find myself relying heavily on the road advisor, also roads change lanes pretty often and you may frequently find yourself in the wrong lane if you don't pay attention. :)Edit: SCS has rounded up the set, MB Actros is coming to ETS2. Congratulations!"
,Recommended,227300,9776444,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,DecemBeard7,"What?! How?! Those are a few questions I asked when I found myself enjoying this game. This game is so much fun and somehow relaxing. I honestly did not think I would enjoy this game as much as I do because it's you driving a truck across Europe trying to deliver cargo, but it is really fun. Even if driving games aren't your thing as they are not really my thing, you will still enjoy what this game has to offer. You level up. You build up your fleet. You are a business manager. This game came out of left field for me and it is a welcomed change from all the games I usually play. Give the demo a try. That's how I started."
,Recommended,227300,9778330,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,triad,ETS 2 has a lot of improvements; since ETS 1 I was impressed how cool is this game.Will be nice in the future to see more countries and new features added - I'm sure SCS has a lot of things on their mind.
,Recommended,227300,9779284,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Caracarn,Can't belive im so hooked on this game but it has me locked in
,Recommended,227300,9779516,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,FIRESQUAD,best!
76561198037187603,Recommended,227300,19509576,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,adriaN5k. kickback.com,One of the best Simulator in the world!
,Recommended,227300,19519178,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Happy Plane,"I love this game. It runs great on Linux. I played 210 hours with a joypad, and recently bought a G27 to enhance the experience."
,Recommended,227300,19517277,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,PinchPeak5203,Don't bump your mouse
,Recommended,227300,19517649,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Rarsecyart,Just take a look at the reviews even most of the bad reviews are actually pretty good reviews or jokes. this game will suprise you. It's brilliant. Buy it
76561198179859243,Recommended,227300,19325121,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Homeyboy69,Love the game absolutely amazing cant wait for the new American Truck Simulator
,Recommended,227300,13629963,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Hidden_Hood,"This Is An Amzing Game. It Is Fun Trying To Complete Deliveries Or Just Drive Around With The Video Quality Settings On Ultra And Enjoy The View. This Game Sounds And Even Looks Quite Boring, But Once You Start Playing It, It Is Very Hard To Stop And Is Tonns Of Fun. If You Are Questioning Buying This Game, Just Do It. I Can Almost Garentee You Will Not Regret It."
,Recommended,227300,19400480,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,w0lfcelt,"its a great game, didnt think id enjoy it as much as i am"
76561198089984103,Recommended,227300,19399474,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,parabola207,"great game i have no arms and can drive a truck :), and some of the road marking are a little bonggers like on and off ramps on motorways other than that a great buy."
76561198215285680,Recommended,227300,19449810,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,bobby john,this is the best game i had ever! played
,Recommended,227300,19431794,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,FATAOUL,Amazing sim game !!Any plans for Greek maps?
76561198053346269,Recommended,227300,19430684,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Spank Thru,"wanna put some music and hit the road, this is the game for you"
,Recommended,227300,19456054,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Minato Namikaze[NARUTO],very good game indeed...
,Recommended,227300,19391426,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Cristi CSGOatse.com,Nice game . ♥♥♥♥ social life
,Recommended,227300,19395631,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,KingDamian*Larisa,Is a good game!
76561198041344246,Recommended,227300,19411977,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ragnar Lothbrok,"I got caught in Calais with 10 migrants on board and was fined £100,000. Would definitely do it again!"
76561198113883765,Recommended,227300,19417007,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,FLASHDECK,Where is the Turkey Paint Job İdiots ! ?
,Recommended,227300,19415156,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,愛,"An amazingly detailed, thoroughly enjoyable, beautiful game.As with many other simulator games, ETS2 will only appeal to a niche audience.The developer, SCS, has been very good with continued updates and two large expansions of the main map, as well as other minor DLC, like paint skins."
,Recommended,227300,19445914,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Robert Lixu,Awesome!
,Recommended,227300,19445992,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Palaris,For some reason driving trucks across Europe is just so relaxing...
76561198145728403,Recommended,227300,19459052,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,"""hey African, That's My Bike!""",nice game
76561198069242753,Recommended,227300,9183630,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,(SHD) Agent Vigilante,amazing game. this is why i have to do my job everyday
,Recommended,227300,9184275,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ChaoticGamer,This is a good driving simulator. the graphics outside are OK but on the inside of the truck they are AMAZING.
76561198190984413,Recommended,227300,30462736,Posted: 11 March,all,- All Red Power Rangers -💙,This is Greater European every city in Go truck Ltd too american truck simulator but it is American Experienxe Road from late 2016 fix it up change on old road.
76561198101989276,Recommended,227300,9149924,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,/Merlin\,"If you are interested in driving, like me, or are interested in running a buisness related to driving car or truck, then this game is for you. Overall the game mechanics are great, each job pays well enough to make you want to keep playing but doesnt pay enough to make the game too easy. You really get attached to the trucks you buy, you invest time and money into your buisness and your trucks.The buisness owning aspect of the game is fantastic, you can plan to start a company asap by taking out a loan, or you can save up for a while to avoid being in debt, there is so many possibilities. The graphics are great, The driving mechanic is litterally flawless and this game is as close as you can get to the real thing.However this game does have minor issues. The A.I. is very wacky, sometimes getting you into an extremely costly accident making your 1 hour journey worthless. There is no visible damge on the trucks, so you can crash head on into a barrier and your truck would look brand new. The only other problem is if you are a new player, the frequent fines can really drain your bank account.Overall I love this game, you should too, What are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,227300,8451236,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Yiff Police,TRUCK IS LOVELOVE IS TRUCKTRUCK ALL I NEED
76561198088657036,Recommended,227300,9153679,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,alex.gt.wood,awesome
,Recommended,227300,8650876,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Regular-Sized Ian,"Those who laugh at this game and its players are only missing out on a very fun, and relaxing drving experience."
76561198106314526,Recommended,227300,9221231,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Co0ps,"Wow this game is just simply amazing, back at the end of 2013 when one of my friends said ""you gotta try this"" i was a bit skeptical, but it is so much fun,Firstly forget all the other trashy sims out there, this game feels really well made, and honestly feels like you could spend all night on it, and personally have done this a couple of times. The leveling up is just quick enough that you dont get too bored, but slow enough that you can actually sit back and enjoy it. The customisation is a bit bare in places but perfectly adequite, so overall i must say that this game is well worth a play, just purely F******g Amazing 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,9221246,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,ZER029,"Love this game, lots of great potential for improvement!Suggest watching DaSquirrelsNuts YouTube channel for this."
,Recommended,227300,9223594,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,manriusz,Excellent simulator.Can't wait for ETS3.Whole Europe on the map.More realistic junctions.Full support for Occulus Rift.Maybe???
,Recommended,227300,5998771,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Kolya,10/10
76561198116060882,Recommended,227300,8822084,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,csrosselli,Fantastic game that will relax and challenge you at the same time!
,Recommended,227300,8449580,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Weenusman,"This game is quite well, featuring many new moves. With the new Euro Truck Simulator; Turning Signals! That's right folks show others where you are going by turning on the signal, indicating the direction in which you will be traveling. Do I recommend this game, I don't know you tell me. 5/35."
,Recommended,227300,4116185,"Posted: 23 January, 2013",all,aspistrel,"Wonderful simulator! If you have spent a lot of time playing ""Hard Truck 2"" then this game will not disappoint you."
,Recommended,227300,8712318,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Stasis,"I don't quite understand why a game about obeying traffic laws and making sure you get enough sleep and don't run out of gas is so engaging, but it really is. I bought my first racing wheel thanks to ETS2, which further enhances the experience. It's an odd game that I feel strange recommending, since I suspect it could be a certain neurosis that causes people to enjoy playing it, but I will defend Euro Truck Simulator 2's merits wherever and whenever my friends give me suspicious looks about it."
76561198039482476,Recommended,227300,8761629,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,SSSNIPERBEAR,"I have no idea why, but driving a virtual truck across a virtual Western and Central Europe is so much fun. Maybe it's the truck upgrades, maybe it's the greed of building a super-rich truck empire. I dunno, but I love it. All except for the fact that the radio feature (which lets you listen to internet radio from all the countries featured in the game) decided to pack its bags after an update. But aside from that, I love it!"
76561198040225403,Recommended,227300,8762966,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,daf7,THIS IS A GREAT GAME FOR SIMULATION TRUCKER LOVERS!I TOTALLY RECOMEND IT!I AM ANXIOUS FOR THE NEXT UPDATE! FOR MORE COUNTRIES AND CITIES AND DOUBLE TRAILERS!!!
76561198048856324,Recommended,227300,8886967,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,IceCity,Truckssss.... I like trucks. *-*
76561197967754769,Recommended,227300,8887903,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Executive Chairman,"Never, I am willing to wager, will you find a game that is more enjoyable, more exciting, more vibrant and at the same time sexy than this game. Anyone who has not played this game simplyhas not lived."
76561198047596186,Recommended,227300,8891026,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Tom,Great game worth the price
,Recommended,227300,9178505,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,fuck,Well.. I drove from London to Paris then back...I don't feel accomplishedI feel like it was a waste of timeI'm boredYet I'd do it again10/10 must buy
,Recommended,227300,9170679,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,(.  _ .) Big Bacon Chiang Mai,"Sex, violence, intruige and no-holds barred action come together in the years most high octane truck simulation yet. Nothing will stop one man from delivering the timely payload of justice to its destination. Experience the epitome of truck simulation technology and battle time to save your family from a fate worse than truck. Do you have what it takes?"
76561198005768534,Recommended,227300,7853412,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mihalsky,I love this game.
76561197985366744,Recommended,227300,9086205,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Hyp,Just an awesome game.Recommend buying logitech G27 racing wheel.Good graphics and tons of mods.
,Recommended,227300,9411095,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Slartibartfast,"This is a great game. If you like driving sims, or even logistics sims or both! It has Great models and textures, and makes you feel like a real truck driver. The game has a huge modding community and all the tools to mod with, including Blender support. You get to pick your jobs, drive the trucks, customize and paint your trucks. Own and run your own company. Real streaming radio for those long hauls, or just pop in a CD. Manage your drivers, and their hauls. Paint and design your own truck skin to an even greater customiztion with the use of the modding tools. This game is constantly being updated by the Devs and seem to give the comunity what it desires, they just released the beta for the new NPC driver AI and it is working wonderfully.  This is one of my all time favorite driving games, and could be for you as well!"
76561198019703562,Recommended,227300,9411602,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,meniac,AWESOME
,Recommended,227300,9412578,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,itsBinq,"AMAZING! all i need to say is that, buy now"
76561198027175949,Recommended,227300,9413860,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,bonapjarren,"This is an incredibly addictive game that you will find hard not to play. Stunning graphics, a descent leaning curve. You will probably want to invest in a decent driving wheel if you have not already got one. Can also recomend the Going East add on.There are also a load of good mods for this game. If you buy it you will get more than your moneys worth. On the downside the AI can be annoying, however SCS are planning a massive patch to sort this out, see 1.9 on their blog. So, get this game and go out and explore Europe."
,Recommended,227300,9414949,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,GORMANGO,Great fun game to laugh at and enjoy. And ruin your characters life with 100k+ debt.
76561198016955373,Recommended,227300,7793021,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Joker,Probably the best $25 I've ever spent. You'll be playing this game for a rediculous amount of time.
,Recommended,227300,9493517,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Nerezza,"Over a decade ago, I played an Eighteen Wheels of Steel truck simulator. As in, I played the heck out of it. Something about it just drew me in, I remember being impressed by the way tires could blow out, windshields could break, headlights broke individually, windshield wipers worked. The list of simulated things goes on and on.This is the same company that made that game according to what I've read about them. And that brings me to my first point, unlike other simulation games these people have been at it for well over a decade now, and it shows!If you've played Farming Simulator 2013 and enjoyed it, you could say FS13 is less than half as good as this game.Recently it was revealed they've been working on remaking traffic AI, which was the big negative point of this game. This means they've dedicated a portion of their staff to polishing up an already released game. In my opinion, this is a sign of a great future for the game and company."
,Recommended,227300,9391369,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Heistenberg,totalz amazballzzzzz
,Recommended,227300,4674648,"Posted: 22 January, 2013",all,BokeySmacon,"This gripping adventure of love and loss will entice anyone who is everyone. The stimulation of the driver's deep passion for trucking is nothing less than touching, and truly awe-inspiring. The copious amounts of destinations and the abundance of road networks will keep even the most boring of gamers entertained and addicted for a much longer time than is deemed healthy. Keep your wits about you, as this game will push your skill, endurance, and your love for driving to its limits. However, luck is not needed in this game of enjoyable and entertainment, as not one needs luck, if they are a true trucker. The peaceful and calming roads can lead anyone to enlightenment. I give this game 9.382 out of 10. It is truly an amazing game, however one can never know to true speed limit of the road, as any information is truly extinct. You should buy this game, and if you do not, well, I couldn't care less, since it doesn't affect me in the slightest. But trust me, you can discover your true self. Who will you discover? Are you, the Euro Truck Simulator?"
76561198035766288,Recommended,227300,9504453,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,twstd,AWSOME
,Recommended,227300,9470456,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,vintage_redstone,A very awsome truck sim from scs.
,Recommended,227300,9504084,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Halsey,I love this game sooo much i cant stop playing it
,Recommended,227300,3719315,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,brunoherc,A great game to unwind at the end of the day. Surprisingly fun and addictive.
76561198036212216,Recommended,227300,8299239,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ameretat,Secret shame. Ish.
76561197989698031,Recommended,227300,8299781,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Snake_Pliskin,"This is fun. Using the mouse to steer makes this the smoothest truck sim I've played to date and the scenery is well done and not too redundant. The European location is a refreshing change from the location in the 18 WOS series. Good selection of trucks and upgrades. If you like the 18 WOS series, I highly recommend Euro Truck Sim 2."
,Recommended,227300,8299857,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,kurtboob,"No idea why but I love this game, it's just so relaxing. Would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,227300,8687265,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,WolfManOfGaming,it is a fun game
76561198100616984,Recommended,227300,8688082,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Chrispbacon,"I never really had much intrest in trucks, but this game is strangley addictive. Without warning 4 hour dissapreard while I was playing the demo! The graphics are realistic and the traffic is varied with some AI divers that are better then others. I great to switch off from the real world, load it up, listen to the radio as you slowly build your company. I just hope the DLCs build on it!"
,Recommended,227300,8688308,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Hydroskull,"HEY, YOU! YES, YOU!If you have never played a simulation before, or if you generally do not like them (for reasons of stigma or otherwise), ignore pretty much all of the other reviews.I see a LOT of posts about how fantastic the simulation aspects are and how accurate everything feels. While I agree, only expounding on the qualities that make it a good ""simulation"" is NOT a good way to sell this game to the countless number of people who would never touch a simulation even if you paid them. Yes, it is a simulation, but it as much an open world driving game as NFS Undercover, Burnout Paradise, or many others. When many people think of ""simulation"", ""boring"" quickly comes to mind. This isn't that, not at all. I love the game, and I find it difficult to describe what is so captivating about it. I would liken ETS2 to less of a Lunar orbiter simulator and more of the Sims series. Not in style, but in terms of in-game entertainment and playability. I implore anyone who reads this review/plee and is hesitant to buy the game, download the demo and give it a try. You might just forget that you are playing a dreaded simulator!"
,Recommended,227300,8688724,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,ravensrule2142,good game.!
76561198007093099,Recommended,227300,8680238,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Saphire Fluex,Its a very good game bit boring at times as its more less the same thing over and over but for a simulater game i really like it
76561198060984815,Recommended,227300,8682989,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Lum,"I've played so many simulators that within an hour, I would want to drive into the nearest gas station to destroy me an anyone within my proximity. This simulator on the other hand is amazing, I would recommend it to everyone and everythig including trees."
76561198070621887,Recommended,227300,8696629,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Cpt Rogers,greate game to play for a few hours and doesnt need any internet at all. great game to play whilst downloading stuff. needa an online aswell as a singleplayer aspect.
76561198071705090,Recommended,227300,8425492,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,A Red Panda,"I dont know what it is about this game. It should be dull, drving long distances with heavy cargos, but it isn't.  Even on my poor-performance laptop with low spec graphics I have fun playing this game.People laughed at me. I got those people to play. Now it is I who has the last laugh."
,Recommended,227300,8427729,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Iron Man 360,"Beware: not the ""'cross-country drive"" simulator I thought it was: while the map is of real cities in Europe, the distances between the cities are minuscule in comparison to reality.  Sure you may not want to drive for 4 hours from Lyon to Paris, but there's not much realism to making the trip in 4 minutes instead.  That said, the actual driving is great and realistic.  Backing up a semi is fun to practice."
76561197974780016,Recommended,227300,8428135,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Gizmo256,Just turn on the radio and drive...next thing you know a few hours have passed. It's addicting.
,Recommended,227300,8428411,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Clyde,"It's basically Flight Simulator 20-whatever but for Trucks, and they've pulled it off surprisingly well. The detail, audio and models are all fantastically done, and I've even compared them with trucks in the yard where I work.Fun to waste some time with, but FPS players will get bored quite quickly and it turns into a chore, but its still worth buying!"
,Recommended,227300,8428679,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,OpticLandWhale,BUY IT!
,Recommended,227300,10412730,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Hugo Stiglitz,"Best Game Ever, So MLG PRO"
76561197993399714,Recommended,227300,1455217,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,tiger,this ♥♥♥♥♥ real nice. the attention to detail is impressive.
,Recommended,227300,10409750,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Asuka,"People think I'm joking when I say this is my favorite game, but it is amazing! It isn't quite the most realistic sim, it is the best I have played however. Just going out for a drive is so expensive nowadays, end ETS2 is perfect for that!"
76561197999481944,Recommended,227300,10421301,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Creef,"I love this game for some reason, runs awesome and hours of fun :)"
76561198136373702,Recommended,227300,10421838,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,crazymic79,"I really like this game. Very nice to look at and the driving is solid. Only downside I think is the AI drivers, they will run right up under your trailer and you get a fine for their crap driving skills and danmage to your load, so ya need a way to turn off the AI traffic. Other than that, it is the best game in the series."
,Recommended,227300,4021266,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,Астрия,классная игра для замены дальнобоев под linux
76561198094601784,Recommended,227300,10319569,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Kevin,Buy this game.The Driving is very fun and addicting.The Progression is lots of fun and rewarding.Penalitys are not to overkill very balanced.The horn works!
76561198009960007,Recommended,227300,10323809,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Fodder123,"Hi.Starting off as a trucker is a long uphill struggle, the best way to overcome the demanding hrs and finance is to start off with short haul tripp's and getting your first truck of your own and a garage soon as possible.Once you own your truck the money becomes yours.  So you can keep the truck in good order and visit your garage when in the area. Obtaining new cargos takes a while, I find it worth going for the ones that bring in the cash fast.The only down side of this simulator is the fines for any bumps and other traffic offencives. It would be so nice to be able to argue your case at court or something as many colishons or incedents are not the truck drivers fault but we still have to pay the fine??Very unfair I think..  ...Just like the real world.. Always the trukers fault it seems.. But dont dispair the game play is great and the modders out there are working very hard to make for even better simming! Good luck and Thnks Guy's!"
,Recommended,227300,10325939,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,mfurseman,This is the way to make a simulator!
76561198057306138,Recommended,227300,10354558,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Donald J Trump,Move over gran turismo this is the real driving simulator.
76561198032879428,Recommended,227300,10355327,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Happyfacee,Fun game :) If you have a weel for your computer i would recommend it
76561198044172962,Recommended,227300,10356639,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,antonio1509,I got this when it was in the sale and is one of my favourite games! There is someting wierdly satisfying about completing a job and its actually really relaxing! Buy it!!
,Recommended,227300,12071402,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Albert Hoffman,Oddly addicting. You'll spend at least 50 hours in this game.
,Recommended,227300,12084082,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,CJ,It is an amazing game BUY IT!!
,Recommended,227300,2511478,"Posted: 4 March, 2013",all,The Swayze Express,Because it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,227300,12089225,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,SniperNoSniping2,"Never thought I would get into the game, but its surprisingly fun. Specially if you downloadETS2MP.com'sMultiplayer Mod. Traffic jams are interesting to watch."
,Recommended,227300,12091269,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Landon,This Game Is Awesome Easy To Mod Fun To Play͏
76561198018684726,Recommended,227300,12076740,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Lucan,Expansion on its way ?  Multiplayer ...  Be nice if its true
76561198087109895,Recommended,227300,11994421,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,heize,A truly inspirational and wonderful piece. I cannot emphasize how beautiful this game is; it simply leaves me at a loss for words.11/10Michael's Wang
,Recommended,227300,11903995,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Peter,"Great game to pass time with and listen to music to. You can build your own trucking company from the ground up and hire your own drivers which will help you earn more money. In addition, you'll learn some geography of Europe in the process and get better at driving the more you play. Also, I HIGHLY recommend trying out the ETS2:MP modification. It allows you to play the entire game with people from around the world trucking on the road with you on a populated European server (sometimes gets over 2000 players online) or an American server (low population, maxes out like 700).Great game overall."
76561198057938384,Recommended,227300,10666312,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Filip,A fantastic choice for the experienced trucker. Play by yourself or with friends with the multiplayer mod.Happy trucking.
76561198035994127,Recommended,227300,4361843,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Dargoria,"If your looking for an action packed, thrill based adventure, filled with plot twists and dramatic revalations, this isn't the game for you. However, if you're just looking for a relaxing drive through the roads of Europe, with the radio at a low volume, and a load of cargo at your back, then go for it."
,Recommended,227300,11843972,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,ww7a,"Simply the best simulator of trucking with ability to build your own company. Buy garages, trucks for your employees and then watch rise of your business."
,Recommended,227300,10529430,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,niemand,"Damnit, bought this game. Next day, 75% discount... FML"
,Recommended,227300,10388716,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Spyke,"I personally enjoyed this game. It is what is sounds like : you drive euro trucks. But this game takes some patience. You can see well modeled trucks, they are fun to drive, but the game becomes repetitivevery rapidly. The leveling system is only useful to unlock parts for your truck, but the customization options are pretty limited (althought this problem is solved with mods). If you don't like to drive in general, this game is not for you at all. I really enjoy driving, I do it as a job, and yet still enjoy doing it elsewhere, and I still had enough of this game after a hundred hours (which is very respectable in my opinion)."
,Recommended,227300,11742272,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Olly,"Awesome game, driving around Europe never gets old, especially the progression and levelling up of your garages that add extra incentives to complete just one more delivery"
76561198043785955,Recommended,227300,11863171,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,cincodependsonyou,GET IN MYTRUCK
,Recommended,227300,7480770,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,AprilleSkye,Love this freaken game!!!
,Recommended,227300,11864885,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,PetrolEd,"Amazing game, very relaxing. If you love driving (not racing) and like trucks this is an awesome game.The guys at SCS are still updating this game, amazing!"
76561198128926786,Recommended,227300,11815603,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,SMUKSS,great game for everyone
76561198141208265,Recommended,227300,11448201,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,domallen58,"Very good game to play and chill out on, until you get your trailer damaged at when you are so closeto end of your crash free trip hahahaha meh. V.good game recommened for truck lovers or drivers."
76561198082313224,Recommended,227300,11935882,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Penguinne,Its a great game. It helps when the owner keeps on upgrading and reworking a game that is already good. Thumbs up :D
76561198112041261,Recommended,227300,9751828,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Major_Gonads,"It's got big trucks, need I say more?10/10"
76561198041618956,Recommended,227300,9752006,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Cat Driven,At first  I didnt know what all the hype was about. This game is really entertaining. i did not expect to have this much fun with this game. It is a must have if you enjoy simulation and management. The fact i got it on sale just made it 20x better :D You wont regret this buy!
,Recommended,227300,9752576,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Lexarne,Top quality simulator! I am a big fan of this title!
76561197993295672,Recommended,227300,9752613,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Cheesehead,"I really don't like to drive much in real life, nor do I really care for the thought of being a truck driver. But honestly, this game is quite good. It is relaxing, and it just feels right. Listening to the provided european radio stations is quite a unique experience, and there is quite a selection. You may also with a bit of effort, add your own. The economic model isn't anything fancy, but it good enough to provide you with a feeling of accomplishment. I even learned backing-up skills and using a trailer that translated into real driving. I hesitated many times buying this, and am quite satisfied with the purchase. Do yourself a favor, and don't miss out on this experience."
,Recommended,227300,9752911,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,ComradeSloth,"This is a brilliant game that you can just keep returning to every now and again, to do just one or two jobs. It is really calming and you can just zone out while you drive through Europe. I love the internet radio feature and I think the graphics are brilliant. I don't have a single bad think to say about this game. Excellent value for money."
76561198008851895,Recommended,227300,9753891,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,REMOVE KEBAB,Very good!
,Recommended,227300,9753917,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,The Thing,Played the demo for a couple of hours and I loved the game! When I saw the offer I knew I had to get this game!
,Recommended,227300,9754184,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,The Gaming Center- Will,"This Game is amazing! I have had this game for a few months and on my first go i won 1,000,000,000 pounds! This game has the best graphics. The minimal spects were 2.4 ghz and i only had 1.9 and the game has never crashed on me or frozen once. This is truly the best truck driving game ever. Cant wait for Euro truck simulator 3."
,Recommended,227300,9754237,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Philip Schofield,This game. I like it.
,Recommended,227300,9754252,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,lolmeercatz,voted best simulator ever made not much more to be said.
76561198070841157,Recommended,227300,9754390,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,A Caterpillar,"get this game now, this is the best simulator i have ever played, its so addictive and relaxing and it has a really good feel to the trucks and it feels like your really one."
,Recommended,227300,9754532,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Dennyboy,good game
,Recommended,227300,9754896,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,ishtmail,"Great simulator. Very immersive. Wouldn't mind the routes being more realistic in distance (it's all rather compressed and you get from one end of Europe to the other in less than one hour of driving).TrackIR is a must, and obviously a decent wheel, and if you're lucky enough to own an Oculus Rift, I'm envious."
76561198131993423,Recommended,227300,9755400,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,minecrafter20201,this is the best game ever. :-)
,Recommended,227300,9755614,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,GHOSTEYE,good game
,Recommended,227300,9752912,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,ThatTom,Great game would recomend. would also recomend the going east add on.
,Recommended,227300,9755763,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,buglord,"If you ever wanted to catch up on audiobooks or new music while having something engaging to do, this is it. I guess you might argue it might be more fufilling to do those activities on actual car rides though. Strangely entcing, being expanded upon constantly, very relaxing. Only gripe is that the game looks ugly in some areas."
76561198075097734,Recommended,227300,9756384,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,^ ^6👌 Pink,whats not to love about this game
,Recommended,227300,9756820,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Blueberry Muffins!,"I bought this really cheap on a flyer a few sales ago and I've got 94 hours in it now. Wasn't expecting that, at all. Don't want to make more of it than it is, but for what it is, it's just about perfect. I drove a truck (53' trailers and all) long-haul for a couple of years, just for reference, doing ~3000 miles a week.At speed, time passes at about one minute per second, maybe two seconds, but the driving is apparently at normal speed, they do a really good job of blending the different scales. The traffic's reasonable though it's obvious those aren't people driving, they're not nearly so smart nor nearly so stupid as the real ones. Weather's well done, the visuals are rewarding.You can get KB+M set up properly, though it's real work to do it. I've got a gamepad and don't use it for this game, this setup works that well for me.For me, getting the steering usable means turning off the system's mouse acceleration (""enhance pointer precision"" on Windows), set the in-game steering sensitivity at near minimum, steering non-linearity dead minimum. There's some weirdity about getting the initial choice of controls set properly, I have to go in and manually pick keyboard+mouse a second time no matter what I do in the initial setup.Then: view control, the mouse buttons are entirely given over to that. Get to its ""keyboard"" control settings (that should be spelled ""buttons"") and setRotate Camera (in Mouse Control): Right ButtonInterior Look Forward: Wheel UpInterior Look Up Right: Wheel DownInterior Look Up Left: Left ButtonInterior Look Up Middle: Middle ButtonI've got a M510 mouse, extra buttons on the side, I have them set on Interior Look Left and Interior Look Right which means I need the RMB only rarely. The LMB/RMB/Wheel asymmetry wasn't my first choice, it's something I arrived at.Then the rest of the buttons, non-defaults are Q and E as the turn signals, parking brake on B, exhaust brake on the spacebar, Hazard Warning F, Light Modes N, High Beam H, Beacon X, Horn V, Light Horn Z, Y is the wipers (visual onomatopoeia). (edit: engine start is ]).Set the transmission type to ""Real Automatic"" unless you're a masochist. Don't use the ""Simple Automatic"", it's just wrong. The airbrake simulation mode is a bit annoying, mine never got in the way that much, the rest of the realism options I like.Truck physics does lack a certain feel to it, but there's enough there to demand real attention to payload.  Don't go trying to deliver a heavy load to Zurich until you can afford a decent motor, for instance."
76561197998768054,Recommended,227300,9757491,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Dolphrosty,Funny thing this is actually quite entertaining..
,Recommended,227300,9781065,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Dewritos,"This is not a game, it is a lifestyle."
,Recommended,227300,9781591,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,[_Stiffler_],"About the game:------Gameplay------The game consists in a truck driver career with RPG mechanics like Exp and Perks. You start as freelance driver selecting cargos to deliver from different companies, you receive Money and Exp by type of cargo and distance travelled. The money you save you use to buy your first truck and then save more money after to buy your first truck depot who allows you to buy more truck and hire drivers for your company. As you gain level with  Exp you upgrade your driver skills with perks allowing transport more valuable cargos.------PROS-------Graphics (7/10) Truck interior and exterior fully detailed, nice sky and weather transitions.-Controls (10/10) as a simulator game, the controls responds like a real truck should be.-Music (10/10) The game allows you listen your mp3 or a online radio.------CONS-------Bad IA traffic (3/10) The IA traffic is really bad, turning lights don't cause any effect, the other drivers are just zombies who only stop on red lights or in eminent collision.-No physical damage (0/10) Despite the damage the truck or cargo can receive, there's no visible damage, the truck not even get dirty.-GPS (4/10) The GPS in the game is speechless and don't alert about radars, i just don't understand why a modern truck like these don't have a decent normal GPS like in real life.Cities (4/10) Cities are almost the same: just have a truck dealer and/or job agency, hotel and some industries nothing special.OVERALL RATING [ 6.8 ]I recomend this game if you real like trucks, bussiness management and driving crosscountry"
,Recommended,227300,9782351,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Not a god,"To sum this game up in one word: Fantastic.Euro Truck SImulator is the game you play to relax, drive down a road listening to music.Having migrated from 18 Wheels of Steel, this game is a perfect upgrade.10/10 would drive again"
,Recommended,227300,9783832,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,"A2, 2B, 9S","So addicting, the way that anyone can explore is amazing. Only 2 thing I wish there was: 1 a larger town would be nice, and 2 wish it was more like a simulator, i want deadly crash to have some kind of explosion or show the damage on the truck rather than the damage indicator. I also wish the stop light won't turn red light after like 5 second all the time. Overall the game is nice, but wish there was more put into the simulation itself in any worst case scenario."
76561198098841610,Recommended,227300,9768299,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,ChipsNdip#DobuleDipper,"This game is almost the best game ive played, its super fun, super easy.Recommmended, i baught this on the sale, now its probably 25$, still recommend this game so if you got spare money you do not know what to do with it, go buy truck simulator 2...."
,Recommended,227300,9768361,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,5 years of wasted money,Great game with hours of playability. Its pretty addicting and easy to use with keyboard and mouse. All in all i would recommend this game even  if you dont like games like this you should try it.
,Recommended,227300,9768651,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Lupid,"Good game, More for people that just like to relax abit in a game this offers that spend endless hours of just driving:D"
,Recommended,227300,11353162,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Wholebean,"This game is well worth playing and is excellent! The gameplay is rad, and the graphics are very nice!"
,Recommended,227300,11354230,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,🎀 StarOwl 🎀,Hours of fun! I've learnt to drive a trucks and run a business purely based on the skills aquired in this game.
,Recommended,227300,11343387,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,jekkis,"The idea is surprisingly good and besides the casual driving experience the game actually delivers a fun tycoon game with hours of gameplay. ETS2 does suffer from a few major things, most notably lack of multiplayer, which would be a great bonus as the core idea of the game could provide for a really good online sandbox with competing shipping companies and such. Secondly, not enough detail has been put into the game world, resulting in all the cities looking generic carbon copies of each other. You really can't see much difference between a large European trade capital or a small town in the countryside. Regardless, a laid-back game to get back to every once in a while and drive a few shipments.3.5/5"
76561198102670713,Recommended,227300,11464510,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,okeydoke,Best Truck Simulator Ever :D
,Recommended,227300,11465583,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,CamoHero,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a unbelieveibly Big game and has so much detail and I believe is the best simulator ever made. Other simulators tend to have terrible graphics, a rubbish physics engine and awful gameplay; Euro Truck Simulator 2 is has none of those. The Trucks feel and drive like trucks and you can build a huge trucking empire, It's insane! The Graphics look outstanding even on my rubbish laptop and it runs so smooth. You will never played a true simulator until you've played this. My only problem is that the AI in the other vechicles will ocassionaly break the law and almost kill your truck you've spent hours saving money for. Although that is what it'll be like in REAL LIFE but it happens a bit to often. You need to play this Game!"
76561198004045837,Recommended,227300,8444995,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,All Might,"Great game, can't really fault it. The only problem is trying to start up your own business which is a bit boring, but it is part of the game. *Further edit* good updates coming out also should of added that I bought on sale along with going east and it is definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,227300,11467098,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,BOUNCINGcharlie,if you love trucks... why didnt you buy it yet?
,Recommended,227300,11447359,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,H9K - Maehwa♛,"Brmmmmmmmmmm Brmmmmm, (some time later ) Brrrm, Crash!Thats my first time on it...Later i learned to play and it was the best simulator i had ever played in my whole life and boy it was good. The signle player is really good but gets annoying at first because cars can drive into and you get fined.Theres a multiplayer mod with no AI cars but you get to play with mates and can make a massive convoy. The other day i saw a 6 truck convoy.Id give this game a 9/10---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------See you on the Road Playa"
,Recommended,227300,11449583,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Seanmac2002,"This is a great game by far one of the best games ever. you will spend weeks and weeks, Ive already spent 70 hours playing this game."
76561198074579838,Recommended,227300,11451852,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,TheSuicideHobo,Quality boredom passer
,Recommended,227300,11454134,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,[LT] Setonas,Really cool game but i wish it show dlc's witch purchased allready
76561198053543070,Recommended,227300,11456565,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Woop,"Nice game, and lovely to play when you wanna realize things as driving! ;)"
,Recommended,227300,11458088,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,[ATS] ClydeStrickland,I love it
,Recommended,227300,11468800,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Drift_AZ,very good game cant wait for american truck sim
76561198105218626,Recommended,227300,11469138,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Montanha,"O jogo até é bom, mas o ultimo patch (29/07/11) tem um recurso que só vi aqui até hoje: são as emissoras de rádio reais da europa integradas no jogo para escutar via internet. Tem de música da Inglaterra até a Rússia, e do pop ao Metal, Muito bacana!"
76561198068015773,Recommended,227300,11472649,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,IEATSWEATERS,Its a really great game i love playing it. A lot of my friends give me crap for playing it but it doesnt bother me much i love the game and it is one of the funnest games i have played in a while
,Recommended,227300,11319475,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,BlackMan1,"you guys dont get it, this game plays like real life ygm like if you crash,♥♥♥♥♥♥gets messed up just like yo mommas pussay next time you come at me ill cut you fam"
76561198104042482,Recommended,227300,11319987,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Tom Robinson,"I always wanted to drive around a Euro Truck, now my dream is forever fullfilled."
,Recommended,227300,11321933,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Ghastlytons,I drove a truck. That was it.99999/10
,Recommended,227300,11325211,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Qwerty,"With the exception of Minecraft, I have not sunk as many hours into a game in recent times as this one. Pure escapism. Pure relaxation.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,227300,19186565,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,GrassyMoss,"Great gameplay, lots of features and different paths you can take in the game.Totally worth it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,227300,19198305,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Fane Turbo,The Turkish guys from here are like the Russians from CS: GO...
76561198074448072,Not Recommended,227300,19061866,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,blue_aviator77,"The idea and gameplay for this game is great, but if you are using PC controls it is nearly impossible to drive the trucks. I would reccomend this for anybody with a better control system (steering wheel, pedals, etc.) because the roads are realistic and gameplay could'nt be better. My only issue is that the truck is basically impossible to control if you use only keyboard controls. Its hard to control a semi by tapping keys, and everytime you do so it jerks from side to side, there is no way to stay in the center of the road.REMINDER!!!: I DO RECCOMEND THIS IF YOU HAVE OTHER CONTROL IMPUTS THAN KEYBOARD!"
,Recommended,227300,19196924,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Redlight,It is a really relaxing game if you just like to manage yourself. all you have to be concerned about is your sleep meter and gas tank.I also heard there is a multiplayer mod as well as an american truck sim coming out later.
76561198037945734,Recommended,227300,19212188,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,8ballz,"This is brilliant, it 'not all action,thrill seeking stuff, you just go about your business & that's it. So what's the big deal,... well it's very addictive in a nice way, and it just gets better & better with every update. Can't wait for the American version to come out."
76561198183146013,Recommended,227300,19205019,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,BXGDVN,Best game evah 10/10
,Recommended,227300,3271543,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Veteran85,Игруха просто супер класс
,Recommended,227300,11026086,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,astroa.,This game is life. You can crash into cars and get in debt.10/10
76561198117266601,Recommended,227300,12785631,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Wayreth,"I picked up a contract to deliver 10 tonnes of construction equipment from some city in the Czech Republic to a place in England. Right before starting my engine, I vowed to make this a clean trip, no matter what. There would be no speeding tickets and no road rage episodes. Just me, my truck, my load and some sweet music on the radio. I promised myself that, if things went accordingly to plan, I would trade in my much used Iveco for something brand new and pleasant to the ladies.Several hours later, I finally delivered my cargo. On the way, I managed to get two speeding tickets, one count of crash offense, one episode of road-raging at my computer screen while my wife looked reproachfully at me, and one head-on collision against a stupid motorway divider at speeds well in excess of 90kph.10/10 would not trade this game for any racing simulation on the market.Pros:You can shout ""Shut up woman. Can you not see I'm driving my truck?""Cons:You cannot fire missiles at other cars.You cannot pick up hitch-hikers and tell them your stories.You cannot go to a library and buy a book. Also, you cannot go to a brothel.Shouting Fus-Ro-Dah will not clear incoming traffic."
,Recommended,227300,19177736,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Gonetopot3,Goog game really
,Recommended,227300,14130471,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,M3T4L5TORM,Cool game recommend/ thumbs up
,Recommended,227300,19178598,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,✪ Cubix,I can play with my friends and it runs verry well on many devices .. in my opinion . :D
,Recommended,227300,7028624,"Posted: 5 February, 2013",all,V12,The best truck simulator ever.
76561198175845214,Recommended,227300,30583876,Posted: 17 March,all,freeways7,Great game
76561198008779508,Recommended,227300,19180388,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,IchariuS,"one of those games that caught me by surprise. I got it on a sale,  next thing I know I am buying a driving wheel with pedals a red cap and bunch of wooden toothpicksI am truckin fine now got a few drivers under the thumb working for me 24/7 and money is flowing easily, and I get a chance to view the beautiful scenery of west Europe."
,Recommended,227300,19166414,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,^6Kayne Westy ^4,"One of the greatest simulators ever made. Map is huge, trucks handle great, awarding. What else would you want from a truck driving game?"
,Recommended,227300,11537430,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,ryusenshi ™ ©®,one of the best simulators ever you must try this and buy this because it's a must have i tell you it's one of my favorite games anyone who loves simulators should get this game :D
,Recommended,227300,11539130,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,BioRu$$,Excelent game if you enjoy simulators
,Recommended,227300,11396164,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Ein Schlechter Tag,i recomend this to everyone it is the best simulator game ever and simulaters are bad. 3-d is great customizations are great and    can be very playabal after a will so play allready
,Recommended,227300,11514150,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Amalgroki,Great for watching podcast
,Recommended,227300,11519134,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Shoot Your Load,This is a very good game but they need to improve the A.I
76561198014922410,Recommended,227300,11521935,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Marty Xi,"Great Truck sim and its always improving, really fun to play with a g25-g27"
,Recommended,227300,11524029,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,bowbow3210,it is fun
,Recommended,227300,7033391,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,A',"It's just great. Even if you don't think it is, it is. :)"
,Recommended,227300,11400889,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Mug Constanza,"very good game i enjoy it so much, it has real weather effects with the raining and thunder. Can create your own truck business hirer other truckies to work for you. the trucks do damage very easily if you hit them and it does cost alot which is so much to real life.Just wondering if you guys should add like emergency vehicles driving around to seem a bit more real. and also when it rains to have some window wipers that wouold be awesome."
76561198056822579,Recommended,227300,11402353,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Ram,cause trucks!
,Recommended,227300,11402509,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Halo1m,this was the best purchase i have made in a long♥♥♥♥♥time. THE MULTIPLAYER MOD IS ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥IC! IMAGINE JUST CAUSE 2 SIZE MULTIPLAYER! ITS ADDICTING AS ♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,227300,11404136,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Nyx,AWESOME GAME ALL HAIL EURO TRUCK
,Recommended,227300,3792865,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Gamer Guy Steve,"This game is oddly (and frighteningly) very addictive.   Highly recommended.  You can try the demo for free on Steam.   The demo is a fully functioning game, but is time-limited.  It should easily allow you enough time to dermine if the game is worth purchasing.  If you are fortunate enough to have a Logitech G27 (which I do not), it's pretty much a no-brainer since it will give you one more justification for spending so much money on a gaming wheel. :D"
,Recommended,227300,11407454,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Diegovano [ELGB],"This game is amazing, really well optimized, flooded with details and is so well made that is is extremely hard to stop playing it.Definitely recommend it to other people!"
76561198145605177,Recommended,227300,11424768,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Tavicone,Very realistic simulator.
,Recommended,227300,11426226,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,HOSTILEAUTISTIC [REAL.PROPER],just play it
76561198098404197,Recommended,227300,11427085,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,lamunopo,"Wanna have a trip over Europe? Let´ go then. If you like driving and have no opportunity to do so in real world this game is just perfect. It is no racing like all other driving games but quite realistic, try crashing once in a while.... Which makes it good to just have a drive and listen to you favourite music, podcast or audio book."
,Recommended,227300,11430051,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,➷IBarışAĞAOĞLU➹,This Game Really Good Road's - Garage's - Truck's - People's Really Good And The City Has Way Too Much And I Get a Lot Of  Roadholding Excellent...
,Recommended,227300,6817531,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,Trottarian,"As truckdriver my self, I find this entertaiment. I hope they can develop it more, like expand to scandinavia, spain and portugal. And more roads. :) I hope to see bus driver as well from SCS software."
76561198010366377,Recommended,227300,11431829,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Maverati,A trucking great sim!
76561197992941516,Recommended,227300,11418771,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Oaklock,"I watch the video of ETS2 several times before I finally purchased it.  The game is extremely addictive and relaxing.  However, if you are using a keyboard/mouse, the game can be frustrating at times.  Therefore, a gaming wheel is must have and can be very expensive.  I recommend buying a good gaming wheel before you purchase."
,Recommended,227300,11810676,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,_ N Y A N,Best simulation game I ever played! Vast amounts of mods and ETS2MP makes this game more exciting!
76561198047606688,Recommended,227300,11289980,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Rhys Chandler,"A nice little simulator game. It doesn't look next gen, and it can be cheated upon, but it does allow you yo have freedom of choice and independance and that's what I like in a game. 8/10 Nice Game"
76561198011237957,Recommended,227300,11293735,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,nigga with a rocket launcher,"This game is the one of the best sims ive played, and the jobs that take you all the way across Europe are just entertaining. I highly reccomend this game, its a must buy for any sim nuts out there"
,Recommended,227300,11295233,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,ertekinsoft,vehicles and environment doesn't take graphichal damage. All of the accident sound are the same sound. Except these euro truck simulator 2 is awesome game I realy like it. Multiplayer mod is great.
,Recommended,227300,10614386,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gh0sTeX,Good Game.Graphics are boss.94/100Best trucking game ever
76561197970426561,Recommended,227300,11785623,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Twelvepak,"Just recently picked this one up.  I have no idea why I love it so much, but I do.  It's yet another one of those partial games that feels largely incomplete.  Not much to do other than pick a job, pick up the trailer, drive it to it's destination.  I love it, but again, don't know why."
76561198025876385,Recommended,227300,11787748,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Hunas,At heart its kinda stupid. But I love the crap out of it. great game
76561198054613674,Recommended,227300,11788142,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,wam86,"Very good game! It takes a bit to get used to the driving, but the real fun is expanding the company!"
76561198080016516,Recommended,227300,11789919,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Cid highwind 77,"It's the best driving game I've ever played. ETS2 is such an engrossing, relaxing and satisfying game to play. I highly recommend it to everyone, even people who aren't fans of driving games. It's the best simulator there is, too. Haul those loads! Keep on trucking!"
76561198136480128,Recommended,227300,11603362,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,themutt,I played shooters for a long time. wanted somthing more casual. As I used to drive Truck years ago I decied to try this one.I found it excellent and relaxing for me. it's well designed. I recomend this Game. you can take a trip and never leave home.
,Recommended,227300,11604209,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,LukeCreed,"Liked :The game is the best simulator money can buy as if you ever felt like you want to be a trucker but your too young or can't be bothered to go out and do all the training this is the game for you but the money isn't real (bummer). The game is simple, highly detailed and very smooth to run (need a good pc to run it though). Another good thing is how it feels like your actually in the front seat of a truck driving from place. There are some really beautiful mountings with long tunnel going what has an amazing effect with the flashing lights inside the truck cab as what would happen in real life.Disliked :  (There are more fix's than dislikes)The speed limit need to be fixed as the new update where it has the speed in the bottom right but the road signs tend to be higher also the A.I. (unmanned cars/trucks) need to be fixed like wait at the right distance for you to pull out or driving into when they have made a slight move past the wait point and pull straight into you. They need to also add more weight to the vehicles as large trucks can pull away like a feather and go for 20 - 60 in a blink. All the roads seemed to feel like the same to the last even is your in the UK or Germany. They need to also fix the on and off ramps like from Southampton to London as I have been on that route a lot but I didn't remember see on and off ramps like those with the long curvy ramps. Would you add some more feel truck skins what may not have to be fancy but just so there is a large choice of what have."
76561198140495894,Recommended,227300,11604402,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,TNTKing1000,I love Euro Truck Simulator 2 and it is the best simulator game I own. I would say that my speed is in mph and when I am in a kph zone the thing that tells you what speed to go at and when it is 30mph it says 31mph. I also think before you buy the trucks you should beable to test drive them. Over all it is a good game.
,Recommended,227300,11604631,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,agent j,i love these games
,Recommended,227300,11605013,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Dilbo Shaggins,fun
,Recommended,227300,11690842,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,PinkGrind,"It's great so far! I love it!If I can quote Jeremy Clarkson: ""Being a lorry driver is hard...Change gear, Change gear, Change gear, Change gear, Murder a pr0stitute. Check your mirrors. Change gear, Change gear, Murder. Check your mirror... That's a lot of effort in a day!"""
76561197960933966,Recommended,227300,11691989,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,gerbl [on vacation],"It is heaps of fun driving trucks and delivering stuff. Lots of cool roads all over Europe, but I really liked trying to pass cars on the narrow, windy, hilly Scottish roads.The AI is a little ""special-needs"" though."
76561198116551313,Recommended,227300,10809086,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,thgreats,Woow Nice Simulator xD So cheap  now (Y)
76561198066670316,Recommended,227300,11694783,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,DJDajn,"Many trucks, driving stuff, many fun"
,Recommended,227300,11695259,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu,"I know the title sounds boring. To a lot of people, this game might really be boring, but for me, it isn't. But it's still more exciting than the title might suggest. For everyone.[7/10]"
,Recommended,227300,9799815,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,El Azz0,"Love this game, would personally recommend to anyone who loves a good ole' driving simulator."
76561197995278622,Recommended,227300,10109597,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Acidburns112,I have just got home from a road trip from Debercen In Poland. The packages are delivered and I have been paid. I'm exhausted. I am truly enthraled that i have made it in one piece. My mind is still travelling at 55mph with a wurring sound in the background which sounds identical to a scania truck's engine. ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC!!!!
,Recommended,227300,10110848,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Sima,I have hit lvl 20 and even play with Peterbuild/kenworth mods. The game is a lot of fun expecially once you have your own truck and can go where you want. I would love to see expanded map to even more locations and look forward to the American version.If you like simulators then you will love this game. Even if you are new to simulators this game is a great starting game.I recommend this highly to all!
,Recommended,227300,10168943,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,shinobu_loli,10/10 Must Play
,Recommended,227300,10170920,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,FrozenOneOne,Be aware of the UK 'reverse world' logic! Drive up the LEFT ramp of the highway!
,Recommended,227300,10179312,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,✪ ICTuS,"Great game!, gets a bit boring though"
,Recommended,227300,10172411,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Rodcal,Great truck Sim!!
,Recommended,227300,10173373,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,The Grime Minister,Truckin
76561197982670688,Recommended,227300,10175307,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,obiewon,Its good.
76561198058581135,Recommended,227300,10175423,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,jimtheace,Yes Yes Yes !!!
,Recommended,227300,7858129,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Dennis Smith,"Best truck simulator physics. Not north american, and not multiplayer, but its got all the key features. Graphics are pretty good too. Try them demo!"
,Recommended,227300,957821,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Skwert,"All the excitement of driving, plus backing up!!"
,Recommended,227300,10181044,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,cummingsanthony,The only thing with the new DLC. They havent got a welsh flag :( you guys should do it :)
,Recommended,227300,10182318,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Dally Dragon,In real life I don't like motorway driving and don't like driving anything bigger than my Fiat Panda. Also I have never been interested in trucks but I have seen this on offer a few times and felt strangely drawn to it so I tried the demo and have been addicted ever since.
76561198051660468,Recommended,227300,5544842,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,demons85,для фанатов серии ets
76561198099675739,Recommended,227300,10194499,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Gambino,This is one of the most fun Virtual Reality experiences I have ever had in the Oculus Rift headset.  Check out my VR video review.http://youtu.be/9gI32oa9r0I
,Recommended,227300,10200457,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,lovescakemix,you drive a truck. you have a button for your turn signals. I cant seem to stop playing
,Recommended,227300,9241145,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Big Bird,"This game is strangely addictive! I started out my company, saved up to buy my own truck, and now have employees and a pretty decent Volvo truck! This game is pretty much a trucking RPG. It's well worth the money!"
76561198105192316,Recommended,227300,9405482,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,TheWildFrenchFry,This is a great game and I recommend it to anybody who likes driving simulator games
,Recommended,227300,4849906,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,Mulaparapkus >-|о,"Отличная игра! Если вам нравится что нибудь перевозить, это для вас!P.SКто может,помогите! Руль Logitech driving forse GT, в настройках игры педаль тормоза всегда нажата, а на самом деле она стоит в стандартном положении!Напишите мне в профиль, если не трудно!"
,Recommended,227300,9334985,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,SDCK Spreijer,"I just love driving the truck, no idea why, but you always know there's a road waiting for you, at the comfort of your home. You can just drive and forget about all worries, relax, put your mind on something else. With mods you can make your all of your trucker dreams come true.10/10 Looking to visit NA next time.SCS software pls."
76561198103327238,Recommended,227300,9422229,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,ardevor01,This game is fantastic
,Recommended,227300,29472845,Posted: 24 January,all,Alexander ✔,"A very relaxing game. I've enjoyed playing hours into this game, the only thing that makes me mad is when I crash :P"
76561198004482602,Recommended,227300,2238683,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,Nunyah,"If your an adult and drive commercially for a living!? And you like playing vids on your down time? Give this one a try! Its VERY close to the real thing.  Even if you dont drive a commercial vehicle, if you know how to drive!? Then you may find this a lot of fun. It could even be used as a training tool if used properly. VERY addictive. A lot of fun."
76561198019305519,Recommended,227300,9439974,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,fur0r3,"This simulator is a world apart from other ""simulators"" out there. Unlike bus simulator, rescue simulator, towtruck-simulator or your general ""pick-any-job-possible-and-make-it-a-simulator"" simulator, this actually follows in the footsteps of 18 wheels of steel and Haulin (Of course ETS1) and.... yes... made it better!Recommend a wheel and track-ir or the sorts for this. But a friend of mine plays it with controllers and found it surprisingly playable. You start out with no truck and have to work your way up to get your own, then a second, a garage and finally some drivers for your surplus dustcatching trucks. You can have up to five trucks per garage and I have not counted the amount of garages..I give this a solid 8 /10.They still update this game so it only gets better. And the community is thriving atm.There are tons of mods out there for this wich extends its playability. And adds gameplay, map areas, trucks, trailers ai cars and tuning and styling parts. Tired of driving a semi? Try a tandem mod.. I recommend pro-mods witch ads scandinavia and a couple more areas to the map and they have really gone far to get it to look good. You only get this from their website tho (promods dot net). Jazzycat has some awesome mods too and you find them at dedicated ets2 mod websites. The list goes on. I also recommend to add some extra trucks.I recommend to backup the mod folder when it works. And be careful not to install too many at one time. There are mods that bug and crash the game and many are not updated to the latest gameversion. That being said: I have about 50 mods installed and the game works fine.And of course I can not wait until the multiplayer mod is finished! THAT will give this game a couple of more hours behind the wheel.Happy truckin. Honk Honk!"
,Recommended,227300,9312282,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Zelpp,I was not sure but after tried it its a good truck simulator. So relax.. you can set webradio too ;)You can buy this game often in sale with humble bundle store.
,Recommended,227300,10653499,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Puppy,"Goodness another simulator. Or is it? ETS2 is one of the bst simulators that I have ever played. It allows you to travel all over Europe and see all the beautiful scenery of each country. At some points, yes, it is grainy and the graphics are a bit naff but to be brutally honest, I don't reeally care! Just stick a Spotify (other music sites are available) plalist on and enjoy one of the best road trips of your life."
76561197977587262,Recommended,227300,10654700,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Drixxia,Really nice and fun game :)
,Recommended,227300,10655852,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SlyRebirth,"Unexpectedly good. Bought it on a whim, and very glad I did. Kinda relaxing, good handling model, and even if you think this isn't the sort of game you'd see yourself playing, you might be surprised. Building up a trucking empire, hiring other drivers, levelling up your drivers... it's all in there."
76561198033109716,Recommended,227300,10027058,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Fishbonethedog,10/10 would bang
76561198075272806,Recommended,227300,10646129,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Arctiix,Even though these games can get boring they are strangly addictive.
,Recommended,227300,10647892,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lovensky,Best. Game. Ever.
76561198030765838,Recommended,227300,10595199,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,AntiValKilmer,"Is Euro Truck Simulator 2 fun? I'm not sure. What I am sure of is that I've spent more time playing it than any other game I picked up during the summer sale thus far. But why is it that when I should be riding techno dinosaurs in Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon or building a group of survivors in State of Decay I am instead carefully driving a load of logs through the English countryside, listening to French radio and checking my mirrors every time I want to change lanes? I have no real way of putting it into words. I guess because it evokes a sense of calm. If you've got the right music playing and you're in the groove on the highway, it suddenly becomes easy to fantasize about the simplicity and peacefullness that is being a trucker.Maybe an easier way of putting it is to compare it to the game Zen Bound. Do you remember that game? It was an iOS game in which you turned a piece of wood around and around in an effort to wrap a paint covered string around it. The developers advertised it as a cathartic experience because while there was a ""win condition,"" the game didn't time you or really penalize you for losing. It was all about focusing your brain without applying stress to it. That's what Euro Truck Simulator 2 is. Its funny that such a meditative experience hides behind something so apparently boring as driving a truck, and maybe the developers themselves didn't really understand the effect experiencing their game would have on the player. In that sense, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a happy yet unlikely twist of fate. After a busy day I like the idea of driving through a sun dappled countryside listening to the radio over stressing about whether or not I have enough ingredients for a fire before nightfall in Don't Starve.Of course this is a assisted by the tremendous level of nuance applied ot the game that begins to expose itself the more you play (although these will all sound pretty dumb to someone who's not already on this game's level). Constructions sites will come out of nowhere, there will be heavy traffic in areas where there shouldn't be. The AI has its flaws certainly, but on the whole its extremely intelligent. One time I got to an intersection where another guy stopped to my right at pretty much the same time. I tried  to give him the right of way, but he just sat there waiting for me to go. I inched out, and oh he inched out at the same time. Inch, inch. Part of me wished I could just wave to my computer screen ""go ahead, go ahead."" The subtle realsim in a moment like that is incredible, and its compounded by the fact that the radio that you're listening to (if you're listening to one of the game's streams) is real. You're not getting some recycled GTA radio tied to the game, RTL 2 is actually streaming from France, including commercials, traffic updates (I think, I don't speak French), morning zoo bits making fun of politics and their very own jingle (""Rrr tee lll duuuuu!""). Its constantly changing with the times and feels current, and you have no idea what kind of spell that can cast in a simulation game. It actually makes me want to try it with the Oculus Rift, if the gods of Zuckerberg ever decide to grace the unwashed nondeveloper masses with it.Oh, and ♥♥♥♥ roundabouts."
76561198065761517,Recommended,227300,10648920,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PeAceGaGa,oK
76561197978038394,Recommended,227300,10649336,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Fuzzy Peach,"This game might seem like a boring concept, but when combined with copious amounts of alcohol it becomes Drunk Driving Simulator 2 which is much more entertaining. 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,10651136,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bondfreak007,I love this game the ultimate sit back and relax game.  I just hook on kick up the radio and fly down the road its a great way to just chill.
76561198025224929,Recommended,227300,10658669,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,twinprime,Inexplicably fun!
,Recommended,227300,827074,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Tinwhistler,"This game is addicting. I don't even know why the heck I find it fun, but I do. There is something soothing about driving cargo from location to location, while growing your trucking empire."
76561198055452296,Recommended,227300,10663231,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,susurrus,I've played other Truck Simulator games. This one seems most realistic.
,Recommended,227300,10664762,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,It's Alan with 2 A's,"Don't but this expecting to drive a truck around shooting wieners, your buying a truck simulator, deal with it. Good tho"
76561198081509485,Recommended,227300,10664947,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MJ,"Very good, bought on steam sale for a low price. Hours of enjoyment."
,Recommended,227300,10494560,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Dirty Dad Dicks,"Awesome game! very fun and pretty carved out, i just wish that Ireland was available and that they had American trucks for sale. I would reccommend this game to anyone with friends because you can get the Multiplayer mod and it is a very exciting adventure online with friends. the AI in the base game are pretty awful and you will find yourself victim of many stupid fender benders as the AI like to throw themselves at you. just like real life!!!! 9/10"
,Recommended,227300,10425812,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Siq Niggz,"A very great game for anyone interested in simulated driving games, very realistic and would heavily recomment. 9/10."
,Recommended,227300,8585537,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Creepyzoy,"Get this game. There is alot you can do besides just drive of course you are stuck in your truck but there is dlc and this game is still under development, so SCS will be adding alot more to it so get it and play it alot."
76561198126195091,Recommended,227300,10431231,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,BamBooJack,nice game
76561198105555868,Recommended,227300,10432528,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,jboy292,Amazing Game!! Developers put a lot of time into this one. Buy play it now!!!
,Recommended,227300,7953614,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Noble Confidant,"Maybe the first ETS was a little boring, but the second one is a masterpiece! Trucks, roads, tons of fun - what else do you need? Oh yeah, I forgot about driving at the roofs of buildings :)"
,Recommended,227300,11952540,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,-☆ẞ-{-TCT-}Lunar Sniper,This is an addictingly good game. I reccommend this to anyone who likes driving simulators.
,Recommended,227300,11953723,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,cheembucket,s0 g00d
76561198011969715,Recommended,227300,11955090,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Discipline Daddy,"Grab a 6-pack, and just relax as your deliver cargo langorously to various European cities.It's a big stress reliever; plus, I've learned how to park a trailer in real life!"
,Recommended,227300,12067898,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Hamers,The game to rule them all. There's nothing better than relaxing with a drive from London to Paris while listening to BBC Radio 4. Genuinely one of my favourite games of all time.
76561198007435770,Recommended,227300,2444651,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,varsi,"Красиво, реалистично, временами затягивает 8.5/10"
76561198036497728,Recommended,227300,10608781,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,skadanax,"Surprisingly enjoyable.the game looks good, very large and very relaxing."
,Recommended,227300,12101417,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,aileron_stahn,"This is definitely one of the best game I have ever bought.I recommend this game because this game has a decent graphics, relaxing gameplay, tons of trucks modifications, especially if you like driving simulation, this is a game for you."
76561198020852294,Recommended,227300,9618491,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,spiritwulf1959,"As an ex lorry driver, i find this sim extremely realistic. however i find that there could be some improvements to the game to enhance the realistic feel to the game, ie through add on's or patches, such as more seasonal wheather, more AI pedestrians, more realistic road systems ie towns and villages, side roads, and narrow roads that really get you working with the angles and other factors to test the truck driver, one last idea is what an amazing game this would be if it had photo realistic scenery."
76561198080549281,Recommended,227300,9624287,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,NFLD,I got rep off. When i buy the DLC and stream it did not go into the game. (i buy the game on stream workès fine. bur its the DLC going east.) i want my money back!!
76561198120562357,Recommended,227300,9636939,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,mom2dylan2005,yes because if you want to be a truck driver it helps you
,Recommended,227300,8339790,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Masaj Marod,"You know what.. I was skeptical at buying this too. Glad I did though! You ever two wheeled a MAN truck while hauling fragile explosives in a thunderstorm while listening to your favorite pod cast? Me either until I got this game. Its slightly repetitive but the mod world adds some spice down the road. I enjoy this game using eyefinity or nvidia surround.. such scenery, so truck, much ambience, wow. Wish I had an extra wheel to give this thing a shot and add more realism."
76561197991225284,Recommended,227300,8339876,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Biral,"Awesome Game. Grab a Drink, and relax because you are in for the long haul."
,Recommended,227300,882046,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Murray,"Fantastic game, great when you don't want to play your typical FPS or anything like that, great to just chill out on and relax. Haven't had this much fun on a game in a long long time, would recommend you buy it!"
76561198040956909,Recommended,227300,8846214,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Celestial Being,This game is very good and strangely very addicting. I can't stop playing it.
76561198085094986,Recommended,227300,8848044,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,xXxREBELOxXx,wow this game is realistic and fun.
76561198000369326,Recommended,227300,7877148,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,chaospockets109,"Okay, okay, okay.Don't knock it. If you're like me, and enjoy driving for relaxation, this is an awesome game - perfectly captures the meditative quality of driving at night, in the rain, with the steady thrum of the engine and the rhythm of the wipers. Strangely beautiful. Combine this with a surprising degree of depth (changing from MPH to KPH when you leave England, getting used to driving on the other side of the road, learning to differentiate between engine braking and air braking) and you've got the most weirdly compelling game I've ever played."
,Recommended,227300,8836472,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Dcole7299,"This game is very realistic, at least I think it is. Some people may disagree with me; heck I'm not a truck driver so I don't know all the different buttons and such. But I think it was well designed. Just it gets boring after awhile of just driving a truck all the time. Especially when you get to the longer distance drives. I literaly almost fell alsleep while driving at 90km with cruise control. To my surpise I only went onto the dividers, and damaged my truck pretty bad."
76561198082282827,Recommended,227300,8840627,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,SICCSE7EN,"This game is not your average simulator, this is a good game! Simulators fall in to 2 catagories 1) they're shockingly bad and sometimes hilariously bad. or 2) they're super complicated the leave you in a millitary grade jet with thousands of switches and no help. This game can be as close to simulation as you want, you can buy a wheel and play it with a H-Shifter with realistic physics mods and have it be close to real. You start off doing quick jobs in company trucks, earn enough to buy your own, then buy more garages, more trucks, hire drivers and build an empire.Playing on a keyboard with gears:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfxjoj1yB9U"
,Recommended,227300,9074100,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,▼Mayze6,its a good game!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,9075543,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Abradolf Lincler,It's just so strangely addicting.
76561197998018133,Recommended,227300,9076579,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,^^POS^^Colonel_Queer,"The idea may seem rather boring, and it certainly can be at times, but the game delivers exactly what it promises. If you want a truck driver simulation game this will have just about any feature you can hope for."
76561198052374808,Recommended,227300,8896926,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Banana Hammock,"Great relaxing game, fun to just sit on the couch and cruise.  Runs great on my high end rig and even decent on my A10 Integrated computer."
,Recommended,227300,8898818,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Greeny,I think i enjoy this game more than i should...
,Recommended,227300,2044133,"Posted: 17 April, 2013",all,Evil Dr Foetus,"It's hardly Live for Speed or GT, but there's something very Zen about ambling from one city to another, easily the most relaxing game I own."
76561197983836258,Recommended,227300,8791367,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,j_graack,This is the best simulator game ever
76561198099045298,Recommended,227300,8791418,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,SamPepper,It's A Great Game And Its Freaking Funny As Hell You Get To Drive A Truck And You Can Run In To Car Accidents. Also Not Only Funny But Just Amazing The Graphics Are Good. And If Your Into Car Companies And Truck CompaniesTHIS IS YOUR GAME
76561197996549695,Recommended,227300,8792433,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Eternal_Warrior,"So slow to get started but if you like grinding, this might be one for you. Bank loans are the key! Theres a good life lesson..."
76561198065534276,Recommended,227300,8792517,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Dr. Phlox,"This game is strangely addictive. I can't believe how many hours can melt away while I make deliveries around a beautifully constructed Europe. If you enjoy driving sims, you should definitely check this one out!"
,Recommended,227300,9124162,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,LowQuality,"I love this game! Looks great, and plays great. I never have problems with it unless I install mods. Great work SCS!!! Can't wait to see what you have in store for American Truck Simulator! :D"
76561197994296031,Recommended,227300,9096924,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,PedoBear,definfinatly not for every one but it has a very good econimy system and is much mor causal
,Recommended,227300,9101127,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,~QG~Second ACCNT,10/10 would truck again
76561197971079985,Recommended,227300,9101366,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kruztee,"There's something about ETS2 that makes it mellow and relaxing to play. No real challenge or difficulty - just jump into the cab, pick up your load and hit the highway. Scenery might be nicer if it weren't so generic, and the AI traffic can be a bit silly at times, but for the most part it's enjoyable and relaxing to play.8/10"
76561198124918431,Recommended,227300,9102567,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bucas,Nice game :)
,Recommended,227300,9132698,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Adel,Therapeutic
,Recommended,227300,9132783,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Rigoletto,Ths iz bst gam pls erybody ply ervyday i doze.
,Recommended,227300,9134573,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,PrincessSugarTit,"For a trucking sumulator, this is the best i have ever played. I have Played Older games that SCS Software have made, and this is the best. For me its a hands down a 100/10 game, yes it is that great! the games is made so well that the truck feels heavy when you drive it, and it looks really great! So my conclusion is that if you are looking for a trucking simulator, This is the best in the gaming industry. :)"
76561198012754660,Recommended,227300,9134956,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Richard Nixon,I love this game!! Very relaxing and refreshing to drive through the countryside's of Europe. Nah... it's way more fun to put on some fast paced Elvis music and plow through vehicles with your 30 ton weapon on wheels. My rating: A+
,Recommended,227300,9137569,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,✪ Carter,"GREAT GAME! I never imagined that driving a truck all over Europe was so much fun! But it is!! I haven't been playing it for long, but I have really gotten into it. Great graphics included inside the truck and also the surrounding countryside.One bad point is that the AI cars are pretty rubbish and they don't actually think like normal drivers, on many occasions the AI vehicles have pulled out in front of me at a junction and I've crashed into them, or sometimes missed them by swerving and slamming the brakes on."
76561198123983739,Recommended,227300,9085004,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,PilotStorm08,because why not
,Recommended,227300,9085478,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Vinnyzera,"If you are looking for game with a lot of action, high speeds and adrenaline, do not buy this game. This game is recommended for people that are looking for a game tha brings reality. This is a real simulator, it is not like Farming Simulator, Car mechanic simulator or other famous simulators. This is a real simulator, graphics are only goode if you play it on High or Ultra, i didn't see much of a difference between high an ultra, i think that the only things that change are the sun's reflections on the road and the details of the truck's panel (which look amazing if you're gonna play this game on Ultra). Well, that's it. Below you can see my review of the game:Gameplay: 9,6Graphics: 9,8Story: 5,2Immersion: 8,8Sound Immersion: 7,1Interactivity: 10TOTAL: 8,4 out of 10"
,Recommended,227300,9085868,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Whiskey,"A fun, albeit rather shallow, driving simulation that I keep finding myself coming back to. You can buy and upgrade a couple handfuls of trucks from the big European manufacturers, buy and expand garages, hire drivers, and build a big Euro transport business.Could use some more features to round it out, but it's got all the basics. As a real truck driver, I endorse this game. Looking forward to the rumoured American or North American Truck Simulator."
,Recommended,227300,8813304,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,vetos,♥♥♥♥ yeah dude you drive trucks AND get euros. build your trucking empire across all 3 major european cities and become herr truckmeister
76561197995656540,Recommended,227300,1633418,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Billybigspuds,A seemingly pointless game that is for some reason absurdly compelling.
76561197981411675,Recommended,227300,8942138,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Caxx,"Simple, sweet and sooo addictive!"
76561198021671754,Recommended,227300,8947840,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Antis,It may not seem an interesting game at the first sight. But I was surprised how many hours I have spent on this. This is a budget game but the stimulation is very well-made and you can really feel the weight of the truck. The level system is simple but will make you get addict to this game.
,Recommended,227300,1302517,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Zombinomicon,Surprisingly fun!
76561198061468872,Recommended,227300,9065092,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,jlondon1984,I love this gamei played the demo and i love it i play for about 3hrs of the demo or more so i bought the gold bundle today and i am so happy i did it runs even better then the demo but i will say to play the demo first before buying it
76561198103934046,Recommended,227300,9066626,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,[PLS]DONTHACK,"This is a very-very good truck simulator. I can only recommend for the all people who like the driving simulators. The well-known producters are here. Various list have for the different types of driving goals. So you can choose the right truck to the actual work.There are two way to the earn cash: drive (1) with your own trucks, or (2) with corporate trucks. Just undertake some freight like (2), and you can earn enough money to buy trucks, garages, drivers to your own corporate. You can tune up your trucks optical/phisical tuning.You'll not bored this game. You can drive in Europe. Buy the dlc-s, and drive on a bigger map or tune up with custom paints your truck.The graphic is really nice and detailed. You can feel you as a really truck driver.Plus features: you can import your favorite musics to the game folders, and then you can listen it. (This is similar solution to the GTA SA ""own Radio"" in the cars.. if I'm right.) That is good thing, but if you have only an average (not spec gamer) pc, then I don't recommend to this, because this is can be slow down your processor work. So better way that if you listen your music with WMP (Windows Media Player) or QuickTime or something like that.Summary I give a big YES to this game! ^^Thanks for it! ;)"
76561198070295338,Recommended,227300,9067679,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,remipower,This game is just amazing! Play it to find out what the best simulator in the world is like!
76561197980259627,Recommended,227300,9068509,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Roxxorsmash,Relaxing and fun. Go for it.
76561197977540832,Recommended,227300,9071850,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Tantric,"Thinking about buying this game?  Do it.  I was actually quite impressed with it, it includes some overall meta-game elements (like managing a trucking company with several trucks and hiring drivers to drive them) but also does a fantastic job with an expansive open world that I've barely had a chance to explore.  Keep in mind that time is sped up significantly (because it's a game, I don't actually want to simulate what it's like to drive for 16 hours on a single haul) so some of my short hauls only take around 5-10 minutes and some of the longer ones can take 20+ (and I have barely scratched the surface on leveling up long-haul delivers).  The level-up system keeps newer and more challenging (and fun) jobs right around the corner (with better rewards!) and also allows you to customize your truck, or buy a better one.All around, Euro Truck Simulator is way more fun than driving a semi truck actually sounds like it would be."
76561198048679318,Recommended,227300,5370385,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Riftchaser,great game but get repetative quick
,Recommended,227300,8791497,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,irBrandon,Ok so EVERYTHING ABOUT IT IS AWESOME! I have been tought to be able to Grade a game out  10/10 and I give this game a 9.9 Yes It would get a 10 but it crashes when ever  I try to put it in to LOW GRAPHICS!  So yes its the best British simulator out there you can do what ever you want you can own alot of things and trucks! or you can just Bugger off and play with the game (VERY FUN) So yes! Please but this game if you need a GOOD SIMULATOR!
,Recommended,227300,5194341,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,GeoFal343,One of the best simulation games made by SCS Software. Excelent graphics detail.  Best used with a force feedback steering wheel.
,Recommended,227300,9117525,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Pvt. Relic,"Actually Not that bad. Better with a racing wheel, which I've got.Get to learn the rules of the road. Quick Job it to lots of cash or borrow from the bank and go wild on staff, trucks and mods.Changes the pace from MVM TF2 and Ghosts etc... It honestly doesnt bore me. When's ETS3 out?"
,Recommended,227300,9118205,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,TurbulenceKing,"This game is the most comfiest game I've ever played, not to mention it gives me a few heart attacks when the frame rate drops as I'm turning, leading me to quickly swirve away from oncoming traffic, thanks obama."
,Recommended,227300,6983220,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,SaabScania V8 <BR>,SHOW!!!
,Recommended,227300,9120137,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Funbit,"Got addicted from the first minute! Very realistic truck sumulator with RPG elements.PS. Be careful to have a game wheel before you buy it, otherwise you won't be able to fully enjoy the game."
,Recommended,227300,1970133,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,T H I C C D A N G E R,!!!
76561198194903274,Recommended,227300,30441917,Posted: 11 March,all,ank_patel,"This game is worth every penny. The graphics and gameply are amazing. Make you feel like a real life truck driver, i would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,227300,28713053,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Alex,niceeeee
76561198024543270,Recommended,227300,3548563,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,Club64,"Everyone should own a copy of this so they can smoke a fat blunt, drink a steel and drive a truck into a Swedish Sunset. By far the most relaxing and engaging truck simulator I have ever played."
,Recommended,227300,2583095,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Warden,"Bought this game for laughs and because it was so cheap, but very quickly the game's simplistic charm sunk in and I found myself driving across Europe for hours making money and saving up to buy a bigger and better truck for myself."
,Recommended,227300,4720267,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Raindear,can't wait for euro trash simulator
,Recommended,227300,116501,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,th3mute,"With only slight shame I will now publicly profess my love for this game...Never has doing 55mph down a bypass and indicating well in advance of turning been quite so much fun as this.Excellent driving/handling model with decent graphics, superb sound and a quite remarkably smooth, mellow and fun overall experience.Highly recommend for anyone who wants a real change of pace..."
,Recommended,227300,1368211,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Aahnold,"This game is comfy as ♥♥♥♥!I am very pleased with the option to turn on online radio.Parking cargo is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Europe is rather small in this one.That's said, it's a proper simulatior.Игра очень расслабляет.Радует онлайн радио.Парковать грузы -♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Европа мелковата будет.Тем не менее, настоящий симулятор."
,Recommended,227300,7483830,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,dogsolitude_uk,"Bought in a sale and quickly became one of my favourite games. It's rather relaxing driving around Europe delivering logs in a way that few games are. There's enough gamification to keep the simulation interesting, it works on Linux, you can set it up to stream your favourite online radio through the in-cabin stereo, and play your .mp3s as well. Driving through Germany in the middle of a night during a rainstorm is remarkably atmospheric. Trust me: the folks raving about this aren't taking the p1$$, it is a genuinely great game."
,Recommended,227300,7773853,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,KillerPotato [TR],Zevkli ama Zor bi Oyun
,Recommended,227300,7760981,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Emeritus,"Don't let the name fool you.Get yourself a nice warm blanket, a hot drink, turn on the in game radio and just cruise.So satisfying."
,Recommended,227300,1802997,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,Wabbit,"This is the comfiest game you will ever play.Zone out, put an international radio station on via the games internal streaming radio station feature, build up your freight company from it's humble beginnings and drive some ♥♥♥♥ing trucks."
,Recommended,227300,1106153,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Evil-Dragon,"Not sure if this game supposed to be relaxing or cause driving stress, i found it to be both at the same time. With that said it was actually fun to play and it seems the developer thought of most things. If you want to save yourself stress then skip the parking, it's more trouble that it's worth."
,Recommended,227300,7769090,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Strauss,"Never expected to like this game but I do. I didn't give it too much thought until I saw the quicklook Giantbomb made (one of the best) and decided to buy it during a sale. It has since become one of my ""go to"" games for podcast listening. I play it in easy mode, so it's very relaxing and perfect for listening to something else. Never managed to get the in-game audio streaming to work with the streams I like but it doesn't matter, you can easily play podcasts in a separate browser window without issue. And I don't even run a high end PC. Nice game."
,Recommended,227300,460073,"Posted: 11 February, 2013",all,Oziman,its cool.. nuff said.
,Recommended,227300,7305845,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,BleiFry,"Best Truck Sim atm. Nice drinvin, great sound, big world.8/10"
,Recommended,227300,4233425,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,INFINITE,"Fun for a couple hours, easy to hack"
,Recommended,227300,7765165,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Meeeps,"Got boring with time, default (un)loading zones are very easy. (unlock trailer)very good mod support but only a few good mods (TSM, Promods)Many mod downloads links to ads traps or downloads with bad software (adware/virus etc.)"
,Recommended,227300,7765579,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Wispy,"from the sounds of this game it is believed to be a bit boring, but thats far from correct, very enjoyable game. Run a trucking company complete with drivers and drive the trucks yourself, all with miles of road to explore. This is a must for people who like cruising on the open road with the challenge of delivering your cargo on time."
76561197991232794,Recommended,227300,1313390,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,SkylineEter,This game is a great driving simulator and it is really cool because you can listen to real radio staions from all around Europe while driving on your missions which I think is pretty awesome.
76561198220487281,Recommended,227300,19432581,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ImKrispyKreme,im still fairly new to this game but i will give this game 9-10 its really fun to start your own company anyways give it try if you like som games
76561198013788158,Recommended,227300,19440526,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,GizzaA,set cloud store for this game in steam
,Recommended,227300,19423076,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,juhob,yes n1 can chill and go for a free ride men )
76561198083724363,Recommended,227300,19476084,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Johannason,"The new generation of roller coaster tycoon,endless hours of gameplay of the same thing yet still enjoyable.If I wanted,i could spend a whole day just delivering tractors around europe while getting fined for reaching 55 mph on the highway,I guess that's the life of trucks.Ten/Ten."
76561198179740215,Recommended,227300,19424014,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,THE_CAT (BG),1. Start game2. Download multiplayer3. Take cargo4. Take it to the end destination5. Be hit by a russian lagger6. Rage quit7. Repeat
76561198114350178,Recommended,227300,19492931,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,CS.im a sellout,Great game. But the controls are confusing.
,Recommended,227300,19501461,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SuperGiantEgg,"i got to be honest, i didn't really like this game the first 5 times or so i played it. the AI is a bit clunky. i kept crashing into things. and when i get stuck in a U-turn or in some ditch, there's basically no way out and i have to start a new game. but as I got used to the controls and started slowly accepting that this is not GTA 5 or like any game I've played for that matter, things started to change. I began to really like it and here's why:-there's nothing on the game market I've seen that's anything like it-it's more like a road trip simulator by yourself where you can get lost in your thoughts and just unwind for the day-there's immense sense of accomplishment every time you finish a mission and slowly growing your company-the graphics, although not the best, is still pretty enough to convey the beauty of nature and the serenity of a lone trucker"
76561198262943105,Recommended,227300,19499647,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Lucas,"I don't know what there is to love about this game, or why I love it so much, but, oh boy, it's addictive. On my previous Steam account, I had a large amount of play time on this game, and I still love it to this day. SCS are doing a great job, I just hope that American Truck Simulator can live up to this. Also, I'd like to thank the ETS2MP team, who although irrelevant and unrelated to SCS as far as I'm aware, managed to develop MULTIPLAYER. Overall, a great game, second to BattleBlock Theater, in my eyes. :)"
,Recommended,227300,19487585,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,[no]waydecent,I bought it
,Recommended,227300,19485275,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,andy88craig,great game
,Recommended,227300,19485735,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Juma,The AI in this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.... Just like drivers in real life :D Best sim ever. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,19482071,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Full HD,good game
,Recommended,227300,19387017,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kilate,The best simulator game ever!
76561198046036479,Recommended,227300,19389415,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,gerlt,"Probably the best simulator out there,you may think that driving virtual trucks around Europe is boring, but trust me, this game is a unique and relaxing experience."
,Recommended,227300,29551535,Posted: 28 January,all,Penguin Guy hellcase.com,"One of the best games i have played, it's just so chill to play when you are listening to music!"
76561198119531826,Recommended,227300,29547615,Posted: 28 January,all,The Big Geek,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!! A hyper-realistic trucking game set in Europe, with nothing but the open road and truck. The graphics are just simply outstanding and the gameplay is very realistic, from speeding tickets to traffic of road construction."
,Recommended,227300,16984134,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,MontirGenjes,This Is The Best Trucking Simulator EVER! Must Try+1
76561197996735267,Recommended,227300,8065247,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Hooty,"Good game, makes a change from killing and racing round, you still have to be on time and try not to hit other stuff and cars as you get a fine, for speeding, being late etc, the only down site is the AI can be a little silly at times, but oter than that small thing, a nice relaxing load can be taken from London to Germany and gain £32000 for your troubles, rubber duck out"
,Recommended,227300,16992328,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,RimSki,I would recommend this game it's a great game to just chill and relax
,Recommended,227300,16995131,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,VertiGo,"This game is what the title says, and not much more. But don't fret! That's not necessarily a bad thing.Pros- Fantastic graphics, even on medium- The new skybox is amazing, making clouds and such more realistic than ever- ENORMUS modding community (although this comes with a con)- You can install mods into the game with your eyes closed, it's that simple.- The map is anything but small, especially with the North and East expansions.- The ablilty to hire drivers, and manage your (not quite) Fortune 500 company, is outstanding- The amount of truck customiztion that can be done is stunning. Anything from mismatched wheels, to uncivil messages on your front windscreen license plates- Actual truck manufacturer names- Multiplayer is marvelous- And last but not least, achievements are fun to obtainCons- With modding comes great responsibility, be careful with the websites you download your mods from. So far, ets2.lt andets2mods.orghave been virus free for me, but your mileage may vary.- With every multiplayer game, you have trolls. And Euro Truck's Multiplayer mod is certainly no different.- Without the DLC's purchased;1. You're limited to what paint designs you can have2. The map is quite a bit smallerIn the end, ETS 2 is an outstanding game. When done right, modding can give you a whole new Euro Truck.12/10 Would definitely buy again"
76561198096672491,Recommended,227300,12318493,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,InfinitePilot,This game is a must. The trucks are amazing being able to customize them and own a company with drivers. Amazing graphics and high detail of the trucks and cities.
,Recommended,227300,16998053,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,TheRealDEG,"Tons of features, Highly recommend this game. But if you have an older PC or can't afford this game. Check out ETS1, its more than half the price of this game, and can run on nearly any PC, even on high settings, which still don't look fantastic, but certainly worth it."
,Recommended,227300,17000082,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Whites (OLD),GREAT GAME ( 1 of the best driving games out there ) Everything is Tip Top
76561197992255284,Recommended,227300,17009255,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,pavlosson,"radio beat in-game, highway, relax..."
,Recommended,227300,17028607,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,GamerRaven,i would have laughed if any one said i would spend hours on a simulator game before playing this
,Recommended,227300,17031322,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Rush B!!!,nice game
76561198120350973,Recommended,227300,17032876,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,123MGD,when tried to download the multiplayer mod its automaticaly launch euro truck simulator 2a recomendation for the makers of the game: can you please make the multiplayer in game instead of it being a mod
,Recommended,227300,16815060,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Ted,"Would be 11/10 (instead of 10/10) if it didn't require extra mods to provide a stellar experience on triple-monitor setups. But with the correct add-ons: wow. Just, wow."
76561198038519307,Recommended,227300,17036111,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,lucolas,Quality game if you feel like trucking around for a few hours waiting for time to pass..
76561198067282197,Recommended,227300,17036893,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,gwhite2687,My wife realized the only thing more depressing then driving a simulated truck is watching me drive a simulated truck.
76561198047475562,Recommended,227300,17038387,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,kuldud2,Awesome game
,Recommended,227300,17038554,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,TomCasalino,"Really great game for the price, wished i would have picked it up at one of the sales though, they have been ridiclious for this game, if it's less than $10 GET THIS GAME!! It is well worth the money."
,Recommended,227300,17038685,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,The Tonnes,Probably the most relaxing video game ever.
76561198110532426,Recommended,227300,17046463,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,HowToSurvive -_-,Always a fun and enjoyable experience that can become addictive if you're a budding truck driver xD
76561198043175528,Recommended,227300,10651946,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Break,"Didnt think it be this fun lol,  Like!"
,Recommended,227300,10652004,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,darklordjames,"The most relaxing driving game I have ever played. Works great with an Nvidia Surround three monitor setup. If you are looking for something rather different in your driving games, then this is totally worth giving a try!"
76561197977430255,Recommended,227300,10653117,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Banshee,Slowly becoming the sim it should be. The next patch should be a great start to becoming a true simulator of semi trucks.
76561198013691624,Recommended,227300,10666481,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Moist,"Well made game, just keep truckin'!"
76561198124228643,Recommended,227300,10667647,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ImJustAdam,sick!
,Recommended,227300,10670470,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,danlee077,Awesome So far!!
76561198055758847,Recommended,227300,10670573,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MATTCRAZTEX,Amazing game and paint jobs.!!!!
,Recommended,227300,10671854,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,PoKlince_ (っ⊙ω⊙)っ,Super game :3
76561198064720333,Recommended,227300,10017653,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,watchmejuggle,"Great game for simulator fans.Best enjoyed when there is a radio programme that you wish to listen to without getting bored.The scale of this game is perfect to get the balance between variety and constant enjoyment, and the game allows you to grow your business on a huge scale."
,Recommended,227300,10018639,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,cerebus75,You drive a truck.  A SWEET truck.  You drive this sweet♥♥♥♥♥truck around Europe listening to people speaking German and French and other stuff.  All the while you have a load of peas that NEED to get to Deuseldorf....  It's really fantastic.
,Recommended,227300,9019567,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Giraffe Essence is Key [SQRL],A great game for any simulator nerd!
,Recommended,227300,9021161,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,赤 Reds 赤 | (ジョシュ),Would recommend this game for anyone how enjoys a good Sim.
76561198097876667,Recommended,227300,9023388,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Scouts,its a good game all in all but i find that some time i'll be driveing then my key wil stop working. i all so find that the speed cam do not work right i'll pass a speed cam doing 25 and get fined for speeding in a 50 zone
,Recommended,227300,9189587,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Gravity,"Honestly when I say this, Euro Truck Simulator 2 has to be one of the best simulator games that I have played. This game not only has a beginner learning curve, but also has the ability for someone to carry on an advanced playthrough. XP and Expansion give the game serious purpose along with the fun of creating your own company from nothing. The controller compatability is amazing and it has by far the best mod support I have seen. The graphics are wonderful and with constant patches and updates it contiunes to grow. 10/10 would recomend to any sim game fans, and should you decide to purchase this game, get the going east dlc along with it, as it adds more locations and scenery."
,Recommended,227300,9336997,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Strick85,Love the Game
76561198039575295,Recommended,227300,9337239,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,crazyarcane,One of the best trucking games Ive ever tried.  Runs great with minimal lag and looks awesome.  The only issue I came across is that it is tricky to play with a keyboard
,Recommended,227300,9340181,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Jordan,Wooohooo driving my truck!!!
76561198029376672,Recommended,227300,9340718,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,ivelx96,Nice game! got over 70 hours into it
,Recommended,227300,9343127,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,twitch.tv/the_dark_slayr,"Unless you have a steering wheel, this game is pretty much worthless. Other from that, it is an entertaining game with a huge map. Although there are many features that I would like this game to have, it is a decent game. Another good thing about Euro Truck Simulator 2, is that is has mod support, which I have yet to use.- 5/10"
76561198099789338,Recommended,227300,9345455,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,davies1986ryan,fun IF u like driving truck's like i do but can get a bit s**t sum time's and stressing but very good
76561198000670258,Recommended,227300,1990299,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,SSX Rin Rin Rin,"An even better love story between a trucker and truckTruck of the year, all years"
,Recommended,227300,793928,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,RolanDecoy,"This truck simulator fits well in the series, but I can't help but feel that the developers focused mostly on graphical quality rather than a unique simulator experience.There is nothing major that dissappointed me, but rather the little things you'd expect; The Netherlands is a flat country, and yet it's almost as hilly as the Czech republik, the on-/offramps are merged with the highway for some reason (most of them at least), which is unusual in Europe, to my knowledge. Important landmarks are present in some cities and missing in others, I could find nothing new at all in the game dynamics and financial possibilities, its even missing some things I've seen in previous products from this producer and the list goes on.Apart from the little dissappointments it is highly enjoyable and a must for the simulator enthousiasts."
,Recommended,227300,9252852,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,MP Stéphane Maurice Dion,Trucks.6/10
,Recommended,227300,9254017,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Jokemercy,"Great game, very adictive!"
,Recommended,227300,9256306,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Alrego,"8/10 game, playing this makes me feel im really in a car which most of u know is relaxing only if u crash but besides that thought awesome game aswell as buy going east makes game even better"
,Recommended,227300,9259319,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,mark.simons75,"Best Game I Have Ever PLayed.This game can be enjoyed with a Keybord but is alot better with an Analog controller like a Gamepad, Joystike or WheelI also recomend to mod the game after around 20 and play with a knew mod every few days to keep your self going listerning to music whilt palying is a must. I recomend geting this game as it alows endless hours of fun.Have you not bought it yet ok Just go watch DaSquirrelsNuts play it and you will."
,Recommended,227300,6052174,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Wizard Hats,"Best. Game. Ever. 10/10 Game of the year, every year."
76561197973590494,Recommended,227300,9240804,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Oda Nobunaga,I cannot get enouph of this game! It is very relaxing and fun!
76561198126851015,Recommended,227300,9261091,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Xauk Zooth,Nice and relaxing game. Pretty cool to be able to bild a fleet up.
76561198071236210,Recommended,227300,17113075,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,TheGamingSnail,"the best simulator with the word ""simulator"" in it."
76561198154184409,Recommended,227300,17114418,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,TruckerDj,awesome game
76561198119603287,Recommended,227300,17114773,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,chicagokenny,"Having played this game for a while (about one day of time as I write this), I can tell you this is a game that is most definetely worth getting. I bought this game and the ""Going East"" expansion for $7 during the Steam Summer Sale, but I would still pay the twenty or so dollars for this game. The simulation is extremely realistic, and there a several features that make this simulator realistic and similar to real world driving.In the game, you start by working as a driver for hire, doing jobs wherever they are available (and believe me when I say they are always available, and tons of jobs to choose from). Afterwards, you can save up to buy your first truck, or take out a loan to buy a truck of your own. The benefit to owning a truck is that you can be payed more for jobs. After doing this, you can continue to make more money, pay off your loan (if you took one), and buy more trucks. Note that you will need to get a garage or upgrade the garage you're given in the beginning if you want more than one truck. Then, with new trucks, you can hire drivers to do jobs for you, and make more money after this.So, if you're looking for a great way to spend some time, try this out. Though the game may look boring, I can say from personal experience that this is a game worth checking out. Additionally, last time I checked there is a free Euro Truck Simulator Two demo version you can download off the internet (I believe it is on the Euro Truck Simulator website). You can try it out, and can experience about four hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,227300,17248016,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Lil Draco,I like it! <3
,Recommended,227300,17248620,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,AndreiP23,"I like this game, because it is with trucks. I was very good if it was better optimized!"
,Recommended,227300,17250019,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Wadzi,"Stunning visuals and whilst the concept of driving many miles might seem boring the customization and variety of different places, trucks and options make the game quite interesting."
76561198029293413,Recommended,227300,17250475,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Masse,More addictive than I thougt at first. The amazing graphics and superb gameplay makes you actually follow the traffic rules more than I do in real life. :)
,Recommended,227300,17253031,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,KentlandPride,they need to add muliplayer
,Recommended,227300,17256027,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,mjd91,I love it so much
76561197990637072,Recommended,227300,17257491,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Neil Armstrong,"Folllowed by a convoy of 4 guys honking me, then followed a group of convoy, missed the right lane in britain, lot of fun. I really suggest this game ! lot of fun for sure. !!!"
76561198087032101,Recommended,227300,17160362,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,eeriehowl,Welcome to Euro Truck Simulator 2.A game which will teach you to hate every single person on the road who is not yourself.10/10 would get angry at cars that hit me again
76561198140415709,Recommended,227300,17141749,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mr. Pork,"I really enjoy this game. If you like simulators where you can talk with friends and just drive and enjoy the sites, then this game is for you! There is even multiplayer for extra fun!"
,Recommended,227300,4129763,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,DastardlyDeath,THIS GAME IS FREAKING AWESOME!!! BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT!!!!
76561198076793129,Recommended,227300,10383580,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,{} MR_55p {},if you are looking for a simutor that has loads of opotuties and made the best quality then you have found the right game.
76561198176619737,Recommended,227300,17163427,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,yassincity78,Bonjours je n'arrive pas a trouver le fichier euro truck simulator 2 par ce fait je n'arrive pas a mettre des modes Merci de bien vouloir m'aider ou de me donner autre solution.     Hi i can't find the file euro truck simulator 2 thanks and if i haven't the file i can't have eny mod thanks for the help
,Recommended,227300,17164699,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Naga20022,"This game is a MUST HAVE if you are into driving simulators! This game you never know what jobs you will get, you never know where you are going to go! There is only one thing to do... WING IT! This game has keyboard, xbox controller, and steering wheel (with or with out shifter) support. You can even play your music! I prefer rock sounding country when I drive!"
,Recommended,227300,17165141,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,[ENRL] Mr. Hax,The game that gave MMO a whole new meaning.
76561198101586457,Recommended,227300,17015250,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Don't Stop DiDi,"Euro Truck Simulator 2. A blissful combination of open world mecahnics and creativity, with a structure of simulator realism, stunning graphics and gameplay, and an endless bunch of communtiy and developer add-ons."
,Recommended,227300,17189528,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,^2HY^1PE🌪,Yeah man GET THIS!
,Recommended,227300,17189588,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Warzone_,great game so realistic nice graphics and fxs 9/10 for thanks scs
76561198114764273,Recommended,227300,17281373,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Knight Shithood,very good and fun and i would love to see a ireland dlc of somesort
76561198054169468,Recommended,227300,16439039,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,rullez-z-Z,If you dont pay attension at the plot and perefer calm pastime this is for you. Just make the radio on and don't speed too much otherwise you dont make any profit.
76561198064211911,Recommended,227300,17283622,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,FC109-K2_XXv,"A difficult game to explain:That'd be how I'd title an essay on why this game is fun, it's not Stalker, it's not a tycoon game, and if you're and average joe with average taste in games, this is definitely not something you can play through the weekend, but nevertheless, this game is an absolute gem. Something you can come back to for a very, very long time. And in a way, it's therepeutic, driving through a scaled down version of Europe, listening to the rain, admiring the absolutely masterfully crafted landscapes and sceneries. Watching planes take off, driving down back roads through all the ountries of central europe, it's a beautiful experience, and that's what I'd call this game, an experience. And frankly, it's got everything, for everyone, and if you have a couple hours to waste, if you have a couple dollars you don't need, pick up this game and I promise you will never regret it."
,Recommended,227300,17283636,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,DefaultPlayer,I like the game alot. I love the big choices you can make. All the cities are builded good and perfect. I like the DLC's too
76561198134517740,Recommended,227300,17285614,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,sam.necelectrical,This game is the best game in the world. anyone can love it.
,Recommended,227300,17286658,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Българският Маг,+1
,Recommended,227300,17287852,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,The Kovacs,"This game is fantastic for relaxation. During the evening after a long day at work, there's no more tranquil activity than rolling around the roads undertaking a little digital sightseeing and completing the gentle objectives of delivering loads. This game has a truly extensive modding community, which really transforms the base game into an incredibly large and diverse map, with some map mods boasting really good attention to detail. There are also a plethora of different trucks and trailers, weather, lighting, and other mods just to give you some more diversity.You will be surprised just how engaging it is to complete these journeys across such a large network of roads, and find yourself merrily ticking along through some interesting re-creations of European scenery."
,Recommended,227300,17288454,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,mc3080,"Out Standing Game, Best simulator out there atm, well worth the £14.99 or as i paid £2.99 in a sale!"
,Recommended,227300,17288505,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,MONOmah_V,"130 hours and I'm not finished. Awesome game!* Open world* Nice physics* Intresting gameplay* Great DLC's, not like in that ""Mona Lisa"" meme* Over 9000 various mods* Challenging achievements* Devs are really busy doing new and cool stuff"
,Recommended,227300,16580049,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,tinti1122,It's indeed very good and genuine simulation for truck driving !!!
76561197997869023,Recommended,227300,16580792,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,The One -=NL=-,"Very good truckin' game.Good looking, sounding and realistic models and Mercedes now with the correct badges so no longer the weird Majestic stuff.You can upgrade and tune your truck with better engines, gearboxes and new rims, paintwork, horns, lights and bullbars for example.For the worldmap, its looking nice with all the different landscapes and weather effects.The roads are sometimes a bit narow at on and offramps on the highway so you have to drive slow and make wide turns so you don't drive over the grass or hit the guardrail with your trailer.The AI of the other trucks is ok but the normal cars are sometimes a bit nervous on the brakes so you have to keep some distance driving behind them.If you are overtaking some vehicles on the highway while using your indicator lights the cars behind you will slow down so you can pass safely, so the AI is not always acting funny.Driving with keyboard only is not recommended as it is with most driving games because you can't steer smooth with the arrow keys.So a gamepad or wheel is recommended of course."
76561198078764223,Recommended,227300,16581010,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mr.McFluffels,By far the best trucking game on steam and with the rich modding community out there it can only get better the longer it is around and the best feature by far is the live radio
,Recommended,227300,16581194,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,zara,"This game is really interesting and I think the concept is really great. But after a while of driving, you start to get very bored. Only one thing that Euro Truck Simulator should improve on but a part from that, it's a great game!"
,Recommended,227300,16582168,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pat,Weaving through traffic at 150km/h listening to classic raawk simulator.10.1/10
76561198114904309,Recommended,227300,16585169,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Omnos,This game is awesome
,Recommended,227300,16585972,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,banter,pretty dench
76561197972173941,Recommended,227300,16587463,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,francisuk,I like truckin  I like truckin I like truckin and I like to truck.I spent half an hour reversing out the yard as I miss read sat nav!I spent half an hour trying to parkNext mission I got off motorway too early and ended up on my way to Cambridge - but discovered the radio and horn.Absolutely brilliant game - get it get get it!!!
,Recommended,227300,16588484,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Magical Silence,Trucking & Country Music  enuff said!Totally worth it :3
,Recommended,227300,16588905,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pat_27,"very fun once you get the hang of it, definitely recommend"
,Recommended,227300,16590623,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,AHappyPandaBear,Just awsome!
,Recommended,227300,8754419,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Matt,Good
,Recommended,227300,8756737,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Andyh4324,"You wouldn't think it, but this game is quite addictive.  And relaxing too."
76561198080394713,Recommended,227300,8757423,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,leeandandie,LOVE IT MY SON
,Recommended,227300,8733040,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Enviern,"Pick a truck, any truck. It's a trucking game, you drive a truck. Pickup goods and deliver elsewhere, it's as dull as it sounds but you know what, it's oh so good. Time flies when you're trucking along, you watch Europe pass by, you grow to appreciate your truck and before you know it it's well past your bedtime.  Sure, you can customise your truck, you can hire other drivers and build a transport company and allocate skill points as you level up but the charm of the game is all in the trucking."
,Recommended,227300,8440497,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Downey Jr,Combined with a cheap steering wheel and track IR or 3 monitors this game ♥♥♥♥ing rocks. Sometimes you just wanna listen to some radio and cruise down the highway.
,Recommended,227300,8441042,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Chris_LAD,its awesome and get the demo just to make sure you like it but im going to tell you know you will love this game
,Recommended,227300,6495538,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Gratata,Great game. the graphics are superb and the physX left me drowning in my own♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for hours.
,Recommended,227300,8475952,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Meister,"The graphics in this game is amazing!You are buying this game to drive a truck and run a trucking company which is everything this game provides.Keep in mind resting is 8 hours and there is no way to change that, to the best of my knowledge so plan accordingly."
,Recommended,227300,8491460,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,vivalabert,:D
76561198065337450,Recommended,227300,8491606,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Patty,"GREATEST GAME EVER!! If you are considering buying this then do because its the best simulator ive played, its super accurate and, with a wheel, feels like you are actually driving. Highly reccomend to everyone, deffinitly my best buy of 2013!!! :D"
76561197990259068,Recommended,227300,8491970,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Discovery,The metascore of 79 is too brutal for this game. It really deserves a higher score than that. What are people's expectations of this game?
76561198002393141,Recommended,227300,8495312,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Zeroia,good to play
,Recommended,227300,8495617,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,=adrian=,Great little time killer. Quite relaxing game as well
,Recommended,227300,8495736,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Naoe,i like to drive trucks. very good game. would recommend.
,Recommended,227300,8495756,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Eftaisio,An interesting game. I never was into simulaters before but I played the demo and loved it. Try it and see what you think.
,Recommended,227300,8495882,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,baalroo,"This game is very strangely addictive. I'm still a newbie, but I can see why it has such a dedicated following. Take a job, cue up some internet radio, and cruise the highways. Such Relax. Wow."
,Recommended,227300,8496233,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,CyBeRDooG,It's great game and new pack such as snow mod make the game even greater
76561197961450187,Recommended,227300,8464168,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,-=fk=-JC,Best game ever
,Recommended,227300,8477864,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,wotta,"I've only played this for 30 mins, but already I have caused Havok on the streets of Koln. Who know Germans drove on the wrong side of the road. If you like trucks this game rocks."
,Recommended,227300,8480355,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kymerah,really fun game to play only problem i have is using a keyboard the steering is too sensitive can crash alot if not careful would be best with a steering wheel. Would be great if there was more types of trucks and trailers like 7.5 tonners etc and work your way up. I would give this a 7 out of 10 with steering being an issue to lower the score as can be really annoying if you drive a long distance and crash near the end of it but the realistic simulation in driving is brilliant and has certain landmarks that most will reconise even though distance isn't exactly to scale. Worth a buy will keep you entertained :)
,Recommended,227300,8482275,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,her0,"If your considering buying this game, buy it."
,Recommended,227300,19675278,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,cyongjed,A great game.Value for money
,Recommended,227300,19675226,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Dinosaurus Cuteness,amazing fun awesome game.... next USA truck simulator
76561198156015920,Recommended,227300,19695045,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Monkey Magic,Great game with oculus rift.
,Recommended,227300,19732879,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Dazzlin_Daz,Best game on steam!
,Not Recommended,227300,19731834,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Г Р У З И Н Ч И К - GEO,игра супер !!!  Ждемсс по больше
76561198241208294,Recommended,227300,19731880,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Haydn,love the game but i keep having trouble with it so everytime i go onto the game it sometimes says there is a problem with it!
76561198013313208,Recommended,227300,19729743,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Lunatic,
76561198158652821,Recommended,227300,19736650,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Planeboy41,Good game to drive round in
76561198127978954,Recommended,227300,19735554,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,jaminjohnson84,I wish the game's Navigator gave auditory turn-by-turn directions. Still it is an outstanding simulator and worth every penny. Everyone should want this simulator.
,Recommended,227300,6010218,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Ace Micro,Pretty goodthe traffic ai is very badly madewhich makes it very realistic
76561198001180193,Recommended,227300,2029646,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,casualgameraus2017,"Awesome game, hours of fun. great grafics and truck engine sounds. feel likes your are driving a real truck on European roads. 8.5 out of 10 rubber chickens for this game"
76561198044248889,Recommended,227300,20105060,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sixgun,very relaxing once you quit crashing every few minutes 10/10
,Recommended,227300,13897535,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,war4sure,"How to enjoy this game( and challenge your endurance)Download and install the following maps:ProMods 2.0RusMap 1.6Russia Open Spaces 2.4Start up your game and enjoy a very long,long,long,long,LOOOONG trips."
,Recommended,227300,20158072,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,rAzen,No the game is bead
76561198022940536,Recommended,227300,20154090,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Luckiernut,This is the forza motosport of the trucking world... great fun and driving with rpg elements and lots to explore.
,Recommended,227300,20154342,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,★Donald Duck★,"This game is the best simulator I have played, I recommend this to you who are thinking of buying it"
,Recommended,227300,20155258,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Panzerkampfwagen Tiger Ausf. B,"A fun game once you get the hang of it, but I suggest you look at the controls before you drive. I rate 100/10"
76561198169359306,Recommended,227300,20155320,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Basslinewow99,this simulator is one of the best out there or coild even be the best out there the graphics are just amazing and the sounds and controll is too would recomend to any one weather the want a fun game or a chalenging simulatorabosolutly brilliant
,Recommended,227300,20147689,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MasterChief™,I can't stop playing this game...If you like trucks;If you like starting a trucking company;If you like making money (ingame);Have fun!!
76561198112034302,Recommended,227300,20153401,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Teddy,best simulator game
76561198110550055,Recommended,227300,20041757,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sunglasses Guy,Sun flowers are up although the sun is down0/10
76561198083941463,Recommended,227300,20041758,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,jkhK,"Its a funny game (driving,simulation) Like ."
76561198029790729,Recommended,227300,20039401,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SHAHMEN,AWESOME GAME I LOVE ETS2
,Recommended,227300,20039428,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Vertinove,Got a speeding offense even though I was the slowest vehicle in the lane
,Recommended,227300,20039823,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Voyageur,the best game
,Recommended,227300,20046673,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,AsianBacon,"How the hell am I supposed to get a 45 ton CAT vehicle out of a mine? I have a god damn benz, cut me some slack and bring it to the entrance.11/10"
76561198116069258,Recommended,227300,20047141,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Der Hund,I jst want to know what the video trailer's song is. It's pretty catchy.
,Recommended,227300,20042804,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bo May Can Het,Drove flawlessly for the entire tripForgot to slowdown when turning into destination and hit a fence -> 40% damageWasted 30 minutes and then restart10/10
76561198199364639,Recommended,227300,20093141,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,GOD,"A very good optimized game. It runs at 30 fps on my low end pc in 1080p. Very realistic controls , good graphics and multiplayer is working good too. I really like this game:D"
76561198125511448,Recommended,227300,20093480,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Viko0,"If you like Simulator games,this game is for you ! :)"
,Recommended,227300,20080462,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,siddeus,"Great game. ""that's just the way of road, Bubs."" -Ray (Trailer Park Boys)"
76561198131411444,Recommended,227300,20094020,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BOT Levier,Nice game <3
,Recommended,227300,20094333,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Drummond.74,"In other remarks of them saying this game is a waste of money i totally disagree with them, this game is so good in so many ways you've got the first reason. 1. It's a great game to start driving simulation and get a real feel for these heavy vehicles. 2. It's is awesome if you are getting your HGV (Heavy Goods Vehicles) licence and wanting to get more training when your not behind a wheel of a real V8 730HP Scania. 3. And if your not satisfied yet you get 7 licensed Trucks from the list of - DAF, VOLVO, RENAULT, SCANIA, MERCEDES, and also MAN - if that isnt enough for you, You can always download trucks from Your internet browser -Hopefully this has changed your mind about this game :) Oh i forgot Happy Trucking"
,Recommended,227300,20125811,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jay Daniel Earnshaw,Simply a Great Fun Game
,Recommended,227300,20125864,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Real,The game is relaxing. 9/10 Best Trucking Game.
,Recommended,227300,18508925,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Gimows,"It's a sim: for someone it can be fun but for others it can be boring.+Can run on low-end computersWorks well with driving wheelReal places around the Europe, ""real"" roads and their names-AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ af"
76561198272400236,Recommended,227300,20126157,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Biotox | Melon,Great simulator i love this game and would reccomend it to anyone who likes simulators
,Recommended,227300,20107008,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,morikh,"When playing multiplayer, there is no other AI traffic, except other gamer. I don't like it because it too lonely."
,Recommended,227300,20133186,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Om3ga73,"Simulator games are not for everyone. If you are looking for something-packed or fast-pace, move on. However, if you really love sims, this is one of the best in the business.Even this long after release, new features are being added despite the new game they are working on."
,Recommended,227300,1806950,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,jaybee3,"Disappointing. Scaling ruins it, if you're looking for road accuracy."
,Recommended,227300,4161488,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,diabetic cyborg,"A classic life simulator in which you get to explore the intriguing depth to the life of a truck driver. Drive (poorly) on both sides of the road across the great continent of Europe. Explore lands you could only dream of, if your dreams are of highways. 10/10 would reccomend."
76561198017536994,Recommended,227300,8673470,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,NotYourFuckinBusniess,Fun game. Also have mulitplayer mod.. Best game so far!
76561198107990160,Recommended,227300,8958518,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Procrastinator Shields,"Got an hour or two free? Why not take a massive drive from the UK all the way to Poland? Trust yourself, you can handle it."
76561198070446347,Recommended,227300,8854372,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,spaceknighti,awesome game!!!!!!!!!!
76561198075364817,Recommended,227300,7561878,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,A Covetous Jew,ITS LIKE DRIVING A TRUCK IN REAL LIFE BUT YOURE NOT IN REAL LIFE
,Recommended,227300,8859394,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Ledonev,"Yes... I know what it seems like.  A freight truck simulator?  Are you kidding me?  What's next, bus and train simulators...?This game is surprisingly more engaging than it would first seem on a casual perusal.  I should know because I was guilty of the same.  I actually bought it as a gift for by best friend... completely as a joke.  And then I installed the free demo.Dumbass that I am... I got hooked and had to pay full price instead of the Holiday sale price.  Still, I would have to say it is worth it.The macro game has a subtlety of gameplay that makes it challenging, yet fair.  And micro aspects like managing a burgeoning trucking empire that take the game to a new level.The only thing I really have to complain about is that Steam hasn't integrated this game into its Workshop.  The modding community has gone crazy with this game.  With more than a hundred substantive mods/overhauls... this game can seem almost as fresh as the day you turned over the engine on your first truck.Back to a few of the basic questions...Does driving ever get tedious and feel painful?  Sure.  If you're looking for added complexity, try playing the game with a mouse or just your keyboard.  If you're really into driving sims, get a wheel.How long does it take to travel?  It's not as lengthy as it seems.  Every second translates to about 4-5 in-game.  So, you can cruise through an hour in about 15 minutes.  And with your foot to the floorboard, even the long-haul 20+ hour trips don't take that long.  Sleeping a good solid 8 hours only takes 15 seconds. ;)Should I get it?  Up to you really.  Get the demo.  If you absolutely hate it, uninstall it.  All you are out is your time.  But, I think you'll probably end up falling under its spell like I did.See you on the highway!"
,Recommended,227300,8863189,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Araldis,Really great game! The big number of community's mods available make it even more fun! :)
76561197970724676,Recommended,227300,452952,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,Varrig,"Having played a few of the other Truck Sims on the market I have to say this one by SCS is really starting to become a well rounded full game.  Not just an attempt at a simulator.  Graphics are good, no its not Farcry.  Physics are about 100% better than SCS's last game.  And the addition of internet streaming radio adds a hell of alot to the atmosphere of it.  The price may be a bit high at $40, but finally its worth it."
76561198092451669,Recommended,227300,8987630,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,DieamExdie,Amazing Game
,Recommended,227300,6818819,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,LegendRS,Make me a milkshake!
76561198100929697,Recommended,227300,8871580,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,blondie2,"I told someone at work that i no longer play wow but i have dl this game where you drive a truck, its quite cool, i watched a m8 playing it and..... (at this point i was met with derision and people laughing at me for saying cool about a truck sim).BUT !!!!!, but i say, laugh not for this is a deep and fun game. Even my wife, a regular scource of scorne and vitriol about games stated 'looks alright i suppose'... Believe me, that statement is the most ringing endorsment of a game you could ever wish for !.But this, play this, relax in its calming atmosphere, pop on some tunes and head for the horizon ;)"
,Recommended,227300,8873370,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,dankbongripper,"Dat Music!Anyway, Great game hours of fun! Drive from London, England all the way across Europe."
76561198027032965,Recommended,227300,8893019,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Mr. Phuzzles,Just driving them lorries.
,Recommended,227300,8893358,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Shan3,I never imagined I'd be having this much fun driving a truck around Europe. It has a strangely calming effect as you watch the beautiful scenery fly by... planning your dominance in continental freight services. The trucks are beautifullly rendered and the physics engine is definitely the best of any driving game in Linux. Trying to put this game into words does not do it justice. It just has that something that makes it thoroughly enjoyable.
,Recommended,227300,8893940,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Tactical_Gamer,This has to be one of the most amazing truck Sims i have ever played reccamend it without a doubt
76561198022158129,Recommended,227300,8895957,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,AUSSIE55,i think its crap how when you reformat your computer all your saved games are gone  not happy at all i was on lev 35 now all gone grrrrrr
,Recommended,227300,18145629,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,A5lipperyGyp5y,"Great game, simple and nice design. it's easy to get the hang of and doesn't fault on anything, except for the sutpid AI who dont know how to drive...and the buses, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.This game can be a little repadative, but with the company manager and wide arrange of vehicles, it kind of cancels out the repedative part.This is also partly a 'DAD GAME' but you can overcome this with the shear fun. 8/10"
,Recommended,227300,18099078,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,fuckface,hyn b
,Recommended,227300,18101597,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,[ST-B] ZoDDeXX,verry adictive game (from time to time tought)
,Recommended,227300,18111287,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,datzao,volvo
,Recommended,227300,11266221,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Mike Rofone,"Do you love trucks? Do you love simulators? Then look no further. Best truck simulator to date.There is nothing else to say. It is just the best truck simulator I have ever played.Do you know any other truck simulator beter then this please let me know, becasue I can't find one.:)"
,Recommended,227300,18183710,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Tirescu,This is a brilliant game.
76561198241216316,Recommended,227300,17925414,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ZippyCrocs,Not a bad game really. This game is good with a full setup and its good if you want a casual drive
76561198149929559,Recommended,227300,18151192,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,GOTCHA,"Best game ever to relax after a day of work, or stressfull csgo!"
76561198113375966,Recommended,227300,18091251,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,gregfordyce,"I have played almost 200 hours, and am still ridiculously addicted to this game. Graphics are top-notch, controls, physics, AI vehicles - it all feels like you are really out there on the European roads driving your rig. I also got the Scandinavia expansion, and ...wow...the landscapes up there are mindblowing. Of course the fact I'm playing this on a 44"" screen just makes it even more awe-inspiring! Highly recommend this, if you love aesthetics and gorgeous landscapes and very, very realistic driving games. And of course, if you love trucks then you will love this game. Tons of cargo to haul, tons of different trucks from lots of different manufacturers to choose from, lots of upgrades, lots of customization options for your rig. And the expansions (if you get any) and DLC just add to them. In the beginning, when you start out and can't afford your own truck and have to take loads as a driver for someone else - not a lot of $$, not a lot of options - even then it is fun getting into it and starting your ""career."" and they make it so you can dive in pretty quick by going to a bank and borrowing enough $ to buy your own truck. Then - watch the game expand! Easily make enough $$ choosing the right loads with good pay after that to pay back the loan fast, and of course you can choose which skills to train in each time you level (which happens swiftly in the beginning as you log those miles). - Long Distance loads, Eco-Driving (conserving fuel), High Value Cargo, Fragile Cargo, Just-In-Time Loads, etc. Every skill you train in just adds to your per-mile $$ rate, and the number and variety of the loads you can haul.Can't recommend this game enough. NO complaints, no bugs that I have discovered after 185 hours on the road, endless replayability (if you love truck driving in Europe that is). You can even expand your Garage to 3 or 5 slots, buy more trucks, and hire other drivers to drive for you (they find their own loads and drive automatically and level up over time with no input or worry from you), earning you even more residual income, while you drive on your own. And you can open up more and more garages and hire more and more drivers over time if you choose to.It's actually a guilty pleasure of mine to log in, get behind the wheel, and just cruise the highways of Europe for hours on end. The sights and landscapes are gorgeous, and you really feel like you're driving a big rig hauling a 25 ton trailer. Can't see myself getting tired of this game for a long, long time. Why are you reading this, and not buying the game? Get hauling!"
,Recommended,227300,18091438,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,︻气PHILL!デ═一一,"I'd say, If I got this Game & Played it when I was going to School, I might have ended up being a Trucker!"
76561198106052433,Recommended,227300,18091752,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,pgboyd,"Love this game!  Using the Oculus Rift DK2 though gave me some pretty serious motion sickness after about 20 minutes of game play.  Maybe you get used to it, but I'm back to playing on the monitor with a G27 Wheel for now."
76561198048732685,Recommended,227300,18226398,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Isak Svensson,"What a game. I raced to Cambridge before I fell asleep and my truck broke down to Frozen's ""Let it Go"" on BBC Radio 2. This game is way more fun than it seems. I would buy it if you have the money."
,Recommended,227300,18245817,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Noot Noot 4 Noot Lyfe,BRilliant can you please implement mulitiplay into it as game mode not a mod
,Recommended,227300,18263294,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Sweaty Falcon,This game promises truck driving and it indeed features drivable trucks.
76561197993132300,Recommended,227300,18261888,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Resting_Beardface,"Best damn Truck Sim of all time... of ALL time!  Great scenery (if your rig can push the pixels), great DLC, great fun.  Keep a LOT of time handy for this one, as it's immersive and challenging.  Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,227300,18234985,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Gudomana,I realized that I'm ♥♥♥♥♥♥ driver because of this game ;-;
,Recommended,227300,18267843,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Gizz01,"Just buy it!, you owe it to yourself!"
76561197988942672,Recommended,227300,15886346,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,DaneShady,Finally a game that gives me the opportunity to drink and drive! Cheers :D
,Recommended,227300,18238484,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Milhouz,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a great game to just relax and unwind after a long gaming session or long work day. Personally, using a controller with some custom settings still makes it feel as if I have a decent amount of control. I would give this game a 7.5/10. Just because it can be a bit repetitive for the stock game. That being said, mods are definitley a way to suit the game better to your liking! It's worth a pick up if it drops in price."
,Recommended,227300,18251911,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ihwghe,love it
,Recommended,227300,20225216,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,scurtu,E JMQ RAU <3
,Recommended,227300,20226858,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Acvatic.,"I like this game so much , it's too hard to park a ♥♥♥♥ing truck , but it's too good"
76561198135323904,Recommended,227300,20227649,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Diamondead,Great and fun game for now :) relaxing
,Recommended,227300,20227934,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,"Yeldo, Yelduay",Nice game ever ..
76561198133551426,Recommended,227300,20228101,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,CSGOblocks.com farmskins.com,Very good game !LOVE IT !
76561198109975894,Recommended,227300,20228231,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,>>GforcE<<,"It Is very realistic, has good good graphics, simple to understand and overall, a fantastic game"
,Recommended,227300,20226056,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,molassascookieman,"Excellent driving experience, SCS Software creates amazing details, from a beautiful sunset to seperate rims and tires. Despite the fact that they are currently building a whole other game (American Truck Simulator) which is going to be even bigger than this one, they still continuously update this one and make it better and better. 10/10"
76561198185081122,Recommended,227300,20162945,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ArielMomo,great game! how to buy only the expansion?
,Recommended,227300,20163074,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jake,"Somehow, I don't know how but it's absolutely amazing"
76561198050099174,Recommended,227300,19663227,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,roop298,A great game but I can't really tell you why.  It might help if I told you I am 50 years old and have a 30 year gaming history under my belt.  Or maybe it won't.
,Recommended,227300,20163409,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sherlock Holmes,A total time killer.
76561198164519524,Recommended,227300,20182954,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,HarryWem,best game in the world especially mulitplayer where you can sync your truck with friends trucks
,Recommended,227300,6052995,"Posted: 18 February, 2013",all,CRAZEDDUCKling,"+MUY EPICO-Needs 'chievesEDIT: Now has 'chieves, so... is this... is this... perfection?"
,Recommended,227300,20191153,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,zaphodbblx,"amazingly good fun! I'm really enjoying this game. Even to the point of considering a wheel setup for better control.My cons are few and havent really affected my enjoyment of this game.suggestions:1) An easy to view control layout. 2) a toggleable ""what side of the road should I be on"" for my fellow clueless US drivers would be nice 3) A ""controlling a big rig(with a focus on backing up)"" tutorial would REALLY help"
,Recommended,227300,20189509,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,deYjaVu,Simulator games is my favorite :D
,Recommended,227300,20186749,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,"hey it's me, shush boy",The bluegrass radio is pretty dank.
76561198019086854,Recommended,227300,3219646,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,zanetheinsane,"This game is very fun but remember that it's a simulation and not a ""game"". The roads are condensed but it still takes about 20-40 minutes of driving depending on how long your route is. Skip the first game and just buy this one. There are light RPG elements: you can use your XP from missions to level up things like licenses and unlocking longer (more profitable) routes. You can invest your money into starting and managing your own trucking business.There are mods that can change traffic and turn off the speed governor in your truck if you also wish.Do not play this game without a controller (Xbox 360 one is awesome for this) or a steering wheel. Keyboard steering is not fun. It will take a few minutes to get your controller dead-zone and sensitivity just right, so don't get too frustrated.Also, reversing a rig to a loading dock is apparently the hardest task on the planet. They have a new feature in this one that allows you to skip it at the expense of bonus XP. I always do it. It's a ♥♥♥♥♥ but I'm getting much better at it. I can almost do it (like a boss) without using the top-down camera.My biggest negative is that the map is somewhat smaller and more linear than I had hoped (in Britain at least). Many motorway exits are blocked off and you can only get off at a select few towns, which are kept very small and unexplorable due to blocked off roads. I'd really love to just take off and get lost in Europe but the game makes this almost impossible.Perhaps some modders will release a less linear and more explorable map. There seems to be a decent modding community for the game."
76561198149294758,Recommended,227300,20212856,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,God,It's awsome game thanksÇekemeyen Anten Taksın
76561198193220043,Recommended,227300,20232717,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,NEW acc. : AnDiS,"Great game, nice updates."
,Recommended,227300,20219444,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,gay.,"Intricate mechanics, steady challenge progression, captivating story and writting, truly beautiful ending and art style that complements the gameplay perfectly..8/8-IGN.""Phenominaaaaaaaaaaal"" -Eminem.""AWESOME!"" -Nerd³"
,Recommended,227300,20220681,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,APX,-
,Recommended,227300,20216609,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,*UniT*,BE
,Recommended,227300,20234184,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Den Hvite Ulven,It's addictive and one of the best sim games.
,Recommended,227300,20234386,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Just_Water,i dig
76561198271724378,Recommended,227300,20203482,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Teaman,Great game to help improve your driving skills. Even if you are too young to drive on the roads you can learn some basic leasons.
,Recommended,227300,20204302,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,grant565,great game
76561198254908263,Recommended,227300,20205105,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Belfer,:D
,Recommended,227300,20186449,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,hfz08,Addicted. thats all i can say
76561198211128144,Recommended,227300,20175426,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SweeT|LoViN',Very good game!!
,Recommended,227300,20175475,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ddeel24,"When I first saw this game I was wondering who would like a game that all you do is drive around but, dont be fooled this game is spectacular. very fun and very addicting. Realistic driving, easy parking aslong as your not a tool and know how to park a 40 footer 100% controller support which is great."
76561197970080475,Recommended,227300,20173012,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Wolf Darkspear,You have a truckYou drive itYou get moneyYou drive some moreYou get more moneyKeep going...It does what it says on the tin.
,Recommended,227300,20183243,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Anti Cap,"Having played this game for over thirty hours at the time of writing this review I feel confident enough to review it now.I picked up the Euro Truck Simulator 2 Deluxe Bundle at the recommendation of a friend. I paid about £30 something at the time and got a bunch of rubbish games with it that I played for about seven seconds before uninstalling. However this game was worth the £30 alone.Euro Truck Simulator is a super basic game. You drive a truck from point A to point B, that's really all there is to it. But don't let that put you off. You still need think about how to turn corners without crushing your cargo, when to indicate, etc. It's pretty realistic. Also, if you go too fast you can tip your truck which I have done a couple of times...It has full controller and racing wheel support and soon I plan on getting a racing wheel to enjoy this game to the fullest.The unintended side-effect of this game is how relaxing it is. Cruising down the motorway in a truck, listening to the real radio stations provided to you in-game. It's a great game to unwind with. But be warned. Longer journeys can take a very long time to complete and there is a real genuine risk of falling asleep and having your truck crash during the few seconds your eyes were closed. My tip? Don't bother with the long distance hauls unless you're very very awake and alert.Apart from that though, I give this an easy 10/10. Especially with all the DLC currently available."
,Recommended,227300,20183378,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ScreaM #BEAST,This is the best game!
,Recommended,227300,20181114,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,stau ca vulturul pe stancă,Iz gud. Rly gud.
76561198122531560,Recommended,227300,20192508,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Logel123,Grate game
76561197989774224,Recommended,227300,20193963,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SniperUltoNoDaleste,baixe um podcast que vc goste e pegue a estrada...
,Recommended,227300,20195254,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,the_planet_of_attackkat!,Really fun game! Makes me like sitting and driving for long peroids of time :P 9.9/10
,Recommended,227300,20195346,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jaimera,The best truck simulator so far. And has radios. Real radios. Buy it!
76561198145930141,Recommended,227300,20173837,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tol1k,goog game
,Recommended,227300,20172015,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,talktochuck,This game is oddly relaxing. Not sure why I enjoy it. But I do. Buy this game. Do it. Now. You. Yes you. I see you. Buy it. (And maybe the DLC too!)
,Recommended,227300,1576466,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,ixenox,классная замена серии Дальнобойщик!
76561198020101165,Recommended,227300,9980729,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,F8L L0G1C,"Absolutely awesome, I love this game and everything it stands for.  I can say, coming from a transport background that the interiors of these lorries/trucks are definitely authentic.  One thing which might be nice would be TrackIR compatibility for seeing where you're going when turning but a wheel is definitely a must for this game and if you're really serious about it, pedals.  Beautiful scenery, lighting and rain effects are awesome and definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,227300,9981212,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,O'Beast,Good game for hoping on and having a calm drive :p
76561198017431200,Recommended,227300,7691555,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Intronerded,I can't even explain why this game is so fun. It's the game version of a road trip. But I can't stop...
,Recommended,227300,9985919,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,LittleRedCadi,love this game. its so awesome.
76561198084605468,Recommended,227300,10081416,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Chad Frass,"This game is amazing. If you are looking at the comments to try and decide wether to buy this or not, QUIT WASTING YOUR TIME AND BUY IT ALREADY!"
76561198078175920,Recommended,227300,10082422,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,N.Castellano,"Huge map to drive around, and also expandable. Lots of trucks and lots of options to customize them. Great game!"
,Recommended,227300,10085526,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,KillTrigger,"Great time killer. Of all the simulators out there, this is the best. I can't wait for the third. There is only one con. If you plan on recording this game, it does lag a little bit, otherwise the game is flawless."
76561197990317764,Recommended,227300,9948596,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Scotttyyy,"Fun game, relaxing. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,227300,13164900,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CZ2267,welp this game is fun :)
,Recommended,227300,13167372,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Visser tradeskinsfast.com,A fun game to help you relax. Controls and graphics are amazing and the radio feature is a plus.
,Recommended,227300,13167517,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Caplan Robert,Nice game !
,Recommended,227300,13168837,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ca1vin04,Really enjoy playing this game! Great stress reliever in my opinion. Just a simple driving game that you can even use as a complicated game. Would deffinitely recomend if it is on sale
,Recommended,227300,13169018,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,[SC11] J Al Alawi,once you have started adding mods to thuis game you start seeing what kind of things you will see in ets3
76561197995829836,Recommended,227300,13169469,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SupaHotFire❗,Is a good game
76561198164354261,Recommended,227300,13169827,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,jordan.cowie18,i love that game and i playing it so well and how to get a peterbilt 379 truck on euro truck simulator ?
76561198116799793,Recommended,227300,13113465,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,(L&K) TheAwesomeCanadian,Euro truck simulator 2 is a good hauling game good hauls
76561197976224882,Recommended,227300,13170054,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CopperHound,This is the best internet radio streaming software I have ever used.
76561198047551497,Recommended,227300,13171651,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,wyckoff74,I'm in love
,Recommended,227300,13001161,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,MaximusFagimus,AI system is just terrible...But it's kind of a nice experience to play this
76561198085697760,Recommended,227300,15869979,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Shana,"This Game Is Awesome!!! It allows others to fulfuil their passion for driving or trucking and able to teach you how to drive properly.Also, you will never get bored of the game as you can always add mods into the game making it a never-boring game for you.Played for 100+ hours and still ain't bored of it. Everything's nice in the game"
76561198002097192,Recommended,227300,18469714,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,[IG]zu Pferd,"Best Truck Sim for me. Great community.  Great mods especially the 18, 16 and Super 13 speed mod to add the feel of the manual shifter. Learn how to handle an 18 wheeler in a Sim, or try a real career in the profession: You can't go wrong."
76561198078118969,Recommended,227300,18463521,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,ZtefanW,Seems a nice game
,Recommended,227300,18461791,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,prodigygamer277,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,227300,13188923,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,gooroo7,"At first, I thought this game would be boring.  Just driving a truck around right?  I saw it was on sale for $2.50 and bought it because of the reviews.  Now after playing it, I realize that it is satisfying in the sense of completeing difficult turns and finishing long deliveries.  It also surprised me that following the rules of the road can be fun (although it is also fun not to).  I mainly thought the long drives would be really boring, but the game does a good job of keeping you involved with swerves and sudden exits (very sudden, trust me).  Very happy with my purchase.  Would recommend to anyone."
76561198204128449,Recommended,227300,18462728,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,hydhydie,"Somehow, oddley satisfying"
,Recommended,227300,18455061,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,.exeCutOrLife,Cool game with nice trucks and multiplayer
76561198168646393,Recommended,227300,18475122,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,⚜₭ÎŁŁ£℟⚜,Dobra igra.....
76561198082700345,Recommended,227300,18472114,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,thomasknight,good game
76561198063570798,Recommended,227300,14460534,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,D. Jankovic,"Great game to lose your time on by playing it a lot because it is relaxing to turn on the radio and just go around and transport trailers... as for the multiplayer that thing is awesome with friends holy site it is cool to make 5-10 trucks convoy and then some fool is driving on the opposite side on highway guess what happen... But still Fun time game definitely awesome.EDIT: So after a while, I am back in the game, loving the new DLC`s. Playing a lot of MP mod which improved a lot from last year or so. I am continuing with my trucking"
76561198047827612,Recommended,227300,18474425,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Solanum tuberosum,Great game!
76561198165552902,Recommended,227300,18474535,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Opinionator,I literally do not understand why i like this game - but i do. Extremly calming so great to play when stressed.
,Recommended,227300,18511254,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,BronzeTuna,"I bought this as a joke, a few years in i decided to become a truck driver!This game has been out for quite some time now, It just doesn't get old. Everyday new mods are released (Not saying that all of them are good) Wich means this ''community'' is really enjoying this game, i myself am enjoying this game.About a year ago a multiplayer mod was released and guess what, In the first week no one could get on because the servers were extremely busy, i remember hammering the 'Join' button.9/10, Only because there is no Scania T in the base game, and the Scandinavia DLC is a bit over-priced. But overall a GREAT game! Good job SCS!"
,Recommended,227300,18511404,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Alex,multiplayer is great
,Recommended,227300,18509721,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,「♛」,Excellent game!
76561198225695768,Recommended,227300,18524597,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,awork20,the game is very good but in Mac edition having 12 g ddr3 my game is to slow and not good to play
76561198059830913,Recommended,227300,18505465,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Aiyaaiya,The best game I have purchased
76561198048512816,Not Recommended,227300,18527862,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Bliss,it cant bother my life.
,Recommended,227300,18525911,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,[GB] Illuminating,"This game is amazing. I can spend ages driving around with different kind of trucks and discovering all the places in Europe from my chair haha. The cargo is good and so are the DLC's that don't cost a buttload (like Train Simulator 2016) and you don't need a mega pc to run this game! I couldn't recommend it more, but I'd recommend waiting for American Truck Sim because there is lots of detail on that and they're going to add more states into it once it is released (For free apparently) oh and this game itself doesn't cost a fortune!11/10 would roll a truck again"
76561198017690745,Recommended,227300,29919560,Posted: 14 February,all,qelimak,"A completely must have game if u r addicted to simulations. Superb graphic, superb realism, many real tractors and modifications, many trailers and cargo stuff to deliver, and of course good representation of Europe and their cities and landscape. I travel Europe much and this game is very similar to real orientation points, junctions, even particular parts of roads in many places of european higways I visited. Little poor and dumb-like-drivers physics of ai traffic... Sometimes they drive like mental-impaired. :)"
,Recommended,227300,17883524,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,uipi,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 can be a very fun game. Some people think that a game where you drive trucks is boring, and it can be but ETS2 is not a boring game. In the game you work hard to earn money to buy trucks, upgrade trucks, buy and upgrade garages, and hire drivers, so you have a reason to play. Also there are tons of mods for the game including extensions of the already huge map. You can get new trailers, trucks, and even a car or two! I love this game and have played it 40+ hours now 20 in the past 2 weeks."
,Recommended,227300,17913966,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Unavez,"I bought this game months ago after a friend in Beligium raved how good it was.  After seeing many of his screenshots I thought I give it a try and I'm glad I did!  I totally love this game.  I first started playing it on my keyboard LOL...funny to drive it like this, but the experience was fantastic that it inspired me to go out and purchase steering wheel and pedals etc.  I so love this game and recommend it to driving enthusiasts.  It relaxes me to drive, plan, and just relive some of these roads I once drove/passed by in my younger years.  I have bought the East Europe expansion and love it.  I haven't even explored 70% of the roads, which just gets me excited.  I hope they have Hungarian paint jobs soon!!!  I will also purchase Scandanavian expansion pack soon.  Have fun driving!"
76561198054116612,Recommended,227300,14958921,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,David_le_hamster,"I updated this review from negative to positive knowing that mods are available to make the driving and/or economy more realistic.SUMMARYThis games puts you on command of a truck for delivering goods. You are also the administrator of your own truck company. I would not say it is a terrible game, but I would say that it is only a good game if you are a fan of truck driving. The game could be much better with a higher difficulty mode.TRUCK MODELLINGThere is a nice array of different trucks and cargos, and the landscapes are often pretty. Sounds are decent. Some cabins are so well insulated against noise that it's difficult to hear the engine.TRUCK DRIVING:Truck behaviour on road is ok, just a bit too forgiving in rough situations.Driving sensations are just ok, with a force feedback wheel it feels good. Braking is unfortunately difficult to dose due to (for myself) the unavailablility of a more realistic pedal.Difficulty: much too easy. There are no surprises except a very few obstacles to avoid.Driving code is badly enforced. It is possible to drive like crazy on the emergency lane of the motorway blaring the honk for hours and crush the brakes before the cameras just in time.I think there is no damage to cargo when taking turns too fast or emergency braking, but I'm not so sure. anyway the damage taken is really much too forgiving.Consequences of a grave accident (I mean turning the entire truck over, which is very difficult to achieve unless you drive like a madman) are only a money penalty: you pay for help, you're late, you have less money, and that's all. This is not enough for a simulator.Simple collisions with cars are rewarded only with a slight money penalty, it does not even delay your trip.Truck manoeuvering at the client's companies is interesting for a short while until you have understood how to handle it.Truck maintenance is very easy and it is sufficient to ""repair all"" once a while without worrying about anything. I can say that the maintenance of my own car is far more complicated than that....COMPANY MANAGEMENTIt is limited to buying and enlarging garages, assigning trucks and drivers to your garages and harvest money. The choices you make on the competences of drivers are extremely simple and the trucks you assign to them have no visible impact on the game. The company management part of this game is just incomplete and not sufficient to enjoy it.CONCLUSIONThe game is enjoyable for a few hours and rapidly becomes repetitive, after you have run all the major landscapes of the european roads. It is just too easy. However, I must admit that I still play it after 6 months and bought a DLC. Therefore it is not so bad if you don't mind the lack of challenge. You can also make a nice collection of screenshots with the different landscapes, trucks and cargos, and it has value as a collector tool."
76561198042187334,Recommended,227300,17941566,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,[SAP] Rhodes,I travelled to the north and I'm not coming back. For any Canadians playing this buy Scandanavia right away. The roads and terrain are a lot like home.
76561198008326707,Recommended,227300,17909818,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Artemis *Seven*,"Hands down the best truck driving game in history. I'm writing this review after many new updates and content have come out. At this time the game already feels very polished but new content and fixes keep coming out proving that not every developer abandons their game after the initial sales have dropped.It really takes playing in UHD (3840x2160) to fully appreciate the attention to detail. Which is not to say that it takes serious hardware to do it. GTX 770 2GB easily handles UHD at 60+ fps on custom albeit mostly highest settings. I also love the amount of gameplay customization - you can tweak those options down to the smallest detail just to suit your preferences.The only thing I can imagine at this point that would make the game even better is an advanced business model (as an option of course - some people just love driving trucks and not managing a business). With long standing multiple-delivery contracts, job and route planning for each driver and detailed finances. There are a lot of people who are still waiting for the next Transport Giant game.All in all this is a great game and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to anyone on the spot :D"
,Recommended,227300,17910862,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Dolphin-on-a-hill,really good game
76561198130549082,Recommended,227300,17911054,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Your Grandfather,"It's looks boring, BUT actually it's one of the funnest games I have played!"
76561198038245790,Recommended,227300,4505775,"Posted: 15 February, 2013",all,Champix,excellent
76561198133795547,Recommended,227300,17926038,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,kjhall19965,its a good games
76561198131152580,Recommended,227300,17922351,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,MR.J,I'm still driving this truck driving this big ole truck.
,Recommended,227300,17932869,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,The Fixer,"Definitely a blast to play. I appriciate that there's a career aspest with garages and hired drivers, but I mostly enjoy just cruising around with loads. Scenery is great and it's not too demanding on resources so I can still play with pretty high graphic settings.Definitely invest in some sort of a controller or steering wheel though. Driving is very hard with just a keyboard and mouse."
76561198030899632,Not Recommended,227300,17949357,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,YoureUhPeein,"I was really on the fence on whether I was going to give this a thumbs up or down on the game.  I have had fun and it really isn't that expensive of a game.  The progression system is pretty cool.  The management system is pretty good too.  The game itself you basically are driving down the interstate at the speed limit trying to drive straight, which isn't all that fun.  The scenery is beautiful though, the devs did a great job making a beautiful landscape.  With all of those positives I am still going to have to give it a thumbs down.  The AI traffic is just horrific, there is a lot of times I will take corners to fast and hit something,  or just not pay attention and bump into someone.  Those are deffinitely my fault, but most of the time it isn't my fault an Ai driver will just nail me from behind and it won't give me a traffic offense but it causes 3% damage which is about 5,000 euros.  I've had drivers just turn on there blinkers on, and drive right into me, and it writes me a ticket saying it was my fault.  I was driving on a highway at 55 mph/90kmh with no stop or yield sign and a car stops at a stop sign at a T intersection and then just goes right in fron of me.  I slammed on my brakes but it still did about 12% damage to my truck.  In the real world his insurance would be paying to fix my truck.  Unless they fix the Ai or come up with some Traffic court simulator DLC with it I don't think I can recommend this game."
,Recommended,227300,17966101,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,TakMachine FPS™,"I played a lot this game cracked,now i bought it on steam, i played a little bit in multiplayer and its so good. Really nice game"
,Recommended,227300,17976199,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,CyberDrift,Even truck drivers play this game after driving trucks in the real world. They dont notice a diffrents!
,Recommended,227300,17961719,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Rusty™Renesis #OKC405,"Amazing game to Relax and Chill out.If you have a wheel you should get it.The game is 100% modable.Its has Amazing Graphics, Mechanics and Physics."
,Recommended,227300,17964782,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Krazy,Such a fun game i can play this game all damn day! amazing graphics and great handling!!
,Recommended,227300,17950213,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Tony ₩,Fun game to roleplay on and the only down spot is multiplayer is not working for me
76561198181094562,Recommended,227300,17958973,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,ProfessorP3PP3R,dont have a powerfull laptop so was worried about buying pc games so brought it on a win and i do not regret it.
76561198339351460,Recommended,227300,30524458,Posted: 15 March,all,HighOffLemons,"This game is perfect for the people who like to relax after a long day or like to chill with some music.In-game physics are greatGraphics are at a very good standard for this type of game.Offers hours of gameplay from different trucks and trailers, Huge maps at a 1:35 scaleOption DLC which adds a whole new part the game with new scenary and various changes in roads.Game works well with a controller with some slight changes in the settings but would recommend a wheel it 900 degrees of rotation for 100% accuarcy on the road and for the realism.The game has a huge and wide range of community memebers that make some of the best mods that I have ever seen with various trucks, trailers, maps and much more!If you are looking to buy this game I'd reccomend it for sure. Great for anyone of any age and offers so much for the base game."
76561198101812406,Recommended,227300,17955231,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,GBY99,Very nice.
,Recommended,227300,22490391,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TheSithElite,This is a time consuming game. Amazing.
,Recommended,227300,22512648,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Space Pirate Ninja,Why do I like this game it is just driving
,Recommended,227300,22510109,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,#FIXMYINTERNET2016,best game ever
76561197977889191,Recommended,227300,22509252,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,ThreeDeeVision,This game with the Rift and a G27 is a pretty amazing experience.  The headtracking is spot on with the settings on high and I am not getting any FPS dips in the cities.  Granted I have a Titan X and 5960x OC'd.  It is pretty awesome cruising down the highway listening to my favorite music.  This is a must have for Rift owners.  Be sure and opt into the latest beta 1.3 branch and put -oculus in your launch options.   Happy Rifting!
,Recommended,227300,22506186,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,THEG|JD-Gaming,"So... I love driving games, and I have always wanted to experience what driving lorries wou.d be like, and then when I joined Steam about 1 month ago, I had already heard of Euro Truck Simulator 2 and I decided to buy it, and my god was it worth the money.. The driving is amazing, it feels so real and the mods you can get for the game to make it all the more realistic is amazing, credits to the community for the mods and also credits to SCS for making such an amazing game, this is definitely gunna be one of my most played games if not the most played game in my games library, totally recommeded :)"
76561198167620316,Recommended,227300,30755379,Posted: 26 March,all,compjake123,This game has blown me away. It is a really fun game and I can honestly spend hours on it. The graphics are stunning. The views change so much when entering another country and all the other little details you find are just great. Very detailed inside the cab too acts like a real cab and the steering is just right.
,Recommended,227300,15583811,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Wes,"I, too, was a non-believer regarding ETS2. Now I'm delivering 20T of misc. cargo across Europe in a beautiful Scania truck while some Polish radio host talks about the weather and never felt happier."
,Recommended,227300,21152521,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,homonculus1,u can play perfectly on 12 fps 5/7
,Recommended,227300,22499883,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Sam21,"This game is simulating the truck driving simulator and i think this is a simulator more than a game.Although the AI is still silly,this game is very real.I play it everyday and think its fun to driving a truck so it is worth to buy a simulator like this."
76561198016798231,Recommended,227300,22500185,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Talmar Xaan,An excellent driving game. The best driving simulator I have ever played. Keep up the good work!!
,Recommended,227300,22476693,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,davidreid.14,its amazing
76561198246903828,Recommended,227300,19672733,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,edp2511,Best game I've ever played. I would give it 4.5 stars just because it can lag a little. I reccomend the Scandinavia DLC because it is modern.Just a question. Can you put the traffic densaty up or is it a mod? ;-)
,Recommended,227300,22472157,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Enderinnabox,"It starts off as a joke buy to mess with your friends and slowly turns into an addiction for which there is no cure. Your friends start to disappear, not willing to support your excessive need to drive trucks in a virtual environment. You start losing your emotions and soon enough become a husk of your former self. The whirring sounds of your truck's wheels and the shine of your backboard light become your only comfort during your trips from Berlin to London. Everything starts to fade to black as you lose full control of your mind, a tiny trucker voice in your head taking control of whatever it can. Your organs start to fail, you wonder how it ever came to this. Then, a releasing sound, could it be? Yes, it is, a speeding citation. It's not much but it's enough to snap you back in to control, you close the game, you take a breath. . . you're free.. But you have nothing else to do today, and your delivery wasn't complete! Better just launch up and finish it, what could go wrong?10/10 Would ostricize self again"
,Recommended,227300,22471552,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Vision,good game
,Recommended,227300,21686568,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Grav™,"Fun GamesIf you like simulator driving games, this game is amazingAwesome gameAnd, You can play with your friend in multiplayer"
76561198180625773,Recommended,227300,20879668,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,{TLG} kiansmith555,it will not start i played it on my laptop but on my pc soon on start up its crash
,Recommended,227300,21721794,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,aryoprasetio,very good game with good graphic
,Recommended,227300,30728737,Posted: 25 March,all,Coldplay,Great Game.
76561198288935893,Recommended,227300,21831632,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,chrisym19,I'm having problems playing this game. It keeps on crushing soon after loading or during loading. What can I do to fix this? Any help?
,Recommended,227300,21448757,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,SkaMon,I love this game!
,Recommended,227300,5266969,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,dawookiemonster,You dudes need this game in your life. Like. Fer sers. Dis game be life changing.
,Recommended,227300,17227333,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Tech3599,!@#$ THE U.K.!
,Recommended,227300,17228710,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,jakey1995abc,"""HONK HONK!"""
,Recommended,227300,17229096,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,KAL255,good game good graphics
,Recommended,227300,17229573,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Damas Purnama,Like this Game so muchhhhhh!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,17231454,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,CAR3Y4,"If youve played 18 Wheels of Steel since you were a kid like I was, then you will love this game and then some."
76561198068382426,Recommended,227300,17231531,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Apricot Theory,Good game but the price tag is ridiculous. I got it on sale and it's pretty relaxing driving on the highway listening to music.
76561198054205009,Recommended,227300,12327980,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Alfonzo,Awesome!
,Recommended,227300,17364999,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,StrickeNoNF1r3e,Classic game!
,Recommended,227300,17365707,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,leel brumstik,Car hits trailerDamage 34%Vehicle crash offence -400 Euros10/10 much realism
,Not Recommended,227300,17367962,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Pistashio,"Over all this game is dull and boring. It gets old very fast, there is not enough mods to make it unique, the DLC cost more than the game itself and really changes very little. Game play wise driving the trucks are rather easy but can be made harder though mods or settings. Over all if you are like me and get bored of just driving don't buy this as there is not enough to really keep interest."
,Recommended,227300,8347858,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Stephen Easley-Walsh,Fun simple game.
76561198240857184,Recommended,227300,17370633,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,CP_Spector,I Love the game
,Recommended,227300,17370675,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Lauri,"I say its a great game, But Can you please put multiplayer in!"
,Recommended,227300,17373032,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Thrash076,"Great game.I may not play it that much, but it is a very relaxing game and feels very realistic. I enjoy games like this. I definately recemmend for any racing/simulation fan."
,Recommended,227300,17373553,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,YCKMMF,"A pretty fun game with even more fun with the multiplayer mod. Unfortunately it gets boring after a while because it's always the same. If you like simulations, it's a cool game though :)"
76561197980547273,Recommended,227300,17373674,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Metatron,It's pretty good. Nuff said.
76561198079634434,Recommended,227300,17374535,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,kamakazi20012,"It's not very often a game comes along that captures all the senses.  Euro Truck Simulator 2 does that and more!  If you ever wanted to know what it was like to be a truck driver this game will put you in training from being a driver for hire to owning your own trucking company.  The developers have done  an excellent job providing various truck models, a very large as life map to explore (I've been playing for 9.4 hours at the time of this writing and I haven't even started to explore the map), and lots of various cargo types that need hauling.  If you have any plans make sure you do those first before playing this game...you might just decide not to stop or lose track of time.  Seriously...this is the only game of its kind and it doesn't get much better than this!"
76561198168646450,Recommended,227300,17375089,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,mrg2327,"I really enjoy playing this game, one thing I would add would be stop ahead signs, and give way ahead signs into the game. Other than that the game is great."
,Recommended,227300,17376594,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,DinoPanda,"I have no idea why this game is so interesting, fun, and addictive but it just is. Its a must to try atleast once.11 Speeding tickets / 10"
,Not Recommended,227300,17761257,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,TwoLooseScrews,WHATEVER YOU DO DONT BUY THIS IT IS CONFUSING AND A♥♥♥♥♥♥♥WASTE
,Recommended,227300,17766243,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,mayhem™,Relax is all about it!
76561198233797064,Recommended,227300,17769914,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Marki662,very good game over all not so keen on the mods but could play for hours cheers ????
76561198056215625,Recommended,227300,17336981,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,❤Kyanna­❤,"The most fun and relaxing Truck Simulator ever. If you are into trucking, this game is made just for you. 10/10"
76561198054302873,Recommended,227300,17338762,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,KairaK,Slow paced time killer. Nice game and great trucks and graphics. Do not expect plenty of action. Precision skills needed.
76561198006727752,Recommended,227300,17339145,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,GHOSTSERGEANT,"On a rainy day...this is the game to pass some time.  Go for a drive....specialy in rigs that cost $250,000 or more!"
76561198197271935,Recommended,227300,17339325,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,chace_barber,"I thought this was just going to be a fun driving game to kill a couple of hours, it's so much more when you consider all the growth of your company and management of drivers.  Its a simulation of the entire trucking industry."
76561198160277818,Recommended,227300,17339681,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,monkey3321,this game is a very good simulator to play you can build an empire and you are in control of it all so what are you waitiing for buy this game now!!!
,Recommended,227300,17340852,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Carrot Cake,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a great game for those who enjoy relaxed, slow-paced games, which can be explorative and interesting. The game is first and foremost a simulator, meaing you have to use your signal lights, use your windshield wipers when it rains, turn on your lights in the dark, etc, etc. All of this leads to a very immersive experience wherein you can drive across the entirety of Europe without leaving your home. You can haul all types of cargo, you can start a trucking business and become a trucking empire!I do have a few issues with this game, but the overall quality greatly outweighs the negative aspects. The speed limit in the U.K. lowers at certain points, and then a speed camera snaps you for going over the speed limit! Another issue is the optimization; for me, the game can lag and become choppy at seemingly random points, although my overall framerate sticks above 60 FPS.In the end, it's a great relaxation game with great simulator elements, I reccommend it, but if you're into fast-paced games, stay away.9.6/10"
,Recommended,227300,17341511,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,OutThisLife,amaze
,Recommended,227300,17337899,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,☭oath2order☭,It's a great game to listen to a podcast to.
,Recommended,227300,17342851,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Kira,"First, the bad stuff... Unless you have a head tracker, VR headset, or triple (or more) monitors, be prepared to do a lot of looking to the side with a directional pad or joystick. The other thing is, be sure to have a good steering wheel controller and pedals, as you'll need this for this game. NOTE: You can play it with a simple PS3 style controller or XBox 360 style controller, but its best played with a steering wheel, and one that has a gear shifter... Helps get in practice for the manual transmissions that still use the gear shift/stick shift.Second, the WOW stuff, all the paint jobs, nice, but that isn't the fun stuff. The fun stuff or at least if you like simulations is the driving the rigs and doing the parking of the trailers. Yes parking the trailer is hard and I often skip it. However, the long commutes though a bit downing since the trucks are speed governed, it isn't too bad since you can see the sights and sounds.Though, I'll conclude with this... You have to like trucks and enjoy playing simulators to really enjoy this game to its fullest. I like it, but it would be better if I had a dedicated area for a steering wheel controller to be always up on."
,Recommended,227300,17346260,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,custom06silverado,lovin this game like it lot better then Euro Truck Simulator 1 second one is much better and video its sweet looking loving the online play thats sweet frist truckin game I played online it was pretty cool!
,Recommended,227300,17347376,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Tiger,Most terrifying parking simulator ever!!!!
76561198080697544,Recommended,227300,17347762,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,jacc,It is a great game!
,Recommended,227300,17347827,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,thor,Why Not ?
76561198159598996,Recommended,227300,17349035,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,[VR1]AceTheGrace,"Love The Game.Very Good Simulation.Only think is that Could Scs make The DlC Cheaper,Love to buy them but They are abit Expensive.9/10"
76561198168471125,Recommended,227300,17349516,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,sethfoxx,NICE!!!!!!!!
76561198005318421,Recommended,227300,17349815,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Daim [SWE],"GOOD Graphics and i highly recommend this, if you like any kind of racing game this is game for you. 10/10"
76561198133184071,Recommended,227300,14527134,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,The_Juan_and_the_Only,"Thou shalt purchase said game. No, really spend the money on it, its worth it!"
,Recommended,227300,13422781,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,NotASmurf,It is a great graphiced game
,Recommended,227300,13423239,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Akumu Walrus,You get to drive trucks.
76561198151836794,Recommended,227300,13427764,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,donnykebaetens,i like the game because i wanted to be a trucker like my dad but they said i was not good enough now i can be a trucker thanks to this game the graphics are great and the trucks are awaysome its the best game for me and i will keep playing it for ever the people who made this game are the best!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,13428728,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,EveLikesCereal,I have found peace and purpose in life. 10/10
76561198085131791,Recommended,227300,13428857,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,bda2580,"Awesome game, very addicting. Drive around europe delivering cargo, make your own company and build up your little trucking empire. Level up to get more cargo options, like dangerous materials, heavy cargo and deliveries with a tight time schedule. Drive real trucks from diferrent manufacturers, Scania, Vovlo, Man, to name a few. Its a good game to relax, just watch out for the cars controlled by the AI, they like to tap the brakes at 90km/h(55mph) for no reason. Enjoy."
,Recommended,227300,13416217,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,panz0r,Love this driving simulation!
76561197970744459,Recommended,227300,13417176,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,TheDiverM,addictive
76561198068808714,Recommended,227300,13418137,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,rosco23,"I would love for this game to come out for Mac, i haven't got it for Mac only Windows and it is such an amazing game and sucha vast expanse of terrain and amazing weather"
,Recommended,227300,13419062,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Ranger,"Great game, my second most played game. :)"
,Recommended,227300,13273805,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,mikolas.bartos,"Such a game, much fun, very entertaining, wow."
76561198122302587,Recommended,227300,13800496,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,nerdherdmember,vroom vroom
,Recommended,227300,13800561,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Legendaru,"it's a pretty decent Simulator Game, for me it's mostly fun, specialy when i pop my 200Gigs of song collection to burn them wile i play the game :)"
76561198141900987,Recommended,227300,13800635,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,simonspier132,"Awesome... Just awesome... I don't know what it is about just driving a truck around Europe, but somehow this game makes it awesome..."
,Recommended,227300,13801981,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,DanDoity,"Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at FPS? Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at games where people having more skill than you just makes you want to scream? Me too.That's why I have this.Prescription Strength ETS2, guaranteed to calm you down in as little as an hour and have you back in the game.Side effects may include Driving all over Europe, Hitting cars with trailers, Always being broke due to high Diesel Prices. ENJOY!"
,Recommended,227300,13802319,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,wathdrew,A disturbingly enjoyable game about European landscape and trucks.
76561198070808379,Recommended,227300,13804204,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Gerbrando,10/10
76561197977470154,Recommended,227300,13804206,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Rupbio,Should be boring but it's not.
76561198114542538,Recommended,227300,13804278,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DUBTRICKS93,wonderful game graphics 10/10 good price for one of the best simulators out there if u like realistic truck driving games this is the one
,Recommended,227300,13805836,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Archrandom,"Why is this game so good? ... I have no idea but it is... So good, renewed my faith in Simulators as a genre."
,Recommended,227300,8195378,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Zeratur,Highly yes and yes this is best driving simulator.+Whole Europe mapSlovakian mapRealistic driving (some bugs but ok)And all trucks that are in Europe-Bit LaggyFrance
,Recommended,227300,17566017,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Ex_mp4,"well, what can i say,..this game is a game that make you relax, enjoy the scenery, admire your truck, listen to the radio while driving on a long distance but i know there is nobody perfect right? here the pross and conspross :- a lot of choise of truck- traveling between a country make you want to travel to that place literally- the community is huge- listen to your mp3 collection or streaming radio when travelling- easy to control but hard to master- the weather wow..cons :- the city and environment not to lively enough ( bird, pedestrian who walking around/ perhaps some random event such a accident, police chase ).and one more thing ..this is for the squel- please make the online much more connected to other player (so as a user you can met on the road, help each other )that's it enjoy guys"
,Recommended,227300,13886136,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Mr Spoon,"Strangely relaxing, remarkably engaging and supremely FUN!Give this one a go, it's suprisingly good."
76561198147930149,Recommended,227300,17574907,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,McTaters,A dream game for adults and kids alike. Happy trucking
76561198040912954,Recommended,227300,17514566,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Purechaos123,"You know what's better than going on an actual road trip across Europe, which is boring?Going on a VIRTUAL road trip across Europe, which is fun!Somehow."
,Recommended,227300,17575229,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,7H3D0N4LD,Great Game!11/10 IGN Would Get Stuck In Traffic Jam Againn
76561197982833337,Recommended,227300,17577691,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,RatBastage,"This is such an odd game, I found myself playing it as a way to relax.It was just nice to drive through Europe hauling random stuff. I am looking forward to their new game American Truck Simulator with hopes it will be even better. I can use the relaxation :)"
76561198136213507,Recommended,227300,17629665,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Ed,"ETS2 - Great game! Very detailed, very addictive & highly recommended to all."
76561198081174857,Recommended,227300,17632732,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,badseanboy,great game :-) love it
,Recommended,227300,17633157,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Nathan,gud..
76561198162050479,Recommended,227300,17636308,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Walter_White,its very fun with a friend in mutiplayer
76561198063450316,Recommended,227300,17637002,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,DeadMilkman,What's better than driving in the middle of nowhere Slovakia? With a huge tank of propane on your tail and Billy Joel in the air on a beautiful European night.
76561198128231921,Recommended,227300,17594347,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ST341TH ACE,I love this game alot
,Recommended,227300,17595334,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Donnie,Spent 13h just driving to other countries with friends. Good times... Bad times...
76561198032286541,Recommended,227300,17600139,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Barney Rubble,"Would have thought this game to be boring but its quite addictive, Great game to relax to, lots of mods to enhance trucks as well. Hire drivers etc to earning more cash for mods lol"
,Recommended,227300,17601428,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,kingjoe336,game good concept with quite good graphics. would recommend it to anyone who loves cars and trucks
,Recommended,227300,17601507,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,☆ CoCacOLa ☆,I recommend
,Recommended,227300,17288885,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Kaiser Wheelhelm,Just relax and play this game.
76561198135462106,Recommended,227300,17602324,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Tsawyer123,"Greatest simulator ever made definetly worth the money, hours of fun (provided you enjoy driving)"
,Recommended,227300,13508035,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,xenonn',"So relaxing...If you dont know what should you do with 5 euro, just buy this game :)"
76561198195168686,Recommended,227300,17605940,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,maxcar9999,One of my favorite games but the ai is so stupid and they go so slow that you rear end them way too much. Also if you get this game don't turn off the speed limiter because you get so many tickets for speeding and it costs you a lot of money. I think this game is really relaxing.
,Recommended,227300,18171168,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,King Alex,omg the best simulator in the world))
,Recommended,227300,18175378,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,ashadieu,"EATING SAUSAGE ROLLS AND CORNISH PASTIES CRISPS AND JAFFA CAKES, DRINKING COFFEE AND SOME RED BULL ON YOUR SCHEDULED TACO BREAKS, YOU WORK AWAY FOR SEVERAL DAYS LIFE ON THE ROAD, YOU'RE A LORRY DRIVER"
76561198156790594,Recommended,227300,18244280,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Dexterdog,best sim I ever played..good grafics.not laggy.I play it on road trips. really realisticbad side.a** hole npc s
,Recommended,227300,17019770,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,TTJ Kensei,9/11 truck fuel doesnt melt steel
,Recommended,227300,18194023,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,BMWI8,HOLY MAMA THIS GAME IMPROVED NOW WITH BETTER CRASHES YES!!!!!!!! 10/10 Crash truck pay toll deliver crash toll deliver 10/10 would do it AGAIN!
,Recommended,227300,18214431,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,samrocketman,An amazing game with great physics and mechanics.  I can't recommend it enough.
,Recommended,227300,18233739,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,S99,Very Fun Game.
76561198046795168,Recommended,227300,18233934,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,chilli beef,"amazing game, was really surprised how good the game engine is, excellent grapphics and gameplay."
76561198070162575,Recommended,227300,18172013,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,troybakerz,"Hours upon hours of relaxing gameplay. The scenery is quite gorgeous, and the trucks even more so. It can be quite addicting to level up and do more difficult jobs (such as premium cargo and long distance)."
76561198206827865,Recommended,227300,18188031,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,DraGonMasteR7,thnx for the beast game
76561198104753724,Recommended,227300,18186996,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,zdrew79,this game is the best game i play in a long time ...I love it ..
76561198234583340,Recommended,227300,30542604,Posted: 16 March,all,Close this Id today now,Good game
,Recommended,227300,17831255,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Scruffy_Rattray,"Great game, excellent graphics. could use different deliverys and it gets quite repetitive late game."
,Recommended,227300,12639866,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,pepe silvia,"Best if you have speakers with bass, feels like you are driving on road. 10/10 would drive again"
76561198047693439,Recommended,227300,18271449,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,golfs12,love it
,Recommended,227300,18298290,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,BranMuffin,"This is quite an enjoyable game, though it can get somewhat tedious if you aren't in the right frame of mind. Best enjoyed with a steering wheel as you don't have the sensitivity to drive properly with just the keyboard. TrackIR is also reccomended. Looking forward to the American one."
76561198145307514,Recommended,227300,18299612,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,basje01,"Really nice simulating game with a lot potential! I play the game for over a year now, all new changes (Scandinavia update for example) are really well developed. Though the game has much more in it's potential: (1.) serious multiplier, (2.) designing of your cabin (interior and exterior)  such as a custom-made paint job. And at last it would be nice to have some real dirt and damage on the truck, this is unfortunatly not developed yet, btw mountain roads would also be very nice=D.Anyway for now a 9/10 from me, these small improvements could make it a 10/10Bas."
,Recommended,227300,18301929,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,666_CrAzY00MAZAFAKA_666,Very good simulatorThe Multiplayer is best think i ever seeGood work SCS Software
,Recommended,227300,17195317,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Zohnann,"Have had this game for a while and the support from the devs is amazing, they keep polishing this little gem by adding new content and features regularly, and it does exactly what is says on the box really well : Simulating Truck Driving in Europe.Now, try catching me up in my 750hp Volvo Truck!"
76561198169913125,Recommended,227300,17195884,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,merritt.matthewj,"First day, made a delivery from Berlin to Bratislava. Sadly, i did not have any shnapps, benzedrine, or little chocolate covered peanuts, and crashed my Renault near the halfway point"
,Recommended,227300,17196517,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Wheat,Its great for relaxing on a slow night! More enjoyable with the graphic options cranked up.
76561198055847138,Recommended,227300,17201018,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Tay Tay,A great realistic game with constant updates making the game even more accurate to the surroundings/vehicals.
,Recommended,227300,17422505,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Luke,"This game is amazing for chilling out on the road, with great realism."
,Recommended,227300,17434622,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,The Lazy Worker,great game!
76561198240726412,Recommended,227300,17435797,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,katdaddy469,So now that I've finally acuired ETS2 I find myself wanting to drive here instead of my actual trucking job >_< and my wife thinks shes lisa kelly lol
,Recommended,227300,17528479,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Mark (OoieGooie),"I really enjoyed playing ETS2. I never thought a truck sim could be fun! Breaking the speed limit and passing cars at silly speeds is always fun.The game also adds a business model allowing you to build up cash and hire others which is cool.There is a leveling system in which you can earn more money over time. Upgrading the right skills can pull in big $$$.Graphics are nice but could be better. The team is 100% behind the game so new stuff is always in the works.Game has mods.  Mods, mods, mods. Fans use them all the time. I never did. Maybe I should...A good game for those looking to relax behind the monitor and not think too much.*Be aware I lost my saved game and I had maxed out my level and had a huge business. To do that again would take forever and I don't have the spirit to do it again. So, yeah, don't lose your saved games. Back them up at some point."
76561198063173647,Recommended,227300,10383070,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Ayyy Pizza,"SInce I'm cheap, I attempted to, ""casually"" pull in at 90Kph behind the vehicle that had already paid the 8 euro fee for crossing the border...Sadly the gate (or barrier) closed behind the said car when I was about 3 feet away, still traveling at roughly 85 KPH (52.81 Mph) towards it...Amazingly I only recieved 5% vehicle damage, and the barrier (or gate) clipped through my trailer, reversing gravity and sending my truck (and trailer) into the ceiling above. I also trapped the car (I'm actually not even sure how it happened) under my truck. The vehicle attempted to move forward (Even though it was trapped under 70,000 Lbs of metal making up a freaking semi truck). Even more shocking than that, was that it was succesful, and it appeared that it had recieved zero damage when it pulled away. Landing ontop of the moving barrier that made up the border crossing, it was made clear to me that I had no other choice but to pay the 8 euro fee. I paid it, not realizing I was already in debt 100 euros.Pulling away from the border crossing I realized that I had learned a very valuable lesson. Don't try to be cheap and cheta your way through the border to save 8 euros.But more importantly, I learned that you CAN INFACT survive with ZERO DAMAGE SHOWN TO YOUR VEHICLE when you slam into an indestructible barrier at 85 Kph, yet I am still unable to verify this."
,Recommended,227300,17533583,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Meme Wizard,The Euro truck has no breaks.
76561198037717368,Recommended,227300,17534512,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,TéKà,<3
76561198143817457,Recommended,227300,16280046,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,wompingwillow,"Este es un juego fascinante, bastante real, lo unico que no me gusta es que los mapas estan muy reducidos y que las regiones de europa estan bloquedas y hay que pagarlas lo que me parece injusto.Ademas creo que deberian haber actualizaciones gratuitas sobre lo mismo que planteaba antes.recomendaciones:1-crear una zona multiplayer2-de existir una zona multiplayer , se debiera tomar en cuenta aplicar mas leyes de transito.3-crear mas opciones de  las condiciones meteorologicas , como la nieve , la niebla y el viento.Muchas gracias."
,Recommended,227300,17386285,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Tengity,"Love this game, It is just so much fun very relaxing but hard sometimes too just an all around fun game. The graphics are pretty good, i used to try and play with keyboard and mouse was super hard i would suggest getting a controller makes it way more fun!"
76561198057199253,Recommended,227300,17388377,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,maloomjan,"When I play ETS2 I feel my university education was wasted...  I would be better suited to a life on the open road, in my big rig, chewing up open stretches of road while listening to some Clapton. 10/10"
76561198059512439,Recommended,227300,17377085,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Pappy's Grandpappy,"Pros: Is fun gameCons: Should be named fine simulator 210/10 would pay 339,218,391,293,000 euros in speeding fines again"
76561198082098106,Recommended,227300,17388598,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Sky,"Bought this game when I was super bored, wanted to have a good laughGot so hooked that I started to WAVE to other TRUCKDRIVES in game.12/10 would wave again"
,Recommended,227300,17389005,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DeanGeddes,"This is an excellent game. The realism is just unbelieveable. You can drive all across central Europe and the roads in each country actually represent what that country uses. The graphics are superb and very realistic. I actually find this game very relaxing. You can even listen to the radio whist drivng, in any language or play music of your own. I love the way the game shortens the actual distances between cities so you don't actually have to sit at the computer for hours on end. Upon playing for the first time, I was amazed to find that the game recreates the road signs and regualations for every individual country. As soon as you cross a border in your truck, all of the road signs change, just like real life, and from the UK to France you then drive on the other side of the road. The channel tunnel is even in the game! For £5 I thought this game was excellent value. There are a number of different trucks to drive and I can't wait to earn enough money to afford to buy my own one! Then you can just drive around wherever you want at your own leisure. The gaming experience is made ever better by using a wheel with pedals. Overall, if you want a great driving game with outstanding graphics and gamplay, then this is the game to get!"
76561198047608290,Recommended,227300,17389272,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,I'm Treating myself,"Takes some time to get used to this game but it's good.I did have a few adjustment problems, mainly in the fact that I immediately imported my music into the game, listening to metal and stopping at traffic lights got me finned a lot.Also who'd have thunk it, truck drivers need trucks to drive trucks, I think they need to make this clearer before they allow you to hire truck drivers to drive trucks."
,Recommended,227300,17492995,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,AIM,Best game EUW
,Recommended,227300,13136136,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Seven Minutes in Heaven,its cool but its hard to steer if you have bad pc BUT..... Good TRUCK
76561198048493799,Recommended,227300,18326643,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SuperUber,10/10
76561198217394676,Recommended,227300,18308087,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,firefighter12,its a ok game but we need multiplayer then useing a mod
,Recommended,227300,16951098,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,G0RD1N,This game and the only good things are the NPCs ♥♥♥♥ you walk kilometers do not see many cars far fewer people in the streets '0' I think it makes the game through tin looking like you're playing ne an empty placeThe game has good graphics and not cease to be a game to make a good zueira
,Recommended,227300,18334019,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,XxAnt24xX,Well what can i say this is a game if you love to truck u could be on it hours and hours doing jobs all over europe.u can customize your truck how you like it and take it on the road and flash them beacons if you have a heavy or wide load and honk that horn at passersby just like you are sat right there in the cab a lot of fun and with its awsome graphics and weather/day and night cycle it truly makes u feal that you are in the driving seat.with that i have to say i recommend this game and is one to be in your steam library
76561198088839978,Recommended,227300,18316592,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,CookieMunster73,"I have had this game since its 2nd month on steam, and i have been enjoying it ever since, The modding community is still in full work mode, and the new American Truck Simulator coming out in a Year or Two. GET IT NOW!! It so worth 20 bucks"
76561198124602277,Recommended,227300,18329808,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,BatmanS,langa lunga
76561197978649424,Recommended,227300,18337964,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Teosoft,Best Truck Simulator ever till now...
76561197977866937,Recommended,227300,19093464,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Kestrel,"First it's a simulator, not GTA or truck racing.  The game is fun with lots of truck options and upgrades, You can drive, buy garages and hire drivers to make you money.  My only complaing about the game is when using a controler.  It took along while for me to get my settings set right.  The DLC's are affordable and there is an active modding community that make the game worth playing."
76561198083294164,Recommended,227300,19106786,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SS-Obersturmbannfuher.,This game is great. But i don't know how in the hell you can become a millionaire and have 20 trucks. I can barely afford one truck.
,Not Recommended,227300,19078336,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,robeagle,"Fun game for Kids who want to play GTA 5,but in aspects for CONSTANT-playing no Glitches etc, online Abilities, there are none other than Mods, which I think could EASILY have been done by the game makers."
,Recommended,227300,19093934,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Reso,"Awesome game. If you don't have your copy yet, you should give it a try immediately!"
,Recommended,227300,13678193,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,zeigaN,"Everytime I take a sweet nap, I earn .5m€10/10"
,Recommended,227300,13679896,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,tokufriends,"Euro Truck Simulator is becoming better each release/update.Its just fun to unlock all the routes, trucks, and have the peace driving those monsters in quite nice modeled roads.If you want a good driving simulator, this is the one."
76561198098299089,Recommended,227300,13680171,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,mskervin,Stop reading right now and buy this game.
,Recommended,227300,13680563,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,emd.spAdez,Strangely addictive and calming. For those who enjoy relaxing driving simulators and fluid performance.10/10.
,Recommended,227300,13524307,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Злой Вилли,"Игра нормальная,но,кто не хочет играть в эту игру,не играйте.The game is normal,but who do not want to play this game,don't play."
,Recommended,227300,13682377,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Loud,"Its a great game. Thats it, its just a great game to play and drive with. Overall, 9 out of 10. Not too bad of a game."
,Recommended,227300,13683733,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Excited!,"This game seems boring,but as long as you've played for a while,you will definitely enjoy it.I realyy like the feeling of driving a trailor with the roar of its engine."
,Recommended,227300,13693619,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Gudhell,Gas Poll & Nice Simulation Trucking Game
,Recommended,227300,13694751,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,MAGIKBOY IN VACATION,Very relaxing somethimes annoying but really good game if you like to drive miles and miles
,Recommended,227300,13695834,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Giorno,the game that plays the porn games on youtube recommended me this
,Recommended,227300,13698223,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sam,I think this is the newest Truck games <3!
,Recommended,227300,13667172,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,arraiyanamin,i'd have to say this is the best simulator game
76561198055329713,Recommended,227300,13668430,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pixy_Stix,"This game is great.  To add to the authenticity of truck driving, I refrained from showering for days and picked up a meth habit.  10/10."
,Recommended,227300,13669333,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Whquarters,"A good simulator to me is a simulator that fits the description of the title. This game is exactly what the title implies, lots of trucks and lots of road. If you like trucks, this is your game."
76561197964167368,Recommended,227300,13688714,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,p@!,"I was travelling by night, got bored, used the phone to check the lyrics of the music playing on the radio and then I had an accident.10/10 for realism."
76561198075056670,Recommended,227300,13700501,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kobla™,Nice simulator :3
76561198035707673,Recommended,227300,13701777,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Zynxie,It's OK
,Recommended,227300,13703808,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Battle-Scarred Fox,"I don't how, I just, I started playing and couldn't stop."
76561198030697895,Recommended,227300,13728155,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ezrajsmith2,"You can upload your own Music!Listening to the X3: Terran Conflict, and The Witcher soundtracks on the truck's radio while driving made for one of the best gaming experiences I've ever had.10/10."
,Recommended,227300,9162121,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Maccaroni,How do SCS do It. They have such FEW people working on this and this is what comes out! AMAZING!!! The must've taken hundreds (probaly way more) of hours to do this!!! Dang Scs amazing! Just amazing.BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198174958471,Recommended,227300,22099342,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,samsharma22,"i love this game, its totally worth playing"
76561198252449130,Recommended,227300,22104925,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,melindalex,Gud geim. I laic it.
76561197989779946,Recommended,227300,22084443,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Sodokan | bets.gg,"crossing roads all the day, listening to the radio in my truck, i miss the ♥♥♥♥♥es from the road :/"
,Recommended,227300,22061946,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Ma tegin nalja!,Its very nice game!
76561198269378476,Recommended,227300,21470623,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,uniformsuper61,"This is one of the best trucking simulator games that I have ever played. Some things that I'd like to see in the future would be more European trucks such as some classics, more trailers such as double and triple dolley trailers and new features such as more upgrades for the trucks. It would also be nice to see some physical damage such as getting flat tires, cracked windows and just damage in general! Another nice touch to this game would be a multiplayer feature without having to mod the game to do so.."
,Recommended,227300,21868763,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,sotiris007,THIS GAME IS THE BEST SPECIAL THE MULTYPLAYER! BUY IT!
,Recommended,227300,30731266,Posted: 25 March,all,Unseen Cat,"Enjoyable game with a strong, realistic simulator aspect. Kind of a ""cheap vacation"", really.  Yes, distances and time are somwhat compressed, but it's well-thought-out and keeps trips interesting and prevents them turning into endless slogs of same-ish scenery.DLC isn't a big hassle -- outside of map expansions which are reasonably priced for what they are (And worthwhile!), most DLC are options that you can pick and choose from and none of them are terribky expensive.Modding is well-supported and there's a huge amount of mods to make the game more realistic, add variety, or just customize to fit your taste. Not all mods are in the Steam workshop -- there are even more available outside of Steam. Workshop mods are easier to deal with since they're self-updating.The game works well with everything from mouse & keyboard to complex wheels, pedals and shifters. For most people getting started, a gamepad works fine. But a wheel makes it even more immersive. Controls are fully customizable, so you can spread controls across a wheel, pedals, shifter, keyboard and mouse, even a gamepad as a secondary device for extra control of views and things.If you're on the fence, grab the basic game when a Steam sale comes up. It's worth it."
,Recommended,227300,21881630,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,CristiaNNN hellcase.com,Superb Game.
,Recommended,227300,2527732,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,El_Sith,"Un juego muy bien ambientado con una buena grafica y detalles, extenso sin contar con mods, y recomendado para el que le gusta conducir y conducir."
,Recommended,227300,21874480,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,TheForgivenOnes,It's very good and funny
,Recommended,227300,21404095,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,GYZZO,Good Game but it have less city design than american truck simulator but it's still a good game
,Recommended,227300,21250551,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Abbnäsborre,"This game is amazing, it's so fun and relaxing. Pro tip get a wheel with pedals ;)"
,Recommended,227300,21946779,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,The Rookie,"Its a great game that I enjoy at a casual level. I play it for relaxation at the end of a working day, sip a cup of coffee and listen to the streamed radio blended with the rumble of rubber on tarmac. Driving that big detailed shiny truck and flowing with the traffic before the final challenge of snaking my trailer into its designated bay ... or falling asleep and waking up straddlling the motorway.The game struggles a bit on my little hd4400 laptop where I prefer to play it but I'm grateful for the upscaling option that makes it very playable,"
,Recommended,227300,21948484,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Henri Gooch,iT IS GOOD FUN
,Recommended,227300,21945677,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,MonkeyLord,"90 Hours in this game and I can say only one thing. This game calms you soo much. Just driving, driving and driving ^^ The graphics are beautiful and the diversity of this game is just fantastic. I can only recommend Euro Truck Simulator. Furthermore, the community is very creative with the mods they create and the developper support them 100%. Please support Euro Truck and also American Truck Simulator ^^ They, both are very good games."
,Recommended,227300,21908857,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Ayhandro,It's a hell of a lot of fun to ride the beast!
76561198070041192,Recommended,227300,21912386,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,MARTINS ALA,no police of road no fun.  mayby need multiplayer this game or online
,Recommended,227300,21916430,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,♠ A L E X ♠,Good game
,Recommended,227300,21916460,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Tader-Tot,no one knows why this is fun
,Recommended,227300,21891900,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Señor Nigel Thornberry,"love this game! graphics overall are amazing, butter smooth graphics on this one. love how free you are to customize your own truck to the way you want it. cant wait to buy the american version of this game!"
76561197985447365,Recommended,227300,13584127,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,P.JR,You get to drive trucks. I'd say it does a pretty good job of representing that.
76561198069152483,Recommended,227300,13584419,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Kazuki Hakkai,I have no idea what I'm doing but I kind of enjoy doing it.
76561198150680291,Recommended,227300,13584610,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Fery society.gg,good game
76561198006917462,Recommended,227300,13584982,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Renegade,Cant murder a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. 9/10.
76561198131259885,Recommended,227300,13585102,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Fus,I just got in to it and have not played very long. But this game deserves any car or driving freaks attention.
,Recommended,227300,13585637,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,asaad,This is so much ♥♥♥♥ing fun and I don't know why! Highly recommended! Its just meditation!
,Recommended,227300,13586335,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Machiavelli,best relaxing game! :)
76561198119509400,Recommended,227300,8439394,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,THExSPEEDxDEMON,payed 11:49 for it yesterday ugggggg. but if you like simulation games or 18 wheels of steal this is a good game for you
76561198037443070,Recommended,227300,13589883,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Steve [BE],"If you ever dreamed about driving a truck as a kid , this is something for you."
76561198088890298,Recommended,227300,13554589,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Rajakaz,Good simulator!Worth every penny!There are many different mods available on internet! These makes driving more enjoyable!
76561198104937447,Recommended,227300,13554943,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Beats,AN AMAZING GAME 100000000000/10
,Recommended,227300,13555519,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Banana Man,"This is the worst idea for a game I have ever heard of. With that being said, I LOVE THIS GAME.  It is so calming and easy to play. I enjoy playing this while watching youtube on the side."
,Recommended,227300,13556375,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Chicken Nugget Whistle Roy,I hate Trucking but i love this game. I have no clue why. 15/10
76561198156100847,Recommended,227300,13556736,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Boy_Jenkins,Very cool game. needs more maps though.
,Recommended,227300,13557099,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kaiiu,"I have No Idea why I love playing this game!One of the best driving Simulator games I've played so far.10/10 Would Play forever,"
76561198152516541,Recommended,227300,13557207,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,aqua,LOVE IT
,Recommended,227300,13557455,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,umzi,Sit for hours staring at the road. Driving isn't fun in real life but it is in a game. AI is top notch. 6.9/6.9
,Recommended,227300,13557625,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mike Wazowski,"if you want to drive a truck, buy this fish simulator."
,Recommended,227300,13558121,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,λ openglx,Preparing myself for eventual carrer change into truck driving ;)
,Recommended,227300,13549346,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Meta,My only experience with this game so far is this.Starts truckDrives out into roadDrives to highway in VeronaSits in traffic for 10 minutes (in real time not the game's time)Gets angryDiscovers radioGets less angryGets angry again after five more minutesRams truck in front of meContinues to ram truckGets fined 20k overall in damage costsFinishes ramming once my truck is near being completely destroyedTraffic has been clear the last 3 minutes and I was to busy ramming the truck to noticeGets angry againExits gameRepeats.
,Recommended,227300,17220250,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Netshz,"RELAXYou know the feeling when you get in a car for a long road trip? Just you, the car, the road and the nice music that fits perfectly in your traveling mood.That is what this game/simulator is all about. Just you, the truck, the cargo, the (incredibly stupid) AI and the ingame radio.The amount of relaxation you get from this game is beyond me.After a hard day at work or school you just go to you pc boot up ets2 and it's practically the same is getting a massage from your crush or drinking a moghitto on the beach with bellydancers all around.STEERING WHEELSThe greatest thing about this game is the immersion. When you have a steering wheel (the G27 for example), you will see that this driving sim has one of the best configurated Force Feedback systems. You can basically feel the road in the palm of your hand. When you take a turn you can feel the wheels turning in the right direction and the road resisting it.The FFB goes crazy when you hit a wall, drive on dirt or cobblestone and even when your revs are rising. It is that amazing.ENVIRONMENTHave you ever been to the mountains in Austria? Ever seen the clifsides in the east of europe? Been on a citytrip in Brussels? Well if you have don't go away just yet, you can do it again, in a bloody truck!This sim has an amazing environment. Especially when you are in the mountains where a cliff of doom and death is waiting right next to you and where little peace of heaven and beauty is welcomming you in the distance.In the countryside, cows and horses will be greeting you as you pass by, on the highway you can have a look at nicely rendered trees and other vegetations.AIYou might have seen how I praise this game to be declared holy by the pope of videogames. Well, hold on because♥♥♥♥♥♥is about to go down.Nobody has experienced a vast majority of stupidity in AI.As you blink they never get out of the way.Beacons to show them to stay clear of this truck don't seem to help.Right of way... no right of way.When they stop to let me pass by, they start accellarating as I move past.Sigh... sorry... moving on.GRAPHICSIn the last couple of updates there has been major changes on the graphical side of things. And oh boy were they amazing. As you sit within you cabin you can see the dawn come to greet you as the sunbeams flow all the way through the windows and reflect on your sidemirrors. When you are parked you can see every little detail on the road. Thi sim has beautifully rendered textures and an amazing light engine.MODSEuro Truck Simulator 2 is very mod friendly. They even made an interface were you can enable your mods and prioritize them in the last update. And there are many mods out there. From cabininteriors, truck skins, cargo types to even complete map extentions.Overall this game/sim is completely breathtaking while receiving 97/100."
,Recommended,227300,17220262,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Muffins,"A cool driving simulator, with trucks."
76561198012045738,Recommended,227300,17222791,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Literally Shaking,"Get yourself a wheel, it will bring the fun of this game to a whole new level. Cant wait to play this game with Oculus Rift !BTW: Currently my most favorite radio is Country One."
76561198125276103,Recommended,227300,17323134,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,firefoxben68,Great game to chill out with for a few hours. the huge mod availability makes it extra fun. There is more exciting games out there out a doubt but it does grow on you. for todays price its definitely worth buying. always new updates with exciting extra content.
,Recommended,227300,17324009,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Scratch ツ,"I've had a lot of fun with this so far. Here are the points I have to make, which don't seem to be mentioned much elsewhere.-The continent and passage of time are scaled down in size such that an average play session is perfect at one to two hours.-Once you get a bit further in the game, you get to hire truckers that will work for you. In order to do this (and much else), you have to manage your finances somewhat competently. Many may not find much appeal in this, but I get a great deal of satisfaction from seeing my employees making money, and watching the amount of money I have left to pay back to the bank steadily shrink.-Lastly, this game has Oculus Rift support. I haven't had the opportunity to play it in VR yet, but I intend to at some point. Link to footage using Oculus:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCYq-suTluoAll in all, it's very worth your money and time."
,Recommended,227300,17324063,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,AaronLee22,"This game is highly addictive, I suggest you all get this if you are thinking about it. 10/10"
76561197992553676,Recommended,227300,17324300,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,HardeKern,"Nice Simulator game, I am very happy with this game and a BIG REVOLUTION AS GRAPHICS WHAT SCS Software used as in Simulators! Great engines and lots of stuff to do! Game friendly. This game u can call A GAME! 101% I cant waitto play the next game : American Truck Simulator."
76561198141095859,Recommended,227300,17325651,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Noah Bud,man i wish i could drive volvo all day long in real life
76561198129955119,Recommended,227300,17326505,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Lucas Klin,This is a perfect game !!
,Recommended,227300,17332464,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Shims,Great game and the dlc packs are amazing. The logitech g27 makes the experience much better
,Recommended,227300,17333332,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,timmus,great game to relax with.
,Recommended,227300,17333959,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Snhunter96,Why is this even fun? F*** knows but I love it
76561197965532153,Recommended,227300,17334323,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Deathcondor,Fun!
,Recommended,227300,17649281,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[SWE]EXTREMA_Ola,"This is a really good game if you like trucks, looks amazing and is realistic, strongly recommend this game for anyone thinking of buying it (It is much more fun if you have a steering wheel ;))"
,Recommended,227300,17681072,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,JuliusModz,if your into truck driving games this is the one for you.
76561198065060354,Recommended,227300,6381510,"Posted: 20 January, 2013",all,oliver_aguilar010,"Hi everybody, I recommend this game, it's entertaining, has good graphics, thoughtful details, not the best simulation game but at least it's something different from all simulation games we know so far.I suggest you download the demo on the website.  :)"
,Recommended,227300,17867383,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Esquared,A great relaxing game that can take away the rage you get from playing Counter Strike.
76561198020310336,Recommended,227300,30520425,Posted: 14 March,all,TRG71,I keep coming back to this game because it's just relaxing. It's simple. It's well made.It's not very complex but it doesn't need to be. It would be great to play with a steering wheel setup.
76561198220780220,Recommended,227300,17864399,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,1 Liter of Mountain Dew,"This game is an awesome simulation game. I like racing and driving games so I like this very much. The game is so cool since you can do jobs for money, free roam while gaining experience to level up and discovering new cities and customizing your truck to make it look awesome plus the wonderful graphics along with the scenery and locations. It also gives you a look or feel on how truck drivers struggle to deliver many cargos to many destinations so kudos to the truck drivers.I rate it 10/10 :) :) :) :) :)"
,Recommended,227300,17863780,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,IAmTheJJ,"I'll be honest, I bought this when it was on sale for a giggle. And what a purchase it was. I thought to myself ""How good could this possibly be?"" And honestly, it's strangely addictive.You start as a lowly independant driver and you build your way up to having your own successful company.You drive all over Europe doing various jobs, and the scenery for the most part is lovely. Cities, although limited in their roads, often have a distinctive landmark visible which is a great touch.I find myself constantly coming back to this when I fancy playing something that isn't very intense, or if I want to play something with no dialogue while I listen to music/videos/podcasts.ETS2 is seriously worth buying either if you want to build your own empire, or if you want something less intensive while you chill out. The driving can get a bit tedious, but it's very good with TV/videos on a separate screen."
,Recommended,227300,17878047,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sama 'El,Good for a simulation game: 10/10
76561198089300806,Recommended,227300,17877603,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,jeremys_20,"Amazing Game, hours and hours of great, scenic driving."
76561198181493503,Recommended,227300,18148532,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,H R B,very fun game but for mac users like my self dont expect multiplayer still there isnt multiplayer for mac wich makes me so sad but still a very fun game everyone should try it .
,Recommended,227300,18147565,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Sir.,fat map
76561198087462596,Recommended,227300,18121854,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,joshuamcmillan94,This game is fun getting to drive trucks round
76561198121714474,Recommended,227300,18128762,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,[JNR-SNR] Jon,Nice
,Recommended,227300,11179573,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Chrom,"Very interesting Game . I played only 9,5 hours per now but it is have many good sidesMore RealismNice models of trucksIf you like driving you should play itSmall bad sides . Driver could not go out in te cabine for example for a get a full fuel limit , and he could not sleep in cabine.But as i say is only small bad sides of this game ,  i bought it on steam salary . For 2,99 euro it awensome game!"
,Recommended,227300,18082930,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,DxD,"LOVE ITit's the best simulator gamebut i hope they add more country because there is no spain, finland, ireland, portugal, etci just hope the new update or new dlc is coming soon."
76561198040863207,Recommended,227300,18137797,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Lone Soldier,"Hi, I LOVE THIS GAME!This is the best simulator i've ever seen!But can you make at least the other part of the Balkans like Bulgaria,Makedonia and Greece.It'll be the best thing ever.Can you tell me if it's gonna be done?I don't care after how much time.Like is it good maximum 2.5 years?And i've played this game like 30 hours,but a copy of it ;)"
,Recommended,227300,18144146,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,zoliio,"Once you've hit the road there is no stopping you!You can drive for hours delivering goods arround Europ.And if you find the online mod, this games get's even better!"
76561198187784598,Not Recommended,227300,18153645,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Yulost2x,"i was playing this gmae and relaly enjoyed it.. all until all of a sudden the game doesn't work anymore. it doesn't load up the roads.. i've unistalled it and nothing... paid for the DLC and just waste of money, very dissapointing."
76561198065450499,Recommended,227300,18156003,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,darkscream117,"People I know say ""Why don't you actually become a truck driver and do this in real life? If you spend so much time doing this in a virtual, meaninless environment, might as well make a living out of it in real life"". But a career as a truck driver doesn't interest me. That's why I like these simulators. They give you a little taste of what the occupation is all about.I really enjoy this game. Recommended!"
76561198048993649,Recommended,227300,16572454,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ongo Gablogian,I downloaded a multiplayer mod and got banned because i crashed intoother players and challenged them to a 1v1 on rust11/10 would rek scrubs again
,Recommended,227300,18117146,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,MitchellTheKiller,I LOVE THIS GAME YOU NEED TO BUY THIS AND THEN IF U WANT MULTIPLAYER GO TOETS2MP.COM
76561198163398368,Recommended,227300,18220860,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,dannhoworth456,"I really enjoy playing this game as the graphics are apsalutely amazing and really entertaining things to do in the game itself. You get to do all sorts of deliveries and lots of Dlc Mod pack addons which allow you to expand your game even more and loads of variety for diffrent trucks with Chassis, Engines, Transmissions, Lights, Air Horns, Beacons, to choose from, even the door handle and footsteps aswell as the mirrors! I Would definetly recommend this game to everyone i saw who was intrested in trucks and haulage, Not to forget though the amazing mod that ETS2 came out with which allows you to go multiplayer so you can link up with your friends and drive together. Also with cab custommization options to soon be arriving aswell."
76561198171450598,Recommended,227300,18209102,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,LLGCO. [OWNER] DoughBoy,Best Game EVER!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,18228071,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Kodak White,I love this game. keep up the good work
,Recommended,227300,18227338,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Aleksey [51RUS],Советую поиграть! После глобального обновления наконец-то добавили меринов. Так же можно играть отдельно в мультиплеереwww.ets2mp.com
76561198156046386,Recommended,227300,16750774,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,mathbunny,"Apart from the title this one is one of the best games I've ever played. Personally I love simulators and while I sometimes get bored this game has a charm that the next day I want to play for another 15 minutes. Multiplayer is excellent on the PC, and the graphics aren't too bad. It runs fairly well and I'd recommend it all in all."
,Recommended,227300,16680662,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Witold Pilecki,Travel across Europe in a truck for only $27.99.
76561198069469111,Recommended,227300,16683471,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Luigi's Drive-Thru Circumcisions,A good game
76561198004061581,Recommended,227300,16686055,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Pink Warrior,Strangly cathartic game when on the open road and some what tense when driving in citys. With an overall aim of building your own company keeping you going.Plenty of neat little features my favourite of which is the ability to play live radio from all over europe while you drive along.  Which left me woundering why developers don't do that more oftern.
76561198143966551,Recommended,227300,16686863,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,bluestarred,So far I like it but need to find the brake key. my home city hamburg is beautiful.
,Recommended,227300,16688069,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Roytazz,"This game is strangly relaxing and does everything right. The trucks drive and feel like trucks, and the terrain kinda represents the real world.Not to mention that there is a very fun multiplayer mod which makes this game even more fun."
,Recommended,227300,16689100,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Michael Kan,very fun game to play.
,Recommended,227300,14347167,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,[Aᴺ] Brax,"Review: Euro Truck Simulator 2This is an Honest ReviewPROS➦ Amazing detail and Physics.➦ DLC is cheap.➦ Includes most of Europe in base game. DLC adds Scandinavia and most of Eastern Europe.➦ The game is actually fun to play, despite its boring look.➦ Realistic Car systems and damage.➦ Theres a really good multiplayer mod.CONS➦ NPC Cars can get bugged at times.➦ First learning the game can be a bit tough.➦ If you don't use a wheel and pedals, game can be a bit awkward to play.MY RATING:9/10DO I RECOMMEND IT:Yes!"
,Recommended,227300,16689246,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Kevin Camacho,"You wouldn't expect this game to be very fun or interesting... but weirdly enough, I can't seem to stop playing it. It's very relaxing, I recommend listening to a podcast or something similar while playing."
,Recommended,227300,16690147,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Xanomead,"I think that what this game does is to show that an idea that might at first sound awful to many people can actually be really great.For me though, I had assumed that the distances you had to travel would be realistically implemented. I was actually looking forward to accepting a delivery job that required 300KM of travel and it taking around 3 1/2 hours or so to make the journey. Instead even though it states you might be travelling at 90kph you can complete a 300km journey in perhaps 30 minutes. I can understand that they'd do this as this is a game, and you progress in it by completing jobs and earning money, eventually enough to buy your own truck and start your own company, and if each job required several hours of time to be invested it would severely limit how far the average person could ever progress.Nonetheless I was looking forward to taking long trips that would take me several hours while listening to podcasts and lectures that I've been meaning to listen to.Perhaps if there is ever a Truck Simulator 3 this might be somehow made an option, and maybe we might get some accurately modelled cities. I could understand if it would be too expensive for the company to model the buildings and landmarks found in so many cities, but perhaps a tool that made it easy for community members to submit building models and locations would make it possible. Modelling roads ought to be easy enough as much of that data is available, and perhaps projects like openstreetmaps have licenses that might allow the data to be used for free in the game, and if not perhaps the data can be cheaply licensed from some company.I have yet to try the game with my steering wheel as my brother was borrowing mine, but I suspect the game would be much better even though it's decent enough with just a mouse and keyboard.Anyway, despite the game not being what I had exactly hoped for I can still recommend it."
76561198149573167,Recommended,227300,16690336,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,brendynbryan,i love it
,Recommended,227300,16691791,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,徐 ¦ アレックス,"A truck driver has an honour of getting the global economy where it needs to be with every journey they embark on. What a duty that is placed upon them to get what matters to you where you can get them. How astounding are they when they're the ones making such a huge impact on the market that they're the gatekeepers of cash flow?Now, I finally get to virtually experience a good amount of what they experience through Euro Truck Simulator 2. With the respect I already have for these truck drivers on the highways, I'm increasing my respect to them after playing this game, hour after hour, and praising for all the stuff they have to go through - swinging their turns when trailers are attached, dealing with highways at different times of day (especially at night, yikes!) and getting to their destination on time without damaging precious cargo. From video, it appears to be a very boring adventure... but believe me, getting your hands onto the driver's wheel is so much more fun than watching and you're almost immediately diving into the life of a trucker!What I love about the gameplay is the elements of realism that is applied to the game. You're not driving a car, so you certainly can't have a wild time with sharp curves and enter/exit the highway on short notice. You can't just zoom past cars when you have a trailer hitched. You WILL hit stuff at one point and you WILL encounter the blind spots real truckers go through as a part of every journey. Turn signals, engine ""jake"" braking, horns, headlights, shifting, tolls, physics and more - you name it, ETS2 has it covered.I'm impressed by the work of the scenery. It isn't super-duper much, but when cities like London and rural areas out there have a good amount of coverage in detail, it makes for an excellent design when they cover the general aspect of the scenery you'd expect to see in the real world. I'm not a fan of how everything is so uniform because it eventually gives the game a bit of repetitiveness, especially at the dead-of-night hours in the game. However, for the most part, everything is so pleasant to look at - it somehow makes you not want to stop trucking.There are a few kinks that need to be fixed out, however. I have noticed that the game holds you, the trucker, guilty for every account of an accident of considerable impact. You can be the indirect cause and you just might be liable for a €480 damage fee (in the game) or receiving a penalty for being a few pixels ahead of the traffic signal. That being said, the element of ""policing"" in the game is very well missing and gives a very unreal aspect. Truckers, in real life, receive traffic stops as well and the other AI drivers in the game, particularly the Germans, are driving like most Lamborghini owners and are setting the worst example that eventually cause a crash. I'm sure this game isn't set to teach that speeding is absolutely acceptable to car drivers and truckers.Overall, I give this game some great applause for their realistic play, great design and awesome coverage of Europe trucking!"
,Recommended,227300,16692461,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,John EzBake Hollis,Get the online mod for a better time.
,Recommended,227300,16442207,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,mjmarinelli3,"A very realistic driving game. A friend of mine who is a truck driver was over and he played this game and gave it a 9.5 in realism. A steering wheel controller with H-Shifter is a near must for this game to complete the realistic feel.It would be nice if the developers would create a more robust map with more roads and realistic highways. I don't like the way on most highways, the right lane turns into an exit lane. The AI seems to be a bit off too as I've had a few cars drive right into me for no apparent reason.Still all in all, excellent, fun, addicting game."
76561198132438733,Recommended,227300,16443888,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,jack,this game is really good game. its a good game when♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at other game
,Recommended,227300,16445672,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Evozz,Great game!
,Recommended,227300,16530570,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,♫☼qeQe,I like this game very much. I played the first Euro Truck Simulator and i was addicted delivering and driving around. I like the Euro Truck Simulator 2 even more because there is a better grafic and more Features. The game got a bit more realistic and harder to play but very cool.
76561198051079368,Recommended,227300,16760618,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Desulishor,"Where's the fun in a driving game where high speeds and drifting through corners are only a pipe dream? Instead you'll have to (gasps) abide by the speed limits, and watch out for your gargo and even things like traffic rules and fuel economy... But though you'd never expect it, this is still a highly addictive game, if jump into it with an open mind. Part 'flight sim' and part 'football manager' simply learning to handle the trucks (and the trailers which literally feel like they have a mind of their own at the beginning...) is part of the challenge, but the much more addictive part comes from customizing your trucks, planning out your routes and managing your own company... Not to mention, driving without worrying about extreme speeds and nasty-minded opponents is refreshingly relaxing, especially with a good mix playing in the background."
,Recommended,227300,30511505,Posted: 14 March,all,casKd,Enjoyed playing it. Having a good time and the game is well optimized.11/9 would play again
76561198179761595,Recommended,227300,16649051,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Razvy2k,So good
76561198124412247,Recommended,227300,20886397,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,✪ Love GabeN,Put on some Monster cat and Drive your truck to your destination. Make sure to enjoy the beatiful graphics cuz its all about graphics and custom trucks !!!!
,Recommended,227300,20886643,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,LEVINwelve,Time killer very k
76561198099355098,Recommended,227300,21029444,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Rick,Nice if you have a time
76561198127495278,Recommended,227300,21029909,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,stickbwarf,I LOVE THIS GAME :3
,Recommended,227300,20989206,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,lovethegames97,Be me.Have boring girlfriendShe wants to skype all the timeBe me.Plays this game every time she skype's meShe thinks I'm paying attentionWhen in all reality I'm running people off the road and costing my company thousands upon thousands of dollarsGGAnd spoiler alertWe are no longer dating
76561198148650697,Recommended,227300,20989582,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,BowserPlaysGamez,"Really Good game, lots of fun but 1 problem I have with the game is that it will only let me play with LOW graphics. If I want to play with medium or high its goes all glitchy and the fps go all stupid! Doe's any1 know how to fix it or what is wrong with it?"
76561197993450045,Recommended,227300,20984408,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,BattleAxe,"-Started my first trucking job-Got on highway-Didn't realize I was speeding and got fined-After fine, cars are lined up across highway going the same speed-Try to get in fast lane-Tailgate guy in fast lane-He moves over and I pass-Try to move into middle lane, but guy is being a poo poo head- Move over slowly and get fined again for causing bump- Blame guy in next lane and try to smash him into the shoulder guardrail- Completely miscaculate and run into said guardrail-Turn truck in wrong way direction and go full speed11/10 - Would highway destruction ""road rage"" derby again"
,Recommended,227300,20098140,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,nannerpuss,"Good game. Nay, a great game!There's easily 300+ hours worth of gameplay here if you just wanted to do things leisurely. The map is huge and scales nicely, even with the DLC region additions (get those too). There is no stress over anything, save for the Just-In-Time deliveries, which are entirely optional. And ""stress"" is a bit of a stretch to describe those.This is the perfect game to listen to podcasts, music (game has a built-in radio feature for MP3s or internet radio streams) or play side-by-side with slower-paced internet shows from YouTube. The only time during a delivery when you actually need to concentrate is while in a city. The GPS is unobstructive and very well done, but if you disable it or something it might be possible to get lost. Maybe. Otherwise, it's open highway and can be very relaxing while still being fun."
76561198138431643,Recommended,227300,21068038,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ToxicSanta,Great for relaxing
,Recommended,227300,21069430,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Commander Mimi,"I recommend that you truck this game out, Euro gonna love it. It's a pretty simulating experience.... 2."
,Recommended,227300,21068558,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Colt Luger,Great game
,Recommended,227300,21068587,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Vecca,"its ok gets abit boring runs pretty bad, 40fps on ultra with a gtx 760 and the graphics arnt the best for 2013"
,Recommended,227300,21068669,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,lemansgranprix,"Brilliant game, played many hours, has a ton of content."
76561198271917605,Recommended,227300,21065300,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,j.gillmath,amazing
76561198277426324,Recommended,227300,21064463,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Lvl 100 colonel,good game nice pysics
,Recommended,227300,21064744,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Snaphance,"Do not buy, it is addictive and awesome."
76561198279585379,Recommended,227300,20894092,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,callumjenkins1996,love this game
,Recommended,227300,20936967,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Xeculus,"Really fun and time consuming! Open your favorite radio station, download the multiplayer mod, then start the engine."
,Recommended,227300,20935119,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Jacks,"I've had this game for ages now! Love it, can't wait until I buy ATS!"
,Recommended,227300,20934168,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Auto,"This is one of the best trucking games ever. I really reccomend buying it. One thing i miss is Steam Cloud saving, because i recently got a new PC and my progress was gone."
,Recommended,227300,16568932,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Avelino Neto,Very excellent truck game!!
,Recommended,227300,16569212,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,AMK,"Wirklich gutes Game, dauert zwar lange und man muss ein bisschen Geduld haben, Bockt aber definitiv!"
,Recommended,227300,16569836,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Stunt-Monkey,"I am not a fan of trucks really, but for some reason i love playing this game, its one of those games that you can just pick up and play for a single trip when you can be bothered doing anything else and put back down again.But there is something about the art of navigating your trailer through tight spots and around sharp turns that i do love........hmmm strange"
,Recommended,227300,16570210,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,chef,"This game is really nice, its relaxing driving across the continent of Europe, with cheap dlc that goes on ssale like every day. It's also challenging so be prepared."
76561198154706165,Recommended,227300,16572393,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ewayne00,this game is by far the most fun game i've ever played on steam
,Recommended,227300,1722056,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Bundt,Driving down a freeway with a 16 wheeler going 120km/hr jamming to Bon Jovi never felt any better.
76561198116348426,Recommended,227300,16573916,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bolly,"I love love love this game!Not only do you have the driving sim experience but it's got a nice little tweak of business sim in it. You make money by transporting cargo, buy your first truck, improve your garage, buy another truck, hire an employee and vwala.. a business! It's also a very beautiful game with wonderful scenary to look at as you're driving around. You've also got things to do like petrol-topping, keeping on top of your sleep, not crashing into other cars, signalling, putting your lights and window-wipers on... etc etc which while may sound simple is an interesting challenge. And you can do all this to a wide variety of radio stations streamed in game (or your own music put into the Eurotruck folder).It's great for a slower paced game that still has that challenging aspect to it. I loved the idea of this more then it's predecessor because of the business building aspects and they work well together.10/10 from me! Looking forward to American Truck Simulator."
76561198005448050,Recommended,227300,16575497,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Santa 🎅,nice relaxing game :D
,Recommended,227300,16575762,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TheChickenGamer,GABON APROVES
76561198065882389,Recommended,227300,16576936,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,-CC- HobbeS,More Stressful than actually driving. 18 wheels/18 speedind tickets
,Recommended,227300,16576987,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DPPCGaming,I Don't know waht to say about this game...Graphics are beautifulDriving Physics are awesomeJobs and Trucks are awesomeThe effort to making this game so nicely is just bonkers.And when I discovered you can play online radio and your own songs in it I literally felt like I was going to cry.Definetely recommended.I REGRET BUYING THIS GAME ON A SALE. DEVELOPERS DESEVED THAT £10.
,Recommended,227300,16577116,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,George,"Great play, not enough drivers to employ. I have 227"
,Recommended,227300,16577474,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,★Wolffe★,Best Simulator Game Ever
,Recommended,227300,16539852,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,foolvictim,"ENG : Dont look my play time i played this game with ETS2MP (via Multiplayer Mod) you cant  see because its some kind of unofficial.And i can tell that game is great and enough with everything it has.>Took an order>Driving slowly>Saw someone came from nowhere>Drive over it>Guy beeps>Drive over it>Guy beeps>I beep>Drive over it>Guy turned upside down(probably commited to suicide)>Gave the order>Gained nothing, lost 820 EURTUR: Oynauış saatime bakmayın oyunu ETS2MP(online modu) ile oynadım, görünmez çünkü resmi bi mod değil. Oyunun herşeyiyle harika ve yeterli olduğunu söyleyeblirim.>Sipariş aldım>Yavaşça sürüyordum>Durup dururken biri göründü>Üzerine sürdüm>Çocuk kornaya bastı>Üzerine sürdüm>Çocuk kornaya bastı>Ben kornaya bastım>Üzerine sürdüm>Araba takla attı(muhtemelen intihar etmiştir)>Siparişi verdim>Hiçbişey kazanmadım, 850 Euro kaybettim"
76561198043835460,Recommended,227300,16553540,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,linoge88,Very nice game. Thanks to that game now I'm a truck driver in real life ;)
76561198180053394,Recommended,227300,16553861,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SwagggyZ,Nice sceneryBig mapPlenty of trucks to choose fromRealistic
,Recommended,227300,16554919,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Hudra,"best simulator so far - and multiplayer is awsome (yes there is, just search on net - dont know why its saying only singleplayer in title) , whoever made that MP made this game best of all simssome people should learn how to drive especially in england, ffs drive on left side - mor*** :)))"
76561197965776924,Recommended,227300,16555143,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,strafeman,"My dad is a retired truck driver and when i was a kid he would sometimes bring me along for the ride when school was out. I remember how relaxing the drive was, and the scenery of upstate new york. I never had the desire to be a truck driver, i actually try to avoid driving in real-life, but this game managed to capture that feel... and i actually enjoy driving in this game.Simply put, driving is fun and the developers throw a nice little jab with small roads, or large bends in the road - just when you get lost in your thoughts, you have to make that sharp turn on a small road. If you picked a job that has fragile cargo, then you will scramble to your brakes and slow down. Another good example of ""fun driving"", you are on a job that requires it to reach its destination in time, or you just like making the truck haul butt like i do; you run into a moron that is riding in front of you at a snails pace, do you risk passing him despite the lane to your left faces the wrong way and a car can come dashing in front of you head on? I do it, and sometimes i narrowly miss a collision. Then theres getting lost, even with gps i miss a turn and have to decide if i should make a very hard u-turn before a toll (and ducking oncoming cars), or risk driving and hoping for some way to get around and over to the other side. Then theres the weather, driving in the dark, traffic, dumb speeding drivers, damaging your truck and having to call someone to haul you out, and running out of gas (which almost happened to me, i risked it and made it, now i make sure to re-fuel on long jobs).Only thing i would have liked is walking pedestrians, i havent seen them so far. Also some roads in the cities are blocked off. These things make the world less believable, but you dont really notice it because of the smooth ride and the tunes your blasting in your rig (you can add your music to the game folder and play it, or use internet radio, i was jamming to music from norway at one time). I would have liked a 1990s timeline with no gps, just like in real life i ignore the surroundings and most signs and bury my head into the safety of gps.As of right now i bought my own first truck, paid half of it off with credit from the bank the rest with the money i made working in other companies. This game has truck management as you run your own business. Adds more flavor to an already great game.Oh, and parking is hard and gets some getting used to. I switch to number 2 perspective and it takes me a few minutes to park it right. You can skip this option, but it ruins the simulation experience for me (so does switching away from the fp view, but its the only way i can manage to park it).Its a great game, i cant wait for American Truckers release now."
,Recommended,227300,16557566,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Abbe Thaielito,"It's better with scandinavian dlc, but anyways, the game is really good."
76561198056241012,Recommended,227300,16559550,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cornish Boss,"Surprisingly fun game, and a good way to get into simulator games as a whole. Pick it up if it's on sale"
,Recommended,227300,8511491,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Baltic Elf,"Definately one of the best Simulators out there today..It's simple, fluid, and interactive all at once with great layout of controls, graphical optimisation and in-game related options.Making digital in-game money has never been so fun before!"
76561197981460244,Recommended,227300,15835444,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Lord William,"True, I've never been a real long haul truck driver...  but having driven trucks with trailers, and taken absurdly long road trips, I can say that this game 'feels' right.  Long trips get exhausting, idiot AI cars zip around your rig with reckless abandon, unfamiliar radio stations blare on the radio, and speed traps nab you on occasion.  Perfect!Very highly recommended with a full pedal, shifter and force feedback wheel setup (like Logitech G27).   And TrackIR works beautifully with it, whether for admiring the scenery or carefully navigating intersections that require yielding."
,Recommended,227300,15836790,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,gabesong,Fun
76561198184108699,Recommended,227300,15837034,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,B Hustler,This game is the best for relaxing 9/10 needs more DLC to add trucks.
,Recommended,227300,15841082,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ausarta,I put my truck on 150 km/h everyone seems to drive at 200. One guy hit me and they put the ticket on me!  Lawless Europe! 11/10
,Recommended,227300,15880066,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,HyperNovaGaming!!,"4 words , love it , get it.    :D"
76561198095400927,Recommended,227300,15882262,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,M7_22,good play <3
,Recommended,227300,15884928,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Uggsen,Yallah Şöfer Yallah
76561198138284909,Recommended,227300,15885344,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,mrcisco,why does curtain mods crash ets2
,Recommended,227300,15886421,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,🎃KFAQ🎃,GG I lost my job as a Truck Driver...
,Recommended,227300,15886461,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,RR3XBX,I've put far too many hours into it to be healthy.At least for me anyway.The most recent update really fixed the performance issues i had.3 Steps To Trucking Domination:1) Buy a garage and lots of truckers and trucks2) Leave them to do their own thing3) Revel in the money they earned but you get
,Recommended,227300,15859749,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,UK BOBBY93,best game i love the game
76561198080515307,Recommended,227300,10975958,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Braun Strowman,I LOVED IT ITS FUN!
76561198033371562,Recommended,227300,8219109,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,krrish silva,nice game :)
,Recommended,227300,12939808,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Plexmann,"Absolutely brilliant, since owning this game I have 1. Updated my video cards. 2. Bought a steering wheel 3. I have been browsing my favourite online PC shop and have a new PC lined up, just waiting for the funds which should be any day now.Love it.Well I have my new PC and this game SHINES. The gorgeous graphics, immaculate truck models and ridiculous AI which reminds me of real traffic. The software company (SCS) have brought this game forward with many fixes and adjustments which have, in my opinion, proven their integrity to providing excellent quality software.Thank you SCS, well done!"
,Recommended,227300,7420508,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Ash096,Surprisingly addicting.
,Recommended,227300,12490492,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,GuilhermeGTO,"I am a real truck driver in Brazil, I own a 6x2 truck-tractor VW Constellation 370 HP, and ETS2 is  THE BEST truck simulator. Better than many professional simulators existent in some of the best driving schools here in Brazil.With ETS2 and the great other two simulators of SCS, Scania Truck Driving Simulator and Trucks & Trailers, was easy for me to pass the test drive and obtain my CDL (commercial driver license). Also, training parking maneuvers with these great SCS sims is a good idea, because there is no cost (diesel, tires, etc) and when at home, I can learn new ways to maneuver my (real) truck. And ETS2 is very fun to play!Thank You SCS to produce and support the BETTER Truck Simulator for EVER !"
,Recommended,227300,15991683,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,NeDix!,"Well, when r u tired of noobs in dota 2 CS GO, etc ... this is your game to relax, the worst thing u can get while playing this game is fell sleep and crash. (happened 1 time)Talking seriously... the game is good and relaxing, theres awesome mods (look for promod and sweetfx thing),i think one group is working on an online mod, that is awesome.i still think this game worth all the bucks"
,Recommended,227300,15992595,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,oof,Everyone should own this game
,Recommended,227300,14028050,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ETS2GI - Germo_Binal,I will wait for Scandinavian DLC
,Recommended,227300,20927073,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,XANAX,"So Good , I love this game because it is open world and is very nice , and i love multiplayer"
,Recommended,227300,20928083,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,✪ Sw1fT3r,This is so so cool game.I love this game!?!?
76561198090288580,Recommended,227300,20925220,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Jack The Ripper,This game is really amazing 10/10 with keyboard never tryed with steering wheel because my pedels had been broken apon pickup but still spectacular game.
,Recommended,227300,20959123,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,%+3|2|\\/||\\|8,"*starts game**begins driving**makes left turn**sees red light too late**makes sudden right turn**gets fined for not stopping**rages that it's legal to turn right on red**drives more agressively**signals for 10 yrs on highway**merges**has ai come out of nowhere**ai comes up and hits trailer**gets fined for crashing into another car when it wasn't my fault**goes and plays CS:GO**gets spawnkilled**ragequits**goes to play ETS2**doesn't fail for 10 min straight and decides to buy dlc**gets hula girl and mercedes penant**sways truck to beat of music to get the hula girl to dance to the beat**crashes truck**waits in silence**quits job and gets another one**runs over caution cone and absolutely destroys truck**yells at game that that was unrealistic**turns off computer and goes to watch tv*This is what ETS2 can be like. I basically just drive and get mad at ai. Aside from the AI not liking it when you merge, it's not a half bad game. Would recommend only if you buy High Power Cargo DLC and Going East and Scandinavia DLC. Unless you plan on getting those, just wait for a sale and get American Truck Simulator.Very good game."
,Recommended,227300,20958130,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,[RH-General-Manager]kieronpalmer,I strongly surgest this game if you want to test you driving skills or if you want to become a truck driver
76561198272416611,Recommended,227300,20963583,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Old Hippie,"Before I had played this game, I had my doubts....but now....no...great game.....beautifal graphics. Do  NOT miss this excellent game."
76561198045514564,Recommended,227300,20961511,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,ianhq,I have become a trucker.I just accet it now.I drive and drive.This is me.
,Recommended,227300,20968809,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,(ΘCÐ) Wanderon™,"This is probably the most well done simulator you can find....The performance is really smooth, nothing feels clunky, i kinda wish it had more interactive interiors though, i also kinda wish you were able to get out of your truck and go in places like shops in gas stations or the truck dealers, but other than that, the game is very solid and very fun!The only problem i have with this game is the damn AI, they're so dumb and that affects me so much because the AI constantly either hits my truck or suddenly decides that it's a good idea to slow down or stop, heck they dont even give priority when taking turns...But other than that the game is a 10/10, if you're a driving fan and you just want to relax yourself while delivering a huge load, buy this game... you wont regret it at all!"
76561198151703276,Recommended,227300,20969091,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Gazza9919,Very good Game 10/10 would buy
,Recommended,227300,20969836,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,NESGamepro,Find a crew. Find a job. Keep trucking.
,Recommended,227300,19717889,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,☠DeathWish☠,it's the best driving game ever made
76561198012977592,Recommended,227300,20967450,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,mike,Driving from Verona to Innsbruk listening to Radio 2. No other game quite captures the feeling.
76561198066438257,Recommended,227300,20964179,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,hughesjoshua45,Very enjoyable game!
,Recommended,227300,20964632,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Teekay,Almost like driving a real truck!
,Recommended,227300,20950896,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,stevenaka1,This game is the best of the best I recommend this game you you like driving trucks
76561198133843830,Recommended,227300,20956844,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,paul.brokaw,"Very novel game idea. but, can be a little boring.PROS: the trucks. there are dozens of types to choose from, and well known brands.the world. while open and a little bit barren, you will be spending all of your time here, so get used to it. cities exist only as checkpoints, if you need service, and points for dropoff.the driving. this is a driving game, and if the driving was bad, well, the game would be bad. realistic, and challenging, there are real life offenses and penalties, and lits of other cars.the reward. this is a game that punishes you. and that is a good thing, usually, it is actually your bad driving that causes you to get fined.CONS: the ai. the ai in the game is a bit simple, and in some situations can make your life difficult.that's it."
76561198046544580,Recommended,227300,20938591,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,SgtLucasoFrz,"To me this is one of the best simulator games that  have ever played, and with the mods its just so... I really really do recommend this game one of the BEST."
76561198100037855,Recommended,227300,20939076,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Scorpedeo,great game i love the game also note to new players the automatic and maual is basicly difficulty
76561198079624310,Recommended,227300,10008154,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,CeilingHamster,The most amazing thing ever. However if you get ♥♥♥♥♥ed on by a pigion then the engion breaks and you cant drive without stopping evry 30 seconds. Alkso it fins you for not having enough places to sleep in the game. 8/10.edit also the simulation dosent understand how trucks work. Apparently when a sparrow ♥♥♥♥♥ on it it refuses to start unless you pay 400000000000000000000000000000000000000000 pounds for a new dimond encrusted bumper that has no visual damage. Shity potheads
,Recommended,227300,20957667,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,pomohaci.exe,"A nice simulator at a reasonable price with superb graphics . I have not played a lot, but if you find 2 or 3 friends to play and make your company and convoy you will have a great time to have fun . I suggest you try it !"
76561198037423771,Recommended,227300,19753449,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,AVeryTallMiget,Very good game I love every aspect of it
,Recommended,227300,19756332,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Reggie Barry,"Enjoy spending weeks away from your home and family?Like driving all day with terrible drivers?Want to be alone in a box with nothing but yourself, the radio, and scenery to keep you entertained?If you answered yes to these three question then Euro Truck Simulator 2 is the perfect game for you.In the spirit of Jim Cramer..... BUY BUY BUY!!!"
76561198000852381,Recommended,227300,19756800,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,NUCLEAR CHIRON,"EuroTruck Simulator 2 is like a little piece of Eastern Europe brought right into your living room. The actual trucking is almost incidental to what the game is really about- cruising through Eastern Europe while listening to Russian pop music with the excellent in-game music streaming. Sometimes a car gets stuck underneath your trailer or you take a turn too sharp and end up sideways, but you just imagine a Russian man screaming, ""Ey, this no problem at all!"" And then you just keep trucking.Keep trucking friends. The people of Poland need their EuroGoodies."
76561198187920561,Recommended,227300,19755259,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,yabbadabbadoo77,All I have to say is can't wait for American Truck Simulator !!!
76561198126847088,Recommended,227300,19755765,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,leifege640,"I don't think that I need to repeat what so many other people have said about this game. I am a big fan of simulators in general, and this is at the top of my list of my favorite games to play. As of writing, I have had 50 hours in a little under a month and I have not found one bad thing about ETS2 other than my computer is a little underpowered for it.So, for those of you don't mind relaxing gameplay like I do, this is one game you should have in your library.10/10 from me."
76561198156066090,Recommended,227300,19755956,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,The Tuxinator,"Very great game love it but one issue, the AI cause some serious road RAGE!!!"
,Recommended,227300,19754506,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Totters,best simulation game by far thank you scs software!!
,Recommended,227300,19759655,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,☯UFO☯ a.k.a I'm α & Ω,"I love it, can't wait for scandinavia to buy"
,Recommended,227300,19764624,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,xddman,"Greatest driving game i have ever played, 10/10, plus ets2mp team did a great job and added multiplayer to the game!"
76561198208353025,Recommended,227300,19767403,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,hadar1.ovadia,goo
,Recommended,227300,19766900,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,MasterCreamer,"Turn on the engine, put your trucker cap on, and drive around the European countryside while listening to some good ol' 80's classics.(80's classics sold separately)"
,Recommended,227300,15721558,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Spencer,"It's a awesome game, I have a logitech G27 to play the game with, and it makes the game alot better and TrackIR Pro clip those are game changers, and I have a DSD Button Box"
,Recommended,227300,19763684,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,EHP,>Bought the game>started working>got plenty of money>upgraded my car>worked again>upgraded again>bought all the extra items to my car>worked again>got even more money>wanted to check the settings>disabled speed blocker setting thingy>started moving really fast>gotta go fast>pushed the gas even harder>sanic fast>did a barrel roll off the highway>did a backflip>went to the nearest repair place>not enough money to pay for the fix>went to the bank>got loans>got more loans>got all the loans>all the money went to the fixing place>Worth it> 11/10 would play again
76561198210506247,Recommended,227300,19772654,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,darrylneighbour17,"Hi every one Whats the go with  Euro Truck Simulator 2 can you help me, Thanks"
,Recommended,227300,19771637,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,TrevDevs,"Pros------ Very relaxing and easy to gain a lot of hours in- Very well optimised, i get 40fps on my pretty bad laptop- A large world to explore- A hard working dev team :)Cons-----Cant think of anything :)Rating------10/10"
,Recommended,227300,19771750,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Vill du dö,best gem ever
,Recommended,227300,19773238,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Rydan148,Great game!
76561198065396342,Recommended,227300,19774328,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,TuxTechTV,"I have this game for Ubuntu Linux and its a cool game my G27 Logitech wheel works fine but, I have to start the game with it unpluged because if it is the game is renderd uncontrollable. I also have a problem the game having micro stutter every ten to fifteen seconds, and the game isnt saving the controller configeration I set.I hope they fix it soo but anyway i still give it a  thumbs up."
76561198217063167,Recommended,227300,19741840,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,brush442,how do i get 1.22?
,Not Recommended,227300,19698363,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Drahy,Idk why this game is so boring
,Recommended,227300,16386970,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kim Il Sung,"Before I purchased this game, my friend told me that the controls were uncomfortable unless you had a controller. I proved that the controls are not uncomfortable. This game is really fun. You can add custom songs to the game's radio as well. I would recommend that you wait until this game is on sale to buy it. I am not saying that this game is bad, I quite enjoy it, but I feel that the game is not worth its original price."
,Recommended,227300,16241202,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,King Of Silver II,Best 3€ I've ever spent.
76561198008278276,Recommended,227300,16037047,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,AceStorm,great game 1 of the best driving sims out there many hours of fun
76561198085047769,Recommended,227300,12454704,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Drkilljoy91,must have
,Recommended,227300,16039718,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Korpen,A Great game for people that like simulators and people that like realistic games and for people that has patience! :D I personally LOVE IT :)
,Recommended,227300,13084325,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,can0fspam,One of the best steam games I have played. It doesn't sound like fun to just drive a truck around Europe but it is surprisingly addicting.
76561198065236963,Recommended,227300,16074787,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Di3MeX,It would be nice to introduce all the countries of Europe . ETS2 is the best simulator .
,Recommended,227300,11757558,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,[DP] Dronkendropje,"Great graphics for a simulator game! Amazing controls (even with keyboard) and a lot of roads to explore! Are there any downsides? Yes, it might get a bit repetitive after a while but this game is as good as it gets!"
76561197987588958,Recommended,227300,7478268,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,killergold88,"This is one of those games, that you are not entirely sure why in gods good name you bought it, or are playing it... but you are... and for who knows whatever reason... you keep comming back to it"
,Recommended,227300,16252982,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,I_Am_BuzzLightyear,"Relaxing, somewhat time consuming game, frequent updates and improvements. Its a good time."
,Recommended,227300,16256721,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Sriracha Sauce,LOVE IT!!
76561198163944043,Recommended,227300,16327636,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Captainbob01,"Great game, really realistic physics, there really is nothing quite like it :)"
,Recommended,227300,16327740,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,The Ice Cold Rocker,Keeps updating the same last update every time I log in though
,Recommended,227300,16328443,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jambo,"Great Game, Love It Too Bits. I Higly Reccomend It As Its So Low Priced"
,Recommended,227300,16206442,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Reed-Solomon,Escapism at its finest
,Recommended,227300,1668501,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,ThePeskyAce,Very peaceful and relaxing. ^_^
,Recommended,227300,16296478,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Aer0n,like therapy 11/10
76561198104051186,Recommended,227300,16298899,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Nlwt,"This game has surprised me in more ways than one.From a person that has never been a real fan of simulators or even truck games for that matter, this is a definite recommendation. I picked this up for a little over £2 in the Steam sale and it's one of the best bargains I've snatched. Admittedly, it might not be for everyone, but if you're a fan at all of simulators or driving games as a whole, then I can guarantee this won't be a waste of your time or money."
,Recommended,227300,16299801,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Thelitedragon,"My friends: ""You play a game about driving trucks? n00b""Me: "" ;) """
76561198084924469,Recommended,227300,16302096,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Good Bye,It has nice trees.
76561198272292556,Recommended,227300,21027905,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,sportsblue10,Awesome game 11/10
76561198078779624,Recommended,227300,21038388,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TheBigSlip450,Best simulator game EVER! 10/10
76561198095010773,Recommended,227300,21039626,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,macfflei,"There was something missing in my life until I played this game. So relaxing and amazing,"
76561198239377626,Recommended,227300,21050465,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,meister.,good game.
,Recommended,227300,21046008,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dolphin,One of the best simulators out there 11/10
,Recommended,227300,21029237,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Renero,ETS 2 is awesome game. Best truck sim ever
,Recommended,227300,20942193,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Road Rage,"10/8, would run a red light again."
,Recommended,227300,20942417,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Pootis The Young Ward,3 words: Best. Simulator. Ever
,Recommended,227300,20938376,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Eitrek,"Do you have a podcast to listen to?Do you want to wind down and relax?Do you like driving games?Then this game is for you.Note: American Truck Simulator is out now, but I reccomend this game to new players."
76561198269851711,Recommended,227300,20934639,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,alexrayknight,What can i say is bad about euro truck! I was skepticale about driving around for hours on end but the deep and overwhelmingly fun simulation of truck driving in euro truck is magnificent!Definatley 5 Stars!!! Get It Now!!! *****
76561198149083822,Recommended,227300,21160403,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,MosquitoTaquito,"MY FAVORITE GAME ON STEAM. This game is extremely realistic, and fun to play. The mod support is phenomenal, and the graphics are stunning, and the realism hits home. You get so immersed in the game, and an hour just flies by. The open world factor is also probably one of the most amazing elements of this game. Once you build up a big enough economy, buy and customize a truck to your liking (Scania. all. the. way.), and head out on the road, you can just drive and drive, looking at the beautiful scenery, for hours....... WITHOUT driving on the same road ONCE. Add the massive DLCs, and you could probably go 24 hours just driving and driving. And the satisfaction of completing long-distance deliveries? One of the most satisfying feelings in the world. Especially when you make a good profit. Long story short, just buy the damn game. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,227300,21163132,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,LadyGagasTestes,Fuq sleep
76561198274228222,Recommended,227300,21159403,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Kingus hellcase.com,10
,Recommended,227300,21159458,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Harrygoose,Hello its been funWhat a blast
76561198067343857,Recommended,227300,21229483,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ScrubLord,The only thing that beats driving a truck down a motorway blaring country tunes and cutting a ton of drivers off is doing it in real life
76561197972249070,Recommended,227300,21195784,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,BorisNotRussian,"Recommended for people that own any steering wheel, preferably with H- shifter and clutch. Probably enjoyable without a wheel but i don't think you'll get the milage out of the game ;), at least use a controller. There still is a great comunity and the game is constantly updated and countless mods are available. The best and imo the most recomendable is the Multiplayer Modtruckersmp.com"
76561198112168170,Recommended,227300,21194091,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,BOT Kyle,can't stop
76561198012567051,Recommended,227300,21169018,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,NIHILARIAN,this game is like crack - don't do it unless you want to spend a lot of time in truck stops
76561198166681887,Recommended,227300,21191617,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,codyasian,best game ever created
,Recommended,227300,3627319,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,|DMT| JumperM0nkey,"You'd think that driving trucks around Europe and the UK would get boring after a while but...There's just something both satisfying and calming about playing this game. Had a bad day at work? Relax by building your company up! Bored of playing the same game all the time? Why not try trucking! Want to put that steering wheel you bought to good use? Play this game!Already played it for around 10 or so hours and can honestly say its the most rewarding amount of time I've spent playing any game, seriously.Either try a demo, or bite the bullet and buy the game. Either way its worth it!Edit: More than a year on (24/06/2014 at this point) I can still say the same about this game."
76561198012046794,Recommended,227300,16749231,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Bustah,"This is the ultimate chillax game, put on one of your favorite podcasts and just go truckin'."
76561198027059793,Recommended,227300,16838258,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Drakhun,"This is a beautiful, and mostly relaxing open world game. It can be fantastically relazing listening to the sound of those big diesel engines rolling across the beautful trerrain of europe.  The game is not overly hard or punishing, but there are game mechanics of running a business and upkeep of your trucks.The game does have some faults.  The ingame music player will only play MP3s, so if your music library is some other format you are out of luck (the music player integration is very handy so your music player does not wash out in game sounds)  The in game sat-nav is unvoiced, and really bad at getting you back on track if you miss a turn, and can not be manually set.  The in game internet radio is also not pre-populated with stations, so you will have to hunt them down on your own.  A sandbox mode would be nice as well just to drive with no destination and not worry about the economicsNegatives aside though the game is still really fun, runs well, and overall a must have for any fan of open world games or simulators of any kind."
76561198150157218,Recommended,227300,16840269,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,eviljackolope,"Yep, dont know how or why I started playing this. So far its fun?"
,Recommended,227300,16843857,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Pataca(reformado),Great simulater!! The best of the genre
76561198157855131,Recommended,227300,16844292,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Dat Guy Stevo,"This is suprisingly a very good game. i watched youtubers play it and i thought it looked good so i brought it for £4 in the steam summer sale and i wasnt dissapointed! you can drive all over europe which is awesome, the game is a open world free roam as well which i love,  and you can get loads of different trucks and customize them how you want. Also the radio stations is such a simple but yet effective idea which makes the game even more fun. My critism though is that they could make the cities more detailed it looks the same in every city you go, put landmarks in , houses , different roads etc. And also to make the ai cars, trucks and buses more smarter aswell.  all in all though a great truck driving experience looking forward to American truck simulator! :)   overall i would give Euro Truck Simulator 2 a 7/10"
76561198145461632,Recommended,227300,16844961,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Lewdy,its good
76561197999095390,Recommended,227300,16569994,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,bigtall10,"The graphics of this game are just absolutely stunning!! I've always held out from buying the full version because American Truck Simulator has been in the talks and I want to drive where I'm from. But I could wait no longer, and I'm glad I finally bought the full version. The absolute best in truck simulation."
76561198165914958,Recommended,227300,16850959,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,spiderbrainiac,great game
76561198132630892,Recommended,227300,16851225,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Rick Grimes,This is a good game. Just do yourself a favour and don't play this using a keyboard. Atleast use a controller it's much easier to turn with
76561198170181854,Recommended,227300,16619754,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,emilligan,If you like ucks or if you like going trucking this is your type of game
,Recommended,227300,16619824,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,spreey,"I fell in love with trucks thanks to this game! Its so amazing, so huge map, many vehicles, incl e-Radios from every country... what else than a 600hp truck in the rain on its way across Europe"
76561198089783020,Recommended,227300,16620386,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,laurexey,"If you enjoy playing games for hours on end, then this is the game for you!The endless amount of trucking hours, managing your own business and delivering cargo to different parts of the world is amazing!The scenery is amazing, well developed, looks wonderful.It includes some small things that make the game a whole lot better!The DLC for this game too makes it better because you have a load of exploring to do!Overall, greatly designed, very addictive, easy to pick up! Recommend this to anyone who is looking for endless hours of fun!"
76561198099350081,Recommended,227300,16620748,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,So...?!,Best Game.:>
,Recommended,227300,16621372,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,jooniewoonie,Favorite game I've bought on Steam so far.
76561198028276556,Recommended,227300,16622915,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Skeletor,"High degree of realism, with a lot of attention payed to recreating european landmarks."
76561198134687550,Recommended,227300,16623395,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,hex,"This game sucks! ...if you're a fan of shooting, stealing, fighting or racing against other opponents. If you're into life-on-the-road simulation, trying your best to do the job properly - this isTHEgame.I was very sceptical about it, but took the chance and happy I did.Tons of mods (trucks, trailers, skins, interiors, sounds, maps, traffic varieties, environment look, season conditions, and plenty more) will help you accommodate in your ~500hp office.You can easily use keyboard (however, better experience comes with the steering wheel).Despite what down-voters say about it being a boring game, delivering cargo from point A to point B is challenging. You're not driving Mini Cooper, you're driving a truck with wide/long/oversize load. We'll see how's that boring on roundabouts with traffic :)"
,Recommended,227300,16624641,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,KingGreyskull,"I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who enjoys driving simulators, drives trucks for a living or just enjoys trucking as a whole. There are so many great features to this game and awesome upgrades from the original Euro Truck Simulator that it is awe inspiring. There are a couple cons, yes, but they are FAR outshadowed by the pros.PROS:GREAT truck selection. From Volvo to DAF, from MAN to Iveco, from Renault to SCANIA, you are completely covered.All trucks are able to be customized in a plethora of waysDriving is fun with your trucks performance affected by the weight of the load in realistic fashion i.e Engine working harder while going uphill, takes longer to gain momentum with a full load from dead stop etcGraphics are nice and clean for trucks themselves as well as the loads you haulExpansive mapMany many moreCONS:Steering can get a bit clunky without a steering wheel. (I use keyboard and controller in varying degrees as I can't justify laying down close to $100 for a steering wheel to play a single game)Game time can become a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when you try and figure out how far you can drive and how much you have to do before the day ends and your loan installment is taken from youNPC driver AI can be a bit stupid at timesTowns are not very well fleshed out in places and highway driveby areas are rather plain and dullAll in all though, I highly recommend the game as it is a great way to unwind from your day while you wind up gears and truck on down the highway leaving all your problems behind like a lot lizard at the truck stop.9.5/10"
,Recommended,227300,1716845,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,Light Breeze,"If you like working without getting pay, then play this game. It's exactly that."
,Recommended,227300,16625421,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SirMadGuy,"Not even going to lie, this came is one of my favourites. I am very keen on simulators over everything else, and this is simply amazing. The physics and graphics are pretty much perfect. I can't find anything with the 150+ hours I have spend playing this (Most spent before I had it on my steam) to complain about. Vast improvements have been made since launch, and it has become a game to remember in my eyes. This is best played with a steering wheel to get a proper feel for it. #G27lyf 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,16364336,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,AndrewFox2003,This is one of the best trucking games and is the best you can get so buying all the game content which is also good.
,Recommended,227300,16364562,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,STL | Tom,Grrrrrreat!
76561198179409349,Recommended,227300,16366778,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,NT™ - DeathSlayer901 - Driver,Great game if you love driving all the time haha.
76561198116486859,Recommended,227300,16378022,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,iWiLL<3,Start EngineBegin Relaxation10/10
76561198063535426,Recommended,227300,16380148,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Colonel Diamondback,"Hello viewers, I pretty love ETS2. It is perfect for people who like driving games and simulator gamesThe game has lots of different mods including trucks and trailers. The best mod i like is the multiplayer mod but anyway i recommend you to buy this game. It is great value for money"
76561198043401035,Recommended,227300,4926651,"Posted: 22 January, 2013",all,Diamondlover™,one of the best simulations
,Recommended,227300,16380872,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hydrizzle,10/10 This game is life
76561198070274383,Recommended,227300,15666778,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Laat,"I'm just in love with this game!!! I mean, it's just a trucking game, it shouldn't be so fun. Maybe I love it because of levelling up system and costumizations. Yeah, that's probably it. I also really liked first Euro Truck Simulator and I had big expectations for second part and it really blew my mind off!!"
76561198189199834,Recommended,227300,15668164,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Tehlegend,fun :D
,Recommended,227300,722790,"Posted: 20 January, 2013",all,Smalltownboy,What a trucking game!
76561198074527128,Recommended,227300,15668450,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Aperso,"So you wake up one morning, with a garage for a house in a city of your choice, about £2,100 pounds to your name and the clothes you have on you. What do you do? Easy, open open some insane Operating system on your Sat Nav, have your self magically beamed to a truck and take a simple job from your starting city to anywhere local. Surprisingly you're SatNav is so good it can not only give you jobs, but also act as an MP3 Player and a radio, as well as pick up E-mails, read your vital signs and assess the truck's damage and fuel. Just one question remains unanswered: Why don't you have the Noble Prizing in Computing for this Sat Nav?"
76561198139862557,Recommended,227300,15671293,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ItsYaBoiSkyline,I drove in head on traffic for 20 mins because I am American 10/10
76561198159308131,Recommended,227300,15551509,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,True Russian,Hey look a simulator That isn't sh#t
,Recommended,227300,15553248,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Natural Economy,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Recommended,227300,15555475,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,chargeablebattery,"This is one of the best games i've ever played. The graphics and scenery are gorgeous. To truly get the best out of this game, head on to the custom mods sites and install the mods. There's mods to improve the graphics and additional maps and tuning all sounds to be as realistic as possible.Must have item:A steering wheel, pedals and clutch. To have a truly immersive play, something like Logitech G27 is MUST HAVE. It adds to a whole new dimension of immersive gameplay. The visuals are oustanding.Final note : A must buy for all driving simulator fans. Updates and community is large and the game keeps getting better and better."
,Recommended,227300,15555591,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Finlay,"This Game is one of those simulators that you think are a joke just to bring in the money but acctually scs spend time developing and fine tunning the game. The game is still being update reguarly and with the scandinavian dlc about to come, which has been worked on for two years, this game is ideal to buy if you want to get awway from life"
,Recommended,227300,15683040,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Mashiro,This game make me stop masturbating cuz its too fun 10/10 good job
,Recommended,227300,15684532,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,1wsx10,"Barreling along the freeway at 120km/h+ carrying a 25 tonn load. what can i say? this game is awsome!not to mention picture in picture mirrors, various road fines, realistic gearboxes, customisable trucks, evil banks, polite civilian drivers, multiple load types; weight, value, urgency etc.ps. it also has MULTIPLAYER!! truck drag races FTW!"
,Recommended,227300,15685074,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Marik_burns,10 грузовиков из 10-ти
,Recommended,227300,15687129,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,rajkchhatwal,LET'S GO LIVE!!
,Recommended,227300,16403847,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Preacher,"""Guess I'll just do a job or two..""""Oh hey, it's 2018. Happy New Year(s)""."
,Recommended,227300,16404714,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mikkel,"There is no rational reason this should be compelling and addictive, yet somehow it is. Driving games aren't even my genre. After a few hundred hours playing with a gamepad, I splurged on a $200 wheel just for one game. No regrets."
76561198010834935,Recommended,227300,16385156,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mully,"Love it! Just like when Railworks was released all these years ago so much can be added.. Reskns.. Routes (Maps) and there is loads free mods to download.. (Some may not work).Using Logitech G27 Racing Wheel, that cost a bit but ideal for this as the keyboard was too easy!"
76561198088045182,Recommended,227300,16407583,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,cormorant,I am really enjoying this game.
,Recommended,227300,16410904,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Wollowon,AMAZING.
,Recommended,227300,16413020,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Noldus,A very good way to spend time and relax. I must recommend having a stearing wheel (I have the G27) as well as TrackIR (I don't have this) or multiple monitors. The ability to easily look around you is important
,Recommended,227300,16413228,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sodi,"Ever since i bought this game, I've been in love. It's a great way to lose yourself and relax for hours on end. Frustrated?? Play some ETS2 and calm down! Never had any issues/bugs occur (That i've noticed) Would recommend to anyone who loves any game to do with driving, or simulators in general."
76561198112525077,Recommended,227300,16464519,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Serendipity.,It's fine.
,Recommended,227300,16465751,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SeNsY^aWp,AWESOME :X:X::X:X:X
76561197996127062,Recommended,227300,16467553,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RubberStig,"Some say I told Jeremy, James and Richard that this was the best automotive game made - ever - period.Some say Jeremy was so incenced that he punched me in the helmet, causing an international incident.Some say I did it on purpose to prove a point.All I know is .. I am RubberStig"
,Recommended,227300,13445487,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,DarkShadow,All i get is speed tickets11/10
,Recommended,227300,2230065,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,hitomi,The best drive a large truck around game since Sega's arcade hit 18 Wheeler: American Pro Trucker
,Recommended,227300,16476128,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Comrad Dogey Dogowski,Words cannot describe how fun this is. It is very user friendly and you can enjoy countless hours building your company to dominate the roads. By the way the speed is in kilometers so don't be a dingus like me and think it was is miles..
,Recommended,227300,13743518,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,LibraryLad,Crack in gameform
,Recommended,227300,16476321,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Filthy Peasant,if u like driving big thing its for you
76561198154958113,Recommended,227300,16476504,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jonval34,"Excellent game, realistic trucking, good visuals, nice rendering, nice modeling"
76561197994215424,Recommended,227300,16477521,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Serin,"This game is fascinating in the same way watching rivulets of water run through dirt as a kid was fascinating. It's impossible to explain to anyone else why it's enjoyable, but once you do it, you GET IT."
,Recommended,227300,16477919,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Wimp Lo,Amazing truck simulator. Bar none. If you don't buy it during a sale it's your loss. Relaxing game to play and if you enjoy driving simulators you'll like this one!
76561198014523656,Recommended,227300,15512959,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,silencer,"Its a smooth, pleasant and sometimes challenging, depending on the cargo and route.Open for modding with plenty of fan made creations.To me, one of the most relaxing games ever."
76561197970852368,Recommended,227300,14501254,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,BravoMan UK,"Do you like trucks? Do you like driving games? If you answered yes to both those questions then you will love this game. It's inexplicably addictive and there are tons of mods out there to keep you playing again and again.The developers are constantly improving the game to make it look and run better and better. There are a few downsides, the AI drivers can be a bit stupid at times and the stock deliveries can get a bit samey. This is where the modding community step in to give you loads of opportunities to cutomise the game to your liking.Loads of trucks to choose from with a career progression to turn you into a haulage Mogul. What are you waiting for? Those 40 Tonnes of fish paste aren't going to deliver themselves!"
,Recommended,227300,15516171,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,[κρά]Goose,"Euro truck Simulator 2The game has been out for a while but I'd still recommend it to play, for some reason this game is a bit boring to watch (Unless you're watching a video on a new mod or something) but overall for someone to watch you playing, it get boring fast. However, for some unexplained reason this game is really addictive. Could it be that driving your own truck which you have to pay for fuel, speeding tickets, causing crashes and repairing your truck makes the players feel like it's their own? I really don't know.The steam Workshop, modding community for this game is amazing! Without it... we wouldn't have ETS2MP (Euro Truck Simulator 2 Multiplayer) Yes.. Multiplayer and you can have a Virtual trucking company too if that's what you like (VTC) A lot of convoys happen which is a cool site, driving down a road with your cargo on the back and then 10 trucks all painted the same pass you and honk their horns to you (Basically saying ""hello"") Is amazing!Please note ETS2MP is still in Alpha but still worth the download!Bad points of ETS2:The only thing I can think of, off the top of my head. Bad AI. I've had to download AI enhancement mods off of the workplace but other than that I cannot think of anything else.Thanks for reading this review, I hope this helps you decide if you want to buy this or not."
,Recommended,227300,15517580,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,A N A R C H I S T,qartvelebma damamatet kaia.PLEASE ADD MORE DANGEROUS DRIVES LIKE IN SCANIA DRIVING SIMULATOR
76561198097035653,Recommended,227300,15433567,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,seanbrandi,I like the game so much but the AI dose do stuped things like stop in the middle of the road.
76561198221237772,Recommended,227300,15321543,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,hansen4998,Best open world ever!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,15438100,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ThunderousThighs,"Became addicted upon the second hour of gameplay. Cannot quit. Do not understand why this is fun.Also, you will probably have an existential crisis about that fact that you are simulating doing a job that someone else actually does while you are on break from your job and the person whose job you are simulating is probably simulating your job while on break from their job."
76561198157414004,Recommended,227300,15438552,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,DonkeyKong,good game
,Recommended,227300,15446259,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Lapix,"As someone who has no previous experience with simulators, the feeling of delivering space cakes to Amsterdam is truly a memorable experience.Seriously, this is a fantastic simulator*.*glove box with 'magazines' and vest with egg stain not included."
76561198071920534,Recommended,227300,15446396,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,MrT,"This game is a leisure Simulator of delivering cargo and making lots of money, the curve of success is quite unavoidably steep. However, the main task, 90%, is the driving and not managing the company. that means: the cargo tasks are various, interesting, rely on rare objects or require fast delivery; but the driving model is NOT very realistic, e.g. bumps in the street arent simulated, the steering is a bit arcadish. But when you drive this game within normal driving situations and dont rush, watch out, and not go to the grip limit or start driving unrealistically fast, this game is enough for 95% of the humans to not discover glitches in the simulation and you could become a friend of this for sure!the game has a big charme when the different weather and different landscape, especially with the going east epansion pack, appear.That means: you will be enrolled into the situation of being a truck driver for many many hours, because you can really immerse into this game and feel right at home in your big living room with that huge front window.levelling up the own driver, keeping traffic fines low to increase the own player rating and deliver more and more cargo, this game is fun, really, and the different situations dont let it go boring for 30 - 60 hours of play time.after that you must set yourself new aims that arent controlled by the game.the traffic ai is prettty unrealistic as of now, may 2015, the cargo delivers make no sense and the controll-ability of your company is not very high. other than that you can mod your truck and try to pick interesting jobs.however more work into game and commercial complexity wouldve made this game more interesting when your company expands, logistic is more than just driving around, if you look at todays logistic companies. charters, routes, far routes or series-cargo are the main fields of cargo delivery.the mod community has given a LOT OF interesting updates, the small firm SCS has done a basically good job, the mods make the game more attractive.base multiplayer availiable.you quite dont need a wheel but of course is recommended.further critics at ""Simulator"": apart from the above, when you look at the physics you might discover that laws of energy and newton laws are sometimes violated"
,Recommended,227300,15446799,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Obicus17,It's a cool game!
76561198083530449,Recommended,227300,15411933,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,(LTU) Raz,great game ....
,Recommended,227300,9591648,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,{Головная боль} (ua),best eu game!
,Recommended,227300,15607300,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Dead Inside,150kmh. Four speeding fines later i had no money.10/10 would speed again
76561198028611660,Recommended,227300,3888369,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,norforce,If you love Trucks this is for you Great Sim
76561197993579951,Recommended,227300,15609100,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,nappula,"I am just casual player and driver in Euro Truck Simulator 2, i have disabled police in the roads and just driving around Europe with all kind different trucks and trailers and just LOVE IT. 161 hours of gameplay as of now when i write this is pretty good testament that it's great game!"
76561198088818657,Recommended,227300,7149804,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Brandon MacDonald,Best trucking sim I have ever played!
,Recommended,227300,15561939,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,IanFuller,"Highly recommended for those trucking fans out there, the best experience for me is the online multiplayer, good fun and lots of fun and exciting times with people from around the world online, had alot of fun and is the best truck simulator and its only going to get better, with the DLCs this game is truly care about and is being developed."
76561198035626734,Recommended,227300,15644743,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,heff_egg,"Who'd have thought driving a truck, picking up trailers and dropping them off in another city could give so much pleasure and sense of achievement. To complete a pickup,  journey and delivery without a crash, a speeding ticket, taking a wrong turn, falling asleep at the wheel, etc. is so satisfying.I like that the game doesn't force anything on the player. You can simply go driving around OR look for work, set up your own transport company, build up a fleet of trucks, hire drivers and more. I am sure this game will get played a lot more than I thought it would.Playing on a Mac it took a while to figure out how to setup music and/or radio for the journey. The manual tells you nothing, but thanks to the forum I found the answer (thanks guys). Driving with your own soundtrack is much better.Highly recommend this game if you want to sit back, listen to music and while away the hours driving around Europe."
,Recommended,227300,15646064,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,nickfromburbank,"This game made me hate the English more than One Direction did, 11/10."
,Recommended,227300,19926708,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Awyea Mr Krabs,good one
,Recommended,227300,19927081,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Moushigo,"Would not recommend to actual real life truck driver, because you might forget you are not actually driving a truck and might get fired."
76561198091062342,Not Recommended,227300,19929160,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Elio Aliu,I installed it yesterday. I played it 4-5 hours straight but what really gets me down is the way the cities are structured. They are all the same :/ I dont like it
,Recommended,227300,19929907,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Misteri E-KTP,Want to play this with driving gear so bad!
76561197981232390,Recommended,227300,19925798,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,meat,Great driving
,Recommended,227300,19926045,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ReDesign,"Great sim for trucking, relaxing aswell"
76561198135522343,Recommended,227300,19929853,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,King Thugga,I drove a truck
76561198042124466,Recommended,227300,19904616,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Boris,Fantastic game. Regular updates and game improvements. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,227300,19909056,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Døm,"Awesome game, can't fault it. Safe underage driving - I'm in!"
76561198099467865,Recommended,227300,19908371,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ITZ_M1KE,good game
,Recommended,227300,19908862,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Harambe,Started in london. Crashed on a roundabout. 11/10
,Recommended,227300,19931989,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ŧαήġŏ421,one of the best simulator game.awsm graphicsnice gameplay.
,Recommended,227300,19932036,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,КОМУНИСТ ot BMPO,da e
,Recommended,227300,19934861,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Zyncox,"Fantastic game that I keep coming back to.The graphics may not be the best but the experience is wonderful.The only con I can think of is the little detail and amount of cities.Over all, I'd give this game a 8/10."
76561198170118331,Recommended,227300,19911356,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Rhino,"Really good game had for a year now and never had any problems with it, very realistic"
76561198196893734,Recommended,227300,19918940,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,aSdd.exe,"Is best game.. EVER. "" saing : Osama Bin Laden"""
,Recommended,227300,19920454,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,KlauS™,"daca sunteti pasionatii de camioane, atunci asta e jocul pe care il cautati :)"
,Recommended,227300,19920734,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Stray,"Addicting game. Love the game, and wonderful graphics. Looking forward to American Truck Simulator!"
,Recommended,227300,19908087,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,JawaraKenjeran,Very very good game
76561198007453864,Recommended,227300,19923031,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Redcoat,"First thought:'Wtf.. how can this game actually be that entertaining/popular?'>played it'holy shi dis is awesome.'Seriously, download a mod called ProMods for a mega awesome map. Download other mods also that adds real companies instead of fake ones. Makes the game so much better. Google other ETS2 mods and enjoy.9/10"
,Recommended,227300,16340771,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sandwich,"Slow paced, but a great game."
76561198101888653,Recommended,227300,16341975,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,KOREAN WAR 2 ELECTRIC BUGALOO,"If I had a dollar for everytime I got a ticket for turning right on a red, I'd probably spend it all on paintjobs. 10/10 would turn right again!"
76561198203973228,Recommended,227300,16342529,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Toni Bamboni,"Do you like trucks?Yes?Well, for only <what ever price it is at the moment> you can: Drive them.For hours.BONUS FEATURE:Question what you are doing with your life."
76561198030793546,Recommended,227300,16342911,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,spectrumlord1,"Great game....  Never played such a realistic sim before.Only minus is the cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at STEAM have no price protection. Four days after I bought it they drop the price $15 and tell me to pound sand as I played 10 hours.  I didn't want a full refund, just the price difference to my STEAM wallet and I would buy the DLC's for the game."
,Recommended,227300,16343113,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,mars,Great Game. Good Graphics. Amazing DLC9.5/10 {Graphics a little dissapointing}
76561198094884334,Recommended,227300,16343238,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ChikiChubaRasaSingkongDiPedesin,"nice game,.................................."
76561198076107633,Recommended,227300,16346524,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Baekhan,Best. Game. Ever.Got hired by Aggressive Trucking because of my experience on Euro Truck Sim
76561198139196153,Recommended,227300,16348151,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,roguealcatraz,"Great game, love the multiplayer mod and very relaxing."
,Recommended,227300,16348224,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Greasy Caveman,"Sitting and driving for hours never felt so good.Visual are great,Gameplay is great,Game is a 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,16350745,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,It's ya boy,"Great game until you find yourself in a pitch black field, which you can't get out of, at 1am, with no petrol, a faulty engine and constantly falling asleep.10/10 would almost break my laptop in frustration again."
,Recommended,227300,16351196,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,hei jeg er leisffe,The best Not To Text While Driving Simulator of 2015 year. 11/10 - IGN
,Recommended,227300,16353911,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BakedDragon42,Unbelievably addicting. I've heard a lot about this game but simulators are not usually my thing. After trying the demo I was hooked. It's a very relaxing game while still requiring enough attention that I don't get bored of it. Time just flies by as I'm playing. Sit down for a quick delivery or two and 8 hours later you realize the sun is coming up. It's so much fun though!
76561198156796983,Recommended,227300,16354714,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Friendly In Cherno,Great Game!
76561197992898125,Recommended,227300,16021412,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,gustavochhiesa,"very enjoyable game, even when you reach the management part (my favorite)"
,Recommended,227300,16022166,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,TheMcSame,"What can I say? It's one of those games. It doesn't seem like fun until you play it. There's only a single player mode, however, like Skyrim there is a rather large modding community. There's even a multiplayer mod!I mean, the game is pretty much what it says on the tin. It's not one of those cheapo simulators that were only made as a joke (like Goat Simulator). This is a true attempt at making a simulator and it shows."
76561198178912179,Recommended,227300,16024311,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,THIRAYU [ 黒い彗星 ],What's better than listening to your favorite songs while driving your own truck across Europe countryside. Chilling.
76561198123431004,Recommended,227300,16028260,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Eide,"Wow! This game is fantastic!! Its my favorite game :D and I really recommend this game, the graphics! :D And I love driving trucks, cause its fantastic! The nature you can see in this game is fantastic too, this game is just fantastic xD"
76561198209742951,Recommended,227300,19985189,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,KaydeNNNN csgoroll.com,So Epic So realistic
76561198103810026,Recommended,227300,19985459,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SoloDante,"Best $5.00 I have spent in awhile.(Steam Winter Sale) This game was a pleasent surprise and will occupy many hours of your time. I use a Xbox 360 controller without any issues but would think that a wheel and pedals rig with make it even more immersive. Justt when you think it will be the last run of the day it never fails and you just have to do one more.  Six hours a later and you are still at it. If you are looking to escape the rage induced by FPSs and other genres,this game will definitely settle your nerves."
76561198163460251,Recommended,227300,19979404,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Unkemptbush343,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JpJY5x12PsWas always interested in trying ETS 1 out and time went on and on and then came ETS 2 and at a steal of a deal that I could not pass up finally giving it a try. It is a blast, I know I do not have more then a few hours, maybe 10 or so deliveries but man this game is fun and addictive. It looks great considering just how much it packs. The trucks are very cool, they look authentic, I am in the US and have never seen a Euro truck in person but I am sure its pretty spot on. Even when the trip gets boring its still fun. Even better is not being really responsible for crashing haha. I strongly suggest this game if you are SIM type of person. There is a lot of stuff and fun to be had with this gem. Really nothing else to say but if this seems like your type of game than it more likely will be your next addiction. So hop in that cab and take to the roads and unload your... load!"
76561198272297222,Recommended,227300,20001629,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,xXHaydenXx70,its awsome
76561198126547163,Recommended,227300,20013977,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Commie,very fun simulator
76561198169187204,Recommended,227300,20014314,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Yazzeh,10/Risk of pancake butt for the rest of my life due to excessive play
,Recommended,227300,20015247,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Tenfingers,"H8'ed it at first driving with mouse is worthless, AI drives like madmen, but now CANT STOP"
,Recommended,227300,20010839,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TheRealRobM,I think this game with a VR headset and a steering wheel would be brilliant!
,Recommended,227300,20009483,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ratchetfox,"This is my favorite ""flightless simulator"" game.I was born in Nürnberg, Germany but moved away while I was still too young to remember anything. My home garage is there and it's fun to vicariously enjoy Germany's roadways and scenery."
,Recommended,227300,20013082,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Carlton Banks,8 hours on demo. I think I liked this game.
,Recommended,227300,19960475,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,FlicK,A very relaxing game to play after a few hours of CS:RU
,Recommended,227300,19960617,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,They stick nicotine into apples,"I always had imagination in my life, but after playing this for a few hours I have lost all my ability to explore the real world. This is just magnificient."
76561198036721559,Recommended,227300,19960992,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,rszakats,Best game ever!
,Not Recommended,227300,19973979,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MykeG,"I have this game, but i don`t like it because is hard to controlled the truck !"
76561198066356147,Recommended,227300,19974282,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The_Ravenous_Red,"If you like realistic, open world driving games, then this game is excellent. It is quite relaxing to play, and is probably the best in its niche (Truck Driving/Delivery Simulation.) The game world is both beautiful and realistic, and the routes combined with the environment really make it feel like you're actually driving. However, if you're looking for a high speed racing game, then you're better off purchasing something else, as you will probably be disappointed. The game is excellent at what it does, but be sure you know exactly what you're purchasing before you find it doesn't meet your expectations."
,Recommended,227300,19955398,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,unnamed,y
76561198130607607,Recommended,227300,18890497,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,+380 (66) 850 44 38* ❤,Cool game)
,Recommended,227300,19968444,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Antyon,Liked!
,Recommended,227300,19967013,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,♥Tehpson♥,if you like simulator I would recomend this game. in the game you are a truck driver who have a copany and you are going to make the company go good. when I play i get bord after some days but it just to instal some mods and it will be fun agin
,Recommended,227300,19967497,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,xGapp,"If You Like Trucksm If You Like The W Key, If You Like Steering Realistic Trucks, This Is The Game For You!"
,Recommended,227300,19957415,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Florinus csgoatse.com,Good game!
,Recommended,227300,19957438,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,That Random Guy,love this game!!!!
,Recommended,227300,19958111,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dennis.,Nice game !
,Recommended,227300,19950693,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Shaggyhehe,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 isnt a game you play. its a game that consumes you. its a drug. you dont buy this game knowing that you will loose your social life. but ETS2 takes what it wants. he have a ♥♥♥♥ing amanzing graphics, a ♥♥♥♥ing good gameplay, its simply to play, with a steering wheel all is so ♥♥♥♥ing realistic. i recommend it for all. take and play!"
,Recommended,227300,19953984,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,TryHardSqueaker,Pretty gay tbh
76561198127587300,Recommended,227300,19944411,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,BlueAndYellow,Good Game
,Recommended,227300,19944459,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Andarius,"Great game with great details, great gameplay, dedicated team."
,Recommended,227300,19948848,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,O Long Johnson,noice
76561198261202353,Recommended,227300,19954666,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Close.Fight,yeah nah mate its prety good.. i really enjoyed it
,Recommended,227300,19987235,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Biggles,"+ Excellent graphics and music+ Relaxing game-play+ Amusing wrecks+ Great scenery- Hard to play on a keyboard- Very hard to park trucks- Annoying sleep requirements- Multiplayer mode is not integrated into main gameThis is something to put in your collection. The scenery is great, but your experience will  benefit enormously if you get a steering wheel if you can stand becoming one of those sad geeks with a steering wheel. Still the game is fun on PC. I love the radio system. Excellent.The game is crafted very well. Pretty much exemplary. Works off a Samba share nicely, and plays well over the network."
76561198072173758,Recommended,227300,19987244,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ErALeopard,Addictive.
76561198081588819,Not Recommended,227300,19988161,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,tcrane,"Honestly I love playing this game but some of the AI mechanics are pretty broken and that can make the game irritating to play instead of fun. Frankly, I think most of AI drivers shouldn't have licenses since they sometimes do not know how to follow right of way forcing you into wrecks, or most traffic laws (those who play know the speed devils that are literally everywhere). If poor decision making on the AI's part is a feature I hope that gets fixed or otherwise is communicated to be a feature because honestly either option would give me a better appreciation of the game. Otherwise the game is fun in  where the general strategy is to expand and dominate trucking trade or it would seem that way. Not exciting but not boring either. With a broken AI for the car driving though I don't know if I would recommend the game to anyone."
,Recommended,227300,19988763,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MSS47Ag,"Just buy the damn game, you will enjoy it! It's an essential game that every Steam user should own!"
,Recommended,227300,19988968,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Terror,This game has turn indicators10/9 would truck again
,Recommended,227300,6989952,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Steady,Intense and addictive. Such a good game!
,Recommended,227300,13140399,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Barnum4000,Started a quick job and used their truckBadly damaged the truck and the engine was malfunctioningManaged to finish the jobdidnt have to pay for the broken truckgot full payWould crash again 10/10
76561198008261572,Recommended,227300,19857034,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,malone196,This game is so boring and menial that I almost fell alsleep on the road. 10/10 feels like real work.
76561198042094286,Recommended,227300,19857576,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Zoinks,╱╱┏╮╱╱┃┃▉━╯┗━╮▉┈┈┈┈┃▉╮┈┈┈┃╱╰━━━╯
,Recommended,227300,19857582,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,BoJimBo,"A great game for when I just wanna sit back, listen to some music and relax."
76561198061695649,Recommended,227300,19856657,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,deceres,Great game to chill out after a long day.
76561198176266351,Recommended,227300,15812283,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,chubbard46,Great improvements all around.
,Recommended,227300,13749863,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,C#Coder.cs,"Probably the best driving game ever, you can pass other trucks on impassable intersections if you desire with little to no consequence!You MUST deliver the package in time as well! You can essentially go as fast as your heart desires, just be careful not to roll over!All in all, this does not disappoint!"
,Recommended,227300,15818078,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,A Finger In The Bum,You should join me as a trucker
76561198049144684,Recommended,227300,15818389,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Thrisk,"This game has all that it needs thus, making a great sim. The best part is that people can make mods to make the game even better."
76561198055981159,Recommended,227300,15818481,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,❮❮❮grey❯❯❯,Very relaxing and fun.10/10
,Recommended,227300,15781801,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,RedCat79Gaming,"plays euro truck simulator, thinks he is a real trucker"
76561198011973286,Recommended,227300,15783034,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Zefyrus,"I was transporting a 30 ton bulldozer in 150 km/h (93.2 mph), just outside Rotterdam.80 km/h limit road -> no speeding ticketRammed an unsuspected civilian's BMW -> no crashed vehicle offenseGoes dark -> Got charged with headlight offense.10/10 would go ""Truckmageddon mode"" again."
76561198044671817,Recommended,227300,15843872,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,johnjjajones,Why is there not a Ireland add on.from John
,Recommended,227300,15845569,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mayor Milo,This is a great game to calm down with while listening to your favourite podcast or song playlist.
,Recommended,227300,15848284,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,MalcolmEks,Drive a truck. Forget what side of the road you're supposed to be on. Very relaxing.
,Recommended,227300,13435805,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Dug,">Have ETS2MP>Have Euro truck races>Honk Honk mother TRUCKERget it?oh yeah, 10/10 would stick my privates in."
76561198059017532,Recommended,227300,16118531,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Agoniee,"I find in the first accesses that this game is graphically brilliant, it involves  relaxation and amusement. I like driving  a truck even if it can be childish but this game  is just perfect. The only defect is that a mission sets a lot of time in the real life!"
,Recommended,227300,16145799,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,earthboundjake,open road freedommixed with business management?10-4 good buddyhaiku review
76561198165514945,Recommended,227300,16146290,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,taylor.ken866,come play and drive trucks its cool and fun
76561198114245857,Recommended,227300,16146728,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,bpnelms2009,Addictive!
,Recommended,227300,16147484,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,FernieCanto,"It is obvious that the makers of this game really love trucks. There's a lot of care and passion put into every detail, be it in the graphical or in the gameplay department. But even people who are not truck afficcionados (like me) have a lot to enjoy in this game: driving through all these cities and countries can be a very pleasant and relaxing experience, but it can also get surprisingly challenging and exciting at times. And to keep things interesting, the game adds an RPG-like levelling system, which onlocks more profitable (but more challenging) jobs, and a business aspect in which you buy garages and trucks, and hire drivers to expand your company. The graphics are surprisingly beautiful and detailed, and a real joy to look like. I get back to this game time and time again, and have gladly purchased the Going East and Scandinavia DLCs for an expanded territory and more cargo types and companies. All in all, this is a simulator to be played and enjoyed unironically -- so if you're of the hipster kind of gamer, you may be disappointed. Otherwise, for anyone who may get mildly interested in the premise, I strongly recommend this game: it definitely delivers (sorry for the pun)."
,Recommended,227300,16149616,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,thejojo1001,"Simply fantastic, 10/10 - thejojo1001"
,Recommended,227300,2759450,"Posted: 22 January, 2013",all,RisingRedWolf,"Surprisingly fun and addictive. This game is great for people who want to experience a huge open world driving simulation game with lots of business and vehicle customization. The asking price is incredibly cheap for the amount of content in the game and if you are still unsure if it's for you, grab the demo and try it out.It's worth it."
76561198103137331,Recommended,227300,16130838,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ButtonyBeanie,"Very realistic simulator and guarantied hours of fun. I would even say this game becomes so addictive that you forget the what the time is. If you love driving, then buy this game. I bet you'll wanna be a HGV driver after this..."
76561198151413767,Recommended,227300,16229832,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,JazzCup,"Strangley fun and addicting. To someone watching you playing this game it looks like you're doing something tedoius and labourious. However after awhile it begins to grow on you and you complete jobs for more than just to pay off a loan you took out on your truck, and more just because you love trucking and the satisfaction of seeing a job well done.tl;drits toy trucks for grown ups"
76561198010317869,Recommended,227300,14198862,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,hitmanecek,"Easy, relax, drink some tea, eat some cookies, turn on radio, take a delivery, shift a gear and travel across Europe. Unfortunately after some time it's about to be boring, because driving trucks became stereotype.Verdict: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,227300,16264232,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,kaspars.bebris,recommend
,Recommended,227300,16265097,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,João dos veneno,Um dos melhores simuladores (y)
76561197977087557,Recommended,227300,15963903,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,benken10,"If your looking for a slower, chilled out game this is the one for you.  Great graphics, great game play and when you get better at controlling the truck have a look out of the window...there's some great views!!"
76561198039915424,Recommended,227300,15984425,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Dugspreeo,"Pretty fun game, landmarks are limited though"
,Recommended,227300,15986106,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,kmdsims,"Great game! It's fun, entertaining, and relaxing. :)"
,Recommended,227300,15990569,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,LordBelialz,Feels nice to kick on the radio and drive. View the beautiful scenery.
76561198182249799,Recommended,227300,15978985,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Thom_is_cool,"Very good game. New mercedes benz trucks make it better.Bad thing is you have to look up on news how to get the new 1.18 beta rather then the game updating its-self, which would be nice.Sometimes lages and glitches.cars overtake you when going proper speed limit, not even the  truck limit, so makes no sense..Then the cars speed off which makes it look like 20km/h faster than what your going.Wish you could get out of truck.The bank hardly lets you get 400,000 euros, i had to wait 15 jobs until i could.one of the old truck brands were made up [Majestic] and mercedes-benz replaced it.During the night the street lights are dark/ 1 every 10-15 meters and i have to put my high beam lights on to see the next car and at least more than 10 meters ahead, otherwise i crash into the cars ahead and also i get fined for having on high beam + car crashes almost 1,000 euros gone.When at traffic lights and you are first you cant see if its red or green without going on the outside camera.If you are a gamer who plays truck games and you want one then i reckon you should get this because none are going come out for years, even though it ok.People who just get any game they wont dont waste money on this if only play like twice a week it sometimes loses your save game, some buttons only work on pc if you dont change them because of the mac keyboard is weird.Verdict:6.5%/10%Thanks for reading this."
76561198077574890,Recommended,227300,15981520,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,AkoUVaLitoS,"Ό,τι καλύτερο!"
,Recommended,227300,15982454,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,MrAsterB,"First of all this game is incredibly relaxing. Pick the right radio station or play your own playlists and just drive around - you will start feeling better about yourself in no time.As a simulator you'd expect difficult controls, stressful need for accuracy and high price for mistakes - but its not there. Its not arcadish in common sense either though - it balances in between. Kinda hard to explain, but if you start playing you'll feel it immediately. The game rewards you with feeling of accomplishment as much as any hard simulator does. But at the same time it will punish you for mistakes as little as arcades do, so you wouldn't get demoralised as much. And yet it feels realistic.All that should be enough to at least check the game out but there is much much more. Active developers, lots of free stuff comes with patches, fairly priced addons with huge amounts of content, free player-made mods, good traffic AI, great visuals, sounds, optimisation etc.. Overall its a must-have for anyone who enjoys well-done games in any genre and a must-try for pretty much anyone else. Demo is free after all."
,Recommended,227300,15982924,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,deanthedon,love this game being able to jus sit back truck and listen to rock music. ive also got the multiplayer mod really fun being able to truck with my friends in a convoy
76561198121038682,Recommended,227300,30506979,Posted: 14 March,all,mileko2013,Absouloutly amazing game! Great graphics( alittiration) !
,Recommended,227300,15766382,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Don Berna,Did a turn at 10 MPHFliped my stronk Volvodamage at 100%Payed for tow trucknow i have -49k11/10 would flip agian
76561198093331663,Recommended,227300,15767160,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,rramos01,On Mac OX You Have To Turn Down Graphics.
76561198138706966,Recommended,227300,15831781,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Punygod,"This game is awsome especially if you like driving sims plays very well on low end machines, i can play for hours and get lost in driving especially in the new scandinavia dlc which Btw is very well put together and had some outstanding scenery much recomended"
76561198079386636,Recommended,227300,15832024,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,x8th,Relaxing
76561198060383599,Recommended,227300,15832973,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,VIrumZz,"For all your trucking needs, get this game. All DLC recommend for ultimate experience"
76561198112644150,Recommended,227300,15833679,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,vamato42,Great Game!  Constantly being improved. Can't wait for U.S. Truck Simulator.
76561198119592101,Recommended,227300,15629133,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,IcySmeagol,this is a must have game for anyone on steam it is very relaxing it is almost threapeutic in a way
,Recommended,227300,15629407,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Windrush,"One of the greatest open world, and 'simulator' driving games around. There is little to dislike about this game, except the AI system which doesn't like to obey some (minor) road rules such as undertaking on motorways. Apart from that, it looks good, and is great fun to play."
76561198054930589,Recommended,227300,17736486,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,egil_teige,"I like this game, it is a real time consumer, and for some reason I enjoy driving through europe with the radio blasting in the background.Great game"
76561198026884932,Recommended,227300,17606128,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,mockler007,"what can i say, i  love it, i play train sim too and flight sims and this is goodno crashes at all or screen tearall we need is OTHER TRUCK MAKES,AND IRELAND, COMON ID PAY 1OO EURO JUST FOR IRELANDgameplay is very very good never crahed on highest graphs,love the livestream radio stations,keep om trucking  lads"
76561197989899045,Recommended,227300,17609144,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Thorny,This is one of the best simulators ever made. TONS of mods and it's still supported by the devs. You won't regret buying this relaxing game.
76561198127703986,Recommended,227300,17610755,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,burnt_RAM_,"Euro Truck Simulator... 2. Not 1, but 2, boys.It's a sim, pure and simple. And I love it. Hey, if you're into driving trucks on the open road, hauling 20 tons of concrete, apples, furniture etc., shifting to the proper gear when needed, parking your trailer for that extra xp (can be frustrating at first). This is the game for you.Side note. I play this game wearing a cap and sippin some caffeine while waiting 2 hours for the next rest stop, for added realism."
,Recommended,227300,17612263,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,[LTO-B] TEUN,It's a very nice game! You can driving at Europe. Mods for Scandanavia. Can Steam a Multiplayer download making?
76561198011547444,Recommended,227300,17614760,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Ugarte,"Great casual game, put on some music or a TV show and cruise.  I recommend online streaming radio stations from the local areas you are driving in."
76561198065653715,Not Recommended,227300,17513253,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,washman,"Mac beta is just getting glitchier and glitchier everyday, and that was before me even trying a mod.  Once I got a mod, the whole game crashed and I lost all of my progress.  I won't be playing for a while.  Very dissapointing after a strong start.  These updates have just been awful.I won't recommend this game until they fix the glitches.  I'll be driving down the highway at 90mph and everything will dissapear as I see 2D shapes on my screen."
,Recommended,227300,17437246,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Doritos Pope,Fun fun fun on the autobahn.
,Recommended,227300,17520376,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Wing Gundam (Endys Brother),i learned a couple of things in this game that did help in real life
,Recommended,227300,17642743,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,emilio,"When I first saw it, I thought, ""How could driving a truck around Europe be fun?""Now, driving that beautiful truck around Europe is one of the things I look forward to doing everyday."
76561198231462588,Recommended,227300,17643058,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,The Mechanic,fantastic game i love it
,Recommended,227300,19524363,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dave Shafer,Excellent trucking sim!
76561198180927529,Recommended,227300,19514715,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Aquamaine,I absolutely adore this fantastic game!!! It is a game to get lost in!Once you start its kinda hard to stop!
,Recommended,227300,19515068,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,[L]therael*,Best game to play when you're bored or have nothing to do in your free time!! (Y)
76561198171626709,Recommended,227300,19512988,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,^redux^,Volvo 4 lyfe
,Recommended,227300,30641466,Posted: 20 March,all,TheTroll™,nice relaxing game to take my mind off thing and get sleepy when i need to sleep
76561198170197506,Recommended,227300,19508692,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,darkshadows505,how do you get unlimited  mony on this game.Because i would be really happy if you told me.And i like to have unlimited mony Because it takes me a while to like get a lot of mony.
,Recommended,227300,30641160,Posted: 20 March,all,hlaCk,nice simulator
76561198068123278,Recommended,227300,19358103,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,h2odave,Excellant Sim. Helps to have wheel.. Handeling is great too. I just wish I would have waited to buy as it went on sale a week later for the whole package. You can travel throughout Europe. Happy Trails!
,Recommended,227300,19358551,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Wick3d,Before ETS2 i had life..And now i have ETS2I RATE THIS 9/11
76561198060487651,Recommended,227300,19358570,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Garfield,nice:D
,Recommended,227300,19357958,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Malita | csgolabz.com,"Just bought it , i like to play it with friends."
,Recommended,227300,19377330,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Johnny BRAVO,11/10
,Recommended,227300,19378239,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,NOELonPC,Such a good game! Its an immersive experience with all the highs and lows of being a real trucker
,Recommended,227300,20387477,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,[REBEL]dmac2540,"This game is awesome, if you dont want to become a truck driver in IRL just buy this game and it like you are a truck driver plus this game is very addictive!"
76561197977604256,Recommended,227300,20387546,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,FingersTitan[PCGC],Combine PES and FIFA and you get the Trucking version of that..
,Recommended,227300,20385868,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ALEXCRAZY8,"Great simulator game!When i bought it it was on sale for 5$ and to be honest i thought i was goign to be part of the 3% of people that dislike this game, but i love it!and the Multiplayer mod makes the game much more fun aswell!"
,Recommended,227300,20345661,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,segopadang,:)
76561197996415952,Recommended,227300,20382073,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Omikronlex,Why are there no drive thrus? I'm hungry!
,Recommended,227300,20383645,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,zadric,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227300,20325056,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Forzaguy125,Trucking trucks man
,Recommended,227300,20325113,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,karanwilkhu,i frickin love this game
,Recommended,227300,20305169,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,afif,Best game. Very recommended.
,Recommended,227300,20376047,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Microsoft Edge,AI driver slammed on brakes in front of me. I accelerated at him.11/10 would ruin truck again
,Recommended,227300,20375596,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,yipers,i started to play dis game again and i love it mp community. So epic :Dand this snow is so cuul :D love it.
,Recommended,227300,20352026,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,skypilot9,This SIM just keeps getting better and better. Im sure the America add on will be even more impressive.
,Recommended,227300,20344089,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Fink,"Absolutely one of my favorite simulation games. I've loved trucking games since 18WoS and being an American driver I still find ETS2 loads of fun. Purchased a little over a week ago and already over 50 hours on record, level 18 and approx 15,000 miles on my profile. Can't help but get lost in this game. Even with my gamepad it's fun *Logitech F310*"
,Recommended,227300,20344222,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,pie tin cat,"I bought this game semi-ironically. I've grown to love researching my next rig purchase, using my turn signals properly and just driving the open road. This game is especially fun when you have a community to discuss it with (my coworkers and I play during lunch).If you're looking for something that is casual, calming and addictive; give Euro Truck Simulator 2 a try."
,Recommended,227300,20360152,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Valiera,"Beautiful and very realistic truck driving simulator. I recommend to play this game, multiplayer makes the game even more enjoyable and you have ability to drive along with your friends."
,Recommended,227300,20361589,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ME4DOWZ,"Has a huge following tbh, lots of mod's available, it may fade with American Truck Sim around the corner. But Still the daddy for me"
,Recommended,227300,20359036,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Eagle,Interesting
,Recommended,227300,20364866,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,fierybob,Very good multiplayer simulator.  Great graphics and no need for a strong graphics card.
76561198183866598,Recommended,227300,20363755,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,iSchatzz COME TO PAPA,This game is best game I've ever play. GG
,Recommended,227300,20346360,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Nemo,9/10 would like it
,Recommended,227300,15789087,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Poison Pie,"Don't diss the game till you've tried it. Its so sick in a strange truck like way. Brilliant game and works well even on a cheap PC, Be prepared to put many hours into the game though once you get hooked."
,Recommended,227300,15789116,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,ANZAC,wait this is a game?? oh my... I spend to much time playing I forgotawesome series of truck sim by scs almost flawless and worthy dlc
,Recommended,227300,15793660,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Talismandan,"I hesitated buying this game for months and I'm sorry for the procrastination. This game is so fun and I'm not even a fan of trucks or truck driving. Something about the beautiful scenery, lighting, and simulation engine that draws me in for hours at a time. AWESOME!!"
76561198030016795,Recommended,227300,15795021,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Nuka,"Was turned down for a trucking job, as they didn't consider this game as a licence...Bloody noobs"
76561198157420119,Recommended,227300,13854680,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Kale,"Fun game definetly as the amount of realism features have increased signifcantly over previous truck sims that I remembered of ex: 18 Wheels of Steel American Long Haul. The progress is noticeable throughout the years. The size of the map is impressive considering driving times between loads. Got the Scandanavia DLC and I am impressed, game keeps getting better!"
76561198067578787,Recommended,227300,15865131,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,polky2727,11/speeding tickets would speed again
76561198077070176,Recommended,227300,15865732,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Vitarius,"i like the game but they have to put more effort to the map design, more detail in the landscape ! and not for a dlc"
,Recommended,227300,13797891,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,breakthehabit,"When I first started playing this game it was kind of confusing, but you get the hang of it after a few hours of crashes aha. To be honest, the GUI for this game could definitely use some work, but you hardly notice since the gameplay itself is great, and the driving sim is simply perfect.+ Great driving simulator+ Relaxing and more fun than you'd expect+ Potentially hundreds of hours of gameplay+ Graphics are amazing.- AI whyyyyGame has a lot of potential. Adding more content like roads in other countries (Canada, Singapore, Japan, ect ect) would be amazing. I know the game is Europe but still! Keep working on this, devs. :DEDIT: I can now park a truck! Hooray! This game is way more fun than it should be, but I love it. I think I only rated this 8/10 because the AI and speeding tickets were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. But let's be honest, this game is great. I'll say 9/10 now lol.EDIT 2015: Okay. I swear they changed the graphics. Instantly upgraded the scenery. I love it. Not sure about the AI, but now traffic lights project the light colour onto the ground and that makes me so happy. I'm so glad they're still improving this game. 10/10 A must buy, and definitely one of my favourite games. The fact that my rating for this game is going up through the years just means that at this rate, Euro Truck Simulator 2 will just keep growing. Thank you for all your hard work devs!TL;DR: This game is worth every single penny."
,Recommended,227300,15868696,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Vextality,I broke the game several times because I crashed my truck into countless of objects that apparently will break the game if you hit them.... (Including mods)10/10 Would break the game again!
,Recommended,227300,15870601,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,wtpalexander,Love the Game! Best game!
,Recommended,227300,13142768,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Tii111,Official multiplayer would be nice :)
,Recommended,227300,15872634,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,jakemiller1,"As a truck driver, ive found this game extremely good to play. much improvement since the Scandanavian  add on and extra paint finishes. Recommend to anyone interested in trucks and driving"
,Recommended,227300,15872763,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Kinslayer,You could be fine one second like: Man I love this game! Then 1 minute later your like I hate this game with all my hate. Then another minute your like I love this game
76561198170187750,Recommended,227300,13604259,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,fish,Great Game
,Recommended,227300,15875677,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Tom,"All money goes to fuel, tires, maintenance, traffic fines and at the end of the day you wish you'd have a more powerful car. Slow cars on the motorway making you feel irritated. This game is more realistic than real life."
76561198085946621,Recommended,227300,13323230,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Sgt. Hammer,"It's ok for a while, but it's the same thing over and over and kind of gets old.  I will probably still play it from time to time, but I'm glad it's not my only game.Edit:  I originally gave this game a thumbs down, but I recently bought an xbox 360 contoller and it gives the game a lot more functionality (you still need the keyboard for some controls, but it's not a problem).  I now think this game is pretty fun!  I'm glad I tried this again, because this game actually has a lot of depth when you start running your own trucking business and buying garages and stuff.  Definitely buy it when it is on sale and it will be a good addition to your Steam library!"
,Recommended,227300,15876002,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Cummy Crusader,"Alright, so..Euro Truck Simulator 2..Hmm, where do I start. Well, first I'll just go on about the gameplay, and then the flaws that it has, then the parts that I love...GAMEPLAY: You drive a truck around various diffirent locations, with AND without your Cargo of diffirent weights that WILL affect your driving, I find it relaxing, but sometimes frusturating when the eventual AI derp that you may or may not run into, this game is far from perfect but I love it none the less, the scenery can get boring eventually, the roads and highways can be the EXACT same in certain locations, things that are small, but very very noticable if you pay attention.FLAWS: Well, the AI can be a little derpy at times, but it's not SO bad, you will notice the derp every once in a while, but it won't ruin your expirience. Driving, the driving itself isn't bad, it's realistic, it's fun, but I'm talking about the Roads, the Highways and the Cities, it's all Similar if not the exact same, the only thing that's keeping it from being flat out BORING is the scenery, if you're going to drive for a long period of time you're going to look at the scenery a LOT, it keeps things refreshing. but the roads themselves can get very boring.DLC: So far I enjoy ""Going East!"" with plans on getting the new DLC soon because it looks fantastic, I hope to see more good content from the devs, payed or free. Not a lot to say about the DLC other than more trucking, more trucking is always good!"
,Recommended,227300,15876122,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,DP_GAM1NG,Great game
,Recommended,227300,15876294,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ahchuanabcdef,It is a nice game
,Recommended,227300,15878239,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,crazydriver009,"I have a question, Why I have to start a new game on ets2 for 1.18 beta?"
,Recommended,227300,13883156,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,nightstorm56,"For some reason, going in to the cab's view mode and driving around is extremely relaxing and serene...even when you're careening down a freeway at 87mph dodging traffic.10/10, would fall asleep at the wheel again."
76561198044055749,Recommended,227300,13883626,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,sapiens8888,8/10 Roads incredible accurate.
,Recommended,227300,13884933,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Just Ted,great fun to play. my dad keeps on correcting me and telling me what to do while i drive the trucks... think this would be amazing with a steering wheel and peddle sut up. but still an awesome game with a keyboard and mouse.its a 10/5 from me
76561198130103201,Recommended,227300,13885142,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,cooldude88,very fun i love driving around in this game with very good graphics
,Recommended,227300,13885503,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,TheTrueLeader,its a really cool game. its great for teaching people how to drive trucks.
,Recommended,227300,13885745,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,CrackedSlate,This is a great game and a really great simulation game. Why?- Great graphics- Relaxing (great alternative to fast paced games)- Love the idea of running your own buisness- Lots of stuff to do in game- Great mod community e.g. realistic logos mod- Can listen to music while driving - always goodI would recommend it to anyone if you like simulators or not.
76561198094183087,Recommended,227300,13540528,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Creep,Hard as ♥♥♥♥ but it's kinda great game with great graphics and Europe scenery (That's what she said)9/10
,Recommended,227300,13541922,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,The Bennafactor,I never would have thought driving a truck across europe would be so fun. This game allows me to be productive while i waste time.
76561198154582638,Recommended,227300,13542510,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Harijs[LATVIA],i like it
76561198149357359,Recommended,227300,13543234,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FFS iTs Batz,Great game!!
76561198123152855,Recommended,227300,13545006,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TRIP,Great game to chill with friends on the MP mod.
76561198035239733,Recommended,227300,13545092,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Murikka[FIN],Good Game. Only problem is those civil cars. 4/5
76561198164889485,Recommended,227300,13545163,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mido007,I like a lot that game .. and i recommend it
,Recommended,227300,13462345,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Trainfan1225,"loved the game, graphics 10/10, new DLC 5/10, and gameplay 9/10if you like trucks, get the gameif you like simulators, get the gameif you like to mod things, get the gameif you hame less than 4 GB ram, do not get the gameif you have a older the 3 years old computer, do not get the gameover all though, it is a good game and you sould get it if you can"
,Recommended,227300,13462388,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,「Steve-O's Ugly Laugh」,A great game! I'm playing with a controller at the moment but I want to buy a wheel + pedals just for this game. It's a relaxing game. Even though I don't really know how to play that well yet but it's one of my favorites for sure!
76561197999696345,Recommended,227300,13461378,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Bunglecopter!,"Surprised how god this game actually is. It's quite relaxing driving in traffic after I get home from a long days work and have been stuck in traffic all the way home. Give it a bash!Hay devs on the next game could you atleast include a couple of hookers at the truck stops to spice things up abit, just a thought."
,Recommended,227300,13461975,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,WARCHILD,yea son so good son eu son best truck in the game son
76561197968012929,Recommended,227300,13461993,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,[MDK] Vaudeville,"I don't get it. I don't understand why it's fun, but it is. I think it's mostly to do with the fact that it's such a departure from most other games I play where the object is to smash the **** out of ppl/stuff. I get so much as a scratch on the Iveco and I sulk for days.Oh and a pro tip: don't even think about testing mouse steering whilst driving. If you are stuck in traffic because of an overturned truck on the M11, sorry about that...11/10 ofc."
,Recommended,227300,13462002,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Canadian Attack Goose,"Prepare your body for a peaceful drive across west-central Europe in a shiny truck. It's quite meditative, odd for a driving simulator, but also very challenging, more so than you'd think. I have yet to back the truck up into the loading dock the proper way...or remember to drive on the left in the UK..."
,Recommended,227300,13462130,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,-PsL-,Its just...Amazing!!10/10
76561198093665832,Recommended,227300,16629452,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,NigNog,"one of the best truck driving sims out right now , it's beautiful looking , accurate and in detail"
,Recommended,227300,15789395,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,harveymoore1807,"Simply amazing, graphics are also unbeatable with great features"
76561198030964911,Recommended,227300,17182585,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Epicbadass,Drove a few trucks around and hauled some stuff.Bought more trucks for my business.Then I kept upgrading mine.Then I drove more.
76561198119443033,Recommended,227300,17184970,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,willshem,i love this game
,Recommended,227300,17185966,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,SlavicMemes,emmm.. gud game
76561198087718078,Recommended,227300,17187475,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,austrianracer,"This game... how should i start. First of all, the game is great fun. Big World, lots of roads and cities. Secondly, all standart trucks are already great trucks, every standart truck is licensed and is very configurable.The modding communtiy is unbelieveable big, if you get bored with your standart truck and map, you can download tons of stuff, from a russian map to tons of trucks and more things you can put on your truck. Nearly everything is possible, have seen trailers with tanks on it. But not every mod is compatible with another mod, it crashes from time to time, you just gotta figure out wich mod the crash causes.But, speaking of mods, there is a thing called ETS2MP which is, yeah you guessed it right, a multiplayer version of the game. There are already thausands of people playing the multiplayer verison, I am one of them and can say it's really great.All in all, I fully recommend this game for everyone wh searches a bit of relaxing gameplay, or for everyone who likes ""drive"" games.I'm sorry for any grammar mistakes, english is not my first language."
,Recommended,227300,5646923,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Flea The Skilled,Great addicting and very polished game. Gets awesome when combined with music or podcasts. Definitely one of the best simulators of all time. Requires lot of time and patience.It starts being fun at 150 km/h.
,Recommended,227300,18032310,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Vanheden,very good game
,Not Recommended,227300,15218735,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,W4NTΞD,"I with a GTX 970 installed on a SSD, I can not play this game at 60fps. It's ridiculous how this game is heavy on DirectX 9. So negative this game."
,Recommended,227300,18002929,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,WitchSpoon,"People say this game is relaxing. It was, until I downloaded the multiplayer mod.The multiplayer mod.Oh what fun I have. Prepare yo' butt.>Get into game, Manchester.>5 or 6 guys in the area>Everyone is silent, kinda strange for a city but I ignore it.>Get job and go find my trailer>Pick it up>This crap going all the way to east Deutschland>Make it to Rotterdam area>Goddamn traffic near Rotterdam is cancer incarnate>15fps. Glorious pc master race my♥♥♥♥♥♥>Near the end, trucks dispersing.>Start driving pretty normal pace, lots of trucks around.>Get to an intersection>All the trucks are no-cliping into the ground.>Headbanging, sorta.>I make the mistake of driving past one, 1 cm of distance.>Loud banging sound, then I'm flying in sky, cant see floor.>Going at infinity mph>100% Damage to cargo and truck>Go in debt for €200,000>Takes me half a year to pay it all back.funfunfun"
,Recommended,227300,18017613,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Alabaster,Pretty good if you're on that pot!
76561198199224923,Recommended,227300,18018435,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Brice_Helton1,This game is fun and relaxing. But can some times lead you on long trips.
,Recommended,227300,18016080,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Bornto Ball,It's the best simulator game I ever played
,Recommended,227300,17953856,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,GoldenPhoenix97,does this game support window 10???
76561198011533751,Recommended,227300,17995788,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Tengu,"Quite realistic simulator, but you get bored after a while. Also it is time consuming game."
76561198162838910,Recommended,227300,17989486,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,(VGW)Sil3ntx*AU*,awesome game on my score I would give it a 6/10 but there's not much skins for the game but hey it's worth it's money
,Recommended,227300,17989961,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Sen,"Excellent game, Brilliant producers who listen to the customers and release updates and fixes to the few minor problems when told about them. Recommend this game to anyone who enjoys driving simulation games who i would suggest getting a steering wheel and pedals or a gamepad to play as it enhances the game place 100%"
,Recommended,227300,17990026,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Gecko,"A brilliant game. I love driving games, but I never really enjoyed racing games. This is  a relaxing game, not very fast pace. 10/10"
76561198139910371,Recommended,227300,17999983,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,IIIStripes,Yep its sim time )o(
76561198122879202,Recommended,227300,18000160,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mad Indian,nice game
76561198169344060,Recommended,227300,18159590,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Harley,"Just one word ""BEST"""
,Recommended,227300,13954767,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,stoc911,"I got bumped only one time......and it was a ""she""......How can it be more simulative than that?? :D"
,Recommended,227300,13954894,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,FZTH,i think this is the best choice for truck simulator games.
76561198000319022,Recommended,227300,13941004,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,HearthJunkie,"Very good game which I have been playing now for a couple of weeks. Picked it up in the christmas sale and have not regretted it very good game for those who enjoy Truck Simulators and a very nice world to drive around in.Currently running the game with the Brazil map mod and Jazzycat's suite of mods to add more to the game and more variety to the trucks, cargo (such as delivering military tanks and helicopters etc) and also extra AI cars as well. On the whole would highly recommend and would recommend to anyone buying to add some mods as well as it's worth your while."
,Recommended,227300,13898441,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Lala,it s cool game.I love simulatior game.But this game is the best game I ever play in my life.Be cool and buy this game.
76561198160858206,Recommended,227300,13941895,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,paul.whitworth4,this game is amazing its just epic i totaly recommen it
,Recommended,227300,13944157,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,[STE] bakermiles,"Great trucking sim with many trucks and trailers to choose from. Build and manage your company, Modify and customize your truck to your liking and drive like no tomorrow. 9/10"
76561198084006584,Recommended,227300,13945005,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,WingDingsGalore,It is honestly the best simulator i've ever played.Good for people who are in to trucks and has a huge mod community
,Recommended,227300,13946251,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,WINDOWLICKER,gr8 m8 8/8
,Recommended,227300,13946526,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,you cant fuck the rabbit,"""What's so great about driving a virtual truck on the road?""Everything in this game. It starts as you just going around getting jobs for money, then you can use said money to buy your own trucks and hire drivers for your business, then you can sit back and watch the profit roll in. Awesome interactive tycoon genre game, even better with a wheel. 8/8 m8s."
,Recommended,227300,13728277,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ChrisCkross,Hard to get going at first...
,Recommended,227300,13728738,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Excedium,An amazing truck driving simulator that ropes you into hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,227300,13725257,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Orange.,"WOW... Euro Truck Simulator 2 is an A-W-E-S-O-M-E game! From the expandability (whether it be expanding your fleet, or exploring all of Europe), to the realism (managing your trucking company, or driving in different weather conditions).This game does have its flaws though, but they are very minor, like the ground not looking wet when it rains. Also this game has a lot of highway driving, so it can, at times, be boring.I would recommend getting a racing wheel/ steering wheel, when playing Euro Truck Simulator 2. If you don't have the budget to get a wheel, playing with the keyboard is just as good.If you LOVE trucks or LOVE driving, this game is WELL worth the $money$."
,Recommended,227300,13729748,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BigboyJack.BBJ,good game and it is realistic but it is not in the USA. it is in Europe so you drive on the left and the right side of the road. and you will be challenged by the circle roads. but i give it a 5 star. and to add on the fun get mods. one of them are multiplayer. but you need to get it off a website so watch avideo to figure it out so buy it now
,Recommended,227300,13730115,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dark_Unity,great game
,Recommended,227300,13731489,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,GunneR,yo you cvan jack off in your trucks.!
,Recommended,227300,13732054,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,A_Blind_Man,"if you like driving trucks this game may not be for you, if you like dicking around, speeding and delivering things this game is right up your alley"
76561198117215988,Recommended,227300,13732894,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,sklarczyk,"22 hours of trailer whipping, guardrail grinding truckin."
,Recommended,227300,13733608,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BlackHawkGawd,"Just some Highlights>Delivering high value cargo>Random car rams you>You get charged>Finally reached the end of long distance travel>Perfect run>Tries to park>Slightly taps wall>1% damageHonestly, I have to say this game is a huge surprise. (Yeah yeah, game is good, not a joke simulator comment out  of the way). One major positive about the game.Beautiful! Just look at everything, it is stunning to view the scenery on your travels.Gameplay feels like your driving a truck (That's a good thing, if you don't get it)I don't really have a negative on it, I guess if you hate trucks or Europe, don't buy it. If you don't thenBUY IT!!!"
,Recommended,227300,13769997,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Skwisgaar Skwigelf,This game is not as easy as it looks. I quit it because im more into casual games.
76561198203171648,Recommended,227300,13771691,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,maxamedcaddow,very fun and realistic game
76561198068160546,Recommended,227300,13772304,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sir_Liamer,"Elijah was taken to God on a flaming chariot, you will be taken to God in a beautiful tractor trailer!"
,Recommended,227300,13772728,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,NIB,"Really nice game, worth every cent spent!"
76561198072888343,Recommended,227300,13773740,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Newman,"Great game, It's fun and it can be a awesome time waster!"
,Recommended,227300,13773880,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,AbuAbuAbu,"Okay In never write reviews, especially for something I've only played 2hrs of but, let me tell you this game makes you lose track of time.... I'm a FPS gamer, I never really liked driving games, and when I saw this game I thought it was a joke, ""Who the hell wants to be a damn truck driver?"" I thought.... Well I'm mistaken, this game is by far one of the best games I've come across in a long long long time,,, Get it when it's on sale! You will not be dissapointed!"
,Recommended,227300,13774149,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Geddy__,10/10 Best. Game. Ever. Created.
76561198047207808,Recommended,227300,13774299,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ray_cool,Almost like real life...but better
76561198144576767,Recommended,227300,13774704,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,^ZaKX^,BEST SIM EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,13775320,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Tobeus,"If you like sims, this is one of the best I've played in a while.  Lots of attention to detail and generally fun to play.  I love growing my own business and making deliveries across the whole of Europe is pretty freaking cool.  You will spend a LOT of time driving the virtual terrain, so if you are not into road trips through some amazing skylines, then forget about this game.  Otherwise, sit back, relax, and enjoy the on-board radio.  Don't forget to load up the live steaming radio stations for an authentic Euro-radio experience.On another note...I'm from the USA, and I have never travelled to Europe.  I sure hope these maps and locations are at least reminiscent of the real thing.  I noticed the towns are very cookie-cutter as far as roads are concerned, but I still hope the backgrounds, buildings, and overall feel of each town is accurate.  Anyway, great game guys, keep the DLCs coming.  More maps and jobs please, enough paint jobs already!  lol"
76561198118407613,Recommended,227300,9012090,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,art.1964,this game is awsome
,Recommended,227300,13776479,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cob,"It's like skyrim, with trucks.10/10 would be bored, yet entertained again"
76561198095553193,Recommended,227300,13776999,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,FREEDOM ON,Get the game. Trust me. You know you want to drive a huge truck. Modding community is great. I have 150+ hours on the game. It's really addicting. Updates are freuquent.
76561198020709095,Recommended,227300,13777412,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,HamstersWithHats,nice and peacefull game but setting up a game pad is a pain in the behind >_>
,Recommended,227300,13777732,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sunshinefart,The game is awesome! Covers most aspects of European Truck Driving... Play the game for yourself to experience something really fun!
,Recommended,227300,13777952,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,YuЯickz,"♥♥♥♥♥blocked a truck on the freeway to prevent it from passing, driver got angry, got into a demolition derby and still got paid for my mission."
,Recommended,227300,13778318,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Alternate 1985 Biff Tannen,"This game is surprisingly addicting. It's great to play when you're looking to just relax. I think it's best to have a gamepad or steering wheel for this, and my optimal experience was playing with a wheel and pedals. I can't wait for American Truck Simulator to come out, however I find the unfamiliar but beautiful aesthetic of the european trucks very pleasing."
76561197993101121,Recommended,227300,13815883,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Nightk,Per 2.50 € un giochino bellino di guida e gestionale...
,Recommended,227300,13817418,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,sensi277,"A game about driving around a miniature Europe. With 22 tons of heavy cargo. Oh, and also UFOs. And sometimes your truck decides to take a nap. On its side.9/10 - Relaxing game is made better by total adrenaline crashes followed by nervous breakdowns."
,Recommended,227300,13820124,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,linux,"If you don't like this game, you probably should not be alive."
76561197974861847,Recommended,227300,13726364,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,MechaWookiee,Way more fun than you think it would be.
,Recommended,227300,13727052,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,iskela45,its like skyrim with trucks
,Recommended,227300,13758190,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,snoopdoggo,its really goooooooooooooood
76561198058494805,Recommended,227300,13760723,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Stephen,"A great game, can't think of anything that I would change about it."
76561198144956984,Recommended,227300,13761995,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,tsn21,its really fun so get it u can get mods trucks tralers whatever u like
76561198122652511,Recommended,227300,13763068,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kanepike22,good deale
,Recommended,227300,13763980,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,papagal,Best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,227300,13764304,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Colaflaske,"On my top 3 games list.After 200+ hours of this game, it's safe to say it. This game vastly changes your thoughts on what a simulator is all about. It actually captures the FEELING of driving a truck. Heavy duty, kind of slow controls make it handle like a big machine, and that's what makes this so great! And don't you just love it when simulators also have a purpose? In this game, you canbuild your trucking empirewithout leaving the comfort of your home!"
,Recommended,227300,1842719,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,Nave,"Extremely realistic, beautifully-rendered, and strangely relaxing getting to drive a huge truck across a good chunk of Europe. The road lengths, cities, and time passages are scaled, but it's still immensely enjoyable. Gives you a true sense of what these pioneers of the highway have to deal with on a daily basis. It's a welcome change of pace from all the high-speed crash-fest arcade racing games out there today. Pro tip: Get a steering wheel controller."
,Recommended,227300,13742288,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Grimmy My Wimmy,A very chilled out game with great graphics and driving simulation.A perfect game to fill up your day!
76561198132864129,Recommended,227300,13742823,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Theoretical Noodles,"Fun, great way to waste your life...Its graphics are beyond decent... and found little to no bugs.:)"
76561197982355727,Recommended,227300,13743294,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,The Jeff Lajoie,Best Game I've Ever Played
,Recommended,227300,13744359,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,EnceladusRN,Trucks go vroom tho
,Recommended,227300,13744532,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Croissantquiqui,This is a lovely game. Please buy it with your money.
,Recommended,227300,13744782,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Rockpolitik,How I wish getting and doing a job as a real life trucker was this easy and enjoyable.
,Recommended,227300,13745046,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Random Noob,I bought the collectors bundle and do not have the DLC packs pls help otherwise it is a good game
,Recommended,227300,13745570,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,viziel,"Suprisingly fun and easy to play game with many levels of simulation.  Make deliveries for money or just enjoy the ride, Euro Truck Simulator 2 also lets you pick from a variety of modern trucks and also run an international business."
76561198083149698,Recommended,227300,13745582,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Schradde,"I haven't played this game for too long. But it have already been a great experience. I have already crashed numberous times, kill a person, got a ticket beacuse i my lights were off, tried to bail from border payment, I drove on the wrong lane (the manuel didn't help), crossed redlight and I got off road because I wanted to do a short cut but instead I had to drive on grass among the trees. And haven't made so much money yet, still owe €985. But i'll be alright, there must be some kind of cheat.10/10."
76561198146209929,Recommended,227300,13746939,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[RISE] John,11/10 This game is just amazing I play with my xbox controller as well as my H Shifter but I would say this is the closest experience to being a real truck driver and Im saying this because my Dad has been a truck driver for more than 30 years and Im proud to see that theres a simulator that lets us know how they work.Amazing
,Recommended,227300,571736,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Lowlight,"Super relaxing stuff. Put on a podcast or some speed metal and just drive your cares away on the wrong side of the road. Except for in Belgium, I guess. I tried driving on the left side there and bad things happened. Not to me, but to smaller cars."
,Recommended,227300,20531631,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Shooter32073,"Ummmm, You Havent Got The Game? Say, Did You Here How GReat It Is It Has Mp ,.... Make A Convoy, or go into the own world of moddable singleplayer but be careful alot of sneaky camreas start a road trip from uk to germany do anything WITH NO LIMTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197990369732,Recommended,227300,20531921,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Avitus [GR],"This is a rare game that gets love from its devs with frequent updates and polishing.Here are the Pros:Frequent updates. They added licence for Mercedes-Benz (formely known as Majestic) and they working on multiplayer.Support LINUX.Config files aren't hiden and you can change them.Supports mods.Has achievements.Support for steering wheels. I have the G920 and the shifter and it rocks. Best experience is with a good wheel.Amaizing game engine optimization. I can run this on a 2006 HP Pavilion with a x2 Athlon@2Ghz and an HD5660m.Has Open world. Most of EU is covered.You can add your own favorite music and radio station with ease.Cons:The AI is retared, really retared. You may be in a roundabout wanting to take the 2nd exit and the stupid AI will ram you.No realistic damage model at all. You may smack a wall at 100Km/h and not even a scratch on the truck, you do take damage but not visual."
76561198088589669,Recommended,227300,20534323,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,felipefortyfour,"This is an insanely addicting game!  There are small neuances within the game that keep it interesting and fun to play.  Who ever really thinks about driving big rigs...or that it could even be fun?  Let me tell you,  it is fun!  Theres a big mod community that lets you expand and add more to the game.  If you add pro mods and the russian map mods...you've almost tripled the roads you can use.  There are different trucks you can play with and the content keeps growing day by day.  If you are on the fence about it...definately give this a try.  I highly recommend it if you own a wheel set as it becomes more immersive although it is very playable with a pc game controller.  Happy trucking!"
76561198046844877,Recommended,227300,20574394,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,DeadShot4568,Good Game
,Recommended,227300,20577012,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ArticKill3r,the game had messed up my graphics and so i deleted the game to reinstall and now i cant reinstall it.
,Recommended,227300,20520850,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,76561197967193056,Wroooooommmm :D
,Recommended,227300,20528935,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,MarzenGold,"Really enjoy this game. Winding down after a long day at work, delivering some goods building a company.It would be even better if it had a hardcore mode if you could not save during jobs. Right now I tend to take unrealistic risks. Would be nice if you could not cheat the system in such a mode and maybe have a reputation system in which you can compete against other virtual companies for contracts. And maybe even more like transport tycoon in which you can buy out competition. :)very fun and replayable/10."
76561198119554246,Recommended,227300,20515854,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,gjl421,This is a very good game!
,Recommended,227300,20526510,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Arnoska,"A pretty good game. Some people say that the game is boring, but they don't understand what a simulation game is. If you didn't like the game, before refunding it try out some of the mods, mods definitely CAN change ETS2"
,Recommended,227300,20590409,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,K1K4,lel
,Recommended,227300,20591602,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Jynkky,"Well. I bought ets2 long time ago but I didn't like to play it with keyboard. Now I have Thrustmaster T1§0 and I love to play this with it. But theres one annoying bug happening: everytime I launch the game with T150 plugged, mouse cursor freaks out and keeps sliding down on the menu screen even I don't move it. I have to unplug T150, shut the game, open the game again and then re-plug the T150 and setup it again. Not a big deal but pretty annoying."
,Recommended,227300,20586274,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Po Tato,"Am i the only one who plays this game and in real life tries to be as careful as possiblewhile driving, not to damage your cargo(Car)? This game might look boring but wait when you start playing it."
76561198072954446,Recommended,227300,20522822,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,GriFFiN38,"great fun, challange and time killer"
,Recommended,227300,12986028,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,RichManSCTV0™,"Explore Europe and more without a passport! Have fun making a trucking empire, while driving all over! Mods are super simple to instal, and make the game even more fun!"
,Recommended,227300,20563585,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Petru.  hellcase.com,"Pros:-Goog graphics-Perfect Gameplay-A lot of upgrades-50+ hours of driving-A lot of trucks to choose from-Realistic ""law"" systemCons:- My bad pc :(-No Romania (Not really a con, but i'm from Romania and I'm very patriotic)Overall:If you paid 20E/bucks for it, you're pretty dumb, If you bought it on a sale for 2.50/5, it's the perfect game to ruin your life.11 Slow drivers/10"
,Recommended,227300,20560262,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,chloe.smith90,Addictive :)
,Recommended,227300,20562121,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,wellsdjing,still no jake brake sounds
76561198219596651,Recommended,227300,20501689,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Mega faggot,some dumb car crashed into me.some dumb car crashed into me.some dumb car crashed into me.some dumb car crashed into me.some dumb car crashed into me.some dumb car crashed into me.some dumb car crashed into me.some dumb car crashed into me.some dumb car crashed into me.some dumb car crashed into me.10/10 would be crashed into by a dumb car again
,Recommended,227300,20232811,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Silvast,One of the most relaxing games I've ever played. Well worth the $5.
,Recommended,227300,20502926,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Manoesia Retjehan,If you think your computer isn't strong enough to play this great game...You are wrong. This game is suprisingly light (my 1.3 ghz laptop can play this game pretty smoothly :D).
76561198011131828,Recommended,227300,19847475,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,[CGO] Ruppsrunt,Yes
,Recommended,227300,19847870,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,PaladinBIGDan77,The best truck simulator game since 18 Wheels of Steel: American Long Haul
,Recommended,227300,19847001,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Unakrsni retardt drugog lvl-a,nicee !
,Recommended,227300,19847253,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Andrei,This is the best timekiller ever <3!
76561198106551864,Recommended,227300,19846564,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,equalizer,"An excellent game, well thought out and hrs of fun. I cant wait for American Truck Sim."
,Recommended,227300,19846609,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Karimoti(SLO),Its just ♥♥♥♥ing best game! YOU MUST BUY IT!!! 99/10
,Recommended,227300,19801436,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Vytis,Like this game. Rated 10/10.
,Recommended,227300,19811624,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Warlord_Onx,"Well after a few hours on record I guess I can leave a review. Simplely put this game is a blast. Our community atthnr.enjin.comhave gathered a good group of people to play multiplayer. We have a very good VTC and always looking for more. So buy the game, hit me up and we willl get you going."
76561198014937818,Recommended,227300,12331568,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,_-SpUtNiK-_,"The comprehensive explanation of this game, in its entirety, is: you use trucks to drive cargo around Europe...This doesn't sound like the most exciting thing in the world, and it isn't, but that's not what draws me in to continue playing for hours at a time. It's very hard to pinpoint what exactly makes this game great and something you should own. Maybe it's the little things, like the excellent radio player, the sounds or the environments. Perhaps the idea of an open road just seems appealing to a lot of people, including myself. Whatever it is, I love it!Is it an excellent simulator? I would say no. The physics are a little bit off and the trailers seem to not work as a real trailer would. The roads are not representative of real roads; for example, the vast majority of motorways in Britain link to a roundabout, not to some strange junction system which doesn't work very well. The A.I. is functional but not very smart, once or twice I've spotted A.I. trucks going round and round and round a roundabout because it can't find its exit.I'm interested to see what happens with Euro Truck Simulator 3. If they fix just one thing I would like the road network to represent reality.I reccomend this game to anyone even slightly interested. Try the demo, you have to play it to understand what I mean, it's just good!"
76561198195934725,Recommended,227300,19812443,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Arede_Neves,Amazing! Addictive!
76561198250733468,Recommended,227300,19813468,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,PotatoAim35,i hate car gamesi hate driving in real lifei hate stupid AIi love euro truck simualtor 2i dont understand how but this game is a great game to play if you just want to pass the time and talk to friends
76561198124999721,Recommended,227300,19786685,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,flyingmonkey,jogo otimo e mt♥♥♥♥♥♥ valeu apena cada centavo gasto no game
,Recommended,227300,19788803,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,COX,"Este un joc grozav. Dacă-l joci în multiplayer o să dai de mulți idioți care n-au permis, sau de nesimțiți, la fel ca în realitate."
76561198247290564,Recommended,227300,19788134,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Snoopie,"i love the game,it is awsome to play.i just wish i had the Scandinavia and or going east"
,Recommended,227300,19820470,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Thee Under Brake,Great to causally wind down after a long day of racing.
,Recommended,227300,19803675,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,SinanReis,Oyunun sürüşüne grafiğine diyecek yok  ama yollar hep aynı dlc ler cok pahalı bunlar duzeltılırse tadına denmez
76561198079702915,Recommended,227300,19809294,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Kitinghatred,I think if you reach 100+ hours it's time to rethink your career...
,Recommended,227300,19800722,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Ninjafluff,A very well done truck driving sim. Love how well it works with a wheel with pedals and shifter. I can't wait for the release of the American Truck Sim. Keep up the great work you guys.
,Recommended,227300,19806025,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Gainsoul,I really love in fall this game!
,Recommended,227300,19793614,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Haffin5,this is a fun game can't wait intill ats comes out
,Recommended,227300,19951536,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Veritasius,"Bought on a whim. ""Unexpectedly engrossing"" indeed, beautiful, fun. It deserves this positive review from me, try it out."
,Recommended,227300,19952184,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,oogieW,>start up game>takes 3 minutes to finish a normally 30 second tutorial>gets first job>takes a turn>flips truck>quitsWHY HAVEN'T YOU BOUGHT THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ALREADY YOU♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227300,19944751,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nian1337,Good game. Only need official multiplayer program
76561198187952995,Recommended,227300,19945033,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,#EMANANDCHRISTINA,Sounds like it should be really boring but I find it strangely enjoyable.
,Recommended,227300,19959870,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Windows X,v immersive.
76561198069129302,Recommended,227300,19961230,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,LinX,love this game:) <3
,Recommended,227300,19991908,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,A-Space-Turkey,"Seriously. buy it. If you have even a passing fancy in trucking, buy it.In the two hours I've played, I've done 3 deliveries, and that's just Aberdeen to Glasgow.There's all of Europe to explore, and man will you explore it.On the way, the scenery is beautiful.Even while driving, you still have time to look around and get a feel for it.From my guesstimate, there's at least 100 hours in ETS2, probably a lot more when you start to like it more.And yes, it's playable with a controller, quite well I might add.I use a Logitech F310, and while it's not as good as a proper wheel, it certainly does the job.10/10 from me. Especially since the DLC is affordable, and it adds a hell of a lot more."
76561198124640186,Recommended,227300,19992475,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,•Mr. Soon™,Very nice game! I recommend to you to play it!
,Recommended,227300,19997662,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Vem,An old game that still is supported with recent updates! The unofficial Multiplayer is also fun if you want to try something else than just singleplayer.
,Recommended,227300,19958372,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ei1429,100 hours at the time of this post and still playing! 5 star
76561198087546565,Recommended,227300,19863750,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Sakura,Great game
,Recommended,227300,19867828,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DexterSfera,:))
,Recommended,227300,19865035,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ithikari,"The only game where I can shout ""beep beep, I'm a truck ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" while raming into cars on the highway doing 80kmph.Road rage simulator 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,19867208,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,a boiled egg,This game is incredibly addicting for what it is. Who knew driving from Manchester to Katowice could be so fun?
76561198147494395,Recommended,227300,13462177,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ReedEagle,Very great game. Also a relaxing game if you dont crash :)
,Recommended,227300,13449053,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Garry1415,"Great Game Great Graphics Though the speed limit ""notifcations"" dont really stick out so its hard to tell if your speeding other than that its really realistic game9/10"
,Recommended,227300,13462614,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sexy_Widdle_Baby,Euro Truck Simulator 2 + Your favorite Radio station = A surprisingly very additive and relaxing game to play. 10/10
76561198084011216,Recommended,227300,13462739,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Can't Scout For Shit,"You drive places with♥♥♥♥♥♥on your trailer, it's really peaceful. Until the A.I ram up your♥♥♥♥♥♥and you get a fine. 10/10"
76561198057723195,Recommended,227300,13462974,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Grieving Sparrow,"3rd job, still doing quick missions. Was supposed go from London to Norway I believe and wound up veering off road and wrecking so badly that I got hung up on a barrier. Called service, repaired vehicle (employer must hate me at this point) cross ferry, crash, speeding ticket, crash. Cancelled job. Cost 12 grand...now 10 grand in the hole.10/10! Will play again! :)"
76561197966026548,Recommended,227300,13463250,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,« Scorn »,"Started in London, took a hard right turn out of the truck depot into the street. Trucking down the road when suddenly cars driving right at me.10/10  - Would drive on wrong side of the road in England again."
,Recommended,227300,13463609,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Philip J. Fry,flew in the air like a boss and mods are awesome 10/10 would fly a truck with a tractor on it again!
,Recommended,227300,13464156,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kreemy,Steam Music + ETS2 = Driving Simulator Bliss :)
76561198204404811,Recommended,227300,18401353,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,flamesandgames,Speeding ticket sim 2016666/10
,Recommended,227300,17950876,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Buckeye,"This game man.... I have a lost of words. I play this game everyday. Now that it has multiplayer it I'm on it a lot more. This game is outstanding, It has a good amout of updates getting to it. I've play over 375 hours of this game. Doesn't seem like a lot to some people. No doubt I jsut love this game."
,Recommended,227300,18004896,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,KawaRu  [BE],"Fantastic game!Realistic graphics and since they came with the scandinavian pack the roads are more interesting too.I recommend this game with all the map & cargo DLC's :)If you are bored of being alone, there is a mod that makes this game multiplayer. Fantastic!Ets2mp.com"
,Recommended,227300,11577986,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,✪ r66ba,Simply the best :3
76561198144302869,Recommended,227300,17969864,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Smret,I've learnt more city names playing this game than I have studying  geography for the past 5 years!12/10
76561198070093094,Not Recommended,227300,18218723,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dom-虎,Nice game.
76561198204806989,Recommended,227300,18215716,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,floriswess4,is goed game!
76561198198035433,Recommended,227300,18218272,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,MrSupernovaGuy,Some People Say that it is a truck sim it would be rubbish but when you get into the game you cant stop playing it
76561198207528116,Recommended,227300,18218556,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,viberex,A beautiful realistic game with so much to explore i deffinatly recomend this game
,Recommended,227300,15633501,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,FeeazZ,easy to controlgood graphicchanging gameplayrealistic traffic
,Recommended,227300,15633708,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Rye,"Before i bought this game only one of my friends had it and he really wanted me to get it. I was sitting down thinking about it for ages and when i bought it all i canould say was. This game is by far the best simulator game ever. not only is there a new DLC (that is worth buying btw) but they are always making the base game so much better. in a few months there will be a new truck for perchase, a Mercedes-Benzi rate it 8/10Pros:good visualsdecent amount of truck companys ( DAF,Iveco,Man,Majestic,Renault,Scania ,Volvo and soon mercedes)good customizationbeautiful scenerydedicated developersloads to dothe ability to start a empirebig moding comunityCons:you have to download a seprate multiplayer which can be hard to get workingspeed cameras pop up way to soon after a signmy truck doesnt roll anymore it just stops when the accelorator is offSome ideas for the future: lets face it we all have ideas for games that will never be put in so here are some ideasmore area in italy to descoveronline mode in the actual gamemore rims and wheels ( this one is being done as we speek)more high value cargooversize cargothe ability to repay the bank some of the money back and not all at oncemore skins in the gamemajor citys have there iconic buildings in the area somewhere even in the backround ( paris,london etc)i hope the american truck simulator will be beter if not just as good as this tiptop game"
76561198080572625,Recommended,227300,15820648,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Teebs,Play this game while drinking- 10/10
,Recommended,227300,12624688,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,9Finger,nice gameplay when you play it in high quality
76561198140078207,Recommended,227300,15822382,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,✇ ArisMidos ✇,awesome simulator game great physics and great graphics
76561198022614604,Recommended,227300,15824196,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Lager,great truck simulator! :)
76561198000102436,Recommended,227300,13977514,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,{Mad Dawgs} - TD,"When I come home tired and stressed, there's nothing better than turning on ETS, turning my brain off and delivering some pipes to Belgium. With only mild annoyances from AI drivers not knowing the highway code."
,Recommended,227300,13978542,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,kahlil,This game keeps getting better. The Dev team has put some real work into this. They are very good at fixing bugs as they come up. this is a sim  plus management. Need a good system for this to really shine. This is not a fast paced action game.
,Recommended,227300,7726362,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Sunburnt,nice
76561198134776991,Recommended,227300,13766246,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DiemondIce,I really recommed this driving Game it fantastic once you strat to play you just cant put it down.  All I can say is get it try it and see.
,Recommended,227300,13894236,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,"',,'",Best trucking simulator game
,Recommended,227300,13991090,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,TwoDollarDeuce,"Euro Truck is any wannabe truckers wet dream! You start off with your little truck and work your way up to the fuel guzzler hauling cargo around Europe! Would recommend to anyone wanting an amazing driving simulator.WARNING: The AI are absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in this, they crash into you at any given chance and overall ♥♥♥♥ up your earnings!The Dev's really need to sort their♥♥♥♥♥♥out when it comes to the AI.."
76561198044763600,Recommended,227300,13997127,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,One Piece,a real game..we hope that we will see a new things in the new virsion of this game like more real life.
76561198124671897,Recommended,227300,11705968,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,makaveliX11,Love this game so much.You can drive around Euro in cool trucks and listen to real radio stations in game! I recommend buying this game as it is so worth it
,Recommended,227300,14041118,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Codybassline,One of the best games to date! I would highly recommend this game to anyone that love's driving!
,Recommended,227300,14042645,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,giorgio,"this review is specifically for the mac beta version of this game. which is pretty solid for a beta.---in euro truck simulator, you drive a truck across europe in a really, really literal sense.it's a game that is literally just that. there's no frills or anything. you drive a truck. occasionally you sleep and get gas. sometimes you get to deliver somehting cool looking. you can lean out the window and turn on your wipers. that's it.i know i'm not the first one to say this but contrary to that notion and the notions that come along with it, it's a great game and is good to pass time late at night.definitely worth a poke, you know?buy it.my only issue is that you can't mod the game on mac yet. there isn't support for it.6/10. buy it if you like vanilla gaming."
,Recommended,227300,14043175,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,deepmofo,"Awesome Game-For some very odd reason,don't question it play it"
,Recommended,227300,14043460,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,MrF030™,Awesome game and very realistic 10 out of 10
76561198066099542,Recommended,227300,14045640,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Zarf,Surprisingly fun almost zen experience.
76561198078419543,Recommended,227300,14036703,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,WildRose,"This game is probably one of the closest realistic truck simulators you can get. I enjoy the game and would recommend it to anyone looking for a driving simulation game. It can maybe even teach those wanting to drive, some rules of the road etc."
76561198021912748,Recommended,227300,13985660,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,DANSKEN!,LOVE THIS GAME! SO ADDICTIVE!!
76561198115873478,Recommended,227300,13988680,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,mccarthymiguel3313,whats there to say its a great game
,Recommended,227300,13989422,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Pastor Josh,"A captivating game that is bound to take hours of your freetime. You may find yourself asking ""Why would I buy a game where I drive around in a truck?"" I can answer that. You drive across Europe with in a variety of truck with a variety of customization options and enough controls to soothe even the biggest of Petrol-Heads. I absolutely recomend this game even at the 30 dollar price tag."
,Recommended,227300,13989902,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Ferd Jones,Disapoint ther are no bears in this game. Tooka long-haul over to the land of the polllacks. Inspired them to rise again.
,Recommended,227300,13990621,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,FranksTheTank60,It's like Skyrim with Euro Trucks1.6 thumbs way up/ 2 thumbs way upWould simulate Euro Truck again
,Recommended,227300,13990925,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,BlazePhyre,Not my usual game but really fun none the less. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,18196106,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Tijua,"A very nice simulator. It is so relaxing to be driving a truck while listening to French radio stations with the Internet radio. It looks beautiful for what it is. Some of the cities look quite similar, but I like the differances in architecture and landscape as you cross the borders of differant countries. It makes me want to emigrate to Europe to become a truck driver, but I won't, diesel and tolls roads are expensive."
,Recommended,227300,18196218,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,MAVERICK,good game :)
,Recommended,227300,18510699,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Farmskins.com vuloee ✅ Heeper,Great truck simulator :) MP is also awesome :D
76561198116555481,Recommended,227300,18471356,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,DRUGMONSTER,Fun♥♥♥♥♥♥right here.
76561198131801277,Recommended,227300,18471487,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,ajreid7890,THIS IS CAN BE VERY ADDICTING AT MOST TIMES
76561198202355389,Recommended,227300,18466955,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,baboljoe,So. Relaxing.
,Recommended,227300,18497273,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,<ZackleR>Jfkthethird/KurmaMutton,Just drive it :)
,Recommended,227300,13172739,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dynnao,"I'm honestly not sure why I enjoy this game so much. Normally, if I'm going to play a game envolving vehicles, I prefer something action-packed and over-the-top such as Need For Speed, MarioKart, or something else that's all about hitting breakneck speeds and pulling ""sick stunts bro"" in the most exciting, flashy way possible (it's probably because of this that during my first session in ETS2, I amassed a large number of speeding fines). After I got used to living life in the slow lane (literally), not crashing into other cars for fun, and not being able to drift around corners or use nitrous boost, Euro Truck Simulator 2 grew on me. This is probably one of the only games in this genre that I will ever spend money or hard drive space on, and to be honest, I would not have bought it if not for the 85% sale price.Graphics are gorgeous, AI of civilian vehicles is very impressive, physics are (as far as I can tell as a non-trucker) very true-to-life.I don't care if you're into trucks in real life, or if you're just a casual gamer looking for something different to add to your Steam library - If I of all people enjoyed this game as much as I did, you most certainly will as well. Pick it up if you can afford it."
,Recommended,227300,14168927,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,☜☮☞alm.casas☜☮☞,"Simply the best simulator. Of all the games I have on steam, this is the one with more hours played ...SCS Software is to be congratulated, and hope they keep improving ever so as they do today."
,Recommended,227300,14170067,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Spodini,this is 1 of the best games i have ever played so i recomend this game
,Recommended,227300,14171465,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Olympic,How do i check my product code
76561198095722161,Recommended,227300,14171574,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,mIKE,it pretty good
,Recommended,227300,14224294,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,billywingcommander,"Strangely addictive and also relaxing. Started playing a long time ago, expected to get bored very soon but changeable gameplay, a massive amount of mods and now the new achievements mean there's always something to aim for and to update."
,Recommended,227300,14224579,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Def,GG:Great GameGreat Graphics!Physics are...well alittle hard to drive but its still manageblewould r8 7/10 gr8 game m8.
,Recommended,227300,14227254,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,glottis_theill,Best relaxing game for me ever. Its super effective for stress relief. I just lean back and watch that road lines pass below my truck for hours and hours. I played it over 140 hours and its still playable as the first day I bought the game.
76561198151218890,Recommended,227300,14181046,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,kamilos,
,Recommended,227300,14181273,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,FalloutBoi,ive changed my opinion this game is pretty cozy to play on a rain filled afternoon
76561198029479464,Recommended,227300,14214726,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,RR_NiftyDragon,"Buy it, buy it NOW!"
,Recommended,227300,14216228,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,santaclaws,ouch sooo good
,Recommended,227300,14216653,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,mechmasterp,"Seriously play this game.  This game is surprisingly addictive.  Also, get the DLC for ""Going East"" and the ""High Power"" pack.Tips:*Watch out for speed camera signs*Don't try and beat cars trying to merge, they are a bunch of honeybadgers and you know what they say about them*Use an XBOX controller*When entering a city expect speed cameras (especially in England)*Start levelling up long range early*Use cruise control and remove the speed limiter in the options*Use headlights during the rain and avoid a fine*Take out the 500,000 euro loan ASAP and put your garage in a big city, trust me just do it (don't make the mistake of buying the first garage you seen in the tiniest town)"
,Recommended,227300,14216769,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,DK Caboose,Love this game so much fun to play.
76561198067564434,Recommended,227300,14218674,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,TheTimidTadpole,Still don't know why i'm addicted to this.10/10 will keep delivering potatoes.
76561197970459037,Recommended,227300,14006627,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,M&B,very good game
,Recommended,227300,13966686,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Krimzon Moon,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a wonderful creation! It is a beautiful and relaxing game. I know nothing about driving trucks, so I can't vouge for it's authenticity as a simulator, but I can say that it is very enjoyable as a game. It's level up system gives me something to aim for and the joy I feel when I get a perfect deliver after an hour of driving is just priceless.If I decide that I don't have time, I can save the game, mid delivery (even while driving) and just quit out. It's loading is hardly noticable and the framerate steady. The Trucks feel heavy when driving, and collisions feel distressing. I use a keyboard and mouse to drive and although it isn't ideal, it isn't complicated.The amount of truck customization is pretty extensive and makes you feel like the truck belongs to you personally. Not to mention the number of trucks you can purchase in general is pretty impressive.I think the only criticisms I have are that you can't roll down your window and listen to the sounds of the road (which is something I always enjoy when driving in real life) and the AI seems to have a hard time understanding roundabouts occaisionally; This ends up with me getting a fine and less pay for a delivery.Overall, I have to recommend this game. Don't let the ""Simulator"" part of it put you off. If you want a game to just relax and unwind, get Euro Truck Simulator 2."
,Recommended,227300,14008593,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Luigiht,"If you want a trucking game, that's the game. But what's more interesting of it is the big modding community behinc which makes you able to drive any truck, including some fictice ones and some old retro and American trucks as well. Even cars and buses are available! You can even download a mod to modify the map, make it bigger, redefine roads, whatever you believe it can be done in ETS2.Even you are not a fan of trucks, but you love driving in big maps with a relative good graphic quality and good physics, and you have a wheel device, that's definitelly your game."
76561198153769320,Recommended,227300,14009675,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,prenner86,This is a great game I have ever been played in simulation category. I recommend to everyone who like trucks and real simulation games.Updates will be arived often that is improving game feeling.
,Recommended,227300,14010217,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,meme!?!??!,"Good game, nice map and only a few glitches here and there :)Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,227300,14011748,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,(>'o')> Spin Me <('o'<),"Best game, buy it now!"
,Recommended,227300,14003924,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SGT. Jerkovskeet,Great trucking simulator.
,Recommended,227300,14031010,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,it is not wednesday my dudes,The most action packed game of the century.
,Recommended,227300,14017448,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,/robex/,cool game
,Recommended,227300,14021005,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Deziel0495,"Countless hours of entertainment. Plus, with the multiplayer mod, your guaranteed to enjoy!"
76561198076355823,Recommended,227300,12584100,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,V_Casimir,"This game is more fun than I could've ever expected. As you can imagine the whole game can be summed up as 'You drive a truck from point A to point B.' But somehow SCS Software has made a very polished, very well presented game that manages to entertain you with the most mundane.Oh, minor edit: I find that ETS2 plays better with a steering wheel, than with a keyboard. So take that into account if you're considering buing."
76561198014601420,Recommended,227300,14021794,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Grandrandom,"Defies all expectations on what a fun game should be. It has absolutely no right to be as fun as it is, yet somehow driving a big, slow truck completely within the confines of the law makes it one of the most entertaining games I've played in a long time. The wide variety of real radio stations you can listen to in real time doesn't hurt either. Definitely would recommend."
76561198011608992,Recommended,227300,2720303,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Sotavdod,"This game is very nice sim for truckers, or just the feel of Europe in Genral, and if the roads are really like they portray, God Have Mercy on your Souls"
,Recommended,227300,14022976,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Jmac,"Great game, just need longer trailer double combinations to make it more challenging"
76561198092707967,Recommended,227300,15475945,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,nknight582,Best game
76561197977112663,Recommended,227300,15478749,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Elduderino7256,Good driving game
76561198024930612,Recommended,227300,15479561,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,violentstreak,"like skyrim, but trucks"
76561197995439733,Recommended,227300,1617980,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,[JIGL] Spyk32,All you do is drive trucks. Yep.
,Recommended,227300,15481614,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MinIndex,It´s Good
,Recommended,227300,15618165,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,iii,Game is fun. AI is terrible. Terrible AI makes game fun. #BuyIt
,Recommended,227300,15498963,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,T.w² - Silver,"Very fun game, but its much better and fun with mods"
76561198162090307,Recommended,227300,15500764,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Me are Jalopy,The best game on steam that i know of
76561198095175049,Recommended,227300,15504686,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Jolley Giant,I think that when you have got the hang of driving it is the  the best valued game by far
76561198147278198,Recommended,227300,15601330,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ninja SwagLord,"is good game , recomanded"
,Recommended,227300,15602008,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,MidWeekFour7,I Played The Demo Of It And I Completed It In 1 Week I Waited For A Bit And Got It For £7.49 I Can Now See Why It Was £15 As It Is A Rally Good Simulator And Anyone Looking To Get It ShouldIt Is About...Driving Round Europe (You Can Buy DLC To Unlock More Places I Think)Following The Road RulesEmploying People To Do Jobs For YouUpgrading Your GarageAnd Upgrading Your TruckI Reccomended This Game To People Who Have Pashents While On The Road It Isnt A Race If You Are Looking For A Racing Game Go Look Onto Grid 2 Or A Game Like That.Sorry For Any Spelling ErrorsPlease Be Sure To Check Out My-Twitch-www.twitch.tv/midweekfour7YouTube-https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrBeck4b2lSeN_2XnOqbwtQ
,Recommended,227300,15593400,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DrenZO,it keeps better on update...
,Recommended,227300,15595844,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kittel,amazingly designed and detailed game and so many mods to use but you need to like driving because theyre are parts where you could be driving on the same road for a while 11/10!!!
76561198163247596,Recommended,227300,15759112,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,charette.kristi,AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,15761455,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,-PEves-,"Don't play this game at night. You will fall asleep at the wheel and crash your truck. It will cost you a lot in repairs! Falling asleep in real life at your computer while playing this game feels exactly like falling asleep at the wheel in an actual car. I seriously don't recommend driving your trucks when you are tired.At first glance and at tenth glance I passed right by this game on the store page. I had absolutely no interest in it. Then one day my roommate told me it was Oculus Rift compatible. This thought alone caused me to take a look at it. I have tried the game with and without Oculus and I enjoy it both ways. The game has a rank up system that allows you to haul more hazardous goods as you go. The object of the game is to start a long haul trucking business and open up your franchise across all of europe, buying new buildings as you go and hiring new drivers to work out of each building you purchase, you also must buy trucks for them. In turn your drivers will make money for you as they haul trailers across the country. This game is a really great simulator. It has lots of nice scenery as well. I never thought I would put so many hours into it. The game is truly a gem.I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys driving, or driving games. Don't turn your nose up at it. It's actually pretty good!Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,227300,15762240,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Grey,"When I was very young, my dream was to become a truck driver. That never happened though, due to my not-so-healthy right eye since my birth. (So, I couldn't have a proffessional driver's lisence).Then, this game comes along and after spending many hours driving my childhood's dream trucks, I felt like I was living the dream! - Well, not like it would be in real life, of course, but... !This game really changed the way I see all those truck drivers on the road! Really tough job! Respect...All in all, a very good game, well designed and good gameplay!Negative : Would like to see some more variaty regarding different roads, like gravel, snow, icy roads, poor tarmak, narrow and more difficult situations. Like having to stop on the side of the road (costing time) to wear tyre-chains if the road becomes too slipery ,etc.Thumbs up for a very good game, nevertheless!"
76561198044255921,Recommended,227300,15764177,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,chris_24,good game
,Recommended,227300,15765055,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,dewgi,will go down in history
76561197975701108,Recommended,227300,15765343,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Bry78a,Absoulutly love this game even though it may not be for everyone its in depht enough to keep you coming back but not too complex to keep people from enjoying it. Oculus rift (DK2) support helps as well if you have one.
,Recommended,227300,15765979,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Jesteruti,"Awesome, i wish American truck simulator came out and MULTIPLAYER could be provided from steam and not SCS website."
76561198121203225,Recommended,227300,15585337,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,creed,After playing this I never looked at a truck differently ever again.
76561198134290532,Recommended,227300,15585643,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Ban Ki-Moon,Bästa... Spelet.... EVER!!!!
76561198058757344,Recommended,227300,15585450,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Asso™,"Obviously a title that's not for all, but, except some little particulars, this is the best trucking simulator so far. This game is evolving into the best way possible, and, in future, can become a REALLY complete trucking experience.VOTE 9.5/10"
,Recommended,227300,15586183,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,javaj,Amazing price for an amazing game.
76561198081296250,Recommended,227300,15587839,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Im A Wizard,"I love this game and recommend people getting it! I just need help so if someone could help fix this problem that would be great! My problem is i use a steering wheel (Ferrari Racing Wheel, Red Legend Edition) and all of the buttons work and everything expect i can't turn? No matter what i try or what i have tried (Tried everything i can think of to get it to work) It will simply not work! The steering wheel is perfectly fine as well nothing is wrong with it and its not broken.. So if someone knows what the problem is please help me out. Also i have checked to make sure all the ingame options were on the right things for it to work."
,Recommended,227300,15589653,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Toxic,"When you need to take a good, solid break from all the outside noise of life (and maybe even other games [See my CS: GO review]), this is your solution. Drive around Great Britain and continental Europe and see it in its innocence. The objective is to run a successful trucking company, so be patient when starting, as the workload will get lighter as time goes on."
,Recommended,227300,15900540,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Dore915,"Such an awesome game!! I was one of those who thought that ""How can driving a truck as a game be fun"" but bought it based on the overwhelming positivity of the feedback, it wasn't that expensive and it is not something I commonly play, I went for it. Haven't looked back!!"
76561198043453760,Recommended,227300,15900965,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,brewdog708,"Bought this just for fun and got hooked.  Great sim, super fun!10/10"
,Recommended,227300,10178775,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Gabz007,I loved it especially with the MULTIPLAYER MODE it's Crazy!!!! :). A very stable game.
,Recommended,227300,15902064,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,FrizzyFaze,amazing game but i get no speeding tickets im like 5mph over the speed limit and im just gob smacked !!!
76561198054130196,Recommended,227300,15878385,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,adamburto360,
,Recommended,227300,15879586,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,TearZKnight,LOVED IT!So real and so interesting.Wastes hours of time playing itI would buy itNOW!
,Recommended,227300,15658001,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,SAM!,Super fun.
76561198190861855,Recommended,227300,15663140,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,maxamus19,Awesome game always wanted to feel what its like to drive a big rig. Looking forward to American truck simulator.
76561198036784921,Recommended,227300,15652423,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,YTS KOR |,ok
,Recommended,227300,15652665,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Ssthalar,"I never thought I would find myself enjoying a trucking game and yet, I do.It is surprisingly zen to just haul stuff around."
76561198135112030,Recommended,227300,15653634,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,A Redneck Trucker,The game is good and it's just getting better with the updates and the DLC
,Recommended,227300,18722463,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Zephkiel,"Let me start by saying I am usually not a fan of simulators.  At all.  I tend to find them lacking in purpose and direction, and can't bring myself to play them more than the opening experience.  That being said, it's almost impossible to describe why ETS2 is so enjoyable.The premise is simple.  You pick a job, pick up the trailer, drop off the trailer and collect money and XP.  Money goes towards new trucks, equipment, garages and hiring drivers, and XP goes towards unlocking new jobs or increasing rewards (or lowering fuel usage).  There's really not much more to it than that, and yet, ETS2 is strangely engaging.You can approach ETS2 like a genuine simulator, where you obey traffic rules, take a nice, slow pace for jobs, listen to the soothing 'taps' of your indicator and relax along to the gentle hum of your engine.  It sounds simple, but it's oddly cathartic.  Alternatively, you can haul♥♥♥♥♥ roaring down the highway at breakneck speeds, praying your trailer doesn't tip around the corner as you cut off AI and weave through traffic, racing against fatigue as you listen to jams like ""Convoy"" and ""East Bound and Down"" (more on this later).If you're like me, like I know I am, the most you know about trucks is that they're big.  And slow.  ETS2 lets you jump straight in and drive from A to B simply with WASD, and you can even skip parking the trailer in exchange for an XP loss.  Alternatively, for the full truck simulation experience, you can opt to manually control everything from your gear selection to your retarder to your axle height, use of your exhaust brake, and even manually using your mirrors and on-board GPS system instead of the user-friendly HUD elements (you can even adjust your mirrors to suit your needs).That being said, there are some limitations to the simulator.  From what I understand, the physics aren't fully 100% accurate, for things such as being able to use any chassis size for any job and not seeing much of a difference in physics (there may be some) during storms.  Speed limits change without warning in some sections (usually just before a speed camera), but these are relatively predictable once you're familiar with an area.  AI behaves in strange ways, particularly around roundabouts, so you'll probably end up with a fine for causing a crash because some driver tried to overtake you on the outside.  That being said, the AI is often predictable and you can avoid these incidents with a bit of practise.There is no in-game music (outside of menus) and the radio station requires an internet connection, so you'll have to bring along your own jams for the offline experience.  The graphics are starting to show their age, but the sounds are quite authentic.  And of course, there is mod support and .ini tweaking to create the experience you desire.Overall, this is definitely my favourite simulator, and I now look at trucks and truck drivers from a whole new perspective."
76561198124824865,Recommended,227300,18659079,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,NewGuyGaming,"This game is pretty fun, and a great way to pass the time. The only part of the game I dislike is how often you are fined for accidently tapping vehicles, nudging too far past the stop light's line and when you go down hill while on cruise your speed increases and gets you a fine. Obviously its realistic when it comes to the speeding ticket issue but the other two are a pain at times. Other than that this game is definitely a 4/5 star. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,227300,18664310,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Baaatt,"Scarily addictive. If you like driving games, and games that have generally been designed and built by people who know how to avoid all the things people hate, then you'll like this. Much like a flight simulator, there's always something to monitor and keep tabs on. Surprisingly theraputic, too!"
76561198030892015,Recommended,227300,18656859,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Zamargan,It is a very good game with a steering wheel.I love earning and managing money in games and this game have this feature.
76561198083794651,Recommended,227300,18664788,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,lolicon the rule of the world,"Only basic single play can play this game.But when introducing MOD, the multi-play can be made the player's other ones.The player who doesn't prefer a fascinating place by this game to a silly person, a child and a dotterel, lace person and and all that.. is there going to be many guys you make laugh.road rage, idiots, kids, trols, bad drivers. racing drovers. etc.....ROFL"
76561198066019841,Recommended,227300,18700108,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,IONE,Truckers keep trucking ;)
,Recommended,227300,18700292,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Chuck Bartowski,YES YES YES SO MUCH YES HOLY BALL SACK YES THROW YOUR GOD DAMN MONEY AT THIS GAME
76561198217241279,Recommended,227300,18718958,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Attrachel,"Euro Truck Simulator. Where do I begin? I suppose I should first of all clarify that's it's not quite as boring as it sounds. However this is coming from one of those losers who stop at red lights on GTA..There's something weirdly satisfying about the concept of driving large amounts of cargo around for hours on end, if i'm honest the little blurb had me at ""dozens of cities to explore from the UK"", I squealed when I Googled it and spotted some cities I knew. Which on hindsight I realise is dumb. They weren't exactly gonna include places no ones heard of! And don't even get me started on how excited I felt when I saw you can deliver tomatoes! I LOVE TOMATOES! How did it know?!Something I would say is disappointing (but probably necessary) is the fact that it's not real time (I get that if you really had to spend 3 hours virtual driving from Southampton to Cardiff that'd be outrageously dull) and the places you stop off at look pretty much all the same..but that's not actually much of a problem for me because OH MY GOODNESS I'M SO AWFUL AT THIS GAME! I'm much too busy making sure I don't cause a horrific accident. Someone could get hurt! terrible, just terrible.I imagine the controls are a lot easier to get the hang on of you have an actual steering wheel setup, I don't even bother with the precise parking because every time I try, I manage to literally TANGLE my truck. Like, the trailer folds into itself and it makes hideous noises when I try and correct it. Saying that, i've only played it for about 2 hours so here's to hoping it's just down to not enough practice.Basically, this game is exactly how it sounds! And I especially recommend if you also love tomatoes."
76561198257065932,Recommended,227300,18717849,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Yudha De Feroz,hey?where i can find expension map or update this game?
,Recommended,227300,18717920,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Pappi Rabbi,"Best game to relax to, fun easy going, and the fact that you can go almost anywhere in west/central/northern EU is amazing!"
,Recommended,227300,18708411,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,文久 | kickback.com,Please add the Kamaz Truck!
76561198185830421,Recommended,227300,18708812,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,niall_higgins,"Driving is solid, content is solid, map size is solid, game overall is just solid. 11/10 truck solid.Also the DLC is how DLC is suppossed to be done, big add-ons for a reasonable price."
,Recommended,227300,18709048,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,lik dik,Looks good :D
76561198082660601,Recommended,227300,18705142,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,That's Embarrassing,This is a great game and I would recommend it to all friends.
,Recommended,227300,18723071,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,PepeFrog,"I was just looking at the screenshots for this game and was so impressed a small piece of poop accidentally left my butt.  I was thinking about buying this game, then I realized I already owned it, so I'm probably going to play this for a little bit today."
76561198245628878,Recommended,227300,30581721,Posted: 17 March,all,Turbro Clit,i sell trucknuts on the low hmu hmu
,Recommended,227300,10565639,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Reev Jax,One of the best games I have played in a long while. Drive trucks and build a shipping empire in the process.
,Recommended,227300,18706387,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,CO240,Living the truck driver dream. 10/10
76561198026635584,Recommended,227300,18709337,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Runo,"Well, it's a long, lonesome roadThrough the lifetime of a truckerBut me and my good ol' friend hereWe gonna make itIt's a long-haulin' roadAnd the load of life is heavyBut me an' this good ol' truckWe gonna take itThrough the wind an' rain an' thunder'Til the stormy skies are blueAn' the sunrise lights the highwayHeadin' homeC.W.McCall - Long Lonesome Road   ----->https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trn2dIfO6jg"
76561198047703941,Recommended,227300,18709405,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,paul25,top game even if u not a real trucker u wont be able to put it down
,Recommended,227300,23121903,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,NJOldersocks,"I am not particularly interested in Simulator games, and I haven't played one in 10 years. I got a sudden craving to, and I bought ETS 1 on sale, and I loved it. Lo and behold, ETS 2 goes on sale a week later, so of course I purchased it, and WOW. The difference is astonishing. Graphics, detail, variety, sounds, available jobs/missions, HUD (rearview mirrors, GPS, etc), and not to mention MUSIC. Yes this game has a radio that doesn't require you to manually put music into the game folder, but rather it streams music from the internet and there are a bunch of different stations to choose from. Plus, in this game, you can make your own company, have your own garage, hire drivers, and all that which is awesome. The driving and parking trailers in this game is more difficult than in the original, because it has more realistic physics, but that doesn't bother me much. It motivates me to get better. Anyway, BUY IT NOW while it's on sale for $9! Absolutely recommend.PS. Oh, and I can't forget to mention, the modding scene for this game is amazing."
,Recommended,227300,23121910,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,[NWA] Cheddar,modable i drove a gigantic chicken 12/10 for realism
,Recommended,227300,23128732,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,OpTic CripZ,Great for illegal immigrants
,Recommended,227300,23098490,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,for sale,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561197980881113,Not Recommended,227300,7856253,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,puppieshatecapitalism,"I came to this game expecting realistic towns, vast stretches of authentic highways, and some sort of depth to the simulation. Instead, the twos are about two roads by two roads big, the highways pretty much all look alike, and the driving is incredibly tedious and arcade-like. Want to just drive around and crash into oncoming traffic? There's nothing to stop you. Want to blow red lights? You'll get a teensy fine, but that's better than slowing down and prolonging the haul along the generic road to the next generic city.Anyhow, read the other reviews. I'm in the minority in not liking this game, so it very well could be that I'm missing something or not the intended audience."
,Recommended,227300,23057932,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Draslik,very good game
,Recommended,227300,23082627,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Vebbe,Driving around Europe is so fun! Especially if you own a steering wheel or even a controller. My arsenal of Volvo trucks are to be feared by any opposing firm :D
76561198289761011,Recommended,227300,23082430,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,EpikBhoy14,really good game if u like driving trucks and just driving and if u can  be paitent and drive the whole because it can get a little boring
,Recommended,227300,19829376,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,YunG ByrnE,Choons+Euro Truck Simulator 2=Bliss
,Recommended,227300,23495799,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Chainsaw The Hamster,"Great game, highly recommended. Looking forward to any new european expansions"
,Recommended,227300,23481175,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,MξξD223,"Good game, something more calming than day to day intense gamesWould highly recommend"
,Recommended,227300,16422102,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,IDGhost,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is something you'll never expect to become one of your favorite games of all time. It's just so relaxing, so rewarding. You can think of anything while you listen to music and drive into the sunset.This game makes me think about the meaning of life while listening to ""What is Love?"".Enough said..."
76561198305745500,Recommended,227300,23503068,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,tyoung797,"An amazing game with beautiful graphics when the graphics are turned to ultra although its perfection is not flawless the damage of a truck with one simple crash at 10mph can damage your truck up to 15%!       This is sort of unreasonable and a menu option titled ""Crash Intensity"" would be very much appreciated other than that, it is pretty much flawless!(P.S. The real european gas stations mod should have already been in the game from the start!)"
76561198061000429,Recommended,227300,23503121,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Omaras,"I can't explain why but, I absolutely love this game and dispite not having played it in a year or so I actually miss playing it.  There is something about being able to put on the radio an dlisten to music all over the world and deliver cargo in varying conditions.  I may play it again soon just to give my CDL skills a bit of nostalgia to my previous profession as a CDL Truck Driver..."
,Recommended,227300,23505923,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,- VixTar-| M616,Nicew game for chillout!
,Recommended,227300,23495377,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,4sidedtryangle,this game is my muh fukn life bro
76561198154712533,Recommended,227300,23495382,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Stryke,Makes my underwear drenched
76561198258100441,Recommended,227300,23489667,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Zen,Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a relaxing yet challenging game. The game offers an insight into the world of the life of Trucker that otherwise would be closed for the larger public. Euro Truck Simulator 2 offers hours of fun and entertainment for the trucking enthusiast.
,Recommended,227300,19882665,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Rohit,Amazing game to just sit back drive and relax. Beautiful scenery and even better with mods.
76561198059408521,Recommended,227300,23043144,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ),Legit
76561198088738881,Recommended,227300,18782284,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Janos Hunyadi,Ich liebe Euro Truck Simulator 2 spielen!
,Recommended,227300,18788033,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,FSJZ,A great game to tune down after a day at work or school. Turn on the radio or listen to podcasts while cruising down the highways and soaking in the beautiful European scenery along the way.
76561198016820427,Recommended,227300,18800069,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Big Ape,"Just got the game, but its rather relaxing to play.  You can turn on the in game radio and just chill as you cross Europe! Can't wait to learn more about the game and everything you can do. Also I can't wait til I can customize my trucks! :)"
76561198034024389,Recommended,227300,4215959,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,Swiftwind08,One of few times has a demo been more fun than most games are.
,Recommended,227300,18810759,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Cristi,Very nice game to play!! This games never boring you and it is relaxing game.
,Recommended,227300,18817773,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,cardriver102,"This is a incredibly great game. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes driving, simulation, and or trucking. A keyboard is great for starters, or anyone who doesn't have a wheel. But a wheel makes an amazing addition for anyone who wants it to be more realistic. But if you start to get bored, there's hundreds of mods to transform your game."
,Recommended,227300,12268180,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Second Biggest Boy (after nokk),Very good game. Hit the road!
,Recommended,227300,12269307,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,confushon,This game is like Crack to me I adore it.
,Recommended,227300,12271608,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,|WHIFFTASTIC| Hossdelux,"THIS GAME IS LIKE COCAINE... JUST ONE MORE, ♥♥♥♥ FATIGUE I GOT THIS.13 hours later...♥♥♥♥♥♥ I should've sleep. AHHHHHHH ♥♥♥♥ it.That is how this 140 hours have gone so far."
76561198078797595,Recommended,227300,12273566,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,BUSHTUCKER MAN,GOOD GRAPHICS FOR A SIMULATOR
76561198087929091,Recommended,227300,12283484,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,PatrickDolan250,This game is DA BOMB!!!! Over 120 hours of gameplay
,Recommended,227300,12289067,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Suq Madiq,I'm a licensed truck driver now!10/10
,Recommended,227300,12289643,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Idiocynical,I found the cure for Insomnia.
,Recommended,227300,12407045,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Renegade,"This is simply the best trucking simulator you can buy, and when you start adding some mods, oh boy! With the ever growing world of the game it's exciting to see where they'll take the game next. If this game is this good, I can't wait to see what the American version holds."
76561198141940067,Recommended,227300,12409930,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,jmktrainer807,Love it!!! 5 start
,Recommended,227300,12411515,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Apollo,"Very interesting.... bought on a steam sale for I believe 8 bucks and it was well worth the 8 dollars. Now that it is back to 25, I would recommend waiting for a steam sale again imo."
,Recommended,227300,12413062,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Sheep Wizard <3,s1k game 10/10 best simulator
,Recommended,227300,12415170,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Stuvon Joho,"I have no idea why this game is so addictive. On its face, it's just a driving simulation, and it takes some getting used to. Even with a joypad, sometimes controlling the truck is a difficult task (as it should be). You spend a lot of time driving across Europe hauling everything from explosives to potatoes. Sometimes you get the satisfaction of watching some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ passing you on the left getting into a head-on with a car coming from the opposite direction. But mostly you drive. And you drive. And you drive.I can't stop playing. Please send help."
,Recommended,227300,12416699,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,AngryDragon,Shockingly satisfying gameplay elements and an engaging career mode that will have you playing for hours. Best enjoyed with a steering wheel and pedals of some sort!
76561198073546772,Recommended,227300,12417493,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,warrenphes,"I really like this game, I like the graphics the physics like the way you have a trailer attached you slow down while going up a hill, the only thing I don't like about this game is the A.I, when you turn off the motorway and then left/right to go under the flyover/bridge the A.I stops for sometimes  3 minutes letting everyone else go, even when there is nothing there. I only see this problem there  never anywhere else, also the A.I trucks  literally fly round all the corners and the cars over take you when your going 40 when the speed limit is 40 ,:/ other than that a great game and definitely worth getting."
,Recommended,227300,14470320,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,leonardoMASSA554326.,Good game cuz u drive stuffsBest review
,Recommended,227300,12215509,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Ausura,"I dont know what it is about this game, but it is really addicting. i reccomend downloading the multiplayer mod. Nothing like importing your own songs (which you can) into the game and firing up the truck and drive from hamburg to sheffield. 10/10 from me. cant wait for the scandinavian dlc would be really fun driving in my hometown."
,Recommended,227300,14474854,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,adihonganji,"Maybe this game just a secondary for me, as it doesn't has a storyline or sort of. But, as for relaxing and wasting your time because you don't have friends to hang out with, or if you think that driving a truck with a big fat cargo attach is a simple task, you should give this game a try."
,Recommended,227300,14475032,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,tefat,So well made game.
,Recommended,227300,11720965,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,lumlums,love it!!!
,Recommended,227300,14477239,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Sberot,I love the game ;)
76561198029988991,Recommended,227300,14528183,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Fe-Botelho,Meu novo passatempo preferido!Os MOD´s auxiliam muito!!!Logo testarei o Mod MP.
,Recommended,227300,14531618,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,DragonLordIX,"Great game, The driving and the the whole map to explore, there is small things like getting a fine if your side lights are on in the rain where all the other cars have them on , but they are small things but the whole game is great.I would recommend this game to anyone that likes these types of games"
76561198179445057,Recommended,227300,14532287,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,raymond.roach,"this game is great, and i whould recomend it for every one ."
,Recommended,227300,12327943,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Dan,Good game
76561198137044028,Recommended,227300,14482199,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,....,Its Great
,Recommended,227300,13250297,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,robander1073,"This game is a really good simulation that is almost like real driving, its got some decent graphics and i recomend this game.10/10"
,Recommended,227300,2644357,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Bearded_Downunder,Best trucking game ever.
,Recommended,227300,14484642,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Prudda,Very good game I recomend this
,Recommended,227300,14540203,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Dino,Great Simulator
,Recommended,227300,14546509,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,RocketRebel,Great Game  even better when you Download the MultiPlayer Mod for it :)  .  just dont drive like a Turpin because the online admins will ban you.
,Recommended,227300,14547143,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,gferry22,good truck wow miles
76561198012988831,Recommended,227300,14558427,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Mooseknuckle [1upZ],"This game came out before all of the ""simulators"" caught on.  This game is great.  I have the High Powered (I think) and the Going East DLC.  I have had a great time with this game.  All you do is drive and deliver stuff.  Nice relaxing game you don't have to really worry about.  Pay attention to traffic laws though.  100% recommend!!"
76561198041749780,Recommended,227300,14562084,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,DoubleOMURFY,"The game I never knew i'd like.Among all the terrible simulator games out there, this one shines out like a diamond, and yet its such a simple idea.Your a truck driver who starts out with nothing but your drivers license and your own rundown-shack of a home garage, so to start earning money you work as a driver for hire with the employer supplying the truck, but soon enough you have the money to buy your own truck, unlock the free roam mode and start makeing your own deliveries. Later on you can improve your own delivere company and hire other drivers to work for you.The more you drive the more you level up and unlock more challengeing deliveries, like long distance, fragile, and urgent deliveries or be given more hazardous cargo to transfer like dynamite or diesel.Also, if your getting bored on the road the game has a built-in radio which plays live broadcasts from an available list of radio channels or you can add your own favorite radio channel from the internet. Theirs also an mp3 player so you can listen to your own tracks or your favorite podcasts.Mention must also go to the world map, which isnt to actual scale (because that would be quite a pain to drive through) but still is quite amazing in size and includes quite a few beutiful vistas.Sadly, the game also has a few problems. The AI of other vehicles tends to misbehave every now and then, causeing an unescapable road block at an exit from the highway or hitting my truck at an intersection when they werent supposed to be moveing, landing me a fine, ruining my perfect delivere and just plain frustraiting me. But i seem to have only met with these situations once up to now so there probably pretty rare.A few nit picks i have are the fact that you barely see any people on the street as you drive through the citys, you do see a few individuals on the street, but i doubt Paris is populated by about 5 people unless everyone else is either driving or at home watching TV.Also the option to control the camera while the game is paused would be nice, it would make it a lot easier to take screenshots.All things considered Euro Truck Simulator 2 is definetly a fun game and very much worth the asking price. d(^_^)b"
,Recommended,227300,14562592,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,LUCKY-F1FTEEN,in my mums truck vromm vroom
76561198034547108,Recommended,227300,4253778,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,KingAcorn85,"Good graphics, it is what it says. You literally drive trucks for hours. Eh. game: 8.5/10, fun 4/10."
,Recommended,227300,15575842,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,CapitalHitman38,"Superb game, with good graphics and gameplay"
,Recommended,227300,15482625,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Tallahassee,"Awesome, fun game."
,Recommended,227300,13936418,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,spencer179,it is a awsome game love it
,Recommended,227300,10347861,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,(N&W Truckers) Major_Dork (USA),I love this game I play it all the time I cant wait for American truck sim
,Recommended,227300,7012536,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Ausmy,European Truck Simulator 2 is an immersive Truck driving simulator based in Europe. It has provided hours of entertainment for me and will continue to provide said entertainment. The game never gets old and when it does there is a massive community of modders to liven it up again. I would highly recommend it.
,Recommended,227300,15521580,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,powerouts,Nice.
76561198064249441,Recommended,227300,6344517,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,nightman,bun
76561198107471129,Recommended,227300,15529744,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Steve_The_Thinker,The best relaxing game ever...Just riding the freeway ....listen to euro radio...
76561198043971033,Recommended,227300,15530632,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Upsetti And No Spaghetti,"Beginning at 1am I repeatedly got fined for not using parking lights, humiliated myself by not being able to park, got fined for driving on the wrong side of the road, skidded in the rain and got in an accident, and listened to a British radio station talk about shaving armpits and things from the 90's. 11/10 would be a dumb American again."
76561198127086689,Recommended,227300,15531708,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ZristGGa,"This game is the best simulator :D you can relax, you can discover, it teaches you geography xD, but most important u can drive so long till diesel runs out XD11/10 I love the game :)"
76561198082396309,Recommended,227300,15532449,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Lucky91 [NO],"I love this game!me and my friends also use the online mod, and have a lot of funn driving a kros europe in convois :)"
,Recommended,227300,15532752,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,rom5419_xeqtr,"Review is still incomplete, all I can tell you right now is that SCS Software attempted to combine a business management game AND a slow-paced driving simulator in one single package, and MAN (pun intended) they did an ultra-addictive success. With a properly-calibrated time/weather system, massive modding support, captivating and picturesque Alpine landscapes and extremely customisable and flexible gameplay, what is probably the only playable land transport simulator on Steam is still hindered by over-realistic crash-prone AI drivers and the ridiculously omniscient and omnipotent traffic fines system. Still, it's the only non-GTA driving game I know of that has the option to listen to iTunes and streaming radio while performing normally mundane tasks, such as hauling twenty tons of explosive alkali metals through reckless traffic in a freakstorm over a thousand kilometres of both LHD and RHD autobahns. While drunk. 8.8/10 would drive drunk again.EDIT: This game is extremely tedious and consists of mainly grinding for several hours to earn meager profits that can barely cover your maintenance costs and traffic fines. Do not buy if you're not willing to spend multiple hours per day for something pointless."
76561198019076790,Recommended,227300,15672892,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,[mLk]haztee,Played too long at night. Fell asleep somewhere between Linz and Dresden. Truck totalled. Would fall asleep again. 10/10.
76561198225960256,Recommended,227300,15673359,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,jollygiraffecrafts,fab
,Recommended,227300,15674911,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Alan Partridge,GR8 B8 M8. I R8 8/8!
,Recommended,227300,15675647,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,brettday2002,"Awesome game for the price, enhanced further with use of a wheel and gear shifter such as the G27. Physics are top notch, graphics are great, missions are varied, however they do become a little repetitive. Tons of DLC, mods and other things to downbload, and the community is awesome. Choose to follow the rules of the road or not, build your business, explore Europe all from the comfort of your chair. If you are a driving sim fan then you simply should not miss out on this game,"
76561198008747609,Recommended,227300,15675750,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ELLI,++
76561197962830768,Recommended,227300,15676621,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Toman,"One of the greatest simulator I ever have played. Many options for wheel, controller and keyboard mouse options. Fully customisable. This game gives me more and more everytime I play this gem! The sounds, the grip, the visuals, the amount of content is breathtaking.Start your virtual trucker career in this awesome game."
,Recommended,227300,23937130,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,[U.R.S.S.]Caiopixel,*Forgot to turn on headlights at tunnel**Turned on after 5 secs**Gets ticket for not turning on headlights after 5 seconds in tunnel**Wonders if there are invisible traffic radars in Europe**Remembers that forgot to pause game while wondering**Notices that just lost over £30000 for stupid drivers who hit my truck*10/10 would forget to turn headlights on again
76561198098518322,Recommended,227300,23937291,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Boofhead999,Need a beefy computer
76561198081466770,Recommended,227300,23996784,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sir X io,Maybe the best driving sim on the market. :)
,Recommended,227300,23974993,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Varia Heimt,"This is a game which is, generally speaking, very relaxing. Get a mission, turn on the in-game radio, and just ride around Europe for hours. While driving in cities can be frustrating, you really couldn't expect anything less from ya know. Driving. If you get bored easily or by not very much happening, this isn't the game for you, though."
,Recommended,227300,23975255,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,jjay109,GREAT!All you have to do play some songs on youtube/spotify make a playlist of songs. or whatever you use to listen to music or a long EBook And play this game then you'll be okay everything but the game will fade away.........Unless your very bad at driving.
,Recommended,227300,23985235,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Chanandler Bong,"Get Ready for a world full of Professional Truckers !!The best truck simulator ever !! Buy your own truck, Work for a company, Get a good repetition, Become rich, Start your own company, Hire truckers and Become the King of your own company !Discover Places, Search for new Company base and Have more than one office !Its a very great game, When you play it with the wheel it becomes very very smooth.All the physics are professionally created.This game isn't expensive and if it was, it totally worth it !Give it a try and you will never lose anything !!"
76561198215575493,Recommended,227300,23987196,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,From 0 2HERO,Amazing !
,Recommended,227300,23986597,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,megamulcher77,"Great game, good graphics, good physicsalso very hardup to you"
76561198047522994,Recommended,227300,23988247,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,immortaljacko,"I'm not exactly sure why but I am really enjoying this game more than I feel i should have. Beats having to drive in real life, though I can't back up a trailer to save my life."
76561198369280074,Recommended,227300,30449758,Posted: 11 March,all,aaron1992reed,this game is good but for it to be great id would recommend more realistic features
,Recommended,227300,7740854,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,« +1 »,Good game for enjoing your free time
,Recommended,227300,7347046,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Nate Wardawg,"I'm not sure why I can't put this game down, but it's a lot of fun and very addicting :)"
,Recommended,227300,7537355,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Padraig,Lots of content (Even more now with the Going East DLC). Mod Support. Amazing fun. Well worth the money.
,Recommended,227300,4053735,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Pur3Bolt,Drive a truck around Europe and hope you make it to the destination before 10 million AI cars crash into you and the police fines you for their stupidityGame is repetitive so you have to put that into consideration8/10
,Recommended,227300,7742111,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kurp ♥,"Wroom wroom! Great game to sit back, chill, and drive around Europe. There's different jobs, managing your company, and making mad cash. Fun even with the simple settings, but you can go very far in simulation. Wake the trucker inside you."
,Recommended,227300,7443098,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,feels,"Sabe aquele jogo perfeito para quando tem aquele dia de chuva, ou quando caiu a internet? Aquele jogo para quando voce quer relaxar e apenas sentir o vento passando por voce? Pois é, não há melhor que este. Simulador de truck íncrivel, sem dúvida a melhor escolha pela SCS Software. Vai na fé :D"
,Recommended,227300,2975130,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Dragnerok_X,"The really real driving simulator. Surprisingly intelligent ai traffic, gorgeous scenery and highly detailed instruments, weather effects and simulation make this the most convincing driving simulator since, well, actual driving. Relaxing, immersive and remarkably fun. Seat belt not included."
,Recommended,227300,7743352,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,IT'S DA POLEECE,"I could sit here and tell you how much I IRONICALLY love this game, but it's actually a fun game.  Get it and go drive some trucks because whether you want to play serious or just completely mess up hilariously it's a blast."
76561198272275910,Recommended,227300,30449314,Posted: 11 March,all,leax3x,my game has not updated yet to 1.27
76561198298138859,Recommended,227300,30449348,Posted: 11 March,all,CallMeKevin,"I enjoy driving the trucks across Europe listening to BBC 4 news radio. Great fun, very relaxing. Id recommend to anyone who has some level of petrol head enthusiast in their blood."
76561198054210584,Recommended,227300,14869588,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Nummy,"Yes this game is real meditation. I remember first versions of truck simulations, which were more arcade and much less fun. But this? When I'm tired and have full of everything over the day, I get behind the wheel, turn on the good music and just drive and drive and drive,..."
76561198103046477,Recommended,227300,14872143,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,BOSNIA,Best simulator ever!10710
,Recommended,227300,14936600,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,SMASHBY,This game gives me such joy.To be able to make an army or empire of trucks to parade across the roads and motorways of europe makes you feel like the most successful business man/truck driver in the whole world. I strongly recommend this game to anyone with a passion for driving and the ability to stay on track.
,Recommended,227300,9625927,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,N3,"The greatest simulator ever! Mind blowing! I was like crazy the first time I saw this! So many features, so many different areas to explore. Extreme reality! I have been playing SCS Software games for a long time, but this is what you'd call revolution! It's epic. Atleast gotta try once! It's worth it!"
,Recommended,227300,14940444,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Ranger,Excellent sim.  A good balance of running the business without having to give up driving to do it and being able to drive around Europe and the UK.  Handles controllers including wheels properly.  A lot of fun.
76561198183638177,Recommended,227300,14968215,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,mcfry2004,how do you download mods
76561198186040738,Recommended,227300,14970043,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,shanna25,this game is awsome az a must have if you love driving trucks
,Recommended,227300,14971061,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Lazar,Good Game giving this game 10/10 =]
,Recommended,227300,14889615,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,GrrrDinosawr,"Iflipped my truck 17 times in 1 hour, Definetly worth £14.99"
,Recommended,227300,14889797,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Akar,"Drive. Trucks. Around. Europe. 'nuff said.-------------------------------------------But in all seriousness, this game is epic, the feeling of driving around on the open highway to get jobs done, buying your own truck; the experience is amazing. I love the gameplay and graphics, they are very well done, and there is so much to customize in-game. Overall, 10/10 would get 10K euros in debt again. :)"
76561198078995679,Recommended,227300,8147703,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,nickwatson666,The most amazing game I've ever played!
,Recommended,227300,8148304,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,KOZ PLATINUM,"It's really quite strange.You'd think Euro Truck Simulator would be some kind of gargantuan♥♥♥♥♥♥take. A game where you simply drive at sensible speeds in an unwieldy vehicle from one town to another freighting apples and pencils and other sundry? Who would want to play this?And yet... It is fun. It's fun. Somehow. It's fun trying to stay under the limit, it's fun simply driving for an hour or two, trying to make your delivery on time. It's fun driving at night with the driving rain with the in-game radio cranked. It just *is*.Beyond the driving bits there's a strategic business simulator buried in here as well. Once you have enough money to purchase your own truck, you can take more profitable jobs. And once you can afford a few extra trucks you can hire drivers to run freight for you and run your own trucking business. You can visit dealerships across Europe to get the best deals.So yes. Despite every gamer instinct screaming ""run away,"" Euro Truck Simulator 2 is fun. It's a good time."
,Recommended,227300,8149229,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,TehBastage,"Got these 18 wheels a-rollin, until the break of dawn.  Yeah, I'm drivin' a truck with my high heels on."
76561198007275220,Recommended,227300,2433509,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,Nashbashem,Who doesn't enjoy being a trucker?
,Recommended,227300,8150389,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Rusty Bustum,I find this game relaxing...
76561198044981127,Recommended,227300,5094442,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,LosT_ArC_XVIII,Truckin'!!!
,Recommended,227300,8153672,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Baby_Sphee,great game !!!
76561197970776646,Recommended,227300,8154752,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,BigAustin,"great fun,  waiting in a cue of traffic then the coach in front gets ploughed into by another coach who came straight out of a junction :)now wheres my `yorkie`......other chocolate bars are available ;)"
76561198049466635,Recommended,227300,8133918,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,psiycomantis88,well to start off.this game does take a large ammount of paitence and dedication. but if simulation games are your thing then i highly recommend this game. there is alot of reward and upgradability to happen in game. easily accepts mods and has an online community.some small things that get annoying. mainly that all the game comes with is cabover trucks. it would be nice to have some longer nosed trucks that are scs software made. mods are unpredictable
,Recommended,227300,8136620,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,A Spooky Ghost,Best streaming radio visualiser ever created
,Recommended,227300,8138061,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Camper,If your into Trucks / Truck games you will like this.
,Recommended,227300,8139756,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Amg,I LIKE THISE GAME : 0
,Recommended,227300,8365856,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Waingro,Very addictive and fub!
76561198032784487,Recommended,227300,8347240,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,zeosnip,Pros: Excellent graphics and rendering of the various trucks. Huge truck customization options.Cons: The highest paying jobs are generally the same so it gets quite repetitive. There is a best truck so while you have a lot of options there's only 1 or 2 viable ones.Still fun and worth the buy... on sale or if you really love trucks and sims
76561197981779605,Recommended,227300,911115,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Seahawk,"Ok, I took a chance on the Euro Truck Simulator, and I have to say... YES!  I do like it after all.  I'm thinking it was just the demo that had screwed up traffic.  So I give Euro Truck Simulator the 'Thumbs Up!'"
,Recommended,227300,8264999,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,.      zxC*,Good Sim
,Recommended,227300,8287222,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Sleepy Will,"Surprising fun, great to put on some music or have in windowed mode and play while watching TV."
,Recommended,227300,8290675,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Pladimir Vutin,"Interestingly enough, this game is really quite fun. The ability to turn on the radio and just cruise down the highway, while trying not to demolish traffic and be a ""good"" driver is quite exhilirating. Driving in the rain at night with the radio on is one of my favorite things to do in-game because they do it right."
,Recommended,227300,8293144,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Reyizov,I highly recommend this game for the fans of this great truck simulation franchise. A must buy!
,Recommended,227300,8294252,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,kmscmt,yes
,Recommended,227300,1257321,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Senior_Diablo,fun
,Recommended,227300,8310519,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,-NAK-,AMAZING SIMULATOR. NICE TRAKK :D
,Recommended,227300,8301875,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,run boi run,"A surprisingly fun game. It's a fun and realistic game all around, with only a few problems. The main one is the stupidity of the AI, but this will be fixed in the coming update. Another thing which annoys me personally is the inaccuracy of junctions, which are nothing like they are in real life, but otherwise the roads are very realistic. At the moment, the game is also incompatible with Intel cards on Linux, which is kind of annoying.Throughout the UK and other countries you can see landmarks which are the same as in real life and for example, the ratio of motorways to smaller roads in Poland feels accurate. Cities also feel realistic, with some real life features being added to give a specific feel to every city. For example, you can see the local city hall in the background as you drive through Olsztyn.With the Going East! DLC installed, there's a wide variety of places you can go. There's also a variety of mods which add more features to the game if you get bored.It's clear that there are more features the developer can add to the game in the future (it is frequently updated), but it doesn't feel repetetive."
,Recommended,227300,7691303,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Amorbis,"With a proper wheel setup this becomes one of the most addicting games imaginable, especially when you start to get your own trucking empire going."
,Recommended,227300,8302173,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,kutaap4,AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,227300,8302959,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,jammeroo,"game is deep, a lot deeper than just driving a truck. lots of cool little features here and there that add to the realism."
76561197987766320,Recommended,227300,8304218,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,FUSER,good game
,Recommended,227300,8304267,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,JD,A fun and chill game to relax with on a stormy day :)
,Recommended,227300,8304356,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nard,this game is just a beast!
76561198008838259,Recommended,227300,8305684,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Technor,"A highly engaging game with excellent graphics, truck physics, models and drives.  I have driven over 45000 KMs in the game since purchase and highly recommend this to everyone.The truck models are a delight and there are so many of them to choose from. The roads, highways, bridges, mountain passes are all beautifully rendered.  The game is all about driving on these.The only downside is that the cities are standard across the maps and have very little in them except for 2-3 roads with few warehouses, truck dealer, recruitment agency and a Garage."
,Recommended,227300,8047713,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Kryzis,"Ultimately, I found this game to be surprisingly enjoyable. My only real gripe is the AI for the cars and other trucks. They take an unnecessarily long time to do anything. Playing this with a Track IR is HIGHLY recommended. Using a game controller or steering wheel may also improve your experience."
76561198027110713,Recommended,227300,8306853,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,miaunescu,"Incredible and relaxing simulator game. Just take your truck, select your favourite radio, take a load and travel in Europe."
,Recommended,227300,4667931,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,Pierre Poutine,"I didn't expect much out of it, but it's hella good."
,Recommended,227300,8022118,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Shootingkoala,There ain't any realism missing in this awesome game.
76561198111992000,Recommended,227300,8025193,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,kanluxm,"Is very nice. Love it. very relaxing game.the Trucks are Awesome.I will like to drive in USA.  Shout America.my pc is and Asus i7, Nvidia 750M,  multimedia laptop.Thanks SCS Software. waiting for futures DLC."
76561198103905802,Recommended,227300,11271771,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,BigHEMI,this game is fantastic! can not recomend a game enough...... this game i saw euro truck sim.. and i doubted it oh plz  when you hop in you first truck and start driving all of it changes
,Recommended,227300,11767653,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Coolicer,"The game provides an experience of driving a truck on the condenced version of european highways and cities delivering various cargo, with the bonus ""mini-game"" conclusion of actually parking the said cargo.Very comfortable game to play if in the possession of a steering wheel. While the game is playable with a keyboard or a controller, the immersion of driving a truck is completely non-existant. The graphics, while decent, are nothing special with the exception of the actual trucks and their respective cockpits."
76561198011970746,Recommended,227300,11768605,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Kate,"This is a great game, i initially got it because of a discount, and i never thought i would get so hooked up, but i lost many hours just driving across Europe and listening my favourite music.... Even tho this is a SIMULATOR, it can be tweaked to be played more casual and i mostly play this to relax, and i finally own a top-of-the line MAN v8 truck. If u want a hardcore simulator, if you like trucks, or if you just want a relaxing game, this is it!"
76561197990998102,Recommended,227300,11749560,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Gabe12,"Great game for simulation games. Graphics and gameplay still are great, the scenery is beautiful. Plus with additional updates with extended maps, - and thanks to the independent modders - I will be playing this game for years.Maybe the cops are missing, but not essential. But this game is by far the best truck simulator I've ever played.This is for those who like to drive, simply drive. The truck thing is just a theme to carry a pleasant real-life driving simulation inside. One of the most relaxing games ever played.Have some deficiencies too: there's no visual representation of truck's damage, cities are laughably small, stupidly expensive fines and awful traffic with mindless jams.Maybe in the future..."
,Recommended,227300,11757553,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,RebelBubba,Excellent driving simulator and has a great community and plenty o mods.
76561198095373273,Recommended,227300,11760478,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Nekogod,one of my favorite sims i love the senic veiws
,Recommended,227300,11668970,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Tedxdigs,Euro Truck Simulator II is an amazing way to kill time if you have nothing better to do. Hook up your friendly neighborhood racing wheel and go for a nice relaxing drive.Gr8 m8. I r8 8 of 8.
,Recommended,227300,11682128,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Raphillion,"After driving an impressive 98'000km in game. Being a veteran trucker adds more fun to the game as you begin to understand the fundementals of it all and you become a better player at completing missions and getting out of tricky situations.The only bad point that needs mentioning: I have found myself, more than once, stuck at a highway intersection (Under a bridge) with nowhere to go due to traffic lodged up from all directions and not being able to move at all. I had to carefully squeeze between the vehicles and the hill, knocking over a roadsign, just to get out of there. The only problem was that I had to do a U-Turn on a tight road, with a long trailer, to be able to get on the correct on-ramp and that caused some damage to the truck and trailer.Other that that, everything feels real. You feel the difference when you're without a trailer and when you're with trailers of different types and wheight causing different driving techniques. Some trailers allow aggresive driving while others don't. You even have the option to hire drivers that bring you extra income while they drive missions for your ever expanding business.In short, it's a great game for anybody who loves driving and loves a good simulation. Missions of all types allow you to do a short mission if you don't have plenty time or save in the middle of a long mission and come back to it at a later stage. The autosave function also comes in handy in case there's suddenly a power cut. True story XD"
76561198093898468,Recommended,227300,11687566,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,keay96,Why isnt this game working on my Mac?
76561198125879655,Recommended,227300,11680803,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,STZ28,This game is the uttermost king of simulation games. From graphics to gameplay it just rocks. SCS Software does an amazing job and I can't wait for American Truck Simulator.
76561197974256119,Recommended,227300,11741481,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Arkade Kalamity,I got a ticket for speeding and not having my lights on. 10/10
,Recommended,227300,11742136,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,mjsheppard99,"This has got to be the best trucking game out, the graphics are really cool and realistic as well as the great driving phisics. If you like playing games with mods then you will like this game, there are a wide range of mods out there including money hack, trucks, maps ect... although i prefer playing in as it is as i dont think it needs mods after the vast improvements that have been made during the 1.11 and 1.12 updates. also keep your eyes out for American truck simulator which shall be coming out soon!"
,Recommended,227300,7333932,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Madkins,"It is surprisingly fun to play, drive semi trucks all through Europe and build your freight empire!"
76561198135200949,Recommended,227300,15232084,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,GrizzlyV2,This is a great game. The map is vast the trucks look great and the game runs great. I have played this for 3 days so far my only problem is I dont know how to play online but I will find out soon but trust me you wont be dis-pleased with this purchase
,Recommended,227300,15232604,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Cambodian Stripper,"SCS genuinely put alot of effort in this game, and it payed off. It is worth every penny!"
76561198052889727,Recommended,227300,15459938,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,rotcboyd,This is the best Trucking game I've ever played. They got the the paint jobs for different countries they should make the game have the same amount of locations and countries playable. The realality of the game is amazing.
,Recommended,227300,15465438,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,SophiaGrace,"Okay, so by no means is this game an exciting driving or racing game BUT... It is surprisingy addicting. It has decent graphics and is just enjoyable. Just give it a chance..."
,Recommended,227300,15340511,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,lostness,"Great gameplay (if you don't mind longish, challenging drivers were you have to balance speed, percision, and the sometimes dodging of other vehicles), and good graphics, and an excellent community of mod'ers from whom you can add almost any feature you want to the game, from more realistic physics to American style trucks to different cargos to economy modifiers where you are either paid more, or less, per load, and even maps for different parts of the world.Some things I would like to see, though:1)Fine modifier: Fines increase each tme you get one (except when the car hits you. Why do I get fined when the car switches into my lane and hits my truck???). Also, a time penalty for accidents.2)Truck modifications and maintenance that take time. Instantaneous engine change, or repairs? I don't think so. Maybe a hire mechanics thing for the garages as well--a few extra staff to pay, but who's skill and number can decrease the amount of time maintenance takes when repairing/maintaining a truck that returns to the garage (not just your personal vehicle, but those of your company drivers as well).3) Your own trailer--and the need to back up to a loading bay and wait for the cargo to unload.4) Team drivers: two to a truck.Lots more I would love to see.Game runs fairly well on my single core 3.3GHz PC with 1GB video and 2GB Ram on mostly medium and low settings (actually runs better on that than on my 3GHZDual Core Linux with 1GB video card and 4GB Ram)"
76561198103353069,Recommended,227300,15341140,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,acount14675,"WARNING -ThiS gAME is VERY VERY VERY FUN! , also very addictive. YOU Do Not Need A Stron Computer To RuN tHIS bEcUase I HaVe A 1.4GHZ Proccersor and a 4gb hardrive .. it is a notebook and it runs beutifuly .. the framerate may hiccup    sometimes. I love the feeling when your in the drivers seat in 1st p an you hear the engine rumbiling (sounds just like a real truck) . Also when i arrived my companys place i had to wait for a gap  in traffic.. you can also explore europefind things and stuff. You have  navman thingy and you get emails from people and stuff. Go thorugh red lights -422 buc fine hit another car 400 fine . wrong lane 500 fine speeding 435 fine and many more fines.. Going to fast aroung a corner - tuck tips over. You can go to tuck stops and sleep its really fun .. and go to petrol station.. Grahpics are great .. This Game Is Totaly Worht The $23.00. No Money Wasted Here.. I also created a steam group for this game named Euro Goodies jst send me request and ill inivte ya .. I rate this game 10/10. VERY ADDICTIVE.. By Euro Goodies' Lego Company Truck"
,Recommended,227300,15352542,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,奈皇后,"Best game,10/10"
,Recommended,227300,15356328,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,IAKOV,At first glance you might think that this game has nothing else to offer except from many hours of driving. This might be true however ETS2 has something more. It simulates the feelingins and the relaxation from long rides with your car. Unlike other games you dont need to have the same level of  concentration which makes this game extremely relaxing. This combined with the game's low price makes it a good choise!
76561198131989691,Recommended,227300,15190393,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,grim.kid28,"I dont understand why people talk bad about this game. ""oh its boring and stupid, blah blah"", no its not boring at all and its  very interesting and fun. this game has A LOT of good things going for it, and has many things i love. i can drive basically anywhere i choose (although becareful, i tried ""beating traffic"" going 90+ on the shoulder and lost control, long story short, very expensive lmaooo) i make money which i can fix my truck and customize with, then eventually start a huge business. its an awesome game. if u like driving, making money, running a business, or customizing cars (in this case a truck lol), give this game a try. its worth it"
76561198092974134,Recommended,227300,15196318,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Razorbaz01,amazing game
76561198014258560,Recommended,227300,15235110,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Privsterz,Love driving trucks across the world / especially the♥♥♥♥♥♥pit side of the driving.  (:Great game!
,Recommended,227300,15236809,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,filaSAD,Pretty good. Like the customisation by mods.
76561198011365944,Recommended,227300,15236927,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ERROR,Played it for a little while.20/10 will be a trucker.
76561198047950624,Recommended,227300,10685958,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Adam9530,"Great fun, Hard to get bored of. But try not to play while you're tired, you might crash :)"
,Recommended,227300,11702714,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,HALLO MA FRENDS,GOOD SIMULATOR!
76561198126572811,Recommended,227300,11485779,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,grkadams,awsome game
,Recommended,227300,11552097,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,NerdyBrit,Another dirty little pleasure thats addictive but you dont know why!
,Recommended,227300,11555730,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Iced,"Stellar game, if you enjoy simulators this one takes the throne. Build your trucking empire from the ground up and explore Europe as a truck driver, enjoying the finest and most powerful trucks Europe has to offer. And if this would ever eventually draw you to boredom, the vast modding communting might have something for you.10/10 would truck again"
,Recommended,227300,11555744,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Rayne,Surprisingly relaxing and fun experience.  Best played with a gaming wheel.
,Recommended,227300,11556213,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,LineGrid,"Well, let me just say this game isn't for everyone. If you like a casual calm type of game, this one is for you. Some people may find it repetitive, others might find it pretty fun. Personally, I like just relaxing and driving the old truck around Europe."
76561198070720131,Recommended,227300,10741995,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SwayzeGTV,"Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a very good game I have not played it much but it dose not get old and its a great game and it was a greenlift game what was weird it so good the and the teaxtures are great it looks like frostbite engeine euro Truck simulator 2 I got it for 7,99 for the hole pack on steam summer sale its best to get it then Truck Simulator 2 is not a to die for game like Battlefield 4 or some thing but I give it a 5/10"
,Recommended,227300,11561854,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,triggered man,This is the best simulator out there. If you are a fan of simulators and just a fan of driving you most likely enjoy this game.The Graphics are astounding especially when the scaling is on 400%.When you start to play the game it is a bit slow just doing short quick jobs but then you take out a loan and the game becomes absolutely fantastic and you get drivers working for you and you begin to rake in the dough.The mods you can get improve the game greatly and since the latest update I have really fallen in love with this game.
,Recommended,227300,11563174,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Schguna,Great game!! 5/5 stars!
,Recommended,227300,11546069,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Jopex,"Great real life simulator, i would highly recomend it for any audience. This game is realy realistic i think the price is good for how much game you get and after aplying a graphics mod the graphics also look highly realistic GET THIS GAME!!"
,Recommended,227300,11546524,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Lelapa,"Besides the times you crash when you turn your camera and forget to turn it back facing the front and you ram into the gaurd raill, this game is very fun for some reason. Now especially with multiplayer it is very fun to jump in a convoy and head out with other real players. This game is again supprisingly fun for such a simple idea."
76561198131251472,Recommended,227300,11548195,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Daniel2000,amazing game
76561198030754018,Recommended,227300,11548628,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Road Pirate,"This game is exceptional. The fit and finish is very well done, it's updated regularly, and the mod community is very active.First things first, you must have at least a baseline interest in trucks. You will spend countless hours in this game, driving a truck, as the title says. The game is great, but not great enough to fabricate interest in this subject out of thin air. The map is detailed, varied, and very large. It's not 1:1 scale but its big none the less. Taking a job from Budapest to anywhere in the UK takes a probably around 2 real world hours. The map varies and I see new things all the time, more so if my route takes me off the highways. The highways can be a drag and if you do an entire job on one it can get mundane. Its when you take two lanes and snake though the back country is when its really interesting.A lot of my friends ask me, ""Where does the fun and enjoyment in this game come from?"" Well, its the ability to do something successfully, that is fairly difficult. There are numerous options in the game that you can adjust to make it easier, like automatic engine braking, automatic transmission retarder, braking intensity, a trailer stability slider, driver fatigue, etc etc. The real magic is when you turn all of these off or to a realistic setting and you can successfully complete a difficult job. It's quite easy to fail at this game. One ignorant traffic driver merges unexpectedly and you can easily damage your cargo which takes a huge penalty from your pay. You have to plan your moves, a few miles down the road.You do have a leveling system. Certain cargos have a fragile requirement, a just-in-time delivery requirement, and a heavy cargo requirement. Additionally, certain cargos are HAZMAT and require a specific license, and finally, there is an eco driving stat you can level up too. Every time you rank up you get a point to spend in one of these categories. Jobs with one of these cargo requirements are locked from you until you spend one point and unlock it initially. You can ultimately get six different HAZMAT licenses, and for the other categories you increase either the weight, fragility, or strict delivery requirement of the cargos available to you by leveling them up. I would like to see an actual license test similar to how Gran Turismo hands out licenses. Maybe in a future update/game.There is a slight tycoon aspect but it is very short lived. You start out in the small, run down garage that just accomodates you. After you travel to some new cities you will ""discover"" (unlock) some recruitment agencies. You get some money, take out some loans, buy a bigger garage, and some other trucks, then you can hire these drivers to drive for you. They get a cut of course, but it's still money coming in. The only downside to this is that there is no competition. Drivers do leave you for better trucks/pay elsewhere and there isn't any motivation to even do any of that other than just more money. Hopefully they flesh this aspect out some in the upcoming American Truck Simulator.This game paired with TrackIR and a good racing wheel and pedals can provide literally hours of enjoyment. It's a game I play often when I need to relax.9/10"
76561198073241583,Recommended,227300,11549752,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Petri Mantineli,Very good game. I love it. With this game you can relax and listen some your favourites radio
,Recommended,227300,11587172,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,planins,"To this date I am still not sure what exactly do I like about this game... but I love it nonetheless! It is one of the most realxing games I have ever played and it is a great pleasure to just drive your truck listening to music... The developers are doing a great job at supporting the game, it recieves updates monthly. It is overall a great deal and I would recommend it to everyone, who is even the slightest bit, interested in trucks and simulation games!"
,Recommended,227300,11588858,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Rahail,Love ETS2!
,Recommended,227300,11590832,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,TheRavengirl,"The ONLY thing that can improve this game for me is for someone to buy me a Logitech G27 Steering Wheel with pedals, then I will be 110% happy! :DThis is the simulator of simulators! If you like driving sims then this is the daddy. Awesome!There is nothing like picking up a load with a truck you have purchased yourself (on the game I mean!) and driving across europe while streaming internet radio through the cab radio controls to help you along your journey. Fantastic!Addons are available for this game too. I personally use 'Oversize Loads' amongst others. But beware, with future updates addons can break your save game. So watch out for that!My advice. BUY THIS NOW!!"
,Recommended,227300,9961930,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Scarecrown,"I found it to be a little boring. But in true, there is nothing like tunning in a country radio, getting a freight, and running through the highways out there. A real good game for those who likes driving and trucks. Updates are frequently coming and the game gets constantly better. It has good customization settings.Recommended.8/10"
76561197996079323,Recommended,227300,11594198,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,7 of Moo,"What SCS has done with this game is truly amazing! Used to operate heavy equipment for a living and thought I'd give this truck sim a shot and see how I like it, the rest is history. This is one of the best driving sims out there and to be able to make the ""Big Rigs"" behave like they do in real life is a feat in itself. Everthing in the game runs fairly seamless and other than the odd hiccup in framerate, it all runs very well on my Asus G74SX laptop. I have 140 hours or so into this game and it still has my full attention (my wife feels abondoned). I find it very relaxing to play and at the same time you start out driving for someone else and then you buy your first truck and before you know it, you have your first shop and it just keeps on going. The scenery and roads are awesome and being able to wheel a rig around the Cities/Towns and  Highways of Europe is spectacular!! Recommend this to everyone out there, try the demo out first to get a 'feel' for the game-you won't be disappointed. I'm using a Logitec F310 gamepad and it works just great in conjunction withe the keyboard and mouse.... 10/10 from me and SCS is still working on a new update and hopefully multiplayer too!!!"
,Recommended,227300,15969881,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Zintix,I couldn't find a strip joint anyway ... I'm only 90% trucker as a result
,Recommended,227300,15970050,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Badger,OK Game
,Recommended,227300,15971043,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Lowfatlogan csgogem.com,"This game is so fun. The scenary in spots is amazing. This game goes perfect with a multiplayer mod that was created for it. This has such a giangt way of customization when it comes to trucks, loads and even garages and your company! This was so worth the money!"
76561198146225512,Recommended,227300,15971556,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,xx_alex_xx,awesome truckin' game!
,Recommended,227300,15973476,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Goswim156,It is a great game and it helps me relax
76561198126471911,Recommended,227300,15974727,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,John Snow,great game getting the new scan dlc soon will get the new paint jobs too
76561198228293452,Recommended,227300,16109361,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,GamingLife,Its a good game for playing alone and playing it with your friends. But if u playing it alone it could get boring and its good not that many people play it but still its really fun and cheap game to play. i will still recommaend the game to have some more exciting stuff so it could be more fun to play.
76561197996763102,Recommended,227300,16109830,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,CapnTibbz,"This game's great, what solidified it as being a true badass simulator for me was, I bought a new Mercedes Benz Actros. I was looking at the instrument cluster and noticed two gauges. I knew one was the fuel level, I had no idea what the other was. So I had to look up the owners manual for the Actros and I found out it was the gauge for the AdBlue diesel fuel additive. So yeah, a game where I turned to an actual owners manual to answer an in-game question solidifies the realism for me."
