user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198041668213,Recommended,227400,10511572,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,xandarr2000,"I have not always considered myself a carebear.  I cut my teeth like a lot of people on games like Ultima Online, which will always hold a special place in my heart.  The constant danger from both the environment and other players made life precious and your actions have weight.  A simple trip to go mine ore could often become a danger filled epic as you struggle against both PK's, Enemies of your clan and even your own personal nemesis from time to time.  Along came Everquest a few years after UO to instead focus in on working with your community members rather then fighting them.  While nothing works 100%, players gradually stopped killing each other in favor of deeper loots.  Still something was lost to us UO fans.  Danger was no longer quite as ""Real""  Since then I have treadmilled through im sure just about every major AAA MMO release trying to find a home to bring back that excitement, I had always steered clear of DF because frankly I was pretty sure I would get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me.  I was right! About 2 weeks ago though, I decided why not give it a try.  After all, at one point I use to handle myself and I did still PvP in games like WoW for instance.  I am no coward, in real life having retired from military service and some real life experiences that would make half these hardcore gamers wet themselves in fear.  I could handle this.  Boy was I about to be suprised. (in a good way)Okay, so anyone who has played Darkfall Online:Unholy Wars, or its original incarnation knows one thing about it.  It is a very unforgiving, political, no handholding environment.  You start off in the newbie area related to your race (which sadly has been turned into humanesque models for hit box purposes) choice is by far as close to a handholding experience as you will get.  A very almost subtle tutorial (very reminiciscent in feel to EVE Online's Turtorial) will guide you through the basic ways to gain prowess in the game, which is accomplished by completing certain feats within the game (think achievements for all you console junkies out there)  The thing I love is, right off the bat with very little effort you can build yourself up well enough to create just about anything you initially need.  Virtually everything you do gives you prowess so just playing the game and setting out on planned adventures can help you get to certain goals.  There are no levels in Darkfall, you literally just  build the character you want through the skill and power choices you make.  The only skill you really have to grind at are the crafting skills which to be honest are just like any other crafting skill in other titles, its all about harvesting the resources and creating objects.  A salvage system lets you take even the loot you get off creatures and turn into something useable.So my first few days in Darkfall were pretty uneventful.  The global chat is filled with the usual batch of idiots with nothing to say, and the smattering actual helpful people.  I will say this with absolute conviction, you will not find much help out of global.  No, global chat is pretty much redundant.  Trade chat is much more focused however.  Where I think AV did it right is, they instead implemented the Mentor program.  With the mentor program you will actually have a older player assigned to you, to help you with advice and  some have even been known to do more then that.  That being said, my only expectation was knowledge and my mentor gave me that in droves.  I did do a bit of research prior to coming in the game on the clans present and had already chosen my clan before coming in, but from what I understand, a lot of folks end up joining the clan of the mentor.  Either way, you will have to type and actually communicate with people if you want half a chance of getting anywhere in DF.I made myself some chain armor a crappy greataxe and decided to see what the PvE is all about in Darkfall.  I found it suprisingly fun and pretty evenly balanced in terms of my characters abilities to handle, and you figure out real quick if a creature is beyond your abilities in DF.  Again no hand holding.  There is no level marker to tell, you simply have to go in and give it a go.  To be honest, I LOVE THIS.  It has brought exploration back into my gaming world.  The world is a dark and sinister place and Agon, filled with fallen ruins, serene environments and caverns and holes in various places does its best to push that envelope.  I even managed to find places that veterans of the game were unaware of.  That is pretty awesome.The only thing I have had a hard time with has been managing to stay on the hit box.  I am partially handicapped and my reflexes are somewhat impeded but once I got some practice in, it is easy enough to stay on target.  PvP though provides a whole different dimension to combat.  The custom roles patch that just went in effect has certainly made things interesting.  Now gone is a lot of the cookie cutter class runs of the past as players new and old are trying to figure out what they feel comfortable with.  I am sure it will not take long for the flavor of the month meta gamers to start touting ultimate builds, but for now everyone is kind of playing around with the improved options which honestly give a TON OF FLAVOR to character building.To fans of old school DaoC, I would highly encourage you to check out DF:UW.  It really has that old frontier feel that a lot of us were big fans of.  It also does one thing that very few PvP games do.  It gives me a better reason to want to defend my clans holdings, to expand them.  I am motivated beyond just racking up points so I can prestige etc.  I have a stake in this world, and I think that is important, because even DaoC to some extent failed to bring that to the table for me.  Yes, I have spent most of my gaming time as a carebear, more interested in the crafting and pve content then pvp.  But Darkfall has changed that for me.  While I am still not 100% hardcore into PvP, I do like mixing it up and I feel a real reason to do so.  There is something to be said for that in a game.  So this has been a old carebears review of why I think Darkfall Online:Unholy Wars deserves a second look, a third look.  Yes it is tough, but thats good, challenge yourself.  If you just put the time and effort in you will not regret it.  Now is a great time to jump on board as well, not only is the playing field slightly more even as everyone figures out the impact of the custom roles patch but AV is running a new player special as well.I hope this mini review is helpful to others like me that sit somewhere in the middle between hardcore gamer and casual gamer."
,Not Recommended,227400,16708924,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ClayTempest,"I am a veteran Ultima Online player, and I loved the hardcore elements that made the game challenging and rewarding. Where UO was like a sandbox world with severe consequences for those who chose to PK, this game has none. In UO, becoming a PK was taking a big risk so people didn't just try to murder everyone they saw. There was actually a virtual society in that game world where PK's were notorious but not so rampant that the world was unbelievable. Darkfall is not a virtual society. It is simply a murder simulator. Everyone you see outside of the newbie zone just rushes at you to try and kill you and loot your corpse. This game is just a deathmatch MMO.If all I wanted was to fight everyone I saw, then I wouldn't waste time grinding for gear and levels in an MMO, I would just go play a competitive shooter with way better gameplay. I go to MMO's (particularly of the sandbox variety) for a virtual society and community. Again, I loved UO's unforgiving nature, but it was balanced. If Darkfall added a reputation/criminal system then the game would be a much better environment for a fully fleshed out world that I would enjoy spending more time in."
76561198056345561,Recommended,227400,23319966,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,zee goomba,This game has been suspended as of 5/29/2016
76561197963340455,Not Recommended,227400,8026552,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Hu Gibbet,"To me, the game and the concept are amazing. The hardcore pvp aspect sounds amazing. I love the open world pvp. At the same time, the way they set up their ""feat"" questing/leveling system is just SUPER grindy. Just GRIND GRIND GRIND. If you're not in a big guild, you really can't accomplish anything in this game besides being destroyed by a group of players when your roaming and having all your things looted. The population is somewhat small as well.The combat was kind of boring to me, I like that it's not just tab and press to attack, but it just seems slow and clunky. And the spells to exchange health for mana or stamina and vice versa just seems like an added part of the game that isn't even necessary. Just takes up more spell slots on your already limited circular spell bar thing :|The crafting is pretty deep, but at the same time simple which I like. Anyone can eventually craft great gear. But then again you have to spend TONS of hours farming, and it's not like most MMO's where you walk up, harvest a vein of ore and now you find another. Instead you will spend 5-10 minutes smashing on one ore vein or hacking at one tree, or collecting one plant. It's extremely boring and not well thought out. I honestly didn't feel like I spent most of the game doign anything but hammering rocks/collecting plants. Or at the funnest of times grinding mobs which spawn all to damn quickly, you can barely skin their corpses before the next wave is butt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you.The pvp was about as boring, I was in a fairly large guild and when a seige came, it ended up being me standing on a wall slinging spells from half a mile away hoping to even damage someone. It would literally take my spell a good 4-5 seconds before it even got to where the enemies were standing doing the same thing. And while their melee characters ran around 2 shotting anyone they could get close to.I had a lot of mixed feelings seeing as I liked a ton of the ideas this game had, it just seems like they executed almost ALL of them extremely poorly, turned the game into a super slow paced grind fest."
,Recommended,227400,12956773,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,drunk,the only skill based full loot FFA pvp game worth playing right now.postive:- non tab target combat- the unique pvp experience- player driven economy- player looting- huge map with alot of details- clan warfare with conquest- ship combatnegative:- lack of content besides pvp- tedious game mechanics which make you sometimes feel that you have to quit your job to achieve anything ingame.- bad combat balance in some areas (including solo playability aswell as general combat balance)- bad peformance for having medicore graphics- the early game is quite bad (including tutorial and grinding your char)- the UI is quite bad
76561197981178031,Not Recommended,227400,12687927,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Malice,"Cancer in what little is left of its community, and player activity that you cannot monitor is what kept me from renewing the subscription. Otherwise the character build customization, gameplay and content is mediocre at best.There are better F2P non-paytowin mmorpgs out there, keep looking.Gods speed."
,Recommended,227400,7810521,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,@GAiNZvsGAMES,"ridiculously addictive and fun gameafter joining the game world and completing the tutorial it would appear the world is abandoned - atleast it seemed tht way at 1st.so i continued to complete my beginner feat's and got my 1st mount. i ventured out the safe zone and started mining some iron ore nodes and some how lost my mount (didnt know to despawn it at this stage) due to some thiev's in the area.shortly after this i was killed and robbed for my hard work and my precious iron ores taken from me.The combat is good and requires skill as opposed to the usual tab target.i was kindly taken in by a big clan that helped me on my way and taught me all the basics - my advice to any new players is get into a clan as soon as possible, get on their voice comms and fire away with all your questions.EDIT: 16/05/2016After a recent break from the game, i came back to see alot of changes.from economy to no more classes and much less players.its true what you may read on the forums, the game is probably in its worst state in terms of population but what it lacks here it has only gained in features.It seems there is still a devout following for this game and a good enough amount playing (just enough) to make the game well worth subbing to again.it is also true that there is little to no word from the dev team to its community. Those of us that are playing are currently in dismay as to wether F2P will come or the servers shut don for good 1st... in all honesty no one knows, but what we do know is this game is a gem, a 1 of a kind at that.After playing most of the latest titles including Black Desert and Albion Online over the last year I found them all lacking that feeling that Darkfall gives.there are also 2 new start ups. Darkfall: Rise of Agon & Darkfall: New Dawn - they are both focusing on the original Darkfall game and very different in their visions. RoA is currently in Alpha and I believe ND alpha will be soon following. however what these games lack in there current forms is the persistance Darkfall Unholy Wars does and its often to see players from these 2 games logging in and playing Unholy Wars during down times etc for these games.once again, hope this helps someone. if you have any questions feel free to ask"
,Recommended,227400,12952597,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,longballoon,"Anyone who gives this game a bad review has never made it past the player tutorial. I have played a majority of MMO's including ealier titles like Star Wars Galaxies and Everquest. If you want a game that is open loot snadbox FPS, look no further. This game is one of the best games I have ever played."
76561197960681285,Recommended,227400,12935034,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,PrettyBoy,"Closing on 1.5 years playing this game.Its hard around the edges, you have to think more about this as a indy game to be more forgiving about bad backpack system, bad trading, market and economy being confusing, pve needing a buff up, taking a few tries to get the graphics running right, so on.However, this is simply the best mmrpg game out there.As a player who jumped on the first bandwagon in mmrpgs (Ultima online) theres nothing that has come close to that game since this one.The world is huge, its completely player driven, its ""Gangs"" and ""Larger groups"" (not fair to call it armies) trashing eachother, breaking eachothers♥♥♥♥♥♥ and doing their best to conquer what they want to.At the moment as far as i know there are only two games that give the extra thrill of full Loot. (You kill someone, you can take everything he has) Thats eve online and im not much into spaceships... And Darkfall unholy wars....The main proplem i have allways felt about other mmrpgs i have played (and i have tried most of them) is that nobody gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about dying....I can tell you endless stories where my heart went thumping and after the fight you tell your team mates in mumble &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ im still shaking""....Theres alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥that will turn ppl off, the tutorial is crap, its hard to learn, so on. This is not a game that will ever get high reviews in a place like this.If you are however looking for a heart pumping skill based mmrpg, this one is for u.(Wont take u months to be pvp competetive either, not in character statistics... However, older players will walk over u, and they will do it cause they know what their doing)"
,Not Recommended,227400,28806181,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[K9] Zanx,"was a classic and even most wont admit it they know it was a fun game it had one major problem Aventurine was running the game now the game is dead (no longer online) and we have AV to thank for that but they didnt leave us empty handed they sold the orginial Darkfall Online game to two companies onehttps://darkfallriseofagon.com/for the NA population andhttps://darkfallnewdawn.com/for the EU population both have been making improvements to the ease of access in these games for the new player experience to be more fun and less stressful trying to figure out ""what should I do?"". If you played Unholy Wars and want that experience again, Join one of these two games and relive your fantasy world."
76561197971485579,Not Recommended,227400,23732676,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,godpuppet,"Let me share a little story.I played this game, fun was had, the launch was good, I was happy.Then one day my account somehow got accessed by people in China.They sold gold in chat, and my account was banned.I tried to contact Aventurine with evidence from steam my account had been accessed by a 3rd party, I tried to show them I had to recover my password to regain access and that I didnt speak chinese.Aventurine didnt respond.Aventurine didnt care.Now this game gets my negative review."
,Recommended,227400,10768837,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dinkleberg,"This game is simply amazing, yet not for anyone. The start is really rocky as are most sandbox games because you don't know the ropes yet but anyone who enjoys the freedom to make your own path in a game should know that you have to give the game a little time for yourself to learn the combat and such. Starting off you have to grind a lot so instantly I'd say when reading a review look at their hours played because most people play like 3 hours and say it's horrible, when in reality they probably afk'd the whole time since they didn't know what to do. This game requires you to be a part of a clan to do any of the content efficiently. it's not all action, but the beauty is being able to be a part of an actual virtual world where you can infiltrate an enemy clan and gain their trust, and maybe you decide not to betray them and pledge allegiance to their cause only to fight your previous clan in battle. your experience in this game reflects your own imagination. Not perfect by any means but truely one of a kind."
,Not Recommended,227400,16438496,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Zeb,"The games optimization is crap, the company is incompetent, the user interface is garbage, the crafting system is so convoluted and over complicated it makes no sense.The CEO recently released a letter, trashing the old game that got his company to where it is today, turned his back on his core player base in hopes that his failure of a game could somehow become successful.I dont recommend any game made by this company, Delays are commonplace, so much they are infact expected, predicted, and guaranteed. Disappointment is the only thing you can look forward to on patchday.. Server uptimes for their two sole servers are so iffy its laughable.I wish the original darkfall online was handed off to a more capable company, but alas here we are with the steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥that is DFUW"
76561198015264677,Recommended,227400,8949465,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Skuuuba Steeeve,"The start is a little rocky the farming and grinding takes a little bit, but much improvement once you get into it it's a fantastic game. keeps you on your toes, though the combat isn't as fluent as I'd hoped it still manages to keep me entertained.. The seiges are amazing and the pvp is the main thing to look forward to in my opinion anyhow. Although i wish it wasn't subscription based, i understand the company needs to make money some how."
76561198032380086,Recommended,227400,8594917,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,DweebotheGeek,"9/10If you like skill based, fast paced, real time action PvP all set in an mmo where the pvp actually has meaning where you can control cities and resources and even loot the corpses of your fallen enemies. A game where you can fight for control of the best Mob Spawns or have battles at sea with many cool boats that can be crafted by the players. Delve deep into guild politics and for huge alliances to try to dominate the world or just join a guild to go along for the large scale pvp battles. THEN BUY THIS GAME ITS AMAZING.Just make sure you have a high end pc if you want it to perform well."
76561198040413414,Recommended,227400,8333590,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Neogenesis,A VERY dIFERENT SANDBOX MMO AT A 66% DISCOUNT PRICE.-HUGE WORLD-PVP/SANDBOX WITH SIEGES-LOTS OF  HARVESTING/CRAFTING-MARKETS/SHIPS/FEETSAND LOTS MORE :)
,Recommended,227400,12974006,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Trash,"This game does things that others simply don't. The full loot system takes me back to the days of wishing for an Elder Scrolls mmo ( i know they made one, doesn't feel like elder scrolls.) where everyone dropped everything and you could do practically anything you want. The game allows full on village raids, and a fun combat/progression system. However, the real seller of this game is that it doesn't give you teddy bears and rainbows and tells you you've won the game. It's not gonna walk you through it. This has resulted in a great player driven community where you have your ""evil-doers"" and your ""heroes"". Also, everything in this game is temporary. You will lose it at some point. If this upsets you, then go play WoW with the other carebears."
,Recommended,227400,8999545,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Woneyed,"Love this game. The pvp actually is all about skill. If you have an unskilled player with better gear than you and your good with a mouse, you can kill him with a noob sword. Then you get all of his gear. I've been looking for a more ""hardcore"" game and I found Darkfall Unholy Wars. This game is great. No levels, no grinding, do what ever it is you want. Sail the open seas, Pvp, kill mobs, craft, dungeons, duels. Its got it all and the graphics are very nice to look at. When you start, join Soul Takers and we will take care of you. Teach you the ropes and give you that little edge most new players dont get and end up quitting.Join Us, Fight with us, Die with us!   Soul Takers"
76561198052093750,Recommended,227400,10577375,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Cobey,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the crown prince of all MMOs. This game was under the radar for a long time, but the developers really seem to be getting their♥♥♥♥♥♥together recently!About the game: It's the hardest of hardcore. Imagine DayZ and Morrowind had a lovechild. That child exists as Darkfall, a sandbox MMO, focused on PvP. There aren't any databases as of yet, and global chat can be annoing now and again, but all in all this game is a 9/10. Buy it now, quit wasing time."
,Recommended,227400,9630861,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Darthtanien,"Hard core Full loot PVP. Interface sucks the skill wheel idea using Q and E than 1-8 than left or right click is awefull. I remapped everything to my Logitech G13 and its awesome ! This game is FUN FUN FUN. The turds that like to kill and grief noobs are chasing the community off. Really stupid. I dont mind it so much but ALOT of people do. I do like the feel of combat now annd cant wait to get further along to do Sieges and ship warfare ! Crafting is rich and fun. Harvesting is good yet basic. No carebear hand holding here for anything. If you are the free to play MMO gamer that wants a spawn to this place than spawn to that point and quest marked on the map that tells you what to kill and where to go and dont like getting killed and all your loot gone DO NOT APPLY. I LOVE IT. You need other people to play this game with. Do not fool yourself and think that this is going to be another MMO that you log in to and play as a single player, which i dont understand ! Its called an MMO for a reason. Get with some people and play a real MMO. Buy it, Join in the FUN !"
76561197973312197,Recommended,227400,10076031,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Corgibuttz,"It's a little rough around the edges, but it truely is a game like no other.  Think Ultima Online and The Elder Scrolls had a baby for game play.  Leveling mechanics are different then those games, but the gameplay is a true hybrid.  It's made by a pretty small team, so as expected it's not perfect.  I provides a game play experience like no other though.  Full loot, slow leveling, skill based combat.  You will love it or hate it."
,Recommended,227400,9935881,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Stylz...,"Played this game for years it is amazing, all you have to do after u start is ask someone to help u learn, with the new mentor system comming in this will be alot easier and help new players stay in the game and notice how amazing it is"
,Recommended,227400,13383514,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Caimen,"This review is for people who are familiar with Eve Online and I will use it draw comparisons.  I will first list the features that both games have, which is the primary reason why I like these games.Player controlled cities/holdingsPlayer controlled buildingsPlayer built shipsFull crafting system where just about everything in game is built by players.Full market system with buy/sell orders.PVP is mandatory, if you go out to kill some mobs you always have to be watching your back.You will lose your loot if killed by a player to that player.Personally I played Eve Online for about a year and half, and I only had one single problem with.  The downtime is excruciating most of the time.  10% of Eve Online is great fun, because very interesting things can happen in a player controlled world like that, however the other 90% can be extremely boring.  Darkfall addresses this problem quite well.Darkfall has many systems that encourage players to leave relative safety of clan holdings.  This encourages players to leave there cities to accomplish many tasks.  There are city levies, which take time to be emptied and you must protect yourself or take the risk of gaining massive loot.  Treasure maps can be found which will give you some basic direction of where to find actual good loot drops to dig out of the ground.  Just recently while treasure hunting I was forced to walk through enemy territory to find the loot.  These are just a couple of ways that PVP is encouraged and exploration as well.  The map is big enough to provide relative enough safety and you can always hide behind a rock and hope they don't see you.The sieges and boat system adds to the complexity of the game.  Of course this game is for hardcore players, most people are not going to like it.  Before finding Darkfall I was playing Rust and trying to get into DayZ.  I was interested in the idea of fearing for my life every time I go out.  Darkfall does this in ways I wasn't expecting.The progression system makes the gameWarningsDon't leave relative safety with any items you are not willing to lose.  Bank your loot often.You must find a group and have a mic, use teamspeak and find a decent clan, most will accept noobs.  Plenty of terrible clans out there, but plenty of good ones too.  Finding a good clan makes or breaks this game, it's an MMO not a single player adventure.  Join one as soon as possible, they can help you learn much more quickly.  If you join Darkfall planning to play solo, while possible, it is not going to be fun in the end.  I play solo half the time until I'm needed for a fight or raiding party, however I'm generally always in teamspeak while playing unless I'm simply harvesting resources or crafting.There is a lot of grinding, if that's not for you then don't subscribe.You cannot repair armor or weapons, once it is destroyed by durability it is gone forever.  However this keeps the market stable and makes it so resources are always in demand, Darkfall has one the most lucrative and stable markets of any MMO including Eve Online because of this.Crafting can be very tedious, but partly what I like about this game is harvesting resources and crafting is very easy to do while watching Netflix or otherwise doing other things online.This is not some tab based skill cooldown game like WOW, it is live action and fast paced meaning FPS skill is more important than your actual build in some ways.The interface is very old school and takes a lot of getting used to, however I grew to actually like it.Graphics are not amazing nor are they terrible.TipsMake plenty of bags and organize your loot in your bank.  It's the games way of managing the massive amount of items you will find.Save all your loot you get.  It's almost all useful in someway or can be sold on the market.  Salvage items you don't need.Set out to finish your feats, it's the easiest way to gain prowess.Gather resources on your downtime while watching Netflix or surfing the net.  Every little thing you do in this game gives you prowess which can be spent on any skill or stat."
76561197993206483,Recommended,227400,7991699,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Se7en,"Darkfall has everything. One world server that everyone plays in. Sandbox elements, be and do whoever and whatever you want to do. Anyone can group with anyone at any time, no level restrictions. No instancing, pvp, pve, crafting actually matters. There is no trash loot. I consider myself an MMO player, I've played so many of them. This game is the fantasy MMO game as EVE Online is to sci fi MMO. Great game!"
76561197975825638,Recommended,227400,8461869,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Lychanis,"Nice game, I bought 6 days ago and already got 90hours of fun. Only for real geek!"
,Recommended,227400,10177527,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Esefex,"Best action oriented + pvp game I've come across since Dark Ages of Camelot. The controls can all be set, but you basically have to aim everything including your shield to block. PVP is entirely skill based and balance in PVP isn't horrible.DON'T LISTEN TO THE BAD REVIEWS SAYING THERE IS NO CONTENT! THIS IS A SANDBOX MMO! THE CONTENT IS CREATED BY YOU, SO IF YOU'RE NOT IN IT TO WIN IT AND TO PLAY WITH OTHERS YOU'RE GONNA GET SMASHED.A list of things to do off of the top of my head: SIEGES on enemy cities/hamlets, NAVAL WARFARE, OPEN WORLD PVP, REQUISITIONING VILLAGES, CAPTURING VILLAGES FOR GOLD/ITEMS, YOU CAN CRAFT EVERY USEFUL ITEM IN THE GAME, AND MORE!Yes, this is a hardcore, full loot--pvp orientated game. And, while there is some necessary grinding for the first few weeks, once you get to around 20k Prowess or so, you are a competitor in PVP. You can easily beat someone who has a much higher amount of prowess than you, but you have to be good.MY ADVICE IS DON'T LET THE GRIND GET THE BEST OF YOU, JOIN A CLAN AND YOU'LL HAVE A BLAST IF THE PEOPLE YOU ARE PLAYING WITH ARE ANY GOOD!IGN: Sylelvaen SwiftstepAdd me if you need a clan to join."
,Recommended,227400,12286386,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Shore,"This is the best MMO I have played. The pvp is the most exciting ever. No game gets your heart pumping like this one can. The biggest problem with darkfall 1 was the macroing, but they have fixed that with the prowess system.If you are looking for a new mmo to play and aren't afraid of some good pvp. This is the best."
76561198011970622,Recommended,227400,12964068,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Fluke Jukem,"Game is hard. Game is Brutal. Game is rewarding.  Follow the many players who will help you, put in a few hours of grind, and you have the closest thing to a sandbox that any MMO offers.  Full-loot combat (though honestly basic gear is super cheap, you can always be combat viable) and ships/mounts/sieges later on in the game.  Stick it out, try it out, and learn to get good.  Dont be stupid, or this game will murder you, and thats why i love it."
,Recommended,227400,12956354,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Sadistdick,"There were lots of people in the spawn town but other villages were fairly quiet and I ran around the wilderness hoping for some PvP for a few hours and met no one...The fighting mechanics are good and I had a few duels in town which were enjoyable. I also liked the leveling system which is done with prowess rather than levels!I think back in 2009 this game would have been really fun with players running around all over the place I hope the community grows as a result of this weekend deal!Edit: decided to delete this game, not enough poeple online for this game to be fun. Not worth the monthly bill."
76561198004408514,Recommended,227400,12431029,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,LeL'Rathlor,"Pretty epic MMORPG. Average graphics for reduced lag, helpful community, great combat and leveling systems included. You can siege places, build boats, mounts(easily), crafting for weps, armor, potions, staves, and dyes. Combat system isn't point and click, huge map, many abilities. The best part is NO CLASSES, you pick any of the abilities you want. You can be a shaman, spell sword, warrior, rouge, archer, mage, anything. No levels, just prowess(exp). Only been out for a year and its great, and still coming updates."
76561197990139616,Recommended,227400,12986348,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Mamborambo,"Great game with much potential.Things I like:-Massive world (about 40km2)*You also need to actually explore, since world maps starts blank. You can vaguely see where land ends and sea begins as well as general look of the terrain from under the blackness. Mobs spawn in certain areas like wooden forts or caves (map has marks for those areas. You can also make your own tags if you find something interesting.-Lore*Well, it exists. You need to dig into the wiki or ask the players about it, but a little mystery is nice too. Still, it could use a some padding.-Openworld pvp (you also drop your items if you get ganked(killed by player while down)/release your spirit after death. You can get them back if you reach your grave before it's looted)*Also openworld ofc. A bit overwhelming at first, but it's nice to set your own goals and plan your own adventures)(Quest system is still under development)Constant threath of other players also makes it much more rewarding to bring a haul from adventure back to the bank (there are also banks around the world near chaos bindstones (respawn/recall points) but they are unprotected. I haven't experienced much playerkilling around them though).Being chased by another player can be quite thrilling too. It's possible to escape from even high level player since all mounts run at the same speed (there are speed enhancing skills that make you faster than mount, but you can outrun even them if you get enough headstart and manouver well enough (not too much zigzagging to dodge projectiles and using terrain as cover.)Currently there are no stealth skills, but if you crouch in a bush or hide behind objects and use 3rd person(there is 1st person too, obviously), you can ""manually"" sneak around players too. Crouching also makes much less noise when walking. You must target player/npc directly and be within certain range to see it's UI.-Localized markets (still under development, partially implemented)*Similiar system like EVE online has. You need to travel to different markets to physically get the items you buy-Monthly subscription*Yes, It is a good thing. I haven't seen any bots, gold spam or even cheaters. It also keeps the game fair, which is essential for such pvp oriented game. Upkeep isn't free and this is the most fair way to get money for it. Free to play works really well for some games, but this isn't one of them.-D.U.E.L  subscription extension item*Similiar to PLEX in EVE. You can buy it with real money and sell it for ingame money, meaning that it's possible to play the game for free. Gold isn't too hard to get. Some mobs drop a lot of it and you can also get lucky with chaos chest (random chests around the world that may have huge amounts of gold or almost none. They may contain other nice stuff aswell. You find tons of them if there aren't much players around.)-Upcoming feature (Relics: Grand items that you can either haul to your clan's church, which gives clan a worldwide buff, or you can take it to demon altar and destroy for prowess reward.(Prowess = xp. There are no traditional levels in DF. You buy and upgrade skills and attributes with prowess. First levels are extremely cheap but it gets more expensive higher the skill is. Currently 100 is max for everything. Each level makes skill a little more powerful)-Graphcis and music*While graphics may not be highest AAA quality, I think it's very atmospheric. Reminds me of Morrowind. Music on the other hand is epic.-Clans*or guilds, how ever you want to call them. Much of the game is built around clan system. They can capture villages (in which you can build your own house) and Cities. Citys have allkinds of nice stuff that clan can build there: crafting area, resource nodes for faster and safer gathering (there are also safe areas in which you can harvest, but clan nodes always give full quality resoruces, while regular nodes may give inferior quality stuff, which you can use to craft reqular quality resources.), skill trainers and shops. They are closer to more exiting places than safe zones too.-EconomyIt's completely player driven. There are only few essential items that can be bought from npc like basic tools and spell ingredients.Mobs drop low quality equipment and you can find better items from random chests/equipment racks around the world. Rest you have to craft or buy from market.Mixed opinion-Resource gathering from nodes*It's time consuming and uneventful(thought it also gives you prowess, especially if you get rarer items while harvesting), but it's easy to do other things while waiting for iron node to get picked or wood to get chopped. Gathering makes distinct sound which can be heard throught video if you set your volume levels right. If the sound stops, you know it's time to switch node/tool or regain stamina. This gets a little harder if there are multiple harvesters around you, but then you just need to be more vigilant. In areas outside safe zone this is a lot more dangerous, since other players can attack you, but with large group emptying nodes is much faster and safer.I think there could be somekind of minigame for harvesting, but that might not be that good idea in the end.Things I don't like-Inventory system (Devs are making an overhaul to it)*Very crude and quite hard to manage if you are in hurry. At least there are bags which greatly help organization.-Small playerbase (Game needs more publicity. More positive recommendations and/or less negative (and useless, like mere ""this game sucks!"" reviews) would help too.)* This can also be a benefit for new player, since if there are less players around you can gather prowess and resources more freely and thus become more pvp viable faster. The game can be enjoyable even with small playerbase.-Easy to get away with player killing.*I don't think there are any penaltys for doing so, expect for being tagged as playerkiller. I hope devs will take a look of this at some point.> This is not handholding game like wow or many other mmo's there are. While this means the game may be harder for you to understand and play, it also means greater satisfaction once you start to see how things work. Also the game wont treat you like an idiot.On my experience the community has been friendly and helpful towards new players. There are also currently 2 major clans that actively recruit new players and teach them how to play. There is also mentorship system. Experienced player can take apperentices and teach them how to play. They also get rewards if their apperentice gains enough prowess. <There are other stuff too, but this is all I can think of currently. If you decide to try the game, be patient and don't give up. Also watch some gameplay videos first to get better general idea about the game."
,Recommended,227400,10515390,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,rexywilly,Its a great Hardcore PVP MMO and sandbox    it just using my wallet every mounth XD
76561198123640628,Recommended,227400,12964741,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Luci(Xeno)fuge,"Great game if your looking for something different then your standard mmo... To me it feels like EQ1 meets Ultima Online with action combat.  I played DF1 a ton, moved on before the expansion/sequel.  The Naval combat cant be beat!!!"
,Recommended,227400,12363724,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Gorf,"Awesome game. This is only my alt. If you look for pure PvP game with full loot which take skill this game is for you. It can be frustrating a lot sometimes, but also rewarding. Clan vs Clan warfare, politics, territory control etc. Sometimes, game feels empty, but with good clan you will have a lot of fun and things to do.New Aventurine learn from their mistakes in past, communicate with their community, patching and working on improving the game.Game is not perfect, but if you are kind of person who enjoy that hand shake and risk of loosing your gear whanever you go  than there is no other game for you IMO."
76561197960445577,Recommended,227400,10077125,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,gothicq,Really amazing game.
76561198044967767,Recommended,227400,9941062,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,nicnus,love it!
76561197983445467,Recommended,227400,29205857,Posted: 12 January,all,=SKS=Ghost-Muza,Darkfall has come a long way over the years. Now that it was sold to the two sites below. DF Rise of Agon is in Beta now and DF New Dawn is still getting ready for Beta.Please all that like a hardcore PvP with all the PvE crafting and open world you could ask for.Don't be scared. It's only DarkFall!-https://darkfallriseofagon.com/-https://darkfallnewdawn.com/
,Recommended,227400,12624005,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,raw,"This isn't game, it's a way of life.But more to the point:Pros:- This is the only playable 'hardcore' openworld Sandbox game- The PvP is theoretically ace- Sieges theoretically involve thousands of players, boats, cannons, cannons on boats and giant dragons.Cons:- There is hardly any sandbox and the second iteration of the game (called 'Unholy Wars') has significantly cheapened the hardcore experience by introducing save zones- The PvP is practically♥♥♥♥♥♥♥due to a huge, boring grind required to be competitive.- Practically, there are no sieges due to lack of players.I hate this game. I love this game. Don't ever play this game under any circumstances what-so-ever.Welcome to Darkfall."
76561198041050978,Recommended,227400,9080892,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Proletari,"Open world,non target pvp,mount & blade style combat and ability to loot slain enemies makes this game unique on todays market of MMORPG's.Its only major drawback is a lazy development team.To crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentation of their women."
76561197967903172,Recommended,227400,8993646,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Weathermore,"The game is quite difficult to get into, and the learning curve is a bit high, but if you ever break the boundary you will have immense fun. The PVP combat in the game is spectacular for an open world title.I would ignore all of the 'sanbox' language regarding the game (because calling Darkfall sandbox is a bit misleading); but this game has the BEST persistant world Tug of War PVP model ever.  With the encorporation of prowess monolith's, there is also a daily king of the hill style event (but these events should be far more often.)A few recommendations to new players: I would try to join a clan (try lost minions or zerg) and use them as your primary source of refuge if you are a new player. Turn global off completely, and use help and trade for all of your daily needs.The primary issue with the game remains the population state. It is quite an unfixable issue, as the game is quite fun with numerous players on screen. Fearing that your every movement may lead to confrontation, you will always have to be watching your back;  but without a substantial population, many of us have simply drawn to the corners of the world where we can hoard our treasures to ourselves. WE WANT YOU TO COME TAKE THEM FROM US."
76561198052254529,Recommended,227400,10438089,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Drunkn Madman,Very active and engaging PvP game. Challangeing and fun at the same time and endless options as far as class customization!
76561197995687118,Recommended,227400,12956761,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Scruzo,"Very intresting game, UI was a bit wonkey to figure out, but by the 3rd day, was enjoying myself, game has a stronge communty. Death can come fast and swift if you leave the green area, full loot drop, you die you be naked again... rinse and repeat lol. 4 of 5 stars i give this game. will be doing the sub here also, game well worth the deaths lol"
76561198090771963,Recommended,227400,18901943,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Tarbal,"I had a blast playing this game a couple years ago. I'm kind of itching to play it again, but I'm afraid no one will be on nowadays, and I don't want to resubscribe. Really, the only reason I quit was because of people unsubbing. If they would get rid of the subscription, I would probably reinstall and get back into it, and I'm sure many others would too. Even with the sub though, it's still worth playing for a while.The PVP is unlike any game you've ever experienced. As others have said though, make sure to join a clan, so you can participate in the incredible siege warfare. That, and so you don't get ganked as much out in the wild. You WILL get ganked no matter what though. It will take a while to acquire the skill (I'm not talking experience points, but real skill and play-time experience) necessary to become pvp viable."
76561198056584093,Not Recommended,227400,8622429,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,SAA,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!! I feel bad saying that about any game i would always recommed someone try a game first but this game is crap.-Community sucks first time i got on all they were doing were accusing other players of botting/hacking i gave it awhile to see if it would stop it did not-No one plays! At the time I was on there was only 30 ppl playing. Starting area was dead I was the only one in the starting area and i mean the ONLY ONE!-Players were saying so many ppl report each other for cheating that they barley answer them and laugh at most reports-They charge for this it is a joke this should be free to play!-I give this game a year if that before they shutdown all servers
,Recommended,227400,9168561,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,bread,"It's like crack.  More MMO's need to take example from what AV has done with Darkfall.  Non-target fps style combat, where the arc of your attack determines your hits, no matter if ally or enemy is in front of you.  Full loot, multiple classes with unique roles, large scale siege combat and city and hamlet ownership, 1v1 dueling, monstrous npcs requiring groups to kill, ships, krakens.  Truest sandbox RPG to exist, if a company with more resources were to develop something similar it could possibly change the entire definition of what an MMO is."
,Recommended,227400,10033932,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Angelos_Sanguinum,"Unique hardcore full-loot MMORPG based on PVP. Words cannot describe all awesomeness of PVP and naval fights.However, you must grind resources\gold for gear and mobs for prowess(skill points). Which is nothing compared to other grindfest mmorpgs bs.Уникальная хардкорная ММОРПГ с фулл-лутом и основанная на ПВП. Слова не могут описать всей мощи ПВП боёв на земле и на воде.Также вам нужно гриндить ресурсы\золото на экипировку и мобов на провесс(очки развития). Хотя по сравнению с зубодробительным гриндом из других мморпг это ерунда."
,Not Recommended,227400,12638288,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Parliamentarian,Worst $7 ive ever spentFeels like a game thats in alpha stageTerrible texturesYou only see the arrows from your bow after they have travelled about 10 metersSame with spellsInterface is nasty and takes up the whole screenTutorial is terrible and wont go awayControls are terribleGui windows keep popping up over each other and give no explanation on how to close half of themFor some reason steam keeps taking screenshot everytime i press 'i'Stay away unless you want to spend a few hours getting your head around the terribleness of the game in generalId be surprised if anyone didnt rage quit after getting stuck with 100 interface windows open and then ganked while trying to do a simple task such as looting a mob.
76561198008601269,Not Recommended,227400,9009556,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Sacrillegious,"If your thinking about buying this read on.there Once was a ambitious game called Darkfall Online created through the dream of a 3d ultima online, i played this game for 2 years. I loved it even though it did not get patches, support or♥♥♥♥♥♥all, it was a gem of a game a true diamond in the rust.It was a full loot, open pvp, fps game with mass territory control, a rough learning curve and adrenaline filled pvp.When i say adrenaline filled pvp i ♥♥♥♥ING MEAN THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥it was like crack cocaine man, u get in a fight ur heart is going a mile a minute and ur body is all tensei have never ever had a GAME do that♥♥♥♥♥♥and it was exhilarating to say the least.DARKFALL UNHOLY WARS is just a dumbed down wowafied version of the original. Even if thats not bad enough its totally inferror to the original in everyway especially in content and diversity, which for old vets is very depressing. New players will find themselves in a dead world with a few hardcore vets in cities that u cannot raid dueling eachother outa boredom. Ull spend ur first 2 weeks grinding 150 of each mob who each dont have any cool drops or originality. Then the fun starts ul find a small group of active players and duel them in a protected city over and over and over, untill you decide to go out and pvp. you head out for 2 hours find knowone and return to said city and duel somemore, then u quit. nuff said.the original game was great and had huge leashed up potiental. This new darkfall is a whole new game on its own and its very bad. do i recommend? no most definity not. sorry for my grammar and spelling, ♥♥♥♥♥ies"
,Recommended,227400,12934302,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,CopperNik,"Best PvP combat system, true non-target, realystic physics, tons of realy unique gameplay experience. Strongly recommended for MMO-gamers, who tired from modern casual MMORPG. This game is totaly unlike WoW-style and La2-style MMO games."
76561198003033894,Recommended,227400,10659807,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pvt.Jenkem,This is not your mainstream mmorpg experience. This is something everyone should try.
,Recommended,227400,13032708,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Angelus Mortis,"I can only say I wish I had played this game from the very beginning. It's a challenge to catch up with the players who did. The crafting is pretty good, with the ability to have all the crafting classes if you so choose. It allows you the ability to create totally unique combat classes as well. Instead of missions/quests, you are tasked to complete feats. Feats give you prowess which affects every aspect of your being. Good game but plan on working hard to catch up with the veterans."
,Recommended,227400,18740575,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,XLG,"Don't even read the negative reviews of this game. These people are mainly carebear mmo players who wanted everything handed to them and their hands held the entier time.  I have played 100s of MMOs and this game is by far the most fun I have played. Its an open world, full loot pvp, sandbox that is unforgiving, and HUGE! If you are a fan of DayZ Mod, or any of the open world sandboxes like that,  you will find this title very familiar in some aspects. It doesn't have the traditional MMO feel either, which can be a good thing to the more hardcore players. I prefer this over Mortal online as well for the ""hardcore mmorpg"" aspect. The game suffers from poor marketing, and thats mainly because the developer is so small.  You can literally pay for your subscribtion by playing the game if you know what you are doing. The clan system is awesome and opens up a whole world of new content. The player housing is meaningful and not just for asthetics. There are city sieges and the ability to capture areas. Clan vs clan pvp and a bunch more player vs player specific content. The mobs range in difficulty, but if you are a good player, you can go against higher level mobs and get really good mats. If you are a fan of open loot pvp I would whole-heartedly recommend this game. Like I said, don't listen to the other negative reviews, most of them haven't even played the game long enough to know anything about it."
,Recommended,227400,12992525,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Loukaniko,"this is a love or hate it game. As others have already told, it is UNIQUE on its kind.But I can see the frustration of new players, that enter an unknown world, ignore all screen messages and end up bare naked with a toothpick weapon in the first minutes. This game is a full loot. it means when you die near a populated area, there is 99% chance to find your greave looted, all stuff missing. But, when you die in a starter area, you get an option to wait 1-2 minutes and then be automatically revived without loosing anything. Its not games fault if you ignore the message , press space and leave your stuff there near newbies that know what FULL LOOT means. I have seen SO many new player graves. You even start game with a mount and a ship free! (with steam offer)The world is HUGE, its easy to find an area to be alone and undisturbed for quest. Or you can join a clan, which is what this game is all about. Its not a ""solo hero"" game, as already other mature players have mentioned.The other thing is that all players are equal in terms of speed. If you start running with your mount, noone can catch you, since you will be ahead, unless you stop, or make unneeded turns.This two advices will help you for your first steps. The main advise is to get into a clan as soon as possible. Most people love new players, will even gift you ships if you prove that you are there to stay."
76561198053001282,Recommended,227400,10008406,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,fmattb22,"i played darkfall 1 and it was really fun, got a new job and i have some more free time so i wanted to start playing again.. sadly after buying the game on the website(didnt know steam offered it) and installed it, the lobby wouldnt patch. went to darkfall support and they said i change a setting so i changed it but it didnt help. REBOUGHT the game through steam to see if steam was blocking it but it didnt help.. once again darkfall suprt asked me to send over some logs but nothing helped now trying to ask for a refund..really sucks going to put this game as positive because it seems noboody else has had my problem before and it seems like a super fun game and will be fun as long as they didnt change the base game from the origional darkfall"
,Recommended,227400,13096846,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Sp0tted0wl,"Not for everyone.  PVP 24/7, disposable equipment, lots of fun!  Played DF1, similar."
,Recommended,227400,10513522,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Melathor,"Not for the newage wow players who are use to the dumb down play style, sorry kids. If you wanta play, be prepared to apply some skill and intelligence to the game."
,Not Recommended,227400,18077047,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,gryptik,"I can't really say much. I bought it, and it has been offline almost every time I get time to play. Feeling really ripped off. Most games will tell you that they are doing maintenance, and you should be able to log on at x time. Not these guys. I combed everywhere looking for this information, couldn't find it. Wrote a ticket letting them know this wasn't able to be found, is there a place? I got a smart♥♥♥♥♥email back pretty much saying when they wanted to take the servers down they would. Keep an eye on the forums. There is nothing on the forums that I see other than the changes that are being made. Still leaving us up in the air on timeframes. And a lot of stuff begging me to help them get a population. Post after post of them telling the customers. We hear you, but not really listening. We'll do what we do. Pay us and enjoy the offline screen.UpdateStill offline and unable to play. I got frustrated and tried to get my money refunded. Buying a game for a month, only for it to be offline 95% of my waking hours. Is a ripoff. I told steam about it, they replied. We can't give you your money back. You've played 17 hours. Apparently, to steam, watching a login screen with the words offline, is playing the game. The way they have it set up is a scam. Buyer beware."
76561197996453405,Recommended,227400,10338522,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,-xXx- DaKreeper |QC|,Best ♥♥♥♥in MMO Sandbox ever made !!I recommend 10/10
,Recommended,227400,19696776,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Shiires,Awsome  game! spent loads of hours on this game from crafting pve and pvp! The full loot as well makes it more exciting when doing pvp.
,Recommended,227400,10932639,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,IceWater,"I have been searching for something new in the MMO genre for a long long time. I was a vanilla WoW player.. I really loved the world pvp in that era of world of warcraft. I have always felt instances and battlegrounds etc ruin the immersion and potential fun of pvping in mmos.Enter Darkfall: Unholy Wars. There are no instances. It is a PVP based mmo where every bit of pvp that happens in the game is somewhere in the world. PVP is cutthroat like those games of yesteryear. When you kill someone all of their loot drops on the ground. It is a sandbox mmo... you can go anywhere and do just about anything... you can customize your class as much as you want. There are not levels, just incremental ""prowess"" of which you only need about 30k-40k to be pvp viable. At time of writing this review I have 46k prowess and I have killed people with as much as 200k prowess. It took me about a week to get to this high in prowess which consisted mostly of killing different camps of monsters throughout the game.I could go on describing the game, but I think anyone reading this review will know if the game is for them or not. Gaining prowess is a grind, I find it far superior to questing which there isnt a single one of in this game.  Combat is completely skill based (no tab targeting what so ever.) meaning you will need to be comfortable playing first person shooters to enjoy this game.I see myself playing this game for a long time to come... I just wished I had discovered it a lot sooner."
76561198052256792,Recommended,227400,9096025,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,simon.toad,"I hesitate to write a review so early in the piece, but I was very pleasantly surprised by my first session of Darkfall.  I knew what I was getting into because I played Mortal Online for about a year in about 2010, when the game was very buggy and had broken features.  I'm told MO has improved since.  These independent, shoestring budget operations are works in progress, but I encountered no glitches in Darkfall.  The interfaces all worked, the crafting made sense, and the PvE combat was as it should be: I died to mobs at first but then started to get the hang of things.  The environment looks empty, but that's the nature of these games.  People try to stay hidden out of safe zones unless they are looking for action or have nothing to lose.  I played during the Aussie day on the US server, and there were plenty of players around in the town, and a couple in the wild to.  One, who came upon me trying my hand on Goblins and who I basically fled from until I realised he wasn't going to pinch my meagre noob stash, ended up inviting me to his guild.These styles of game are superb, fantastically immersive, and great fun whether you like to play a killer, an empire builder, or a running away artisan like myself.  I hope you decide to buy this game and graduate from themeparks into a world where you can truly leave your mark."
,Recommended,227400,9019486,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Denim Danger,"Hands down this game is alot of fun. yes it has some bugs just like every single other game but the pros out way the cons by alot. $40 is a little steep but imho it was worth it. i've played ESO and it is not an Elder Scrolls game, Darkfall is more elders scrolls then ESO. The game is full loot with a giant open world with alot of pvp hot spots and features. 90% of the negative reviews of this game are from care bears that cry when they lose pixels. The game is grind based but in a very logic way and the speed is all up to the player and how well they can multitask on a situation.  The naval system in the game is my favorite feature. No risk no reward mentality. People say the game is dead but in the hours i have played this is not the case. Anytime i wanted pvp it was there. World is open enough for the scaredies to hide and grind up pve solo, but i recommend joining a clan in the game right off the bat as it will greatly increase your prowess gain and fun level. The community is friendly to new players but like any game there are bad apples. i give the darkfall community 8 out of 10. If your interested i say get it and give it to about 50k prowess to say if you think its dead/boring pvp/not fun."
76561198048482627,Not Recommended,227400,15891699,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,zapped2020,"I'll be gone after this week, I had a six month subscription I paid for back in Nov 2014 & I've watch this thing get worst and worst."
76561197987364162,Recommended,227400,11111012,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Bolognapwny,This game is the hardcore fantasy ride you have been waiting for... It is by far an underated jewl that you will find yourself calling in sick to play those first couple of months!
76561198063789452,Recommended,227400,12224925,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Rabid,"I'd give DFUW a rating of 8/10 but that being said this is my favorite game and there just isn't any better for full loot PvP/sandbox gaming.I've had an active sub for 2 months. I was inactive for the first 2 weeks due to computer issues. I've made it to 125k prowess and I feel strong. Its enough to max 3 weapon skills, my boosters in strength and dex, my base stats to 100str, 100dex, 70int, 80wis, 2 ults, a handful of leveled spells, and 2 crafting masteries. I'd say the key to get to where I am is to find at least one other solid player that you can farm with alot. Having a farming friend makes the spawns trigger faster, makes kills faster, and gives you a buddy to help you to your feet when you get knocked to the ground. Each of you pick a few different crafting skills to train (as this gives you self made gear whenever you want it, and also prowess) and trade each other for the things you need. Either way, the key is to have at least one trustworthy buddy to go farm with. Its also a decent way to make friends and get invited into a clan.Running into other players:I typically run into 3-12 instances of seeing other players doing♥♥♥♥♥♥per day I play. Requisitions, farming mobs, sea scrapping, etc (although its not uncommon for me to spot you, then slink off sneaky-like and get away) ((makes me wonder how many times I had unseen eyes looking me over)) keep in mind my playtime ranges from 3-10 hours per day depending on work and other IRL factors.Status of the player base:I see tons of new players joining. Near starting zones I see new players with less than 1k, less than 5k, and less than 20k (prowess) that I've never seen before running around (particularly Amurran, wolfland capital) *Note, Ork lands seemed fairly empty when I cruised through there. (a good place to start without alot of people killing you early on perhaps?)Not to mention that players that took breaks or quit return often. New content draws people back, as does free-play days. Especially after the release of DUELS, (Tradeable 30-day subscriptions players can buy from AV and then sell for gold or loot to players) which allow people with too little cash or unintentionally expired subscriptions a shot at re-subbing for free (well, about 70-90k gold average)Status of the community:Oh dear. Read through the forums and you'll find all sorts of...strongly expressed opinions. Unfortunately most of those strongly expressing their opinions are also closed-minded to other opinions. So, be prepared for alot of loud and ignorant rants/complaints. Some are valid sure, but sift through those at your own risk and judgement. Anyway, I've read through a bunch and my opinionated summary is as such:Darkfall is an ever changing game ran by an Indie and somewhat small time company called Adventurine. Its come a long way since Darkfall Online, DFUW's predecessor. AV hasn't always been the best with customer support but they're loads better now. People have always said AV doesn't listen to their customers well enough, but they have greatly improved. Keep in mind, that if you look through the forums you can find 100+ submissions for ""How to improve"" or ""How to fix"" things in darkfall. The trouble there is that there is 100+ posts! AND- reading through them myself, I saw many that were too poorly worded to follow fully, another handful that were terrible ideas (IMO), and another handful that I agree with but perhaps not the majority of players would, (or AV)SO! You have alot of ♥♥♥♥♥ing, about things that bother a few people. But to fix it, you'd♥♥♥♥♥♥off a bunch more, so AV's hands are tied in these issues. Keep this in mind if you dare to sift through those posts. If you care to comment on them, take the time to speak clearly and consider how it would fit in with the rest of the game.Dont be discouraged by these posts. And try and imagine from the content of the post, who the poster is. I see alot of rants that I'm assuming are just cry-hard kids. -- Not worth reading.A Short Story of my start:Start in Wolflands with my brother. Read a few guides, tested a few mob types, decided to wield greatswords. (whoops, IMO) Basically build for warrior type. Goals at this point are to get enough Rank Zero gear to not be naked, get spells like Vamp Strike, Power Attack, Barrage, Reinforce, Bandage so I can last longer (lots of damage buffs/lifesteal, some heals and a damage resist buff)Why goblins? -They drop all Rank 0 armor and weapons, arrows, gold, reagents to cast spells, potions, food and some teliportation tools like portal shards and runestones. Also, killing goblins satisfies 5 feats at the same time: Humanoid, goblinoid, creep, varmint, freak feats, for lots of bonus prowess per kill once feats are complete (((Do not focus mastery feats, focus habitual feats. Habituals are earnable weekly, some daily, for bonus prowess for completing the habitual feat requirement. Focusing habituals will get you all your master feats in due time, its very time efficient)))(@ 5k prowess)Trouble is, goblins got boring and easy by the time I finished goblinoids and humanoids. So, I moved on to Gnolls, which drop way better. Avoid Gnoll vilegaunt/butcher spawns till 40k+ prow or with a friend or two. However the Gnoll shaman, tribesman, and fighters are all relatively easy and again they drop pretty sweet. (Coal, Rawhide, up to 3 piles of gold, teleport stuff, pots, plus all Rank Zero stuff) These classes of gnolls can be attempted almost at any prowess level, but I do recommend goblins first.Then, it was on to Elementals. (I was 20k my brother 40k prowess)Elementals, Ice, Earth, Air, and Fire -- all have their own feat plus the master elemental feat which all elementals count for. Ice, Earth, And air are all doable at 20k+ prow with a friend. Disclaimer- Elementals shrug off elemental magic, so mages are gonna have a unprofitable time casting spell after spell for little effect. Also, elementals hit hard with their spells and comparatively soft with their melee. Mages should consider equipping a shield and a favorite 1 handed weapon at this point and maxing that skill for elementals (and in general)At this stage I was 40k prowess, and I started looking hungrily at the bigger gnolls. I'd already considered them best loot for easy kills/low prowess, and those big ones dropped much nicer and even expensive things! So, after buying more skills, upping their levels, and etc, My brother and I moved to Gnoll Vilegaunt spawns. Those ♥♥♥♥ers will be tough at first, so bring a friend or two. Their drops are great enough I still farm them as my favorite mobs (there are spawns that spawn Gnoll tribesman, shaman, fighter, butcher and vilegaunts, with an additional vilegaunt/butcher spawn ON TOP OF the 5-pack spawn, so lots of the tough guys often = fast loot when you can kill em all) Also, I should add that mobs can hit each other, so make them do that alot and crouch behind cover to avoid arrows (big mobs in your face count as cover from the ones behind them, they'll shoot their buddies while trying to hit you)I killed a handful of other mob types, (look up the troll dungeon for more easy prow with decent loot (but a decent chance to run into other people) I wont tell you my full story with every mob I've killed in detail but I can say -- look at the PvE feats and target some mobs that have good rewards. There are guides elsewhere that breakdown their ease-of-kill and drops. Read those if you want more info than this long♥♥♥♥♥post.Making Friends:So, the best thing you can have in DF is a buddy! I've stated so already, you'll grow super slow solo. How to make friends? Well, there is the recruitment sections, you could try that, or invite friends to play darkfall, or... Go knock people over! But, instead of ganking them and looting their grave, Revive them and invite them to farm or hang out."
76561198002403505,Recommended,227400,9354775,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Bullrott,"Darkfall Unholy Wars review from a new player (started playing beginning of Feb 2014):The main purpose of this review is to help you determine whether or not darkfall is for you, as I understand this game is not for everyone. Will YOU enjoy it? Read below and find out!First of all, you need to understand Darkfall is a pure HARDCORE PVP game.Apart from the starting/safe zones. you can attack anyone / anytime / anywhere (even party members and guildies!)When you kill a player, you can loot anything that is currently on him (BUT items deposited in banks are safe).That being said, in order to enjoy this game you need to:1. Love PVP in its most cruel & hardcore form2. Love world PVP as there are no BG's or arenas.3. Join a guild (a clan) as roaming alone will get you nowhere (at first). Only by joining a clan you will understand the true purpose of the game.4. Be ready to do a bit of grinding in order to level (acquire prowess) - being in a clan will help you become PVP ready much faster as guildies can help you with feats/lend you fishing trawlers (to powerlevel)/and provide you with tips and better understand of the game.5. Rebind you keys to your liking.6. Get over the odd interface.IF your focus is PVE or questing or if you dislike PVP or are a very casual player or a loner by all mean stay away from this game!Do I personally enjoy the game? Here's my experience:I started playing this game about a month ago. The first time I logged on I was a bit turned off by the controls and the interface. With proper keybinding I was able to get over this. I then started doing a bit of reading in order to understand better the game and learned how to build my caracther (a skirmisher). I then started gathering prowess by all possible means (mobs grinding & skinning, gathering, crafting, explorations, prowess monolith, feats, etc...)At this point I was getting more confortable with the game and felt it was time for me to start PVPing. I tried roaming around the world by myself but without success. Either i'd meet over geared player and would get crushed or I would simply not find anyone to fight...Until I joined a clan (Zerg), got summoned to my clan keep, hoped on Teamspeak... and started raiding other clan keeps!I can now say that I'm truly having a blast playing Darkfall, as nothing beats the feeling of running around with a dozen guidlies / traveling by boats in order to lay an attack on other clans.I still have a lot to discover & understand but so far as a PVPer by heart I'm really enjoying this game.SUMMARY:This game is great IF you enjoy HARCORE WOLD PVP and if you are ready to take the time to understand the game, join a clan and farm/grind a bit in order to become pvp ready (you'lll need around 15k-30k prowess, which is easily attainable within a week or two with proper clan support - lots of clans are currently recruiting new players - ie: Zerg clan). Trawling (fishing on a boat is for example a very fast way to gain prowess, but beware of pirates!).I hope you will find this review helpefull, hope to see you in game,Bull Rott"
76561197999754771,Recommended,227400,11040408,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Uncle Carl,Great game. Very fun premise and a support staff who seems to care not only about their product but their audience as well.
,Recommended,227400,15102408,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Blizzy,The game is like none other. Really fun rewarding game (tons of practice and massive time sink). Community is like cancer which was described in another review is dead on the money. Population is too low to fully enjoy the game. The company has come a long way from the awful launch. Im afraid it is a little too late for most. They lost the fan base which makes it ultimately a really fun game that no one plays. Maby one day when it becomes f2p it will be resurrected.
,Recommended,227400,9003386,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Alex The Fi3nd,Darkfall Unholy Wars is a game where it gets bad press from people who put a couple hours into it and then try to judge a book by only reading the first 10 pages. Some people might be able to judge but most can't. This game is something that can be for everyone from Roleplayers to hardcore PVPERs to PVERs and crafters! The Casuals also can grind to pvp viable in two or three weeks easily compared Darkfall 1 it would take normally 6 or so months to grind to be viable. Its got safe zones for the new guys to get a feel for the game and outside of those safes it all or nothing. It gives me that feeling that UO use to give me while farming material out in the wilderness or solo pvping. Each Class is viable and you be worth it in any group. Tonight after about 120 hours we did our first pirate run and ran into a kraken which sunk are boat. While even just traveling I gained prowess due to the awesome feats that they have ingame! It does have adventures that most story games can't match due to open ability of what you can do!
,Recommended,227400,17943632,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Mowday2.0,Fun game.Not for the weak.The Graphics are good would not say it will blow you away but you dont need graphics when you have over 200 ppl on screen all fighting.Love playing it did not like it at first but one's you get in to it if fun as hell.Lots of stuff to craft and things to doI enjoyed it heaps and meet lost off ppl playing it.The sad side is the ping for Aussies is like 220-300 at max on NA server so you can still play and pvp but not to the bestAND IT SUCKS TRYING TO FIND A GUILD/CLAN =(9/10 would play more with an aussie server
76561198004259236,Recommended,227400,7889442,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,tangentaloak,"Having played the first Dark Fall....I have to say that they did improve the game, it is much more playable now. The UI is better (could be better still), the controls are a bit odd but they can be customized if you want. The character class system seems to make the game a bit more interesting than the first DF had.The game/world still feels fairly empty. But everything is easier to get than before in terms of materials, crafting, weapons & armor. I think they realized that the first DF was a rediculous grind for skills and an empty landscape and they HAVE improved that quite a bit. You still need to be able to make your own fun though, and if you are a quester then this game is not for you. If you like crafting, boating, open world pvp and killing your fellow player for all of their loot...then you might enjoy the game quite a bit."
,Recommended,227400,883621,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Aids McGuff,"This game is great, it is completely worth the money. With the new changes you get more freedom to play how you want. The UI can be hard to get used to, but it just takes some practice. There's more resources to help new players: a mentoring program, a help chat, and website resources. If you like to grind, craft, pvp, and explore, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,227400,13011784,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Anythings Possumable,"A huge world with a full loot mechanic and the ability to kill anyone and anything at any time outside of safe zones. Its basicly a giant sandbox meaning you can just start doing whatever you feel like from the start. You can start harvesting reasources or killing mobs. One thing to note is this game has no experience bar or levels but instead has a system that uses Prowess which basicly resembles experience but instead of traditional mmorpg games, prowess is used to increase everything from your mining speed, stats and basicly anything you can think of involving character progression. It takes about a week or so before you are ready to pvp. You have a few ways of fighting in this game as well, you can be a warrior that uses melee or a brawler that uses speed, agility and lighter armor than a warrior but who also uses daggers. Or an archer, elementalist or a primalist. Since they removed classes in this game you now have the ability to mix and mash any of these and more that you like so the one character restriction limit they enforce upon you doesn't really matter because of this. If your looking for a giant sandboxy hardcore themed mmo with full loot and have some friends to join you then this game is probably worth a shot with the $15 price tag. If you are someone who gets really attached to items or plans on going solo then your chances of enjoying this game are a bit lower since this game is heavily group oriented. This doesn't mean you can't play alone though it will just take longer to earn prowess, upgrade your character and you have the risk of being overwhelmed by groups of players. Its quite rare to find games like these and the only ones I have found in the past few years have been this and Mortal Online so everyone has limited options/"
,Recommended,227400,13079540,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Idkrawr,"Small community, few bugs though game is old, long early game with a very long grind to become pvp ready... everything is about killing x amound of a mob to start... game is fairly indie which makes it fun to play like fps style skillshots for spells and archery... map is fairly huge, and theres always lots to do. Good luck!"
,Not Recommended,227400,31136566,Posted: 14 April,all,Gatau,dead game
76561198012653189,Not Recommended,227400,23891175,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kremlin,game's dead lol
,Recommended,227400,10986817,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ferment,very indepth system for rewarding player cooperation
76561198063403128,Recommended,227400,11320299,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Chief Longbone,"This game is AMAZING. It's  the playstyle ive been searching for. Massive open world, AWESOME community, and EPIC fights. This game is more PVP based but there is still some PVE for those who love that aspect of games. The game is kind of difficult to grasp at the start but they have a GREAT mentoring system implemented which makes learning to play the game SOOO much easier and once you get the hang of the game, get with a good clan, and make some friends your set to have on hell of a time playing this game. My Favorite features are the ship battles. I love to go out and sail for an hour or so with some clan mates and sink other people's ships. You can really do anything you want with almost no limitations. I used to hop around from game to game and so far this has been the only one to keep my attention since DAYZ. Also, every weekend there are special events put in the game. One of the things ive come to like about the game is that the devs ACTUALLY LISTEN to what the community wants and is constantly improving the game. IT IS A MUST HAVE!"
,Recommended,227400,7903020,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Desnei,Not far into the game but it's quite promising. :)
,Recommended,227400,18788276,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Whaaaa!?,"These top rated reviews... makes me wonder if they even played the game aside from sitting in a clan/alliance base tapping nodes.I played around with a lot in this game myself and honestly, it wasn't so bad. i'll agree that the devs move things at a fairly slow pace, but eh this game is what it is. and that's a PvP focused MMO. if you're going to complain about it you obviously didn't do enough research. It does offer more than just PvP but your main focus should be looking for an established and well coordinated clan/alliance to keep you company and hopefully teach you the ropes of the game. The game won't truely start until you've found a group of people to wander with.EXPECT to get ganked. it's an open PvP game with no real punishment as far as i'm aware.One of the reviews i happened upon mentioned that the crafting system was ""so convoluted and over complicated it makes no sense."" he/she obviously didn't spend more than 2 seconds around it. it's a fairly simple system... it's as simple as just going to the appropriate workbench with the tier of material you want to use and making the appropriate gear with that material.Overall my personal opinion of DarkFall: Unholy Wars would be somewhere around 6-8/10 depending on how salty i am from my last gankfest. The graphics are decent for the type of game and its age. Gameplay is meh, could definitely be improved upon. not a huge fan of the skill system but it works. The fact that getting yourself into a big clan/alliance is almost required to see a large portion of the game is kind of a downer but it adds a need for being a social person within the game. Last i checked you were limited one character per server per account, so if you made a name for yourself in a negative way players would crack down on you, or just straight out shun you so the game on its own didn't really have a penalty but the players sure acted as one.fun game though, worth sub if you have the money to spare."
76561198025521987,Recommended,227400,8213760,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,HarukaDxD,This game is amazing
,Recommended,227400,8308255,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Silent Widowmaker,"RPG style strategy, are the recipe for a truly epic, exciting and adrenaline-charged experience."
76561197985431102,Recommended,227400,8103020,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,oxrock LFT,If you're looking for a skill based pvp mmo with full loot then you'd be hard pressed to find something better than darkfall unholy wars. The game is unpolished with many features yet to be properly implemented unfortunately but they continue to work and improve the game while tending to our need for carnage. The prowess system is unique and rewarding. I enjoy the leveless system where you invest in areas where you're interested in and not through any preconfigured crap they force you into. The ability to be any class you choose and eliminating the need for alts is also a system that I wish other games would implement.
,Recommended,227400,7831627,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Aurelius Augustus,Absolute great game. Love it. Join a clan as soon as possible (Imperium represent!www.imperium-uw.com)and get help and advice on how to get started from your clannies.
76561198010275244,Recommended,227400,2633216,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,LordRatchet,best pvp game out BUY IT
,Recommended,227400,13859749,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,AnonMS,"This is a game about stuff. The stuff you have everyone wants, and they'll murder you for it. The stuff everyone else has you want, and you'll murder them for it. The more stuff you have the better. 10/10 would stuff again."
,Recommended,227400,7946120,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,R41D3NZ,almost zero PvEplayer driven maps with large scale open world PvPyou can♥♥♥♥♥♥and loot other players
76561198085862068,Recommended,227400,14284302,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mellow Money Mike,"Okay I will start of by saying this is EASILY one of the best MMORPGs I have ever played... I've played everything from Runescape, World of Warcraft, Ultima Online, Guild Wars 1 & 2; you get the point.  With that being said I'd have to say my top 3 were Runescape, World of Warcraft, and Ultima Online as my number one favorite.  If you have ever played Ultima Online or Runescape you will feel the nostalgia almost immediately.  This is definitely a 3d version of these games with amazing graphics and much more.  I see a lot of the negative reviews about this game and it is kind of disappointing because a lot of them didn't really even give the game a chance... some only having half an hour on account.. I see a lot of complaints about the user interface etc.  But isn't a game more about gameplay? I mean 2 of my all time favorite games had very sh*tty graphics...  I won't deny the fact that the user interface could be a LITTLE better and the game still has few flaws but I mean every game is going to have issues, it doesn't matter what it is.  If you thoroughly enjoy PvP in games and hell even some good PvE this is definitely the game for you...  Some of the mechanics in this game are some that I have never seen before such as player owned cities, hamlets, villages, sea towers, housing and so on..  I've never played a game where you could fight other boats, destroy them, and then take the fight to the water to fight to the death.  This is definitely one of the most exhilerating PvP games I've ever played and I get an adrenaline rush from time to time.. If you try the game you'd understand.  This is a full-loot game where you lose all of your items when you die but don't let that scare you because there are safe zones, banks, and so on.  I won't deny the fact that this game is a little tricky to get used to but if you give the game a chance and actually try to learn it with an honest effort, I can promise that anyone willing to do that would not regret it.  My best advice to anyone reading this review would be to give the game a shot and find some players willing to help in game because there are plenty of them willing to help newbs learn the ropes, myself included.  I'll end this review by saying don't let the full-loot scare you away because there are ways around it and you can farm in safe zones in order to build yourself a nice little bank before you're ready to get into the actual game.  Give'r a whirl, take it from someone who actually has a lot of hours on the game :) hope to see some more newbs!"
,Not Recommended,227400,224590,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"This game has no content. The only things to do are PVP, Crafting, or kill monsters. The safe zones are gigantic, meaning everybody stays in the safe zones to craft better gear before heading out. Which means there is literally no pvp going on. I have been wandering around the game world outside of the safe zone for the past 3 hours of real time and I have yet to see a single other person. I can fight monsters, but those only spawn from specific monster spawners, and never leave their camps. Meaning 80% of the game world is empty space, which sucks because the game world is ♥♥♥♥ING ENORMOUS. In that 3 hours I've made it from one coast to another, but still not a single person. Why don't you craft then pothead? Believe me, crafting is why I bought the game. Too bad the gathering boils down to, point at this resource node, click 1 time, now afk for 15 minutes. The making items crafting is just as tedious and boring. Queue up a bunch of stuff, click once, come back in 5 minutes. That also makes it frustrating because I have no attachment to any of the gear I have acquired so far. I didn't have to really ""do anything"" to get it, so I don't really care if somebody kills me and takes it. Hell at this point I'd enjoy the human interaction. This game wants to be Ultima Online, but with a development team 48 strong, that is as likely to happen as aliens are to crown me emperor of earth. I don't wish any ill will to AV, but when you release an mmo you have to come correct. You cannot release something that is 10 steps backwords from the prequel to the game you are releasing. Always Moving Forward should be every game developers motto.This was written almost a year go right after release, so I have no idea on the current state of the game, if it even exists as such."
,Not Recommended,227400,9059753,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Khraze,"Everyone has thier own opinion about this game but here is mine.This game is simply crap. I feel like flicking myself in the nuts repeatedly would be more enjoyable then putting up with this poor excuse of a game. Don't get conned into buying this game by the small fanboy base that babysits these threads. The game is dying and the population is dwindling, so the small base that are clinging to the hope of this game spend more time trying to get people to play it then they do playing it.I was a darkfall 1 veteran for a long time and really enjoyed what it was. There was a major downside to it though which was a lack of a company developing it. I put up with the company that owns both of these titles Aventurine for a very long time and they are GARBAGE. There are promises of patches and updates and things to come, but they never do. This is not just a darkfall 1 problem but dfuw is plagued by the same issue. The population is dying because the game becomes stagnat. They are attempting to run promotions to bring the player base back a little bit but it simply is ineffective. There will be a small surge in players some more money in thier pockets like they always are after, and then people will be bored in a month and it will be dead again.The game is also plagued by exploiters and people doing whatever they can to get ahead. Joining the game you will have to remember that you will never be on a even playing ground as the people before you. A major key role in that is the fact people found glitches to dupe off the start, and people are hording a huge amount of the income and properties in the game.The pvp in the game is lackluster. The game is far from being balanced and people tend to go towards certain specs in the game and abuse that fact. It becomes very mechanical and loses a lot of the pizzazz that it starts off with. Most of the time in dfuw its chasing people to safe zones where they can sit there and you can't lay a finger on them.If you are into pve then this game is simply not for you. Unless you enjoy fighting the same handful of creatures with different skins and never really being challenged. There isn't much else to say then that. It has simply no depth.The crafting system in this game I admit is fairly well put together and you can feel accomplished making all sorts of things with it. The major downside to it would be the fact it will take you months of staring at a stone or tree and afking while hitting it to get there. O did I add when you get there you have to look forward to the same boring stuff.Summary, the first darkfall was a unpolished gem that could have gone somewhere with a good revamp. Unfortunatly the way they went about DFUW with the revamp was not the right direction. BOTH games are lack luster and have failed to hold a player base. The company simply has no passion for thier game at all and thats the cold hard truth. You can probably get a few kicks out of it and some hours of fun but you will get bored and feel like your time has been wasted. The whole ideal behind the game is great but the execution was poor. Beware of the people trying to mislead you to keep this trash game going.TL:DR  Dont buy it"
,Recommended,227400,6458374,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,GREEN MAN,"if you like pvp this game is for you. Massive world, awesome mobs, medevilesce time period oh and this is hardcore baby. there is no babying here when you die you loose everything on you why?????because ♥♥♥♥ you thats why!!!!!   Full loot PVP, seiges (your clan can own castles and towns and others can take it over) pirateing and much more to be coming out! all in all a very good game for the strong willed hope to gank you soon ;3"
76561198032619308,Recommended,227400,13260680,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Staggy,Very hard to get into. If you find a good clan and a group of helpfull good players its a much better game. Mixture of Mortal Online and Runescape not for everyone :P
,Recommended,227400,13636843,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,amd1044,"Darkfall is a 'better' concept for an MMO.  Where gear is very important, but expendable.  It's just a matter of time, you will have to replace everything eventually no matter your playstyle.  The crafting system is amazing, the depth to character customization is endless.  This game is not fun for solo play, by all means, it's solo playable, except for the pvp element.  Join a clan, contribute, let them help you, listen to them, and you will have the time of your life.  There's so much to learn and explore, so many skills you didn't even know were in the game unless you just sit down and read through them.  Yes if someone ganks you they're going to loot you, big deal, you've got more in the bank, and if you don't, your guild / mentor will hook you up with another set."
76561198082840166,Recommended,227400,17931583,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,riles656,"This game does not deserve the poor reviews that people give it. This game is an amazing RPG. True, it takes time to level up your crafting and rake in the prowes to be a bamf, but what game other that wow just gives you strength to be awesome and tells you to go enjoy the world? This game is difficult. If you play it like a pay-2-win game, you will die.......a lot. There is no level sistem for you to look at. Theres only ""Hmm, am I strong enough to take that creature.....nope I'm dead. Guess not."" All about the grind. Dangerous world. Dangerous mobs. Dangerous players. But you have a greatsword so who cares about them. Get out there and start hacking."
76561198042755799,Recommended,227400,9349813,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,JDap,"This game was some of the best times of my life, the only thing stopping me from playing it is the $15 a month because I cant afford it."
,Recommended,227400,11284772,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Steelblade,"DarkShouldOfWentF2PFall Unholy Wars Is Much Better Than it's Earlier version ""DarkShouldofWentF2PToBeginWithFall"""
,Recommended,227400,10940238,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Venom,"Kinda like old Ultima Online back in the days before Tramell. I love this game. If you give it a chance and learn the UI you will have a hard time going back to any other MMO. You die A LOT, but you can easily craft replacement weapons and armor so it is no biggy. Give it a shot poeple, it is awesome. Get in a clan quickly."
76561198116249211,Recommended,227400,11015700,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,harvester of souls,The true skyrim online
,Recommended,227400,8804942,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,_@fterp@rty,"Pretty decent game, It's definitely got a ways to go. Not the best mmo, but one of the few that offers this type of pvp."
76561197966615081,Recommended,227400,8619174,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,[TNL] Jiggly,YEAH!
,Not Recommended,227400,20764056,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Trezisc,"Played this game for a little while nice game, however the population is too low for it to be enjoyable"
,Not Recommended,227400,8643742,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,PseudoMoot,"for 40 bucks and a 15/mo continuing fee i cannot recommend even trying this game.   character selcetion- the different races are all the same barring some face differences and skin colors they are identicle in every way.there is NO guidence, most other players are opportunists and not much help either as they can (in most areas) kill you and take your stuff which they always do.new players are left franticly googling for help and end up grinding the only safe zone dungeon from crubs.  while there may be some bad♥♥♥♥♥something somewhere under all this i dont feel like wasting months grinding in a game that already costs to much.this game should be free to play, its that simple."
,Not Recommended,227400,21430566,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,ConnorJamesDrake,"Incredibly disappointed in my return.Darkfall is an incredible game ruined by terrible support.I played way back when Darkfall first came out, before Unholy Wars. Loved the game, but was majorly turned off by Adventurine.Then I returned with Unholy Wars to see if anything had changed. The game felt downgraded, and Adventurine was just as bad as ever.I recently resubbed to try it again because I had such fond memories of the initial game, but had a terrible experience with Adventurine right out the gate, including a lie or two to make themselves look better. Some things never change."
,Recommended,227400,15922940,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,dolphinwigs,"I played this game for my free 30 days when I bought it when it first came out.   It was OK.  I would play it again if the subscription fee is removed.   Most I'd be willing to pay for this for a subscription if the developers won't remove it (at this time.  All MMO subscription games of this level end up free eventually.  This isn't a WoW or Elder Scrolls Online quality  type of game.) is $5 a month, maybe.  I would prefer a setup like Guild Wars 2 has.  They make tons of dough because all their Cash Shop stuff is the type of stuff that people want (example: Expanded storage space, mounts, skins, etc...).  There is no pay to play or pay to win philosophy with GW2.  No having to pay to continue once you reach a certain point (I'm not saying that Darkfall UW has any of these).    A decent cash shop is more than enough to keep a game profitable.  This game seems like a great game from the month I played, but like I said before it isn't worth a subscription fee.P.S. Games with VIP subscriptions only, that give your character extra stuff all the time, boosts your EXP, let's you buy property in the game, or gives you in-game money to buy stuff ever week or whatever is also a bad model.  It unbalances the entire game play between players.I'd give this a sideways thumb, but since I can't, I'll give it a thumbs up because it is a decent game.  If you're willing to pay the subscription fee then go for it."
,Recommended,227400,16819002,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,EricksonDrake | エリクソン・ドレイク,"Darkfall is by far the BEST MMO I have ever had the privilege to play.First: the combat is unlike anything i've experienced in any other game. You are not limited by your prowess or gear in this game, it is purely based off of skill. You have to manually aim everything for PVP and PVE, you also have 3 different stats to maintain during a fight. Health ,Stamina and Mana, if you are to run out of one of these three stats you can transfer from another stat into it. Stam to Health,  Health to Mana and Mana to Stam. Run out of them and you are pretty much dead.Second: Community, if you are good, people will know. The servers are small so it is easier to make a name for yourself. But with that said, people may focus you or your clan mates due to how you play. Playstyles such as 5A.M blowing people sh!t up isn't cool, so generally people will go figure out who did it and then go blow your sh!t up.Third: Open world, back to PVP there are 4 different safe zones on the map, other than that everywhere else you can be killed and any item that you currently have on your person can be looted. Another thing is sieges, anyone can go to a siege regardless of what clan you are in. People who do this generally help the clan they hate the least in this situation but also remain hostile to them."
76561198004401509,Recommended,227400,11391110,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Chuck Norris,"This game is FUN!This is a skill-based game, so it will be a tough start, but eventually you'll get the hang of the game and things start to get very interesting and fun! lots of fun :DMake or buy some nice gear and travel the awesome place on the hunt for loot and fights. You WILL get killed, you WILL get robbed, but you will also get smarter and better in the process.If u dont like pvp, then it's not for u...if you do then u should try this asap!"
,Recommended,227400,11292292,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Shizznitskii,Its ♥♥♥♥in Darkfall. Play this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,227400,11456737,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Xtibian,its super sweet
,Recommended,227400,10275345,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,ToTo - Africa,"This is a great game if you don't mind losing your gear a lot. Its going to happen, but you will be able to get your crafting level  up and craft your own gear! There's more but you should play it."
76561197970983661,Recommended,227400,12370260,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ausspika,"Umm free weekend to play but steam just wants to take my money to set up a new subscrition, I had this and lost track of time so in the first 30 days i barely played it, now I would like to take advantage of the free weekend supposedly happening but cant seem to do that.. oh well ... too many good mmos to play these days anyway, would really like to try it annoyed at myself i didnt get on more in the first month but not sure i want to pay for it , again , just to sample .."
,Recommended,227400,10490066,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Logic.Tani,More interesting than WoW. So its pretty good
76561198068962651,Not Recommended,227400,8727076,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Dungeon Rogue,This game is horrendous with a massive grind to boot. The company that runs the game are incompetant and lie to the players about updates etc.Avoid at all costs!!
,Recommended,227400,14258689,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,skeletorD,"I enjoy the game, the feat system that they use are very similar to achievement points - but you use the points you get through feats to buy abilities/stat-upgrades. Many of these are kill x mobs, gather x. Most like any other MMO.There isn't any tutorial in the game, you spawn right into the world clueless, that's a negative. But on the flip side, you get a ""mentor"", a veteran of the game who guides and help you see the ropes. Do not stop playing the game until you've talked to your mentor, if he is inactive/afk a lot - request a new one.The game is all about the PvP and the adrenaline is great, its a bit clunky movement wise - but overall if you like FPS games like Quake and that sort of things the game is great.Do note that you will have to do a quite a lot of feats before you get PvP-compatible and have enough skills to not feel like you're a meatshield.Overall, recommend the game to anyone who is seriously looking for a MMO-sandbox game with heavy PvP-aspects. There isn't any other game out there that does the same thing, i've previously played a lot of DayZ, H1Z1 and Rust. This game takes it to the next level introducing teamplay, clans and overall a huge world."
,Recommended,227400,13003293,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,9mm,"This game is really cool, but it keeps getting changed. I'm not investing money in something that is just going to be taken away from me. That's taking more than just what I am paying for with a subscription, it's also taking my time investment. You guys needed to tell me that this was free to play all last week. Thanks for nuthin. Let me know when it's f2p or you stop killing everyones characters to make it into a different game and then change it back just to make everyone regrind everything again."
,Recommended,227400,10195950,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,[TouchYou] RinkBobDinkBobTinkBob,"https://www.dropbox.com/s/mjvvldgt41ruzqu/Screenshot%202014-05-16%2003.08.57.pngGame development has lied over and over and supports people who use bots on multiple accounts.Get your money back while you can. unless you enjoy rampant hacks dont play this game.I spent a long time playing this game hoping the devs would actually do what they said they would. I ended up just wasting money and time. They side with people who use bots and ruin the economy, making excuses for them even though its a violation of their Terms of Service."
76561198075711223,Recommended,227400,16624102,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Burgha,"I had much fun with this game when I bought it(right after the realese)Everyone should play it at least for 2 months, so they can have same kind of fun I had."
76561198006462324,Recommended,227400,13876688,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,FingerHand,one of the best pvp GAMES out there! its like drugs if  u played this game once you will come back sooner  or later.(
76561198008362119,Recommended,227400,12072842,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Boytoylive | Twitch,Its an amazing game!
76561198008254029,Recommended,227400,14615375,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,DirtyRice,I like it for the PVP
,Recommended,227400,4128056,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Vu,cool
76561197982988705,Recommended,227400,15577318,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Sweetmoe,"Was pretty cool, tried it while it was free. Plan on buying full version and having a blast."
76561198105209471,Recommended,227400,23185962,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,King Charles,"I play this game not through steam so I have no hours. However i have 460k Prowess and a huge bank full of loot. This is BY FAR > THE < >BEST< PvP game you will ever play.Its hard as ♥♥♥♥ at first but If you perciver you will genuinely be so pleased with the game play.Everytime I stop playing and come back after an Open world random pvp encounter I am shaking from adrenaline.This is an addictive game.To make it easy on yourself:BE SocialJoin a ClanEnjoy the Global Trolling (its just a bit of tough love, no offense meant)Be OK with dying a lot, theres plenty of gear out there for everyone"
76561198013155706,Recommended,227400,13593944,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Cybernetic Penguin,You can magically summon a white tiger and ride around on it.10/10
,Not Recommended,227400,12975416,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Project_X-593,"I picked up Darkfall hoping to find a new hardcore pvp MMO like EVE Online, but left disappointed. The game just feels unfinished when compared to other games out there. The graphics are dated and ugly. Poorly textured boulders jut out like sore thumbs across a bland landscape and player characters look barely better than the vanilla WoW models. The starter towns I visited felt like ghost towns with about 10 or so NPCs scattered around a huge area where you'd be lucky to see a single player. Progress in the game is made by mindless grinding for kills and what are essentially achievements. Gathering resources is similar to EVE, where resource nodes are easy to find but time consuming to gather from. I never left the starting area since I was sure I'd be instantly killed by a higher level player within minutes and lose everything on me.Even though I didn't spend much time with this game, I'd strongly recommend anyone considering buying it to look elsewhere unless you have ridiculous amounts of time to waste on a game that simply wants to suck away your time with mindless grinding before you can have any actual fun."
,Recommended,227400,22039379,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Vic,"To all new players who buy the game, if you are not sure what to do feel free to add me and I will talk you through. This is an amazing skill based game and second to none in the market when it comes to pretty much all aspects such as PVP, PVE and crafting. This game is not as good as its predesesor but its still the best game currently out there (full aiming control over where I shoot my spells or arrows as well as building player cities online in a single seamless map (no load screens - except if you teleport or enter a dungeon (fair enough)) is simply awesome and cannot be found anywere else. Yes the game has less that ideal population but by giving it a go and speaking to more experiences players so that you dont quit after a day will only help solve the problem."
,Not Recommended,227400,7943159,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,NiftyJeffG,"While the concept of this game is great, this is a poorly executed version of it.  Apparently the PvP is amazing, but it takes several days of pointless grinding to get to the point where a character can even hope to be slightly effective in PvP.  Definitely not worth the price tag or recurring charge"
76561198039483107,Not Recommended,227400,8439757,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sarkubocael,"Well i played around 7-8 days out of my initial 30 days investment, and id say i wasnt satisfied. But that might be cuz i played alot of mmorpg and im bored with most. This games requires alot of time sink in, alot of grinding, eaven the basic experience getting is buying a Trowler boat and going fishing for 3-12 hours a day, going afk leaving ur boat to fish with the risk of u getting killed because of afk. Either way u need alot of grinding before u can do anything, not manny people on european servers but if you join a good clan it can be fun. Overall the game has a big map, but the crafts are generic mostly same type of buw just differnt name an stats, not manny skills to choose from and while i didnt test out magic, mele is pretty shaby and lame and ranged is awesome and really good done. For me the game isnt worth the price. Its too repetitive and the item base is just too low."
,Recommended,227400,2809796,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,valeek,slit ittttt
76561197993511712,Recommended,227400,9076532,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Tastycake,"Overall, this game is fun simplistic but is one hell of a grind."
,Recommended,227400,2516185,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,BlackBrownie,Sweet game
76561198029550543,Recommended,227400,12365836,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,nikola,gg
76561198046417728,Recommended,227400,10618997,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Myspace,wyatt pay attention to me
,Not Recommended,227400,13769243,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mr. Rockatanksy,"Fun game but it's not worth the monthly fee.A one time purchase should be sufficient considering that this game is severely lacking in many departments.If it weren't for the monthly fee I'd still play, but I can't recomend shoveling money at this game monthly."
76561198036699983,Recommended,227400,18066627,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,McGavin,"Really odd game.  The pvp game seems great but the pve, gathering, and crafting system is total crap."
,Recommended,227400,14701300,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Phuzzylogic,"I played this game back before all of the patches. I stopped mainly because my clan had left for another game.However, What I can say about this game is it reminds me of the old Ultima Online. In a sense that you can loot who ever when ever and do what ever when ever you want.  This isn't some carebear game like World of Warcraft. If you are looking for a game like that, this one isn't for you.This is truely what you make of it. It's a SANDBOX game. If you don't know what that means... go back to carebear land."
76561198133073119,Not Recommended,227400,19209196,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,lizard.champ,"Almost the best game ever, but its run by a bunch of lazy slobs"
,Recommended,227400,15487334,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Koro,"It has been a year since I played. I'm glad that I gave the game a try. I did leave some guildies behind after trying the game for a month. Thanks Lord Oden if you ever read this! You may see 0.3 hours, but I've spent 100+ hours in this game off of Steam.I would play it again if I had people to play it with. I will warn you. This game is not for carebears (Staying in a safe zone all day). If you are afraid of losing everything, bank every time you can.Pros:-No levels! Everything is determined by prowess.-FULL LOOT PVP. (If you die, you lose everything.)-If you are a fan of PvP in the open-world, then this game is for you. You will be ganked quite often when questing. This game is not friendly towards the shy and the timid type of gamers.-Skill-based & Aim to Target.-Fun sieges. (Unlike in games like ArcheAge, sieges can last from 2 hours to 8 hours. Sometimes more.)-Love the crafting system.Cons:-Low population. (When I played last year in May, the population was medium. As updates & time goes by, the population has become low. NA-1's population is low while EU-1 is medium-high.)-Not enough direction. (When you start out, you aren't told much of what you can do. Recommended areas as well. A tip for all new players... go to the starter dungeon in your safe city. Farm your leather pelts. Finish those starter prowess quests.)-Ganked by those of higher prowess. (Some of the higher prowess guys do not care if you are new. They will just gank you anyway for your free stuffs.)"
76561197964962623,Not Recommended,227400,20876224,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,BDUB,"not enough people playing. lots of time invested to get started on a p2p game.. not worth the time.The game mechanics, and play type are awesome though. It is a shame that this game is so poorly managed. With more population, this game would be sweet."
76561198082612604,Not Recommended,227400,21727231,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Ginsgar,I can´t use my old DFUW account on steam it seems. Any1 know what to do?
76561198001916945,Recommended,227400,16693708,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,greenbean88,"This game is badass. I just wish it didnt take so much to run it. I get 8fps on my pc, but played it first on a friends pc."
,Not Recommended,227400,20980792,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,jeremyTbaggins,I dont
76561198160175075,Recommended,227400,12993052,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,unlimited skata sthn OTE,this game is not so bad ppls who say about the♥♥♥♥♥♥UI or♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay or lags or anything is so wrong today ok the game still liltle dumb i dont say but today these all the bugs and problemes has fixed patched or so my only prob is about the respawn i dont mind i will lose all items so i find a good clan with my country mens an other guys all helpfull and is NO1 clan with the more wins teritories houses and goods ppls with friendly partys so they give me armor weapons mounts in the start abou the quests some ppls is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ want everything ready in africa there is childs who die and ur cry about one game were the feat is the quest where u try to kill farm and get points to build your char and yes im too the one who i has lost in start a litle but i has funn with some retard ppls in chat say HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ TO PLAY ? dont be racist with the game guys and the last advice when u pay a sub in free week about 3-5 euros after this there is the duel as item to inscreace your lim sub so you guys when u play u will collect enough items golds to trade them with a duel so dont be silly with the retars who dislike it with the cost or any above i have said
,Recommended,227400,22791352,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Black-Ghost,just need alot of work in items system not everything is same and good toturial
76561198098840572,Recommended,227400,22168598,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,YouCantIgnoreMyGirth,its gud
76561198068927474,Recommended,227400,23291062,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Tsounami,nostalgia darkfall
76561197960881227,Not Recommended,227400,16102740,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Jsm,Quite possibly the worst game of all time. Save your time and money and look elsewhere
76561198162455576,Not Recommended,227400,13205223,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ragerokit,"I can't recommend this game. I found it strange and unengaging although it did feel like it ought to be fun it kind of grinds to a dead end when you finish most of the tasks. After that you have to go and do pvp I guess but thats not my style or at least there needs to be a better intro to pvp.  The auction house is broken because there is nothing you can afford as a new player, there are great buildings that are empty and all the shops are outside in the same format in every town. Crafting is cool but gear is dull and you need to save everyting but silly weight penalties stop you carrying it around above snails pace even in town to get to crafting areas. Harvesting system is silly various varieties of plants/trees/stone/ore all yield same materials so just go afk and while your character overburdens himself and then spend an hour crawling back to town. So easy to mix it up a bit and make it interesting to harvest different plants trees etc. Only thing I can say is I didn't get into the pvp so maybe that's my fault, not the game's and maybe that's the best bit...."
,Not Recommended,227400,15705063,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Nat,"Terrible. Don't be put off by my hours, I played at launch and a few months ago. They made this game and scrapped the original and far superior Darkfall Online. This game is garbage compared to that.Though if you never played Darkfall Online, you might like this!"
76561198009473447,Not Recommended,227400,15074638,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Elocke,"Character controls, strange UI, horrible community.  Only good aspect was the open world and skilling up by doing just about everything.  The game had potential but isn't worth the time or money."
76561197998465757,Not Recommended,227400,18815316,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,AngryNerdX,Everyone outside the safezone will kill and rob you. No thank you.
,Recommended,227400,17567828,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,JoBoken,wefdgsdgsdfgsdfgdsf
76561198081296833,Recommended,227400,25964404,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,grahamhancock9,GRIND
,Recommended,227400,23602737,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,chrissprance,I've been playing this game for a really long time. Beyond all it's faults it's still a lot of fun to come back to and play.
76561198025449852,Recommended,227400,12925129,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Vizadrin,"Thanks for this  game Steam. Non-target, open-world mmorpg, love it :)"
,Not Recommended,227400,16927536,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Enigmae,Aventurine is the reason that Greece is falling apart.
,Not Recommended,227400,14746105,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Senis,Two weeks were very joyfull until i opened my eyes to gameplay.
76561197983115676,Not Recommended,227400,17958439,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Excelus,"I bought this game 4 days ago. Loved pretty much everything about it. Was great the community members that were online were super helpful and nice.Then today I log into the game my ping jumps to 10k+ randomly..Then cant even get into the game anymore. Check the DF forums, cant post..try to register, Registering has been disabled..I really really wanted to play this game but it is just not possible to do so at the moment.Sorry guys, I wish it wasnt so."
,Not Recommended,227400,17690480,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Greasy Ol Black Fella,"Spend almst 20 hours learning the game, and farming recourses to build my own sweet sweet boat. Get on boat, finnaly. disconect. reconnect to see a guy hop on my boat and sail into the sunset. how he has my boat. -1/10 dude wheres my boat"
76561197971877162,Not Recommended,227400,8128609,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Asses of Fire,"My reccomendation depends on your gaming style. On the one hand, if you like open world pvp and killing other players to loot their gear then this game might be for you.  If you don't like to be ganked and lose all your crap then this isn't for you AT ALL.I played for about 7-8 hours before I was ganked and lost all my gear due to my keyboard/mouse breaking down.  I pretty much didn't want to play again because I had to craft all my gear over.  You start with nothing but basic equipement when you ressurect and have to hope that all the stuff in your bank can sustain you to the point where you dont have to farm ore or leather for an hour to craft some armor.  I've thought about giving this game another shot but paying 15 bucks a month for a pvp game that I'll get frustrated with doesn't appeal to meIn addition, if you like to grind enemy spawn points then by all means, this game will appeal to you.  If you don't like an mmo with zero storyline and where the mobs just spawn from a single point and you must spend hours a day farming prowess (xp) then avoid this title."
76561198009622454,Not Recommended,227400,8893366,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Bobbaloo,"If you want a new life instead of a game, this might work for you. I originally fell in love with the concept of this game during the beta years ago. I played it and completely hated the fact that isn't as skill based as they advertise. Its more time based. Its just super grindy. The community is one of the worst I've ever been a part. They had a great concept and great ideas. I just don't understand why they insist on making it so grindy. If they truly wanted a skill based PvP system, why not make it easier for players who have lives to get involved in the game? Its just kind of an odd production in general. The game died the first time around and this one is going to die in half the amount of time it seems. Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,227400,12919498,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,RagnarokDel,"Best game when it comes to PvP. It's a bit lacking in terms of PvE but that should change soon with additional content. I wish it was B2P or F2P, It would make gamer's life much easier with Steams awkward monthly payment management."
,Not Recommended,227400,10061212,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Grandpa DJ,"Just got done playing this for a second time. Great game in many respects, but two huge problems:1. Ifyou love full-loot open world PvP you are probably already playing. Game is a nightmare for new players since they will be constantly ganked by very experienced and much better geared players. As a noob in crappy gear, expect to die alot and not really have many options because of that.2. As a PvP game you would think cheating would simply not be allowed. The Banhammer is still selectively used, a point aggravated by the fact that the dev team plays the game and is part of a couple clans. These clans don't ever see the Banhammer.The world is beautiful. There is a lot to do. But unless you want to be constantly chased by 14-year olds calling you various things their mom doesn't allow, so they can take everything you just spent two hours grinding to get - pass."
76561198070716797,Recommended,227400,7975585,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,swiftdeath13,to much work getting started
,Not Recommended,227400,13035317,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,WarpOs [OT],"Iterface sucks a Lot!Not optimized for high resolutions, buttons will shrink to the point you can see them, and you can't already, cos its positioning is the worst possible."
76561198045453649,Not Recommended,227400,15008440,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,doskido,"Don't get me wrong: I actually really liked this game, and I played it for over 500 hours.But when I look back on it now, I want that full month of my life back.I'm not even going to waste my finger-strength on typing up why this game is so unforgiving and upsetting.Don't waste your life on this game."
,Not Recommended,227400,13955305,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Raptor85,"Where to even start with this game.... I'll have to do this in list format...Cons:1. User interface:  it's HORRIBLE, tiny icons requiring double clicks, inventory on giant screen-wrapping scroll bars, no feedback on anything, no lists (most things are 5-6 double-clicks deep in invisible menus). All around terribly designed, without any help it can take hours to figure out how to even get starte with it, which leads to point two...2. Manual/tutorials:  There is a new player manual you're linked to with getting started and skill guides on the main website, but they're for an older version of the game and none of the menus, skills, or really ANYTHING in the manual still exists!  There is also no more in-game tutorial so you're basicly tossed in full blind with bad menu's and no help.  The developers seem to have lost all interest in maintaining this game, it feels pretty dead in the water.3. Performance: This game has the visual quality of ut2004 yet still cant seem to maintain 60fps (barely 30 at times) on a 8 core, 16  gig ram, dual video card machine that could easily run skyrim on max settings on two screens....at the same time4. lack of players: in 3 days i stumbled across a whopping 3 people, from what i'm told apparently most people hide in guild towns and such outside of pvp events.5. GRIND: for a game that's supposed to be pvp-centric the first thing i was tossed into was finding  the very VERY sparse mob spawns kilometers from the starting city and grinding mobs endlessly to get stat points.  The AI is completley braindead and mobs all stay in a very small area around the spawn points, which are very far apart on the map.  It really feels like a pointless time sink just to punish new players implemented as it is, even world of warcraft has more fun pve than this, it's horrible.6. expensive: has one of the highest subscription costs of any current mmo.7. toxic chat: this is really to be expected in any online game but darkfall suffers from the same thing as UO, the only players left playing the game are the people that nobody wants to play with, so when you ask for help in chat you get almost nothing but troll answers and told to **** off and go play a different game.  I havent seen many games more toxic than this one.8. lack of decent profession skills outside the basic crafting/gathering/combat, that's it in the game right now, craft gather or fight, for something that origionally was supposed to bring back the feel of classic UO the lack of skills such as stealing, stealthing, tracking, lore, etc is incredible9. poor combat, fairly melee centric button-mash fest, pretty much just mash abilities in order because all they really do is change on-hit effects slightly.pros:1. full loot, sorta"
,Not Recommended,227400,26215642,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,THE GOAT OF GOATS,just unplayable
76561198033878096,Not Recommended,227400,13001131,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Goregasm,"Game is dead. I only tried it because it was on sale for $5 and I knew it would be a risk. It might be more lively later on, but just starting out the game is a very empty, boring world. Nobody is around to group with starting out. The crafting is uninspired and boring. No much customization even though it seems like there is. No loot, only crafting mats to craft a few teirs of boring gear."
,Not Recommended,227400,18310767,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Murica,"I have been paying the sub for at least a solid year in the hopes that i would eventually care enough to return to playing this game because i liked it's original concept and was a bit of a fan boy in general. The good news is the devs finally got this game to actually work. the bad news is that only 20 people actually cared by that point. Drop your cash on an early access title for the same price or try elite dangerous if you just want to have something intense to play. There is a free to play ios/android/pc game coming down the pipe that also strives to be an ultima online clone and it's far more promising than this without having a proud history of illegal practices.I should also mention that there is literally no way to contact ""support"" and if you changed your email since you subscribed you'll have to get a new card to be rid of this blight. Even if you do manage to get far enough along to try and cancle your account the massive volume of horror storries (ranging from outright fraud to other shady dealings) this company has put people through since launch are very valid and not just ""haters"" or ""made up"".DO NOT give these people your money and if you do make sure to do it through steam or you will not be able to cancle. Just being stuck paying for a game you don't play is literally a good outcome if you deal with aventurine directly. Think at&t and comcast try to make an ultima clone by joining forces and you have a hint of what you should be prepared for. Do keep in mind that even this comparison is generous because America at least has fake laws in place to ""protect the consumer"".I have kept tabs on this game since it was ""forumfall"" and continue to shake my head at what came about.tl:dr don't waste your money on a shady 3 year old iphone game and  if you do make sure you wear a rubber because the devs will just steal from your bank account without remorse."
76561197995729112,Not Recommended,227400,10224938,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Skrelk,"Although this game has potential, it is ruined by a poor interface and bad new player experience."
,Recommended,227400,30129039,Posted: 23 February,all,Zeerey,Good game
,Not Recommended,227400,9435038,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Shenti,"This game is almost complete, utter trash, but it had the potential to be one of the greats.If you're coming in to this pile of garbage expecting full-scale, warzone-style PvP with no instances and just tons of chaotic no-BS fun, then you are going to want to take a complete 180 and forget the words ""Darkfall Unholy Wars"" entirely. Seriously, do it. The next time you hear any of those three words in the same sentence you are going to think of this pile of crap, and it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. So, take my advice: do whatever you can to forget about it, because it's -that- bad.Again though, it could have been good, and that's what sucks the most about the entire experience. First of all, the game should have simply been called Runescape 2.0, because that's what it is: Runescape 2.0. Want to play an MMORPG and PvP and just have a fun experience? Y'know, like what video games were originally intended for? Fun? Yeah, no, buddy, not here. You're instantly greeted by some of the worst graphics this world has ever seen plus one of the worst and most simplistic character creation tools imaginable, and then poof--you are dropped into -the absolute worst- ""tutorial"" level for a video game IN EXISTENCE. I am not even trolling, but I admit that I am exaggerating. It's still pretty bad, nonetheless. It accomplishes the basics--gives you the controls, shows you what the tiny little icons that were meant for ants are for, etc., but then it just fails, hard. It's so utterly-gosh-damned boring it will drive you insane. If you actually DO manage to finish the abysmal hold-your-hand level, well then congratulations, your reward shall be even more ungodly torture: upon start of the ""real"" game, you are dropped dead center of the newbie ""town"" (which consists of about three and a half buildings and two NPCs) and left COMPLETELY TO YOUR OWN DEVICES. I was still confused about 90% of the stuff in the tutorial and now I am suddenly expected to just accomplish everything in the game on my own.Nah, we're not doing that. Garbage. Stay away."
76561198081715843,Not Recommended,227400,14004303,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Dimitris athineos,"very unfriendly gameplay for starters.the game is out of line.[wow,lotro,rift,aion]im old school just played 5 min and left it.bye bye my euros."
,Not Recommended,227400,33380119,Posted: 8 July,all,Zetanor,lol
76561198041529902,Not Recommended,227400,8888333,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,KrojinKin,"It's content is minimal, It's very much a grind fest, The pvp is subpar. I've played nearly 300hours of this game and It dulls me. The Market is under priced, It's better to buy gear then to make it. Theirs no profit at all in any of the crafts. So crafting is pointless unless you want the ability to make it yourself then go for it. Your going to mainly grind, wether its sitting at a workbench with supplies and hitting 99 and create. Or sitting at a mob camp and farming 30 to 150 mobs. Or if your bored enough 1000 mobs of the first archetype then 900/800/700 and so forth. Well if you like grinding go for it, the pvp is sub par, whether your shooting arrows at a distance and kiting or using a 2H your bored stiff lol. Either you gain equipment or loose it. In the end you either end up with a bag of gear and whiners or you've lost gear and your shaking your head. Enjoy the Game.For what it's supposed to be and what it should have been ill give this a 4/10"
,Not Recommended,227400,9049314,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,I HATE BLACK PEOPLE,"Couldn't even play it, got an error message that no one else had and no one would respond to my questions on the forums. Complete trash and a waste of money, avoid this like the plague."
,Not Recommended,227400,10025268,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Sozzals,"I played the game for three months, gave it a really good shot.  Some aspects of the game were a lot of fun - the combat, the world is pretty and dynamic, the crafting is awesome fun.I wouldn't recommend this game for two reasons:-1. The community seems to be a throwback of MOBA enraged teens with a hardon for screaming in your face.2. The class system is horrifically unbalanced both on land and in sea (casters can't cast).  I like playing a caster.  Playing a caster in this game is completely invalid.  You have one choice of class if you want to win: a warrior.  If you were unlucky enough to level and skill one of the other classes, too bad.  Should have rolled a warrior."
76561198082101280,Not Recommended,227400,8857862,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,The Squirrel King,"I love the idea, I really do, it's the kind of MMO I've been wanting for a long time. However, I couldn't get very far because the game was so grindy. It was too much for me to get into, and it was far too unforgiving at the beginning, if you accidentaly sold something or failed to craft something, you had to go out into the wilderness, kill mobs to get gold and harvest all the necessary materials again. It has potential to be amazing, but only if they reduce the grinding."
,Recommended,227400,12617619,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,°Dofus,"my alltime favorite mmo/pvp game!! its like a wild mix of ultima online and quake3.the full loot system adds alot too it,just loving the game =)"
76561198102675323,Not Recommended,227400,9186230,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,KaiserKillhelm,Bad game is bad. Characters look derp. Buggy. Uninstalled. Waste of 40 bucks.
,Not Recommended,227400,9252274,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Sarpy,"Absoloute♥♥♥♥♥♥game.Feels unfinished, slow, non responsive. Vile community as well.IS NOT worth £29 nor the overly expensive sub price that is higher than any other mmo.Avoid like the plague."
,Not Recommended,227400,12089527,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Floopyhiggle,"Have yet to be able to play the game b/c the launcher refuses to download the game. ive tried for over a week, game is a waste of your time."
76561198028397818,Not Recommended,227400,10688926,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Maultier,"UI coupled with horrible tutorial make  just  starting this game a complete pain.If the game had a better UI It would not be nearly as frustrating.While the PVP might be ok , just  GETTING  to  the pvp wasnt worth  the hassle of the complete crap tutorial quest / UI system."
76561198091105450,Not Recommended,227400,10317946,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Mercsunrise,"figured id give it a shot but it i quickly realized this wasnt for me, upon purching this is it going to auto renew through steam? on the darkfall page it says i dont have an active sub, this game is just straight up confusing with waaaay to many trolls ingame for an hour straight all i read was one troll after another while every time i hit ""i"" on the keyboard would take a screenshot even unbinding the key it did not matter."
76561198096808915,Not Recommended,227400,10147784,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,tanchico,"Interesting,but absolutely horrible to look at.The graphics are rubbish even on max. The animations are the crappiest i have seen in a game for years. EQ1 has better, and that game is over a decade old ;(The UI is rubbish also. To top it off, most of the chat on the EU server is either german or spanish, and the little english chat is mostly trade or nerd raging tweenies ;(I have played pk/pvp games since the old days of essexmud, this is the biggest pile of crap I have ever played ;)"
76561198046040184,Not Recommended,227400,9040720,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,scootymcwootwoot,"I am vastly unimpressed by this game. It has amazing potential but the developers just arnt doing it right. Graphics and animations are sub par, the user interface is a mess, new players arnt given enough useful information in the tutorials. Considering the price of the game AND the fact that it requires a subscription this game should be alot better than it is. Sadly most free to play MMOs are more worth your time."
,Not Recommended,227400,9360432,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Aether-Eel,"The first thirty minutes consist of a patronizing tutorial where the developers feel the need to hold your hand and teach you how to use the WASD keys and mouse. A very inappropriate gauntlet to walk just to get to a huge ghost town with no one in it, not even NPCs. There after it is a grindfest to catch up with the high level players.  If you cancel your subscription instead of letting it automatically bill you, the game is removed from your games library. But don't let that fool you into thinking you didn't pay for this steaming pile of junk!"
76561198114960151,Not Recommended,227400,9137349,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Nightblazed,"have the game, was gonna come back and play.  1 month sub $40.  meh.  no thanks"
,Not Recommended,227400,10641555,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,inFamousMax,"I purchased this game for over £30 when it was new and the game pretended to offer a lot! however what you actually got in game was unfinished, poor quality and broken.This game is my single biggest regret, it's inline with WarZ.The Features, and promises content is AWESOME but in reality the developers did not have the ability to provide. If you REALLY want to believe then of course try it for yourself. But to be honest you should just buy another game.Thanks,I hope you do not make the same mistake i did."
,Not Recommended,227400,8568864,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Targanoth,This game was not worth the time and money.   Should be free to play in my mind with the lack of care from the devs.
,Not Recommended,227400,18807548,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Fortus Victus,Total scam game that did not even try to live up to the hype it advertised itself as.Wish I could have gotten my $40 USD back after first few hours playing the game THEN got scammed out of 4 months 'subscription' though I didn't play it because I didn't understand steam recurring payments system.In short.  Its a scam.
76561198011832776,Not Recommended,227400,19014005,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Eradorius,just... no
,Not Recommended,227400,8475514,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Magpie,overpriced
76561198054176932,Not Recommended,227400,8858355,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,jawfish,I dont recommend this game.   It could have been a great game but there are too many players in groups that have play a long time and are farming off of killing new players.
,Not Recommended,227400,11802337,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Kaistra,This game absolutely does not merit a subscription fee.
,Not Recommended,227400,9146332,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Jawpz,Sold out on the original Darkfall (which was a master piece by the way) to make this♥♥♥♥♥♥ The devs have been turned into money grabbers. I wouldn't be suprised if they teamed up with EA in the future.UPDATE (06/04/17):I recent found out this game got shut down and the rights got sold onto two companies looking to bring back the original Darkfall how ever they are both going about it in different ways which will fragment the small community which originally loved Darkfall in the first place.I can't say i didn't expect this when they decided to throw a masterpiece of a MMO into the bin and make this garbage. I just hope these two companies that purchased the rights can do something decent or merge together their work and salvage this once great piece of art.
76561198040347391,Not Recommended,227400,9580797,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Nicolas Cage,"Has to be one of the worst MMOS I have ever played, Don't even waste your time. Clunky controls, odd UI, Graphics are not nearly as good as presented from the ""Gameplay"" videos, Terrible tutorial, absolutely horrible questing system / log, and a terrible gathering system."
76561197991236570,Not Recommended,227400,14521437,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Bennings Dekker,"I hate not recommending Indie products. ButAfter some time I could not decide whether to feel bad for spending little time and little money (it was 3.75 at a deal i guess) for this crap, or good for not spending more time and money for it.The tutor system is ok but even the instructoer guy himself told me not to waste time with tutorial quests lol....I could not move on so cant say anything good or bad for the endgame content.The UI is worse than TERRIBLE....I guess it was 2-3 hours later I cancelled my sub, as if it was the most important thing in an urgent at that time...."
,Recommended,227400,12482858,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Plumis,"Great Game. One of the Best PVP MMO...People who like rust and dayZ they are going to love this game! It all about Magic, Swords , Castles and Surviving.only con is that there is a monthly payment which holds many people back because they cant afford to pay every month"
,Not Recommended,227400,8991748,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Rlenk,id rather eat my own♥♥♥♥♥♥for a year just to survive then to open this game and play it for another moment
,Not Recommended,227400,8992197,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Spikex8,2004 called it wants it's game back
,Not Recommended,227400,11308819,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Baconzilla,"This game looks and feels as tho it was made 10 years ago.  Combat system is clunky at best.  Inventory management was better in MUDs.  If they made this game with all the great advancements MMO's have seen in the last decade regarding these things then it may well be a great game.  The community seems good.  The pvp, crafting and seiges are nice.  But the bad combat mechanics and terrible inventory system make a game with a large learning curve not worth the time."
76561198007529485,Not Recommended,227400,9307206,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Dragadunk,"No matter what people tell you or what footage you see. This game truly sucks. Graphics, gameplay, general feel.. just .. save your money."
76561198017343473,Not Recommended,227400,8324637,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,JoKeR,Poopy
76561198067637338,Recommended,227400,12797608,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Klint Beastwood,very good PVP
,Not Recommended,227400,12877918,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,doggoo,It's pretty bad. I'm not gonna lie.
76561198014770703,Not Recommended,227400,11929130,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Andrew,shet game
76561197999301625,Not Recommended,227400,10667552,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,the wammer,"I played this game for about an hour or so but it was enough to let me know that its the same as the 1st darkfall, a grind fest.  Especially when it comes to gathering materials.  Also it ran like crap on my pc, I have played games with better graphics then darkfall and had no issues but with darkfall my fps was about 12 which is lame considering the graphics look like they came from and old era of video games.  The community in darkfall also are a bunch of jerks, you don't really notice it until you play other games and see how much friendly players are.  I biggest complaint about this game is the proformance and grind-fest.  For some reason there are just some games makers out there that make games that run like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have no idea what their problems is maybe they suck at writting code."
,Not Recommended,227400,10644696,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,They Call Me Skelejew,"Played for 10 minutes, get out of tutorial area only to be spawned inside something I couldn't get out of. On top of boring gameplay and lackluster graphics that can be compared to helen keller's artwork, game was a 10/10 honestly want my 3.73 back from the summer sale"
,Not Recommended,227400,10645886,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ＡR | S イ O,bad game just grind fest.
76561197964920638,Not Recommended,227400,12858555,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Bambus,how in the ♥♥♥♥ do i renew my account ? it looks like i can only buy a new account ?
,Not Recommended,227400,12650012,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,assistmeiam,What are you doing? Why I can't purchase Darkfall Unholy wars? Why your service is so terrible? Why I can't login and send message to support? You don't need my money?
76561197993791073,Not Recommended,227400,7849461,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Hunter-Hunted,The tutorial is a complete chore! ug gross! A 10 year old would not find this game exciting!
,Recommended,227400,6380637,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Tiggati,"This game is a 20% safe area game, with the other 80% all PvP.In the game, you can choose to be an Elementalist(Mage), Warrior(Melee), Skirmisher(Ranger), or Primalist(Healer). You also have the choice to train your skills in all of them and switch between what you want to be. But it takes time to swap between classes, so you can only be one at a time, and not switch up in combat.For everything you do in this game, you gain something equal to experience, but it's called Prowess.Prowess is used as a form of currency and is used to spend on your skills. So spend wisely.Players do not have a combat level, or skill total level, they have a prowess level. The amount of prowess a player has, can determine on how strong they are. But just remember, they might of spent it all on gathering skills and not their combat skills, so you might have a chance. Thats the exciting part. A player with 15k prowess could kill a player with 100k prowess. depending on what each player spends their prowess on. :)The game is focused around clans, and taking over cities and villages, with a huge PvP based world. Everything outside of the safe zone is all for all. Anyone you see in the wilderness, you can attack. But be careful, you might annoy a clan, and they might track you down with spies.The wilderness in this game has five levels of wilderness plus the safe zone areas. As soon as you step out of the safe zone, you have 30 seconds before your character is unsafe. What you have on you, you will lose if you die. Except your three basic wepons; your bow, staff and sword. The lowest of all wepons that every player in the game has.The deeper the wilderness, the harder the NPC monsters will be, and the more loot they will drop. This also goes for trees, rocks, and other gathering noads.You've got the freedom to do what you wish in the game.You can gather items to get your crafting skills up, Eg; mine iron ore and smelt that into Iron Ignots, to make armour or wepons, or just to sell to other players to gain Gold Coins.Or you could choose to PvE, and kill NPC monsters to loot items and skin them with a skinning tool to get leather(to craft) and other items.Or you could go out and PvP for money, or work together in a clan to keep your cities under protection and fight for them.Other features on this game include player mounts, player boats, ships and also player houses."
,Recommended,227400,534287,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,IvorBigGun,"This is both the best and worst games Ive played in a while. Unfortunately I suffer constant freezing especially when there are more than about 5 players around. That means its pretty much a solo life in game for me, no big siege battles, no pvp dungeon roaming with my clan.The last straw was the server crashing, not letting anyone back in and when I did finally get in, id been killed and everything taken from me despite being in an area with no PvE mobs around.Id recommend you wait for a demo or trial to be made available and check if it is problem free with your rig."
,Recommended,227400,12985733,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Higgins,Good.
76561198163310055,Recommended,227400,12980041,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,darkfalleu,"Epic mmorpg!!! Based on player skill, lots of action and huge world! If u are a carebear noob dont join this pro mmorg!!"
76561198029270631,Recommended,227400,8987373,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Lowly Peasant Filth,Fun MMO unlike others. Hard to describe just basically its got it all. Right now really cheap and worth checking out.
,Recommended,227400,34752275,Posted: 5 September,all,inVis,yeah but its dead now so gg
76561198003084433,Not Recommended,227400,34896761,Posted: 12 September,all,Thirite,dead game
